Oct 30 2009 	Not Bad !	Was nervous after reading some of the reviews.Rooms bit small,but bathroom was good,location the best,staff average,clean but decor below par.By London standards for a person that spends most of the day outside ,this is good value for money.	
Oct 9 2009 	It makes the money!	Very nice 2* hotel, clean, kind staff, very very good location at 3-5 minutes from Paddington station and tube, in Central London. I recommend it for those who want to visit London due to its location. Also is very close of Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park. Maybe the rooms are too tiny but it is not a spa hotel. I highly appreciated the hotel staff.	
Jul 13 2009 	It is worth the money	Advantages: Good public transport and cheap restaurants nearby, ready and kind staff, fairly clean, reasonable prize.Disadvantages: Ragged furniture and carpets, thin walls (you can hear your neighbour snoring), small rooms, only 6 TV channels (2 of them the same).	
Jul 12 2009 	Do not recommend	Noisy, with children running around!Small bedroom, unconfortable bed and awfull luggage storage area.	
Jun 6 2009 	Awful	It's cheap for sure, but I'll never make the mistake of booking this hotel again. Small room, very uncomfortable beds, TV didn't work, almost non-existent breakfast. I had booked for 3 nights, but changed hotels after 2. Location near the Paddington station was good, but there are far better hotels to choose from around the same area.	
May 15 2009 	We liked it	We didn't expect much for the hotel, especially after we were reading these reviews before our trip. In fact I was even little worried about what we would get there. But fortunately I worried for nothing, the hotel was surprisingly good. Though the room was very tiny and bed was a little bit uncomfortable, we didn't found anything else to complain (except that the TV didn't worked, or perhaps we didn't know how to use it). When we arrived, our room was clean and cleaner changed the towels and pillowcases every day during our stay. First time I tried to use the tap, I got only boiling hot water from there and couldn't get it turn to colder. But then my boyfriend figured out how it worked. There is two switchs, hot and cold and you just have to turn them both to make the balance. Even though the bed has springs popping out, there was surprisingly good to sleep. In fact my boyfriend had a backache before we went to this holiday, but after first night in that bed the backache was gone... :) I complained about the bed at first, but after all I slept very well for all week. Okay, you should take earplugs with you if you have problems to sleep because the walls are very thin and you can hear all the noises from the hallway. We recommended this hotel for those who just need a place to sleep, have a shower and preserve their things safely. During our visit the hotel staff were very friendly and served us politely, we felt ourselves welcomed. Paddington was very nice and cosy area.	
Apr 6 2009 	Don't take this hotel...please...	I was reading some reviews and I don't know why I didn't take the advise of others...really, I don't know :-(I don't know how to describe the hotel... Just, don't go... The room was so small that I had to go OVER my girlfriend in order to exit the bed...yes..believe... The double bed had ONLY one side out of the wall...so, each time I/she want to go out the bed, we had to jump over the other. The service...really bad. The people are not friendly and never, I say, NEVER they smile to us.The TV had only 3 chains and no remote control... no way to make understand the receptionist that they shoud check it...The electrical cables (and, believe, I know what I'm talking about) where without protections and were a danger for people.The breakfast machines for bread, coffee...etc, didn't work!!! Well, probably you are reading and thinking that I'm hard with them...but, just before going to the room, read the guest book in the left of the entrance...you will see some &quot;nice&quot; comments that people did before you.If you want to know more about, don't hesitate to contact me.. alfil1313@gmail.comRegards.	
Mar 26 2009 	Please please don't contribut to this horrible establishment!!!	I don't know where to begin, so I will just try my best. This was by FAR the most DISGUSTING and terrible hotel I have ever stayed in. The location of it, sure it was nice, close to Paddington, but not worth it! The first room we were put in was the size of a infant's shoebox. All the room was able to fit in it was a rickety old double bed (yes, rickety, it creaked and swayed when you sat on it). The Big Screen tv in the room was about 9-10 inches I'd say, and the hotel didn't provide binoculars so you couldn't watch it from the bed. It also only received about 6 channels, three or four of which played the same program. The bathroom was about the size of a nice sized port o'potty. Oh and the smell of the joint, the hotel as a whole that is, honest to god, my friend threw up upon entering the lobby. No joke, not exaggerating, she vomited outside the front steps. She was feeling a bit queasy that day due to the traveling, but she managed to keep it down for an hour and a half bus ride, then another 25 minute walk. Upon encountering that alluring aroma, all hell broke loose. The hotel staff, yet another treat. We were hassled about having another girl come upstairs with us to our room. He kept calling the room telling us we weren't allowed to have visitors stay past 11!! That was beyond strange. Anyway, in order for her to stay with us we had to pay another 30 pounds!! We got ripped off, majorly. At least we got to be put in a different room, this time a triple, with a surprisingly more modern bathroom. But in this room the beds were just as bad, very uncomfortable with coils sticking out. After sleeping in them I think we all should have gone and got tetnis shots. The room was also conveniently located next to the Indian restaurant attached and wait for it, the laundry/utility room, so we were awakened by the angelic sounds of banging, clanking and pounding. I don't know how well they clean the rooms because in the drawers of the one and only nightstand was garbage from a previous guest which included crumpled papers, napkins, receipts, brochures and other miscellaneous papers. But to top it off, my favorite part of the hotel, in the top drawer there lay a single dirty miniature metal spoon (very cute) and a used pair of broken airline headphones (finders keepers). I understand people just want a cheap place to sleep and shower, but please go elsewhere, establishments like these should be forced to raise their standards of accommodations for travelers such as ourselves. There are places just as cheap, or possibly a few bucks more that you don't have to get deloused after staying there. Good luck!!!	
Mar 9 2009	The worst hotel I have ever vistited	I have never been so traumatized in my life. I was trapped in the shower while scalding hot water was pouring on my body. I asked for my boyfriend to be allowed to stay with me and for an extra room and they insisted on making me pay extra for it. I lost a day of travel due to the burns, trauma and pain. No one seemed interested in compensating me for my trauma. The hotel was also dinky and as described on their website, there is no internet or satellite available. I would not recommended this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good location good choice	We wanted a clean, cheap place to sleep and we weren't disappointed.Friendly, helpfull staff and geat location, really close to Paddington Station. The beds were uncomfortable and the room was freezing cold at night, but clean with newly renovated bathroom. Breakfast was plain but fully sufficient. All in all, we're happy and will come here again for cheap, convenient accommodation.	
Feb 2 2009 	Good for the price	Me and my boyfriend stayed at Prince William Hotel for a long weekend. The location is excellent, Paddington station is really close by, maybe 3-minute walking, which is really convenient.The hotel isn't a 5-star hotel, but did fulfill our needs: a bed to sleep in for few hours and a hot shower. The room was really cold when we got in, but after turning the heater, it was ok for the rest of the stay. The traffic noise was really loud, I recommend bringing ear plugs (we stayed on the first floor). You could smell curry once we got in the hotel, but not in our room. Realistically, we got a good deal. But we weren't expecting a Ritz to start with.	
Jan 8 2009 	More dirty hostel than hotel!	I booked this hotel over the internet for me, my mother and aunt. From the second we arrived i knew it was a mistake!! From the tiny lobby, and odd reception not to mention the stale smell. I The staff were unfriendly to say the least, having poor english, hardly spoke a word just handed us our keys and pointed in the direction of the stairs leading down stairs to the basement. The lift if you can call it that, fits one plus suitcase and looked about 100 yrs old. When we got to our rooms the thought dungon sprang to mind as it was nothing more!! I cannot discribe the smell of urine it smelled as if something had died in there. The bathroom tiles, basin and bath were stained and cracked and not big enough to turn round in. The window was borded up and had bars on, the sheets and bed covers were a suspicious shade of yellow and the beds were lumpy! when we complained we were met by cold hostility as the girl shouted no smell no smell at us! she then agreed to give us other rooms on the second floor, but we soon found these were of a similar standard. I felt like i was going to cry it was so bad. We agreed there was no way we could stay in this disgraceful place. We went down to the lobby to tell the manager we wanted a refund, to find the full amount had already been taken from our card. The girl told us there was no manager for us to speek to through broken english. I said i found that hard to believe as it was 4 o'clock on a tuesday. she said we wouldn't get our money anyway!! I didn't care i would rather sleep on the street so left. We decided to check out other hotels near, and as a almost joke went into the hilton across the road to enquire the price. we were shocked to find the hilton charged only 8 pounds more!!!! With brakefast for three only £20 extra. Our stay in the Hilton was Amazing,a real treat, Clean, friendly staff nice food well worth the extra £28!! So my advise to you is avoid the flea pit prince william and go to the Hilton!!!! I cannot stress it enough!!!	
Oct 1 2008 	Good for the price	This hotel is in a good location, very close to Paddington station.The staff were quite pleasant, the room was fine apart from the mattress being a little lumpy.I would give it a 6-7/10 for cleanliness.Adequate breakfast.I would stay here again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Disgraceful appauling and horrid	Im so built up with disgust I dont know where to begin.Let me start by saying... I beg you, please dont stay here. I booked this hotel online obviously looking for something basic and reasonably cheap in the heart of London. It cost me 69 pounds at the time or roughly $150 AUD - I am aware that London is very expensive and was happy to pay that for what i thought would be basic but liveable however boy was i wrong!!!Please read below for my account:- On check in we were greated with an empty desk for almost 10 minutes - Once given our room we found it was down a staircase resembling a verticle drop and not wide enough to fit my back pack. You can imagine how dangerous this was and the difficulty to manage after a 20 hour flight let alone assisting my girlfriend with her luggage.- Once finally getting into our room I was pleased to find our room was situated under the staircase I had just gone flying down and next door to a public toilet for guests.- The room resembled a jail cell. Not wide enough to open luggage, a TV that could be watched with a magnifying glass, a bathroom that i had to suck in my stomach to fit into and a window that looked directly out to a beautiful brick wall.- The bed was the best part of this room - the mattress was designed in a semi circle. It was to short so my legs dangled, the pillow was as thick as an A4 piece of paper and through out the night my Girlfriend and I rolled into eachother in the middle of the bed as the semi circle/slant of the mattress took affect.One positive of this hotel was the breakfast. After waking to the magnificant view of the brick wall and the stench of urin from next door not to mention people crashing down the stairs above us. Breakfast provided a haven. Bread that couldnt be toasted because the toaster had no power. Cheese that was harder then the brick wall i woke up looking at and some spreads (actually make that a spread - jam)By half way through our stay we went out for breakfast - we couldnt bare to be in that hotel for a second longer.Finally as our flight out of London was at 4am i arrose at around 2 to go to reception to ask the man behind the desk if he could check for delays on my flight. He said he could not (but I saw him using internet on facebook and looking up websites). His reasoning was that guests could not use the internet so i then had to call the airline and sit on my mobile phone for 10 minutes.I give this hotel a -10/10. Prince William would not allow himself to be burried here. p.s when i booked they mentioned renovations had recently been completed as i walked in the sign on the wall was (we apologise for the decor renovations in progress - I have no doubt this sign still exists today.	
Aug 1 2008 	Don't stay here!	This is an absolutely ABYSMAL hotel! My husband and I booked in for a few days at the start of a holiday in Britain and then for two nights again at the end. The price is low for central London, so we weren't expecting luxury. We were, however, expecting basic comfort.When we arrived our first room was absolutely tiny - we suspect that it was probably a converted corridor. It was so small that if one person wanted to walk to the bathroom the other had to literally climb onto the bed. The double bed was also shoved against a wall - interesting if the person on that side needs to visit the bathroom in the night. We could just about tolerate this, but we discovered that evening that the shower had only one basic temperature - boiling hot. So hot that you couldn't stand under it without being burned. The next morning we complained and, to be fair, we were given another room for the remainder of the first part of our stay. This room was acceptable, though the bed was still uncomfortable.The real nightmare began when we returned for our last two nights before flying home. (I know, I know - we should've gone elsewhere, but we'd already paid). The weather was hot, and the temperature in our room was a nightmare. There was a rickety old fan, but it didn't help much. The bathroom was particularly bad - I touched the wall and it was like touching the outside of an oven door when something's being cooked. We also had the same problem with the shower - it was too hot! When we complained, the guy on reception could not change the room but told us we could use a shower on the ground floor.This experience was uncomfortable for us, but for an elderly person or somebody in bad health to stay in a room with that temperature could be really dangerous!The breakfast is also bad - you have a choice of two kinds of cereal and warm milk, toast, coffee and juice. The toasters don't work particularly well.There are really only two good points about this hotel - it's in a good location and there is 24-hour reception. But my advice - go somewhere else. A park bench would be more comfortable.	
Jul 10 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever - Completely Rude Staff	My boyfriend and I booked stays in this hotel to be close to Paddington Station to get to Heathrow between trips to Ireland and back home to the States. The first time we stayed there we went to sign in and were told that the credit card machine was down and we'd need to pay in cash. I stated that I did not have that much on me and was unaware that I would be needing to pay in cash as no call was made before our arrival. Either way I went to get the cash - was then told that I wouldn't get a reciept until the room was freed from the last occupant (we were dropping off our bags prior to check in to explore the city). I then told the staff member if I was not receiving a receipt he could give me my money back, which at first he was unwilling to do. Eventually he gave me back the cash (which I now had to carry around London until we could fully check into the room). The room was cold as all we had was a personal heater.The second time we stayed there before returning to the States was the worst display of customer service I have ever seen. Their credit card machine was fixed by then (two weeks later). We get up to the room and it's Freezing! As we were leaving for a play we infomed the staff and were told that the heat was broken (something I feel guests should be informed of when they check in) and they would send up a space heater while we were out. We returned back and no space heater was there. So I went downstairs and asked for it and was told extremely rudely that the staff member could not do anything until the night person came (why, I don't know), but that he would send up extra blankets. We feel asleep and woke up 2 hours later and no one had come up to the room (I was using my winter coat as a blanket now), so my boyfriend went downstairs to ask what the problem was. The staff member then brought him Sheets! Sheets! Like they would rectify the problem of a freezing cold room. We used our coats that night to stay warm.The next morning we woke up to take showers - no hot water. We went downstairs and were told not only was there no heat, but there was no hot water either (once again something I felt we should have been told). Apparently they left the hot water for the top floor rooms and were giving guests keys to those rooms to take their showers. So we had to go to our room and get everything we needed for our shower, bring it upstairs to take one, then go back downstairs to pack up to leave. Utterly the worst service/stay I have ever had at a hotel (including hostels!). Pay the extra money and stay somewhere else!	
Jun 10 2008 	WARNING!	This Hotel should be closed down before someone is seriously burned by the scalding hot water from the shower, sink and the toilet! YES - the TOILET! We moved rooms 3 times and all the rooms had the same problem which the owners have known about for a long time, (see other reviews). I managed to get cold water for about 3 minutes before it returned to scalding hot again, so hot that you could make your morning cup of tea. The rooms are basically single size with a double bed thrown in, the mattress didn't even fit the base and in the other room the door didn't open properly because of the bed. The TV in the rooms we tried all had poor reception and I had to fix the aerial on the one. The window in the one room was held ajar with the kettle and in the other room as we slid the window open, it fell out of its groove. The floors were dusty and the carpets grubby. Cannot book in to 3pm and have to vacate at 11am. Even at 3pm the room hadn't been cleaned. The staff are from various countries and the female receptionist from Hungary was very rude!The breakfast is a a basic DIY and the old toasters take a good 5 minutes to brown the toast. I bet Prince William has never been there! Typical overpriced London dump! What must the foreign tourists think of this country when they see hotels like this! The owners should be ashamed of themselves! How do they sleep at night? Don't give them your money - stay somewhere else!	
Jun 4 2008 	Worst Hotel	This is the worst hotel I have stayed in. The TV did not have any signal and I had to fix it myself as the person sitting at the counter had no clue how to tune the TV. There was no cold water in the taps and the water was too scalding hot to take a shower. They changed my room in the morning, but in the new room also the shower did not have any cold water. Hence I left the hotel without a shower at all. The breakfast is too plain. Not worth paying a penny for this, and I wouldn't stay there again even if they paid me to.	
Feb 22 2008 	Second Worst Hotel I've Ever Experienced...	The hotel was booked for me by my boss as I am working in London for 2 weeks. I've stayed here for a week now and I have never been so depressed in my whole life. The lobby and lounge smell of curry and my room smelled reminiscent of a nursing home.My first room was small and tatty. The sheets were clean, but the bed was so uncomfortable I couldn't sleep. The final straw was after a terrible nights sleep, the shower in the morning was cold. I complained and to their credit, reception was very helpful. When I got back from work they had found me another room and had moved my bags for me.However, my new room was even smaller. There was no lighting and no heater. So, I complained again. Reception was very helpful again, and immediately found me a much bigger room, with light, heat and hot water! Bingo! But not too much to ask, surely!? My final room was much better than the previous efforts, but far from nice. Much bigger, the bathroom was perfectly accpetable, but the room generally was very tatty, furnishings ripped, flooring tatty and damaged, and generally smelled bad. The television had a very poor picture, and the tea and coffee facilities looked filthy and the kettle dangerous. It had been repaired poorly with some kind of sealant.Breakfast was surprisingly impressive (possibly because my expecatiations were so low...) cereal, toast and fruit juice which was perfectly adequate, and fairly nice coffee!Overall, this is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. I am here for work and will be taking this up with my boss when I get back to work. If I had to pay to stay here myself, I simply wouldn't.	
Jan 28 2008 	Pretty fine for the price	The rating refers to value for money in London. The bad reviews the hotel otherwise gets should perhaps be seen in relation to the price - you do not get much accomodation in central London for that price.I paid around 30£ a night for a single room and got a room ca. 8 sq.m w. bath &amp; toilet. Clean and working. Beds are very basic indeed. Maybe 5th floor, were I was, has recently been made over. Tv is there, but with antenna and bad reception.Breakfast (continental) was ok, but spartan. Cheese, marmelade and toast.I wanted a place to sleep and that was fine for the purpose. It is not a place to &quot;hang out&quot;. Three central tube stations (servicing different lines) makes transport easy and, near Hyde Park, also withing a frisk walking distance.I am not flabergasted by the place, but got a friendly welcome, and a clean place to sleep at a decent price.	
Jan 28 2008 	They Are Scammers	I booked thru the internet (booking.com) but when I turned up, they said there were no rooms available. They lied to me saying it was due to some kind of error on the web site. They even said I had to confirm by phone beforehand when I had the confirmation document in hand. But after few days they took money from my credit card. When I phoned them, they said they took my money because I didn't show up and argued saying they don't have any evidence of my presence on the day. They are SCAMMERS. The hotel staffs are also not very friendly, they are rude. Do not trust them...	
Jan 17 2008	Horrendous	This is without doubt the WORSE HOTEL I have ever stayed in. It was dirty, there was no hot water, the TV was broken and the rooms smelt of curry. We walked out of the hotel, crossed the road a stayed in the nice hotel for the same price. Please do the same. This is a horrible hotel!!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE	
Dec 17 2007 	Not as bad as other reviews say	Date: Dec 1st 2007Were really worried about the hotel after reading the reviews, but it really isn't as bad as people say. Room 23 was small and the furniture a bit tatty , but it was clean , the bed was clean and comfortable, and the ensuite clean and very new. There was tea and coffee making facility and a TV. The staff were friendly on reception and the breakfast was fine - juice, cereal , toast and tea or coffee.It is cheap and cheerful, and perfectly adequate. Well positioned for central London.However we wouldn't recommend the Indian Restaurant opposite side of the road - waited 45 minutes for the food and it was luke warm and not very good at all.	
Nov 13 2007 	I joined tripadvisor just to review this hotel	Ok, Ive stayed in a lot of places and my time is valuable so, I am willing to spend a few minutes to save the rest of you from my fate. First, i pulled down the bed cover to find someone elses hairs on the sheets. I promptly asked them to change the sheets. After 5 hours I returned to the hotel and it was still not done. I asked for new sheets again and was handed them and had to change the bed myself. Second, they claim to have internet access on hotels.com, they lied, no internet access just a coy smile when asked about it. Third, Both the hot and cold water come out burning hot making it impossible to wash hands or modulate a decent shower temp. Forth, the mattress was very old, inexpensive and uncomforatble. Fifth, the walls are so thin I heard my neighbors normal volume conversations clear as day. Sixth, I asked for a wake up call, it never came. Seventh, there was a beige blanket for the bed in the closet, it had a 10&quot; circular red stain, I cannot confirm it was blood but i assume so. Needless to say, it was awful. Good luck on your trip to London.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great hotel	I would defo stay here again. Room was good size, clean and always very warm. Staff were very friendly. Bathroom was brand new so was the floors in the room. Right next to everything you need.	
Oct 6 2007 	Cheap place in the center	Well, I can just say it is greatly located near the Paddington, which gives possibility to very efficient London tourism. On the other and, it is the hotel with the worst ever breakfast, just some toasts in non orking toasters with cheap marmelade. The room is so tiny, but surprisingly with new and fully renovated bathrooum, nevertheless with the problems with hot and cold water. And, byt the way the wall next to my bed was heating ...the bed was worse than ever imagined.Extremely helpfull staff is a big plus. Cheap hotel, in the center, for just few nights.	
Sep 28 2007 	shabby	This hotel is well located, and relatively cheap- end of positive statements i can make about this hotelvery cramped, shabby conditions, more like a homeless shelter than a hotel- especially when you lift back the very thin sheet that separates you from the mattress. I would not stay here again if it were free	
Sep 2 2007	No cold water - boiling hot showers	We are still trying to get a refund from Eurostar for our stay at this hotel. We live in Switzerland and were invited to a wedding in London. We decided to spend a few days in Paris and take the Eurostar to London. We booked the hotel via Eurostar too as the package deal sounded good. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. I understand that some people may have had pleasant experiences - yes the breakfast is a decent continental breakfast. However... upon entering the hotel one is greeted by the smell of old carpets. The elevator is broken (they claim it is being repaired) and bounces up and down when it comes to a halt. In our room, the curtains had two holes in them and the floor was cracked. The sink was clogged - we resolved this by removing hair from inside. Finally, after a long trip there was no cold water in the shower! The water was boiling hot. We did our best to wash in the sink and then wanted to go sightseeing. When we informed the recptionist, he said it was normal - in this hotel one has to let the water run for a bit. I explained we had let it run for more than a bit. He promised to look into the matter. Upon our return late at night we were informed that the problem had been resolved. But when we turned the shower on, after one second we had boiling hot water again. Too tired we fell asleep and tried again in the morning. No luck. We went back to the receptionitsts who explained the only thing we could do was change rooms. However, the new room was not yet made - we were advised to return later. I explained we had a wedding to go to. No problem - we were told to move our things and take the shower in the unmade room. It was pretty unmade - the bin filled up with dirty things, the bed unmade, and piles of dirty towels on the floor for us to climb over. At least, after waiting for a few seconds, hot water arrived. We also had not clean towels. But I got hold of the housekeeper. We asked for some sort of refund, but since we booked through Eurostar and prepaid could get nothing, and have written a letter to Eurostar. The next day I discovered I had left my pyjamas in the first room. The receptionists finally traced them downstairs, proudly informing me they had been saved from the garbage bin! We've travelled a lot - even staying in a great one star bungalow in the South of France, but the bottom line is things should work. I nearly scalded my skull trying to wash my hair in the hot water before the wedding. The contrast between our stay and the wedding we finally got to was incredible. This hotel has potential. It just needs someone to care.	
Aug 7 2007	Good value for money!	My sister and I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel. We arrived at the hotel 5 hours before check in. This was not a problem as we were allowed to put our bags in a room so we were able to note waste the day go out and do whatever. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel rooms are very basic but extremely clean. There a kettle in the room for tea and coffee and a TV. The next day there was no cold water in the shower but as soon as we informed reception they changed our room immediately without hesitation. My sister had left a teddy bear behind in the room but when we returned to the hotel that night the teddy bear was left in our room along with a newspaper which we left to be thrown out. We were extremely impressed by this. Reception has hairdryers, irons and an ironing board if needed. We had our room cleaned and beds made daily and clean towels every day. Breakfast was self-service which was great if you were 5/10 mins late going down to get breakfast. We had the choice of 2 tube stations, Lancaster Gate &amp; Paddington which is less than 5 mins away. This hotel is value for money and we will deftly be back! Christina &amp; Ashleen, Northern Ireland	
Jul 30 2007 	Not worth to stay with rather high value	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, the room looked ok (roughly). When I spend a time in there, I found there're lots of things not quite right to a money I paid too high. Cold/Hot water in a shower room and sink couldn't be adjustable. Air ventilator was so noisy when working. Curtain did not hang on the rail properly. Although a bed was set perfect but the cleandiness on the sheet and room floor were terrible. Importantly, my room was close to a neighbor by only a locked door on the wall side, so that I could hear what other room talking or doing and see the room light through a door space as well--That's so bad (coz this was not a budget hotel, wasn't it).	
Apr 22 2007	Worst experience you can get for your money.	Worst experience you can get for the money.This hotel is by far the worst I have ever stayed at. When my wife and I arrived we where offered a room so small that there was no room for opening the suitcase. Aside from this the room had the following defects: The room was very noisy due to the elevator located next to the room. The bed was worn out and squeaked every time it was touched. Fungus and water damage had gotten the better of the shower and the bathroom was so small that it was impossible to sit straight on the toilet as it almost touched the sink. Finally the television and shawing light in the bathroom was out of order. Housekeeping did apparently only tidy the bed on Prince William Hotel, as dust and dirt was all over the room.After seeing the room we decided to complaint about this to the hotel. The clerk in the reception did not see the problem and told us that this was the standard of the hotel. In fact he did not give a damn, but after some arguing he was persuaded into giving us a new room the following day (he argued that there was no spare rooms). So the next day (after spending a night in the noisy cabinet of a room we was complaining about) we got a new room. Even though this room was bigger than the first one it was in fact even worse. All the furniture was worn down, and the window to the street was broken, allowing smoke and noise to enter the room from the street. The bed was as bad as in the first room, and the room itself was just as dirty. The ventilation in the bathroom was out of order and the water in the shower and sink was boiling. The solution to this problem was according to hotel staff that we used the bathroom in some of the other rooms already occupied by guests of the hotel.Complaining over this to the hotel clerk resulted in him insulting us and claiming that this was the case for all the rooms – Even though he knew that we knew he was lying. Yet again after arguing with him and insisting to talk to the manager we got a new room. The new room was still not clean – Some dirty towels where left by housekeeping and there was piss stains on the toilet and floor of the bathroom. Behind the worn-down furniture there was dirt and dust, along with some garbage the housekeeper apparently had missed.Apart from this we had the ‘pleasure’ of experiencing one power outage and two false fire alarms while staying on Prince William Hotel. Furthermore old dirty water was left in the tea water boiler in all of the rooms we where in, rendering this facility useless. Do NOT go to this hotel, and if you do then be prepared to fight the hotel staff for basic necessities, as these are rare at Prince William Hotel.	
Feb 21 2007	Very Good Value For Money	I stay at this hotel regularly when travelling to London. It is within 5 minutes of Paddington station and is friendly, clean and efficient. The reception staff are always friendly (although there is a lady who is sometimes there and can't quite crack a smile!) the others are all 100%. Rooms vary from very small to quite decent, but they all are big enough to do the job! I have never had any difficulty in finding enough storage for my luggage and clothes etc. Everything is basic, 5 channel tv etc, but always clean and fresh. Bathrooms seem to have been recently rennovated and are all similar and clean with a supply of shampoo and soap.I have never had the breakfast (not much of an early bird!) but everyone seems content when leaving the breakfast room. In terms of value for money and location I believe you will not find better. I for one will keep returning.	
Feb 12 2007 	Bring your own hot water for a shower	the showers didn't have any hot water for the time I was staying there and the hotel staff advised that it was related to everyone taking a shower in the morning. In the evening it was that there was no one ot handle the problem. Please I appeal to fellow tourists, students and everyone who is going to make the mistake of book there, bring your own hot water and maybe other basics, you might also want to bring a heater to keep the place warm in the winter.	
Dec 3 2006 	I liked it!!	Prince William is nothing fancy, small room, table and chair, television with 5 channels and a shower. Each floor shares a moderate restroom. I found it to be quite comfortable and clean, plus a good bargain! It's located in a nice part of London with a few good pubs not more than a 5 minute walk away. I walked to Old Ben, Buckingham Palace and Kensington in less than three hours one day, in the rain .I liked the complimentary breakfast each morning and the toast, cheese, juice and cornflakes were all fresh and delicious. Perfect for someone traveling alone or with a friend.Only complaint was the women who worked there, they weren't as friendly as the men and enjoyed scolding me for having a friend stay the night and my costly in-room phone bill.Other than that there aren't any bugs or anything like that!	
Nov 28 2006 	not too bad for london	price and location are ok. nothing fancy, very basic rooms but hey...it is london. so if you want to stay for 70 pounds, you will need to sacrifice something	
Oct 6 2006 	The worst experience I have ever had.	What should have been a nice couple of days in London ended up as the worst experience I have ever had on a Hotel. Between my room and the room next to me there was a thin door which meant I hardly got any sleep the first night because of a crying baby. The second night the smell of smoke coming from the neighbour room was occupying my room. Further more sleeping on my stomach I have been filled with bites from what I believe must have been bed fleas (see photo). Travelling a lot I am very disgusted by the whole situation. I e-mailed the Hotel suggesting them to give me an compensation but have not got any response at all.	
Oct 2 2006 	Dissappointed at the Prince William	The photos we viewed were not an accurate depiction of the real room. The place was in need of cleaning and paint.The twin beds looked like portable cots with sagging mattresses that were very thin. The bedspreads were old and dirty. The room appeared to need a good cleaning.The bathroom needed repair and was uninviting to use.The bedroom door lock had no security lock.It reeked of curry.We arrived early and asked to see the room but we were refused.	
Sep 25 2006 	The Worst Hotel in London	I booked a three day stay at this hotel because it seemed to be good value for money. I arrived late due to a train delay at 1930 hours. The receptionist said she was fully booked and that my online reservation was worthless because I should have arrived by 1600 hours or phoned ahead.The woman on reception was very rude and told me I would lose one days money on my credit card booking. I asked to see the manager; and explained my situation, I had been travelling all day from Scotland and I was desperate for a bed.The manager agreed to put me up in a staff room (not en-suite) only with a hand wash basin. I accepted and ignored the inconvenience of a tiny room with single bed and used bedding.I slept on top of the bed, so as to avoid contamination from soiled sheets. Around 0330 in the morning I was awoken by someone who had entered the room with a key and was standing by the bed. I was shocked as he/she turned on the light.It was a transexual, friend of the staff personel's room I was staying in. He/she asked where was Lars? I said I did not know, and I was sleeping here tonight. He/she left, and I had trouble getting back to sleep, so I barricaded the door with my baggage.In the morning, I asked at reception whether I could have a standard room for the next two nights. Again, the receptionist was rude and said; sorry, the management want you to leave immediately. I would be charged one day stay on my credit card and two days would be refunded.I asked if I could take breakfast before I left, she shrugged and pointed to a staircase leading down into a basement, self service kitchen.The breakfast on offer was disgusting. Eggs congealed, hot dog sausages and burnt toast, and a nasty notice insisting only one glass of juice per customer, additional glasses 75 pence. Coffee whitener only available and surly breakfast staff who spoke little English.I returned to my room (the staff room) to collect my luggage; as I entered the door was propped open for the cleaners, and a cleaner had opened my suitcase and was flicking through my photograph album of my children. I was stunned.I noticed many safety issues during my stay; fire doors were propped open and windows were suspect, piles of laundry and other furniture blocked fire escape routes and I was speaking to a lady in the lounge whilst waiting for my taxi, she said some of her clothing had been stolen from a wardrobe during her stay, which seemed odd and rather unpleasant.Do not stay in this hotel. Personally; I should have demanded my money back (onto my credit card) and found another place, after I arrived.	
Sep 25 2006 	Not So Terrible	The staff was kindly, room very small but clean, I found it not so terrible as I thought.	
Sep 24 2006 	value for money	Location was great, it's near the paddington tube, the lift was really old, but other than that it's fine. Stayed in the 4th floor and it took around 40 sec to reach there from the groundfloor...the room's really tiny, not much moving space, and you can hear people jumping on the 5th floor, or people chatting next room.The restaurant was terrible, and I personally didn't like the breakfast they provided.Staffs are ok, but should've smiled more.	
Aug 15 2006	Overbooking ! Terrible place	I had a confirmation paid on Hotels. When I walk in at 21:10 I was just told that the hotel was fully booked and that they cancelled my reservation. I still have to check if my credit card have been refunded. No help have been given for finding another hotel. Terrible customer service. Rude receptionist and not helpful	
Aug 13 2006 	Zero stars	Grim, filthy, unsafe and unfriendly. Stay away from this place, there are a lot of cheap hotels in Bayswater area.	
Aug 7 2006 	Very satisfyed customer	After to have read all the previos guests bad comments about this hotel, it was with bad feelings and suspicios minds we travelled to London to stay on Prince William for a 4 night stay.We surely got surprised. The receptionist was kind, and took care of our bags, all through we arrived to the hotel at 11 am, instead of check in time at 3 pm, after a trip to the city we came back to thr hotel at 18pm, we got our room, which was kind a small, but clean and friendly, the bathroom was surprishing pretty and clean, lots of towels changed daily, plenty of hot water even at the 3rd floor. Breakfast room was also nice and clean, with plenty of bread, juice, cheese and marmelade, not to mention a very delicios coffee. At all of our stay, we only met kind receptionists, the room, bath and bed was welldone and well-cleaned daily. At the check-out day, the receptionist again took care of our bags, so we could reach yet another day in London, before our evening plane took off. In fact we never found any reason to any complain.Ofcause Prince William is not Hilton, but for a two star hotel, its above average in its standard, and I can recommand it to who, there need a good bed to sleep in, and a nice bathroom, and dont need any luxury. In fact, We would visit Prince William again. next time our holiday goes to London.Mr Petersen from Denmark	
Jul 3 2006 	Please Dont go there It's an accident waiting to happen	I recently had the misfortune of visiting this hotel. Although I was actually charged for the room, I refused to stay there for the following reasons.Apart from the rude and uncaring attitude of the receptionist, I also found.1 the wooden floors in the hallway were filthy and the 2 inch gap in the sides contained cockroaches and ants.2 The vents from the kitchen allowed all the smoke and grease back into the bedrooms.3 The lift is heavily vandalised, does not work to all floors and is poorly maintained4 The corridors to the rooms upstairs are blocked with old bed frames and childrens cots.5 There are no signs indicating fire escapes or exit routes that I could see.6 Fire doors in the staircase were propped open with wet towels.7 The beds appeared to be unmade and there were dirty coffee cups in the room.8 There appeared to be insects in and under the bed.9 The previous guest had had articles of her personal belongings stolen and I did not feel safe to leave mine there. Your receptionist was rude, arrogant and dismissive to this woman traveller. She personally recommended that I not stay there10 On viewing the room, and complaining, I discovered that your receptionist had already taken the money from my credit card before I had given him permission. 11 Further guests that I asked had similar complaints.As you can imagine, I was shocked at the poor and unsafe quality of the hotel and spent the night in a real hotel. I am most surprised that such a slum can be operating when London will be the focus of the worlds attention in 2012.	
Jun 25 2006	An ok hotel	I read a lot of bad reviews about this hotel, so I was actually positiv when I arrived. It looked clean at first, and the staff was kind. But I was not too happy about the room. We found a dirty cup, a half wisky bottle in the closet and urin stains on the toiletseat... So I was discusted by that. The management fixed the urinstain and the cup, but we didn't tell them about the bottle...We wantet to see how long it took for them too find it in the closet. They didn't find it while we were there... The breakfast was ok...Not bad and not good. There were no bedbugs or other bugs by the way.It was an ok experience, but I will not go back there.	
Mar 27 2006	Cheap and cheerfull!	I was really suspicious after reading all these horreondous rewiews that the former guests have written. Now I really don´t understand why everybody is complaining!? Hotels in London are expensive but I got a good bargain in Prince Albert (single room for 24 pounds). The room was warm, toilet clean, water hot. The bed was nothing special but sheets were clean.It was the coldest spring in London since 1987 but I had it nice and cosy in my small room. Breakfast was coffee, tea, toast, jam, butter, cheese and juice. It called a continental breakfast! They offered me a room at basement but I asked for a room with a window and was given one. And if you stay in the city, why complain about the noise: wear ear-plugs! I have seen much worse hotels in Rome and Madrid: cold, gloomy and price is about the same. This is Europe and if you want better quality with this prize, why not travel to Bangkok or Beijing!	
Mar 4 2006	Pretty grim hotel	We stayed in the Prince William for 1 night and that was a night too long!! The double room we stayed in was so small we couldn't both stand up in the room at the same time, the room was dirty, and the standard of bedlinen wasn't good. However the bathroom wasn't too bad and was clean at least. The room had an interconnecting door to the next room where you might as well have invited the guests next door in as you could hear them so well.Customer care and job satitsfaction seems lacking here by the receptionist and manager. There was no hot water at all and when we complained were sent upto another room which was 2 flights of stairs up where surprise surprise there was no hot water. We were informed that as this hotel is in an old house there can be problems with water pressure and only after a lengthy converstation with a sour manager about the basic requirements of hot water in a hotel did we get a small amount taken off the cost of the room. We didn't risk breakfast and would have to say it is the worst hotel we've ever stayed in.	
Feb 2 2006	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	Welcome to the hostile hostel from hell! This seedy old dive is a hideously hateful hovel that probably wouldn’t be bad enough for Satan! It really is the PITS. On entering the room, the acrid stench of cheap pine disinfectant made my eyes burn. There was a half-full cup of putrid cold tea on the “hostility tray” resplendent with its own formed skin of congealed gunk on the top. The bed had been slept in &amp; the sheets not changed. The phone would not allow outgoing calls. The TV reception was so grainy it was literally unwatchable. The room had an internal door interconnecting with the neighbouring room, allowing next door’s noise to penetrate into your room, almost as if the neighbouring guests were actually with you IN your room. No milk, only powdered “creamer,” (expiry date May 2003 - I stayed there in Sep 2005!) a shower that was literally stone cold, staff that could not give a damn, and just dry toast for breakfast (the jam &amp; butter had run out!). Save your money and sleep on a park bench on Bayswater Road - honestly, it’s be more comfortable! Have stayed in zero star rated hotels that are ten times better than this dump. If you think I’m exaggerating, just try staying there. You’ll soon discover that its so-called “facilities” “amenities” and “services” are totally incongruent with a 3 star rating. A hotel where you can’t eat, relax, wash properly or sleep! This place just oozes discomfort and unpleasantness from every weeping pore! And I'm not exaggerating! Yuck! You would be well advised not to stay there.	
Jan 26 2006	Cheap and bad	I stayed a few days at Prinsce William in december. Even if the room was quite cheap, the quality was disappointing. No hot water in the shower, no cettle, no possibility to get an other room and no reaction after demand for price reduction.	
Jan 19 2006	Definitely Go back Next Time	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. It's in the heart of Paddington, very close to the tube station. We've stayed before in London hotels, but because of the good price with the discounted internet rates, the great location, the correct clean room, heating, lovely new toilet,change towels everyday, and breakfast (juice, cereals, toasts, butter, jam and cheese; buffet), we will definitely go back to this hotel next time in London. Spanish people don't have to think the stars level of the hotels they are used to in Spain. It's great if you are looking for a place to have a shower and sleep.	
Jan 4 2006	OK for basic small budget London hotel	Having read reviews ahead of stay, I was prepared for the worst. And I was there over a week. But it wasn't half bad. Only problem was a cold, cold room depite the best efforts of the radiator and a space heater. As I had a corner room, it meant I had two not very well insulated windows leaking cold air. Otherwise, hotel was quite good. Breakfast was more than the hard roll, juice and hot drink - they had bread for toasting (white or wheat) with some cheese and cereal (corn flakes or museli) in addition to joice (either apples or orange juice) and coffee/tea. Staff were pleasant. Other patrons ranged from the backpacking set to the more mature bunch. Asians, Europeans and Americans. Newly refurbished. I had no problem with the water - while not hot- hot, it was ok and the pressure was fine. I've sure stayed in worse! And I would return, but avoid a corner room.	
Dec 16 2005	Bad hotel	I stayed at the Prince William Hotel London from December 12th to 15th, 2005. My single room was more like a prison cell. Sheets were not changed. No hot water in the shower. I changed the room then. I've got hot water but the water pressure for taking a shower was awful. The heating didn't work in my new room, I was freezing. The young girl at the reception from eastern Europe was not friendly, no smile, no kind word. And so on ...Would I recommend this hotel, no!!!	
Nov 24 2005	Absolute dive cheap and nasty.	My wife and I stayed here for one night before getting the Eurostar across to Paris for a weekend. I'm very glad it wasn't any longer. The place is a health and safety nightmare! There are bare wires hanging in the halls and the lift seemed to be more than a little unreliable. I shudder to think what would happen if you were on one of the higher floors in the event of a fire!? The room was clean, and the positive notes end there. I have never seen wood flooring laid universally with a half inch gap from the wall all the way around. The bathroom was clean, but the toilet seat was loose, and the water pressure in the shower was laughable (we did actually laugh at it!). They do supply towels, but no soap or shampoo. Security was a concern, the door locks were not sturdy, and there were gaps under the doors of all the rooms that I saw. No noise insulation either. The mattress was thin and hard, although slightly better than a plank of wood. Pillows were ineffectual.  Breakfast was a crazy free-for-all in a bizarre basement . The guests seemed to be largely Eastern European and nothing else, which made it even more strange. We didn't eat. I know it's cheap (we got the room for £44 for two of us), but really don't do this to yourself. Please!	
Nov 7 2005	Very good stay	We had to attend a wedding, we were soaked on our way to the hotel as we could not get a taxi and worst of all we were running late.The staff were fantastic, we explained to the front desk person our problem and he gave us separate rooms ( spacious rooms) to have a shower and allow my girlfriend to get ready, in the meantime he had ordered us a taxi. This was unbelievable , what a service, as the housekeeper attended ironed some of my girlfriend's clothes. We even made it on time for the wedding.For the price we paid and the service we will definitely go back. A big thank you.	
Sep 28 2005	Hotel from Hell	My husband and I are just back from London having spent 5 days there. The Hotel was a disappointment to say the least. Although the web site stated the hotel had recently been refurbished when we arrived the painters were still there. Our room, although basic, initailly looked ok but satellite tv although mentioned in web site was non-existent, the shower had been taken out off the wall and the fan in the bathroom wouldn't switch off. We had also asked for a double room but were given a twin room much to my husband's relief(you'll realise why once you read on). When we went for breakfast on the first morning the continental breakfast turned out to consisit of two day old bread and cheese. Needless to say we ate out for breakfast the rest of our stay. You can put up with these things but it was when I woke up on Friday morning to find a bed bug on my pillow(at this point we didn't know it was a bed bug) that we were disgusted. Over the next few days more and more of the bugs appeared in my bed and by the end of our stay my bed and skin were both crawling!!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE.	
Aug 31 2005	One Star Hotel	Stayed 4 nights in Hotel and took a cold shower everyday. Both morning and night the water was cold. The mattress was very uncomfortable and it was like sleeping on the floor. Expect a very small room but this is not out of the ordinary for London Hotels. The breakfast consisted of toast, cereal, and juice, coffee or tea. Not many choices.  I would not stay at this Hotel again. The price may be lower but you get less than what you pay for. The only good thing about the Hotel was it's convenient location near Paddington Station and the staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 6 2005	BED BUGS IN 36 AND 44	We arrived at the hotel and everything seemed lovely, we were welcomed by friendly enough staff and the rooms looked ok at first glance. The first night was ok, the bed bugs appear that night however...I woke up at about 2ish in the second night and was thought i had woken up in some nightmare there were about 8 bugs crawling about over the bed. to make matters worse, because it was such a hot night and the fan was crap, we slept in little clothing revealing me tempting flesh for the bed bugs to bite. the bed bugs were pretty big althought they did vary in size. they were beetle- type looking, small black heads with a massive sack on their backs full of blood. i still feel sick just describing them.when you hit them all the blood squirts out - it was really awful. We complained but the didnt care about our problems. We still had another 3 nights left. it was pretty much the same 3rd 4th and 5th night. i tucked the quilt into the mattress thinking they were living in the mattress. however i was mistaken becuase on our last morning when we were packing i pulled the bed away from the wall to check incase anything had fallen down there. i was greeted by between 20-30 bugs all gathered in a group on the skirting board. The majority of them had backs full of blood. the bugs are very distinctive looking and impossible to miss. Some of them were bigger then 5p pieces absolutely sickening. i was screaming and jumping around at the site of them - they make my skin crawl. Dont go to this hotel, it was terrible we only had our room cleaned and bed linen changed on the 2nd day aswell as the room being infested by bugs. Afew bed bugs were also spotted in my friends room, room 44. DONT go to this hotel. save your skin.	
Jul 31 2005	Bed Bugs! Nice staff Broken toilet seat	FIrst night had bed bugs that bit all night. I still have bites that are healing. Went to complain at the front desk and the first thing he said was &quot; Are you checking out then?&quot; I said no, I would like to know what they planned on doing to take care of the problem. They offered to change rooms. New room was a little bigger and did not seem to have any bugs. No shower curtian, water pressure was low. I recommend taking shower in evening as trying to take a shower in the am, you will take a cold shower. Toilet seat was broken. We had to hold onto the wall to keep the seat from pinching our buttocks. Told staff and nothing was done about it while we were there. ( We were there a total of 9 days) No washcloths, but new towels everyday. Mattresses have seen better days and they had flat, hard pillows. Rooms were hot, and the small fan they provided, the cord would not reach the window, so we could pull cool air into the room. Remote control only turned the tv on. would not change the channels.Walls were very thin and we heard the neighbors tv and conversations every day. It would be helpful only if you were in trouble and needed helpBreakfast consisted of toast, cereal,tea, juice and coffee. Staff was friendly, but I definately would not return. The bed bugs certianly did it for me.The hotel was close to many tourist sites and pubs with good food. If you can deal with the problems we had, this is the hotel for you.	
Jul 19 2005	Bed Bugs Galore	We stayed in this Hotel because of the proximity to London. Reading your reviews I was convinced a previous guest was watching Big Brother on the TV. It was very hot so the window was open all the time. I thought the bed bugs I killed were beetles that had flown in. Until my wife had an alergic reaction to &quot;BED BUGS&quot; bite. Medical treatment confirmed this and a course of anti-hystamines slowly controlled the forty or so itchy bites all over her body. They took 4 weeks to disappear. Do not stay in this Hotel. Cheap is what it is, cheap is what you get.	
Jul 19 2005	Everything was good	We stayed with some friends at the hotel, seven of us it was a very good stay. Nice and friendly staff, very helpful especially with sightseeing and direction of entertainment venues. The discounted price on the internet made it even better as the location is great and the wooden flooring looks clean and fresh.We've stayed before in London hotels so we were expecting, small rooms, dark wallpapers,big pictures, carpets and dim lights. No tatty wallpapers, the light coloured wall with less pictures makes the room bright and cosy and the room did look fairly spacious. Love the bathrooms and the red chair in the breakfast room.We will definitely goback there.Mont	
Jun 21 2005	Very clean room 	Were a bit concerned with the previous remarks, but when we arrived there we were pleasantly surprise to see a tidy reception and obviously newly fitted carpet. Very helpful staff, specially whislt arranging for theatre and sightseeing tickets. Very clean room, very bright and the laminated wooden flooring helps very much. We have stayed in similar hotels before with tiny and dirty bathroom but we have to say that the bathroom was fantastic, all tiled up!.Love the red high chairs in the breakfast room.For the price we paid we will diefinetly go back as it is in a prime location.Steve	
Jun 14 2005	Worst hotel we've ever stayed in!	We stayed there for 2 nights in May 2005. We were slightly concerned when we arrived and saw an old upturned toilet pan, old beds and other rubbish piled up outside! The reception area was tatty with missing carpet on the stairs. There was a sign appologising for the mess due to 'refurbishment' but we suspect this may have been there for some time! We'd booked a double room but were given a room with 3 single beds cramed in so tight that we could not open the wardrobe doors! We had to literally climb over the beds. The whole hotel was very tatty. Breakfast was a complete joke - no coffee cups, a sad looking stack of cheese slices a pile of white bread and a long queue of people waiting for a slow toaster. The breakfast room was obviously a curry house at night. We walked out and sought breakfast elsewhere. The hotel website boast 3 English Tourist Board Crowns but the sticker on the door actually says 2002 and I suspect that it's changed hands since then (now run by Asians)	
Jun 6 2005	Loved the Prince	We were a bit hesitant because of the reviews, but we took the chance because of the fantastic discount and the excellent location. We check in early in the morning, we were tired from our flight but surprisingly the receptionist was very hepful and got a room ready for us in 30 minutes. Very clean room specially with the wooden flooring it looks brighter, nicely tiled bathroom and vey well decorated breakfast room. Will stay there again.Fran.	
Jun 5 2005	Good deal	Stayed there cause of the great deal I got. Friendly staff, excellent location very convenient in terms of going around the city and night buses helps too.Room was ok but but he bathrooms was of a very good standard. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 2 2005	Liked the hotel very much	We stayed in the hotel for three nights and we liked it a lot. The staff are very nice and helpfull, the hotel is clean and very convenient for shopping, sightseeing, eating out. We got a good deal. We will stay there again.	
May 13 2005	Awful	We arrived and the receptionist could barely speak English. We were given keys to room 25 but when we got to the room we found clothes and dirty washing in the wardrobe! We were then moved to a room in the basement which was not clean and was extremely basic. We were kept up all night by the noise of people using the toilet next to our bedroom. Breakfast was very basic. I'm still itching a week later. If you're staying in London it is worth paying the extra money for a decent hotel.	
Mar 2 2005	Dont bother	Stayed in this hotel in June 2005 when my friends went to see a concert. When we arrived we were given 2 double rooms instead of 2 twins. They then gave us 4 rooms over 4 floors, no where near each other and one of my friends received a room with no toilet.In my first room the shower tap came off and water came pouring out. The receptionist suggested that I could just leave it til the morning but as I had been sat in an airport for 10 hours that day, I was not up for that plus I couldnt sleep with the noise. They gave me another room but it needed updated. The floors are extremely thin as well and i could hear every word of a friends conversation in the room above.On the second night, we got twin rooms but the beds were on wheels and uncomfortable. The bathroom was tiny, water was cold and the room was really hot.The breakfast wasnt up to much either	
Feb 22 2005	Disgusting Prince William	I stayed there for three nights. There were insects that I killed and I saw red blood in them so, they have bitten me!Insect equals no hygienic conditions.Susan	
Jan 28 2005	Scabies and Closed Circuit Camera on Rooms	This hotel is digusting! My manager put me in this hotel because of the approximation to some shows I was performing in London. During my stay, the sheets were never changed even though the maids were seen coming in and out of the room. Toward the end of my stay, I noticed small bumps beginning to appear on my arms, back, chest, legs and fingers, by the time I reached Paris I realized that I contracted scabies from the hotel. In addition, I believe that the rooms are being bugged by a closed circuit TV. I returned in the early morning hours after performing a show and turned on the TV. At first I was not sure what I was watching but then I realized that this was a still camera focused on a woman sleeping in a hotel room, the camera stayed on her for a long time then switched to another room where I was watching a man sleeping. I studied the surroundings on the camera and realized that I was looking at a room in the Prince William Hotel. This placed creeped me out. My manager said that she tried to contact me there for three days at all hours and no one would answer the phone. AVOID this HOTEL!	
Jan 13 2005	It's a bugs life	We stayed in this hotel on 9th January 2005 for one night, or as part of our party found out, half a night, spending the remainder of the night in their car, itching and scratching. Room 47 was infested with bed bugs, occupants were moved to another room (35), also occupied by bed bugs. Traces of blood was found on bedding in room 34 and other guests also reported sightings of bed bugs. Hotel manager was very rude and dismissive of problem. We would never stay here again and would advise others to stay away	
Jan 3 2005	Under average	This is a typical cheap hotel in the Bayswater district. There are at least 100 of this kind in this district and I have tried 4 of them. I reserved a double room and it was SMALL (you can't be over 1.80 cm for this hotel). That led ut to complaining and we got a new one with to single beds that were ok, but this new room was in the basement with a lot of noise from the restaurant and the lobby/reception above us. It meant we did not sleep for 3 days.This is not an hotel I will stay at for another stay.The staff were nice.Seriously, I DON NOT understand why London got all these crappy hotels ?	
Dec 5 2004	very pleasant stay	Three nights November 16-19/04. Very courteous and professional staff. Was allowed to check in early as the room was ready - this was a bonus after a very long flight from Africa. Room was small, which is typically European, but very comfortable. Had a private bath and both the room and bath were extremely clean and well maintained. Breakfast was simple but adequate and hours were reasonable. Location was great - 5 minutes to Paddington underground. Enjoyed the 'old world' architecture of the hotel and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 3 2004	'Hotel' from hell...	Staff are disgustingly rude and abusive...I had to call Paddington Police because the individual on duty last week was so rude because I basically asked if they had a larger room. He held my credit card and wouldnt return it-finally the Police rescued it for me. They are anti-american saying &quot;get back to your ******* country&quot;. I was speachless. Didnt even stay one 1hr in that dump. My sister and I found a better deal and very pleasant hotel just around the corner. This is a very poorly run hotel. I aqll my years of travel I have never come accross such a bad welcome.	
May 17 2004	Bed Bugs in Room 36!	I am still itching and stinging from the bites that I recieved staying here, I have always tried to stay at the Prince William in the past and while small it was reasonable for the money, but this one took the cake, I complained to the front desk and was told they would take care of it, I was put back in the same room for the 2nd night, awoke at 2:45am with the blood sucking BUGS munching on me again. the next day I was moved but not after recieving over 80 bites! How disgusting to see critters running all over your bed. The Indian chap that moved me was surprised that I wasn't moved sooner, he was very nice and helpful, and actually the management there are very nice people, it's unfortunate this has happened, I will not take a chance again, you can...if you dare. They did give me a discount, but it was hardly worth the pain, which got worse, please be careful if you do chance it.	
Apr 29 2004	Not a bargain - even at this location	Too small, even for 2 small people. Is not a 3-star hotel! Inconvenient breakfast hours; theft of another group's luggage from the lobby in broad daylight did not get the proper attention from staff! Unbelievable!	
Apr 22 2004	Ideal	Ideal location. I found the room basic and not more than i expected for a London 3 star. The staff were helpful and the rooms small but clean with better bathroom than expected. Short walk 200mts to Heathrow express station and buses,underground.	
Apr 14 2004	almost unbelievably bad... almost.		
Apr 1 2004	Avoid		
Mar 16 2004	Never even unpacked...		
Mar 7 2004	Excellent value in great London location		
Feb 27 2004	Could be so much nicer		
Feb 12 2004 	Prince William should sue...		
Jan 28 2004	Great depending on room		
Dec 29 2003	Okay but seen better		
Jul 23 2003 	Unprofessional and rude manager		
Apr 23 2003	Prince Williams Hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	Genial!!!!		
Nov 1 2009	tout est petit !		
Aug 10 2009 	Sauve qui peut !!!		
Jul 27 2009 	attentions		
Jun 15 2009 	A eviter meme malgre son super emplacement geographique		
May 10 2009 	correct sans plus		
Mar 29 2009 	Grande déception		
Mar 19 2009 	Una pocilga		
Mar 9 2009 	Je vous le déconseille fortement...		
Mar 9 2009 	Seul avantage: l'emplacement...		
Feb 27 2009	Hotel Prince William Londres - Cutre		
Feb 19 2009 	Super bien situé		
Dec 27 2008 	Convegnente e accogliente		
Dec 14 2008 	Preis-/Leistung durchaus ok		
Dec 11 2008	Völlig in Ordnung		
Nov 13 2008	Keine gute Wahl		
Oct 22 2008 	Absolut in Ordnung!		
Sep 22 2008 	Prince William wenig königlich nie wieder		
Aug 11 2008	Nada recomendable mala relación calidad-precio		
Jul 22 2008 	Hellhörige Zimmer sonst OK		
Apr 6 2008 	Horrible pésimo		
Jan 4 2008 	Da evitare		
Nov 9 2007 	Sólo para medio dormir		
Oct 9 2007	Non per esigenti		
Mar 27 2007 	Nicht empfehlenswert		
