	Purely Business	Stayed there throughout my 10 days stay along with my colleagues, should say it was a very pleasant stay. i stayed in a single room, though the hotel has bigger and family rooms too and it was spacious for comfort, even though i spend much time working or out sightseeing. The hotel is one of those quite by-lanes of main london, i was told one of the bomb blast happened right in front of the hotel . We actually didn't have to take a taxi or even a bus to get to the client's place or for that matter wherever we wanted to go, be it restaurants for dinner or to nearest tube station, all was very much with-in 5-10 minutes walking distance. We could walk to most crowded place in London, the Piccadilly square in 10 min and still when came back to hotel, which is right opposite to a very silent and beautiful park with Mahatma Gandhi statue in it. Overall the hotel is very conveniently placed for all kind of activities and should mention the helpful staff which helped and advised rightly us in just about everything we approached them for, be it directions to indian restaurants nearby or booking us a taxi at odd time for the airport. thanks to well-defined process placed for guests.	
	I was quite comfortable here.	I stayed at the Tavistock for about a week and I was comfortable. The room was clean, the water in the bathroom was hot, the bed was fine, and thankfully, there was a lot of light over the bed for reading. When I checked in it was really hot and I asked them to turn off the heat which they did immediately. The breakfast was copious. It's true they're not very friendly but I don't need lots of personal attention. I want to stay there again this spring and I am very concerned about the reviews where a single traveler was bunked with other people and someone showed up at the door in the middle of the night. I hope the management reads these reviews.	
	Value for money in a great location	A friend and I stayed overnight on the way to the Eurostar, so we arrived at 11pm and left at 6.30 the following morning. I had been rather worried by the mixed reviews, but our room was perfectly adequate, with a very clean and well-equipped bathroom. The staff were friendly and helpful. Although we were leaving far too early for breakfast, which starts at 7, the staff at reception were anxious we at least tried arriving ten minutes earlier as we could probably be accomodated - as it happened, we had to leave earlier and the tea and coffee facilities in the room were all that we needed. The staff at reception were cheerful and friendly when we left, and couldn't be faulted. I would be very happy to stay there again.	
	Good for the money	We booked into the Tavistock at the last minute and were given a good room on the 8th floor, no complaints it was clean and adequate, we were facing the front of the hotel so there was a bit of road noise but it didn't keep us awake. The room was warm and cosy with tea and coffee making facilities, haridryer and TV. If you do stay here apparently the switch for the TV is near the bed.The Bathroom was clean and well equipped with towels soaps and shower gelThe reception staff were helpful and courteous, Lifts were fine, restaurant staff were friendly, breakfast was good - plenty to eat only complaint tinned tomatoes!! Excellent location near EustonWe hadn't read about on this hotel and if we had we wouldn't have stayed and we would have missed out on a good clean reasonably priced hotel in London.	
Nov 21 2009 	Bloody awful!	I think trusting your customers and treating them with respect is a core value of the hospitality industry. At the TH I found neither. Staff are surly and unfriendly and I found some of the practices bizarre. Haridryers have to be collected from housekeeping and with a 20 pound deposit payable. To get the deposit back you have to produce a receipt; one would think putting the precious hairdryer on the desk would be enough. To make phone calls you have to have the line unblocked and then once the call is made, I had to deal with getting a little reminder note about the 'extras' under my door. I am a grown-up, I think I can deal with my own expenses. My continental breakfast that I ordered on room service consisted of 4 slices of toast and jam. WiFi is only available in the foyer and bar. Excellent location, but horrible hotel!	
Nov 20 2009 	should be demolished	It's a tip, reception, bar and meals fine but the rooms are tiny. The window was jammed open and we thought we were sleeping in the street it was so noisy.	
Nov 13 2009 	terrible hotel	Very small rooms,bathrooms in bad conditions.Triple rooms are not really triple rooms in size.They just put a small cod in a double room so you can not even walk around. Breakfast bad.	
Nov 11 2009 	Gross stay away from this ancient ruin!!!	This hotel needs a major overhaul. It's stuffy, old, dirty &amp; moldy. Beware the lifts are slow and the rooms are bad, I've never seen rooms this bad before, the bathroom doors are sliding so they never close. Old and ugly, take your money elsewhere.	
Nov 10 2009 	Decent enough hotel	I found this hotel ok overall. Not the best but you get what you pay for. The location is great. So close to all the good places in London and safe enough area at night. It was very warm in the rooms though and this seems to be a problem the hotel staff have no control over. Pretty small rooms too.If you just want somewhere clean and safe to sleep and arnt expecting brilliant service or food then I would recommend this place. Probably better suited to younger people. Also the bowling alley underneath it is great!	
Nov 5 2009	Excellent location	This hotel is perfectly situated for sight seeing, shopping etc. The room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast was really good, plenty of choice and very tasty! The complimentary meal on the first night was not so good in Jaques Bistro, we should have gone to Poppadom Express instead (you have a choice of venues). The staff were very friendly. The lounge bar was pleasant. Would stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Not great!	Stayed for 3 nights. Small dull room, warm and stuffy (in Oct). Very noisy street below so hard to sleep even with window closed. Basic things like hairdryer or sachets of shampoo missing. Small bathroom with bath/shower, but clean. Breakfast - ok but not great - staff service pretty poor due to general attitude, especially the manager who just pointed you in a general direction when you walked in the room. One girl sat at our designated table and was abruptly told to move by a staff member. If the staff were clear where people should sit this wouldnt happen. Coffee tasted 'off' to me, and orange juice was watered down - a 1st in my experience.About the only good thing about this hotel is the location in Bloomsbury - 15mins walk from St Pancras Station, and a direct bus route or tube into the city centre. I would recommend use of the buses more than the tube, as my sis got her purse stolen in the tube.	
Nov 2 2009 	Terrible!!!	Someone called the room telephone at 03.51am and two minutes later, someone attempted to enter the room. I went down to confront the front of house and work out what happened, but the Filipino staff were extremely unhelpful. Ricky, the Filipino night supervisor then accused me of staying in a vacant room - he questioned why I had a card to the room. He then shouted at my friend to say 'I wasn't speaking to you', and then threatened me with saying 'I'll charge you for the room if you go back to it!'Utterly disappointed and frustrated that the night time staff are completely diabolical. Day staff were professional, but breakfast staff have difficultly with customer service (again most were Filipino) After my AWFUL incident at 4am in the morning, I moved straight away to a much better hotel by Hyde Park where the service was good, and rooms much better. DO NOT USE TAVISTOCK HOTEL ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A LONE FEMALE TRAVELER!	
Oct 20 2009 	Shame the breakfast staff have an attitude	Nice Hotel and location. Rooms clean but smallBreakfast food ok.Staff at breakfast, rushed off their feet, which made them rude.We were advised to seat in an area. Once we were seated my friend saw we had no cutlery. So asked a member of staff for some. Was told very abruptly that a table just a few done was already made up. We of course felt like an inconvience. No what I expect. Also no Tea and coffee was offeredHotel breakfast staff let this establishment down. Will not be returning or recommending.	
Oct 13 2009 	Central location but soul-less and rude staff	My boyfriend and I managed to get a night's stay in this hotel at the last minute which was good. The room was clean with clean sheets and towels. However I felt the staff were rude and did not even bother to present a friendly and welcoming face. When I went to ask a question at the reception, they didn't look at my face when answering my question. The staff at the dining area appeared very busy even during breakfast, not even bothering to greet you in the morning. The worst was the concierge who did not give us the best rate for a taxi to the airport and only did so when a Londoner friend of mine probed. They way he spoke to us was also veyr rude. I would rather stay in a smaller hotel, with more personalised and friendly service, even if I have to pay more than stay in this hotel again in London.	
Oct 13 2009 	Absolutely Marvelous I highly reccomend this hotel.	Hello,I have just returned from a wonderful weekend at Tavistock Hotel. We occupied rooms 519 and 520 with adjoining door. It was perfect for our situation as carers for a young married couple who have &quot;learning dissabilities&quot;. Our rooms were beautiful and obviously recently refurbished. I would like to sincerely thank your housekeepers for a splendid job.They were kept spotlessly clean and the room service officer or chambermaid obviously takes great pride in her work. Thank you.The receptionist staff were always courtious and polite sometimes dealing with difficult customers. Thank you.And the day time porters who were forever answering my questions for directions to here and there, nothing was too much trouble.Thank you.In the restaurant we were seated just inside the door and waited on with great pleasure by a mature lady with shoulder length hair, maybe Spanish or Maltese? sorry no name but she was lovely. The cooked breakfast was buffet style and plenty of it. ceareals, fruits, fruit juices, sausages bacon eggs scrambled and poached tomatoes baked beans toast fresh rolls , did I miss anything?The bathrooms had new soaps and shower jels every day with sumptous towels, bath and hand and face cloths too. It was imaculate. We had a tray of tea and coffee facilities in the room and it was replenished daily too. The flat screen tv with freeview was excellent reception.. Very handy for late and early news.In all we had a very enjoyable weekend at the theatre and the cinema and at the conference for which we had travelled to from south Devon.I very nearlly cancelled my booking after reading reports by others on trip advisor, am I glad I did not?!!	
Oct 12 2009 	Maybe you get what you pay for	This was a pretty cheap trip to London costing £160 for 2 nights, but the hotel was a little shabby and lacked any soul, but if all you want is somewhere to sleep it was cheap and sort of cheerful ! We specifically requested a double room but only got a twin and we thought we had booked a full english breakfast but only got continental, to be honest though that didnt seem to make much difference as no-one seemed to check anyones ticket when we were there ! and the breakfast we had was sufficient if a little haphazard and I am pleased I didnt pay the additional £4.50 to upgrade!	
Oct 10 2009 	Affordable central London hotel	A friend who invited me to speak at his London university suggested I book a room here. The rooms are pretty basic, but they're perfectly adequate for most people's purposes. It's not far from Covent Garden, which is a great area in which to hang out. The fact that there's free breakfast was a big plus in London, where food is expensive. I mentioned it to a friend, who also then stayed there, and she was grateful for the tip.	
Sep 25 2009 	Extremely great value and superb English free buffet	This is just one of the Imperial Hotel chains in London that I had the pleasure to stay in for my fall trip! The hotel was great. I must say tho that the help that these hotel at the front desk are all a tad rude. I've stayed at the Bedford and the County Inn and those two sister hotels also had a few snippy front desk girls. Other that the first experience it did not leave any other bad memories. The hotel is a great value and the location is wonderful. Would i stay there again,. you bet!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Very basic but perfectly adequate for our short stay	Bit apprehensive after reading some quite negative reviews on this hotel. However my family and I enjoyed our short stay here. Rooms are very basic and ours had a bit of a musty smell but as we were out sight-seeing all day we didn't spend much time in rooms. Staff were friendly, especially concierge, and breakfast delicious - set us up nicely for the day. Very handy for Tube and buses. Even after checking out we were still able to leave our cases with them whilst we did a last bit of shopping and sight-seeing. All in all a very pleasant stay and we certainly didn't encounter any of the problems I'd read about in previous reviews.	
Sep 21 2009 	this is disgusting!!!!!	stayed here for a long weekend with my wife,first room was right above the nightclub noise was horrendous didnt get to sleep until 4.00 am,room was filthy ,the bed was a complete joke,changed rooms on the saturday,upon turning the shower on water shot everywhere.rang housekeeping was told they would send a plumber up well 2 hours passed no plumber arrived,went out upon arrival back at room someone had been and taken out the showerhead and pipework but not replaced it so no shower at all!!!no apology at all was given.so if you require a hotel in london and want your stay to be completely ruined then this is the hotel for you!!!BOOK IT AT YOUR PERIL	
Sep 20 2009 	Not worth staying here to save money	Pluses -Nice Buffet style Breakfast served until 10:00 AM with eggs, toast, cereal, sausage, bacon and more!Free Wifi in the lobbyClean sheetsLocation near underground (but everything is near underground)Concierge is helpfulMinuses -No individual room A/C or heat controlRooms are incredibly old and smallFeels and smells like a dusty hostelKills the mood the city outside gives you	
Sep 20 2009 	GOOD VALUE - GREAT LOCATION	We were a little apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews however, we were delighted to discover that the hotel was ideal for our requirements. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful and the room, albeit it small, was clean and perfectly adequate. The rooms were cleaned daily and a problem we encountered with the toilet flushing system was dealt with efficiently. In fact we were immediately given access to a vacant room opposite our own until the problem was resolved. The continental breakfast met our expectations and the dining room was pleasant. All in all an enjoyable stay in an excellent location. S&amp;B, Israel	
Sep 5 2009 	Right out of the 30's; perfect for Bloomsbury!	This is convenient to two tube stations and constant buses. Nicely located on a little park, with a short walk to the British Museum in one direction and several blocks to Euston station and the British Library in the other. Although this has been renovated, it is still very much a period piece. Internet is only available in the lobby area. Bathroom is basic. A substantial hot (very ordinary) and cold (limited choices) breakfast.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good Location and Excellent Bargain	Having heard horror stories of London hotels, especially as far as price and cleanliness go, I was a little hesitant to book a hotel that was only £65 a night. But, there were some good reviews and the location looked great, so I went ahead and booked for the first four nights of my stay in London. I was very pleasantly surprised.The hotel is a bargain hotel. That is the bottom line. That said, it exceeded my expectations. I arrived from the States on a Sunday and did some visiting before checking in. Though it was before the stated check in time, I was given a room right away. It was on a top floor overlooking Woburn Pl. During my week there, yes I extended my stay for the full 7 nights I was in London, I had no problem with noise. The room was clean and I had a huge bathtub in the bathroom, a nice touch. The bed was small but comfortable and the room was made up every day. The only complaint was that the room was warm, but I know not to expect air conditioning in a budget hotel in the UK or Europe. Breakfast was a very pleasant surprise. It was a full English Breakfast served in a pleasant dining room. The staff was pleasant and accommodating. The location of the hotel is great, perfect for getting around all of London. Tavistock Square is right across the street and is a gem. The Russell Square tube station is just a short walk away, there are numerous and very convenient bus lines right outside, and the rail stations are just a hop away. This was very convenient as one morning I had to get a very early train for Paris. There are a few reasonable places to eat in the area, which is welcome in a city as expensive as London. There is a great take away that I discovered my next to last day about a block east on Tavistock Place.London is one of the great cities of the world. This was my first trip back in about 35 years, though I am in Europe regularly. My MO is to wander about as much as I can, both far and wide. For this I got a weekly pass for most of the London area. I picked it up at Gatwick Airport and it turned out that it also gave me a reduction on my train ticket into London. I recommend getting to know the buses. They are complicated, but what a good way they are to get around London and to really get to see it. In fact, I have never had any problem with getting on the wrong, or any, bus and seeing where it would take me. I know that it would take a lifetime to begin to know London, and the buses are a good place to start.	
Sep 3 2009 	At the decrepit end of shabby...	' A good location and after gutting and the investment of 20 -30 million pounds or so could become a passable 4 star. At the moment, it is a hair's breadth from a pack packers' hotel ... who else but impoverished 18 yr olds could be expected to put up with poorly insulated rooms, no air conditioniing, no mini bar, no hair dryer, no room service, no internet and tiny rooms featuring time warp 1970's furnishings, includiing a clunky old box TV that received 3 channels...( not to mention cakes of gift wrapped carbolic soap worthy of Romania circa 1978?). As for the staff.. they seemed resigned to being on a sinking ship and were just counting the days until it goes under....They were certainly did not seem interested in trying to save it.	
Aug 27 2009 	Hot Hot Hot !	I've been here a few times. There is no in room control of temperature. Its a big hotel in an old building. If they have the heat cranked up it can be unbearable but they don't have any real incentive to do anything about it. Their good location means they can squeeze a lot of business out of a very basic product..	
Aug 18 2009 	Ok hotel but needs updating	The outside of the hotel looks quite impressive but doesn't quite make up for it when you go inside. There is a park opposite which is really nice and Russell Square tube is a 5 minute walk down the road. The room was ok size but the hotel was really hot, even in September and the room didn't have AC which it badly needed, either that or a good fan!The hallways and lifts were the same, just too hot. I had to sleep with the window wide open which took ages to get to sleep with the obvious London roar going on 24/7.The room i stayed in was high up and i felt like i was in the roof. The window semed really flimsy expecially so high up which i didn't like as i have a bit of a height phobia.The bathroom was ok, everything worked fine. I didn't actually spend a lot of time in the hotel due to work and just spending time out in London.The room had a TV but it didn't work!The breakfast was ok. All the usual things available and the staff were nice.Overal, it's an ok place to stay but there are many more better. For a similar price, you could stay at a Holiday or Premium Inn which are cleaner, modern and have AC in the rooms.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice area hotel could use some updates	Chose this hotel because it was reasonably priced and not far from Kings Cross / St. Pancras station where I was arriving. Located in a nice neighborhood, directly across from a lovely sitting park. Staff was friendly enough, although many appear to not speak very good English. Service was basic at best. Actually had to tell one of the breakfast staff that I would not move to a smaller table so they wouldn't have to clean the larger one I chose. Rooms are well proportioned, however, there is no ventilation system in this hotel AT ALL. During the summer months, the upper floors are stifling. Will look for better service and comfort next time.	
Aug 9 2009 	value for money hotel with a great location	Having just returned from a two night stay in this hotel, having read the reviews before I left, I was very weary to what I had booked, however I was delighted with what I found, and enjoyed my stay so much that I will very likely use this hotel again. We had  booked 3 twin rooms which were located on the 7th floor, (the bonus was that we got two with ajoining doors) they were very clean and comfortable and of good size for a London hotel. We arrived early and was able to leave our luggage at no extra cost, and on departure used the service again and the porters couldnt have been nicer. We ate in Jacques the first night, the food was ok but nothing special,(probably wouldnt use that option again) Breakfast was a buffet excellent with a good choice, it was kept well stocked and everything was hot. In a whole I would book this hotel again, having stayed at other imperial hotels the Tavistock for friendleness, cleanlieness and location ticks all the boxes for me.	
Aug 2 2009 	Reception Staff Unfriendly	My granddaughter and I have just returned from a 3 day Paris - 3 day London trip. We stayed 3 nights at the Tavistock Hotel from July 25th through July 28th (checking out on July 28th). The hotel was clean and had a good continental breakfast each morning. Our room was comfortable but very warm. Thank goodness we had a window to open for air because the room felt &quot;stuffy&quot;. We were given one towel per person per day, but no bath mat to stand on, no hand towels, and of course no face towels. (I did rememger to pack some face towels). I had a problem with a tour we had booked and paid for prior to the trip, and needed to fax a copy of the voucher to the Tour Company. The staff told me their fax machine was down, and I could go around the corner to send the fax....only to find out their machine was down too. The staff seemed unconcerned even when they saw this stressed me out a great deal. My granddaughter had to put up a 20 Pound deposit to get a hair dryer which was later refunded. It was not a bad hotel and was kind of centrally located but the staff just seemed very unfriendly and helpful. We also had to put up a 10 pound deposit to use the phone. We could not dial any 800 number because the hotel phone system was not set up to take 800 numbers. I forgot to mention that I had to go to the bar to get 2 glasses of water.	
Jul 25 2009 	pleasantly surprised	we booked this hotel fairly last minute for a city break with our children and only read the reviews after we'd booked so were very wary on what to expect as most of the reviews were fairly negative .we arrived at twelve and check in was at 2 , but we were allocated our twin rooms straight away , id e- mailed in advance and asked for rooms at the front and next to each other away from the bar and bowling alley in the basement of the hotel( worth a visit) we were given rear rooms which overlooked everyone elses rooms with a sheer drop 7 floors up not for the young or faint hearted! the rooms are very hot and stuffy with no air con but not surprising for the age of the building and it didnt spoil our stay at all the rooms were basic but clean with the bedding and towells changed every day and the rooms cleaned thoroughlywe booked direct and were given a 3 course complimenary dinner on the first night which we took in jacques bar within the hotel but could have opted for a further 4 hotels within the group, it was a nice meal with a choice of food for each course, drinks not included , it was good not to have to find somewhere to eat on the first nights staythe breakfast was good with a choice of continental of full english or both you could go up to the buffett as many times as you liked and fresh tea and coffe were brought to your table upon request.the staff were all pleasant and the hotel was comfortablethe location is excellent and within easy walking distance of euston staion and russell square tube station with a selection of shops for every day supplies along the wayalso the bus tour companies are situated around the corner from the hotel worth a tour but haggle with the price , we did and got a discount of seven pounds per person )all in all i would recomend this hotel for it comfort and great location and for value for money	
Jul 24 2009 	Art Deco reception great breakfasts	I often stay at the Tavistock or one of their sister hotels and have done for the last 15 years at least 4 times a year- I love the Tavistock lobby of pink granite and art deco fixtures and fittings (They are pretty modern repros) They are great value and always quite pleasurable to stay there. Obviously there are sometimes mix-ups or minor problems with rooms (These hotels are VAST!) but where else can you leave a note for the Managing Director at reception? We usually end up staying at the front of the hotel overlooking Tavistock Square- which is fine for us- a lot of people ask to be moved to the rear rooms away from the road noise (Hey- it's a city!) but it really isn't too bad. There is no air conditioning in the rooms but again- welcome to England- it is rarely warm enough to justify it. The breakfasts are all freshly made and I know that the milk, sausages and bacon etc come from their own farms in Hatfield. There's lift service, porters and bag storage if you are going to have a last minute walk around town but need to check out. Room phones are easy to use, TV is there and functional with information channels as well but to be honest you don't go to a new city to watch TV!. The dining room can be hectic as you do get a lot of people crowding in at the last minute. The only reason there are no dryers or irons in the rooms are that hardly anyone uses them but they are available on request (I was given free use of a self service laundry when i had splashed coffee on my shirt!) The only thing I really don't like is the coffee in the rooms- It is powdered but the water in London is so hard it never makes terribly good coffee (and ive never used the milk powder) . On balance though- a good hotel and better than most others in the same class- I have stayed at others WAY more expensive- yeah they have a hairdryer, yes they have cream for the room coffee but not worth an hundreds of pounds more- I recommend the Tavistock.	
Jul 22 2009 	Small and old but a great location	We stayed at the Tavistock for three nights and had a good experience overall. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They answered all of our questions and helped us on several occasions. The room was very small and rather old and worn but comfortable and suited our needs well for the price. Be sure to book directly with them to take advantage of a free three course meal on the first night of your stay. We did however, have to ask to get the coupon for that meal. It was close enough to Russell Square that we were able to walk from the tube to our room with our luggage quite easily. The neighborhood is nice and seems v ery safe. The breakfast was okay, but not fantastic. But the buffet was free and the room it was in was very nice. Overall a great deal for the money.	
Jul 19 2009 	A hotel which has not been updated since the 1970's !	If your expecting a modern, clean &amp; welcoming hotel, don't book here! The hotel is extremely dated and shabby. The rooms are dark and small they face onto a central block of other rooms, after having moved from a room above the bar the next one was no better with the noise from a constant air conditioning unit outside keeping you awake all night. There are no mod cons, the best sign stated that you could send a fax between the hours of 9 am and 5 pm!Saying that the hotel was pretty full, breakfast is included in the price and it is an excellant location I would though suggest that you try either the Travelodge or the Premier Inn which are both in the same area, where at least you should get clean modern rooms.	
Jul 12 2009 	You get what you pay for	Don't come here expecting luxury or premium service. This is an old hotel and it shows, but it's a bargain price for London and an excellent location. Rooms are small and basic, the decor is worn and shabby, as are the bedspreads and shower curtains, and it's almost inevitable that there will be mould somewhere in the bathroom, but I have no complaints. The bathroom, bedsheets and pillows were clean, the TV worked (couldn't get Channel 5 but there's rarely anything I want to watch on it, and unusually it did have ITV2 and Film4 as well as a German and an Italian channel), there was ample soap, towels and toilet paper, and the reception staff were friendly and efficient. I was on the 4th floor and was not troubled by noise or by the view of the central plant machinery. If you don't want people in other rooms to see you, you can draw the curtains. The weather was warm, but I didn't need to open a window. I would never expect to have air-conditioning for £65 a night including English breakfast. Breakfast offered a good spread of the usual stuff, as well as kippers, which I'd say is a definite plus although I don't eat them myself. The only warning I would give is to try to avoid peak time at breakfast. I was there at about 8.00am on a Saturday and by the time I left at about 9am there was a long queue waiting to go in.	
Jul 4 2009 	Perfect Location	Having been there for five nights in February, I'd rate it as a pretty ok hotel. It's relatively short walking distance to the nearby tube station, makes it very accessible to Heathrow Airport and Down town. for those who prefer not to dine at the hotel, there are loads of corner shops and Tesco's 24-hour outlet 6 minutes walk away.The Buffet Breakfast was ideal. the only shortcoming of the hotel is the very small beds they provided.	
Jun 28 2009 	A night of pure torture	The music from the bar kept us awake until 4 in the morning. Because the rooms were so stuffy we had to keep the windows open, and the smell of cigarettes (and worse) kept drifting into our room. Finally got to sleep around 5 to be woken up around 8 by the bottles from the night club being disposed.	
Jun 24 2009 	Worse than the Bates Motel.	Rooms were awful, not worth more than $25.00 per night. Dining room staff was rude. Dining room smelled and tables were dirty. Imagine a spoiled and overpowering rotten fish smell first thing in the morning.Had to pay a deposit for a hair dryer and go to the housekeeping office for shampoo. Beds had large depressions in them and pillows were little more than a one inch piece of foam. We reserved our rooms with a buy one night get one night offer and even then they were not worth the price. When we checked out we received a receipt for the correct amount, but when we got home our credit card had been charged for two rooms every night. We are working with the credit card company to correct the overcharge. DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Jun 21 2009 	Home from home	Stayed here now half a dozen times ideal location for St Pancras and centre of London.Breakfeast excellent always freshly made varied choice.Bar reasonable prices wine £2 per glass Stella £3 per pint cheaper than at local !!	
Jun 7 2009 	Cheap hotel great location	I stayed at the Tavistock hotel for one night. It is in a very good location, a 10 minute walk from Kings Cross station, close to Russell Square tube station. Walking distance to many central London locations - about 15-20 minutes walk away from Oxford Street. It is a clean and basic. Breakfast was included in the room rate, it was an average cooked English breakfast. I ate dinner on the Jaques wine bar which is part of the hotel, again it was average. The room was small but clean and comfortable, with TV including quite a few freeview channels. There was a kettle and two each of tea bags, coffee sachets and milk. sachets.There was also a trouser press. The bathroom had mini soap but no other toiletries. Overall OK - I would stay here again just because of the combination of cheap price with excellent location.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good value for money	Nice clean hotel, free internet access. Close to bus and subway stations. It's a good hotel for a reasonable price.	
Jun 1 2009 	great location but no air con	we arrived at euston station mid afternoon which conveniently is just 5 min walk away from the hotel, upon entering from the grand exterior of building we was grunted at by the eastern european receptionist and had our swipe cards practically threw at us, we proceeded to our room 631 which is 6 floors up and another 2 min walk threw the corridors, we entered the room which felt like the temperature was at 180 degrees, scrambling for the air conditioner we was horrified to find that there wasn't one.we just had to open the window and leave for the city.the room itself was extremely small yet perfect for what we needed it for.breakfast is self service and wasn't great ,we left shortly after as the temperature was rising, as we checked out we was totally ignored.for the price it was average but the service left a lot to be desired.	
May 28 2009 	Disgusting hotel - needs the hotel inspector!	I stayed at this hotel as I was booked to attend a exam board meeting, but was using the trip for leisure also. I went down with my partner who shares my feelings on this hotel. It was foul! I book in prior to the book in time of 2pm and actually booked out 30 minutes later - still prior to the official book-in time. The staff at reception were rude and when we arrived at our room it became apparent to us that it had not been cleaned recently - if ever! Wallpaper was peeling off the walls, the room smelled, the towels were threadbare and the bathroom left a lot to be desired. The room did not fit at all with the pictures that are posted on all the websites. I registered my disgust with the reception who said &quot;well you will still be charged&quot;.Shame as it is in a great location. I've emailed the hotel describing my brief (230 minute!) stay but am as yet to hear back from them!	
May 26 2009 	like a student hostel	Stayed 4 nights May 2009. Family with 2 kids: 1 dbl bed + 2 singles. Had enough room. Reminded me of a dorm or student hostel: ugly, outdated, but clean, not pleasant to stay in. . No lamps, one main switch controlled flourescent lights. Rude staff, don't expect help from them. Basic soap provided, nothing else, no washclothes, towels threadbare. Front desk staff poor. No radio, No clock, No iron. Did have a hairdryer though. One plug in room to recharge electrics. Next visit, I'm going elsewhere.	
May 26 2009 	Feet definately not firmly on the ground	We booked a triple room and received a twin with a fold up camp bed. The beds were pushed so close together it looked as if a king sized bed had been squashed into a single room. We couldn't even put our feet on the floor to make a cup of tea!!! The bedding looked as if it had definitely seen better days and could have done with a liaison with a washing machine (although it may have fallen apart). When we complained we received a short, sharp response along the lines of &quot;it was our fault for booking and there was nothing they could do&quot; - don't worry, we won't be booking again.The scrambled eggs tasted as if they'd been made with very mature milk and the staff looked as though they had recently had a taste of this sour ingredient!!!! Would I recommend this hotel...............don't be ridiculous!!!!	
May 14 2009 	This place was baaaad not family friendly at all.	First, we walked in to a room with two twin beds instead of two fulls like we had expected. I guess a &quot;double&quot; room does not mean the same thing as it does in the states. We had to push the twin beds together to fit two adults and one child in the room. The view out the window was of the center of the hotel. All we saw was a machine of sorts. An air conditioning unit? though there was no AC in our room. London never got hot enough to expect an AC in a hotel room but the hotel itself was an oven. We had to leave the window open to cool off but since we were facing the inside of the hotel (it's set up in a square) everyone could see inside our room and we could see inside everyone else's rooms.The first thing our son did when we got there was open the door to run out in the hallway. We locked it but it made no difference since the lock would unlatch with a turn of the handle. We had to keep the window shut while he was awake because he could easily climb out of it and fall to his death. We fried. It was so hot in there.At one point my husband had to shave and couldn't make warm water because there are two separate knobs for each temperature. Granted he could fill the sink with warm water but if you like to rinse soap off your hands or face with warm clean water, you're screwed. Either cold or hot. There's an outlet in the bathroom with European and American plugs but they are outdated with the wrong voltage and the American plug won't fit the new types of prongs with one side that is wider.The &quot;iron available upon request&quot; is an ironing room on the first floor. They don't have irons for individual use.We were forced to pay for a crib for our toddler for our entire stay due to &quot;safety reasons&quot; but were delivered something that was two seconds from falling apart. Again, something completely outdated, a wooden crib that I doubt meets the safety standards of today. Total waste of money and hotel space. We didn't have much to start with.Absolutely no ammenities. We had bars of soap and towels. Bare minimum! No wash cloths, no shampoo. TP was scarce and I prayed that we wouldn't run out every day. The internet access is a public use computer in the lobby, 1 pound per 15 minutes. I had to help people figure out how to use it every time I walked by and when I used it, I had to lean over at a weird angle so my wrists wouldn't cramp up. I saw people using laptops in the lobby so I assume they have wireless access in that area. Not sure about the rest of the hotel but our room did not have it.We hardly spent any time in our room at all. We were only there in the evenings after we were done site seeing and eating dinner and we were still incredibly unhappy with this place. The pictures on the site make it look wonderful! I'm sure that the room they show for display is the BEST room they have.Forgot to mention the elevators/lifts were tricky and many times I had to hold the button down to get it to move.If you want room service in the morning you have to call ahead the night before.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent location average hotel	Gets three stars because of location and price. Just down from Euston rail and tube and three minutes from Russel Square Tube and 12 minute walk away from Tottenham Court Road/Oxford Street. Means you don't need to rely on any form of transportation if You have been enjoying nightlife in the West End. The hotel is a bit worn-out. Beds are very average and rooms are clean but looks a bit tired. A good place to stay if comfort is not your priority number one.	
May 5 2009 	Not even a 2 star hotel	If you want a no frills hotel then this is for you. The room was very unmodern (ie needs to be done up) there was no air conditioning so be prepared to be baked if weather is hot. Furnishing was definately turn of the century. Rom was really basic and so was bathroom. Breakfast was included in the price so went down on first morning to breakfast. The breakfast itself wasn't anything special,my nephew of 5 could of done better. Service at breakfast was out of this world, I saw a waiter, get a used cup of tea, rinsed the cup out with a little bit of tea and then filled the cup with tea and gave it to a customer. Would that put you off breakfast? knowing you might be drinking or eating off someone else's plate? If you really want a cheap hotel then go for the travel lodge which is roughly the same price and go to mcd's for breakfast.	
May 4 2009 	Would not recommend this hotel...	Stayed here for 3 nights- very basic and needs updating. I requested for a hair dryer twice - but they were all taken already- so I would recommend people bring their own. Also I think there are hygiene issues with the food at breakfast- so was put off after eating there once. But otherwise the location was very convenient.	
May 3 2009 	Basic hotel- great location	Very basic hotel, but clean.We arrived at about 12.30am and ther was no problem checking in at that late hour, equally we had no problem checking out at 3 am on the day of our departure either.The room was small and dated but clean and thats good enough as we weren´t really planning on doing anything but sleep there anyway. The beds were hard however and we did hear the noice from the bar/bowling in the basement, our room was on the 2nd floor.The location is great though, Russel Square tube station is only a few minutes walk away, as is the Goodge street tube station.If you need a cheap hotel and is more concerned about location that comfort, this is a decent enough hotel.	
Apr 30 2009 	A positive review	I just spent 12 days at the Tavistock with about 20 friends for our &quot;Fan Fest 2009&quot; trip to see Dame Judi Dench perform in Madame de Sade. We chose this hotel because it is reasonably priced, conveniently located and offers a free breakfast.We found the hotel to be clean, safe and friendly. We did not experience the noise and problems that are mentioned in other reviews here.The staff was very helpful and allowed us to gather late at night in the lobby to use our laptops and to sit around visiting and having fun.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good location basic acommodation	Only deserves 2 star rating. Rooms very basic. The plumbing was making a hell of a din during the morning water demand. The bathroom looked in need of a makeover and the ceiling was patched with mildew mould which was very unattractive, the extractor fan seemed ineffective. Take your own shampoo/shower gel as all you get is a 2&quot; x 1&quot; piece of soap. Had to keep the window closed all night because of the outside noise from the A/C units. Breakfast was OK although a very busy self-service restaurant. Used the side restaurant for lunch, the food was average.	
Apr 23 2009 	Economical good value clean great location.	Booked last minute by phone to hotel, very easy £65 for a single, asked for an inside room- which doesnt get you views of Tavistock Square but does keep traffic noise away. Gave me a room on the 8th floor, 841 looking inside the courtyard, slight noise from air conditioing machinery all night but keep double glazed windows shut and okay. Nice room, basic but the options for £65 near Euston ( needed for early train next day) are limited to small B&amp;B's with varying states of cleanliness. Room clean, a small double bed, nice sized bathroom, tea tray, nothing to complain about- the bed castors allowed the bed to move a bit, so wedged the dressing table chair against side of bed. For one night stay everything fine, a good nights sleep. Breakfast hectic at 8.15 but soon quietened down, the main man was very efficient walking around helping you find a table and getting waitiers across to sort your tea and coffee. Buffet adequate, loads of jams and buttter on each table - trays of hot toast appeared regularly from the kitchen. Checkout simple and fast. Didn't use the bars so can't comment. As for noise from the nightclub others mentioned, I'd just ask for a room at the back if you want a quiet nights, no view except other hotel windows, but at least less noise. I'd stay again as clean, budget en-suite rooms are hard to find in central London.	
Apr 23 2009 	This was a good hotel but no more...	Based on my previous good experience with this hotel, I booked 3 rooms for me and my 4 traveling companions for 7 nights in April 2009. What was once a great little budget motel is now a rundown nightmare. We had the same problems mentioned in previous reviews - noise from the lounge and bowling alley every night. Since the Tavistock has no air conditioning, sleeping with the windows open is a necessity when the weather is less than cold. However it is impossible with the racquet going on until 0230 or 0300 hours every night from the bowling alley and/or bar. Even closing the windows had no effect. The music and loud partying was so loud that closing the windows only had the slightest effect. The partying seemed to mostly come from the lounge guests at the hotel spilling out onto the front sidewalk to smoke.In addition to the constant noise after 7 p.m., the bed was so bad that at 11 p.m., I got up, got dressed, went down to the front desk and told them they HAD to get me a bed I could sleep in. I've never had a night's sleep interrupted by an uncomfortable bed - I can sleep on just about anything but this bed was awful. It wasn't just mine as I heard complaints from other guests in the elevators every morning. The front desk staff was responsive to my complaints and sent 2 bellhops up to remove my mattress and replace it with a &quot;new&quot; one. This is obviously a complaint they'd heard before. The pillows were awful as well. They gave me one pillow that was the size of an airline pillow and another one that appeared bigger but squished down to nothing when you put your head on it. While we're on the topic of beds, my traveling companion in the room next to me said that his bed was nothing more than a rollaway bed and whenever he tried to sit up in bed he had to lean against the wall (no headbord) and since the bed was on wheels, it rolled the bed away from the wall when he tried to sit up in bed. No brakes on the wheels. It was awful.In addition to being run down and having extremely poor maintenance on the old rooms, the maids left the only glass they provided every day without replacing it with a clean one. A room with 2 beds only had one towell and one glass. The toilets flushed only some of the time.Breakfast is included and I must say that this feature of the hotel was as good as previous visits (not that it was outstanding to start with but at least it didn't deteriorate). However, the staff left dirty dishes all over the restaurant leaving guests to try to use tables in the closed section just to have a table without someone else's leftover dishes and food. They got quite snotty when you tried to get to the clean tables but showed no effort to keep the tables in the open section clean. They certainly weren't overwhelmed getting guests coffee and tea as they did a lousy job of doing that too.This was my last stay at the Tavistock. I'd recommend you look elsewhere if you expect a comfortable room and a good night's sleep in London.	
Apr 22 2009 	so so hotel service not quite	Having booked a room through a travel agency at the Royal National, I arrived only to discover this was the worst hotel I had ever seen in my life. They gave me, my wife and child an innaceptable room, with paint falling from the walls and humidity infiltrations, not to mention incredible amounts of dust inside on some places. So, after calls to my travel agent and much insistence, they transfered us to the Tavistock. I stayed there one night only, before going to the Holiday Inn Bloomsbury for the rest of my stay (which was a MUCH, MUCH better hotel). My room at the Tavistock, however, was much better than the Royal National. It was simple, but clean, and we all slept well there, not finding the beds to be unconfortable. However, there were some parts of the room that were a bit run down. Nothing very special, really. Our window had double glazing, and we didn't experience any noise from a night club situated at the hotel (as others have complained). Perhaps we stayed at a better zone in the building. Some of the personnel were ok. Some girl at the reception desk was a bit cold. But other employees, responsible for the luggage storage after check-out, were friendly enough. So were other people at the cafeteria where breakfast was served. But not the majority, the others were not very kind or particularly efficient. Continental breakfast was a let down, particularly because we were forced to eat at tables with dirty (and I mean dirty) tablecloths, that had been used before by other guests, and that were not changed for the new ones that were arriving. Something other people reported in this forum, and which I find totally innaceptable, because of the lack of higiene. However, this hotel is much smaller than the horrible Royal National, and, I think, with decent (budget, don't forget) rooms, and areas around the lobby that are much more cosy and confortable.	
Apr 22 2009 	Very Good affordable and location is excellent	This is a very good hotel if you are seeking a budget hotel which is comfy, clean and easy to accessI cant understand these people who grumble about this hotel! Hello?! what's wrong with you guys?! Im a 28 yr old girl and needed to go to london sightseeing on my own... I repeat, On My Own! so I needed a well situated, clean and safe hotel which would be at my budget's reach, and Tavistock was the perfect answer to my needs. Its ideally situated 5mins away by walk to russell square tube station, very convenient and the area is really lovely and safe with people on streets till late, so the place is not deserted, and shops around close very late. There are many cafeterias round the area so you are not bound to eat at the hotel although i didnt have to grumble about the food. I took breakfast always at the hotel which was excelent and plentiful. The staff is very helpful, the girls at the reception were quite cold but i didnt need to make friends with them, but on the whole the staff was prity welcoming and helpful. I loved my stay at tavistock room is not too big but you have space to put your stuff, as long as you dont plan to dance the waltz in the room its big enough, well heated and clean. I would go again... even tomorrow if i could. If you're on a budget and want a central located hotel this is the best, and i've been searching for a hotel for months so i know what am i talking about. and for those who grumble about this hotel, if you pretend a 5star threatment why dont you pay and go to a 5star hotel?! shame on those who talk badly about tavistock. Its comfy, welcoming, clean, safe, easy to access and it doesnt make a whole in your pocket!Thanks Tavistock, I couldnt ask for more	
Apr 21 2009 	Basic Hotel for London	Good location in the Center of London, the Russell Sq. area is always our first choice. This hotel will satisfy your basic needs of a bed, a shower, a closet, a dresser and breakfast. I usually stay in the Royal National hotel (just next door) but this time we went for the Tavistock (the Royal National was fully booked), I must say that I preferred the R.N. – but the Tavistock is good enough. The view from the window was nice (Tavistock Sq. all nice and green) and the lobby looks like out of a Jeeves and Wooster episode (very 20’s), but the R.N. is a bit more updated. Our bed sheets were torn, and so was the mattress itself. But all together – for the low price – it’s sufficient.	
Mar 27 2009 	Great Location for exploring London	I stayed at the Tavistock for a week with a friend from the 19th to the 26th, with great weather. We were checked in at 2:30 pm as the woman at the desk had said our room on the 4th floor wasn't ready when we got there at 9 am, and the 1st floor room that was availale would subject us too noise from the street. Nice of her to say.We checked into room 424 which was on a front corner with a great view of Tavistock Square Park. There was some noise from the street but not such that we couldn't sleep. We did hear the thump from the club in the basement. The double windows do keep out some of the street noise as long as the outer windows are closed.The twin beds were comfortable enough to sleep in. The was a good size bathroom with deep tub and a sink. The shower had great pressure and lots of hot water. The toilet was in a separate room which is great when the shower is in use.One negative about the bathroom was a bit of mildew up on the ceiling which is obviously from the lack of a ventilation fan which results in a very steamy and damp bathroom. We would open the window to allow the steam to clear and dry.The closet was adequate for our needs as were the drawers and the teapot. There was a TV but not a great variety of stations...not a problem for us as we would rather exlpore the city.One negative was the lack of internet connection in the room. A notice near the front desk said to ask about DSL but I was told it was not available in our room and we would have to use the wireless available in the lobby and bar areas...as did the other guests.The bar was a nice place to chill with a pint after exploring London, with deep leather sofas and comfortable chairs.We never used the dining room for breakfast although others did and it appeared to be popular...although I can't speak about the quality of the food.There is another restaurant in the front off the lobby &quot;Jaques&quot; which had a good enough menu with daily specials. One thing I did note was the decore which was more like a cafe than a more upscale restaurant.The Hotel is very well situated near the Russell Square tube station which is a short 5 minute walk away. We walked all the way to Leicester Square and back in about 20 minutes and the buses run adjacent to the front door.I would stay there again although I recommend that you ask for a room above the 4th floor and on the wing away from the club, if noise is a problem for you.	
Mar 9 2009 	dreadful hotel - don't risk it!!	stayed here for 3 nights in december. was originally booked for 4 nights but could not stand to stay another night. there is a night club with bowling alley and live music below the hotel. thumping music could be heard during the evening and night. due to smoking ban, drunken customers and staff would congregate all night outside the bowling alley right under my window, making a lot of noise and cigarette smoke in the room. Why no double glazing??? Probably wouldn't help as noise just came through the shaking walls and floors. night club eventually closed about 3am but then drunken crowds waiting outside for taxis, so no let up in the noise and smoke.The room reeked of cigarette smoke all the time, not just when people were outside smoking. The corridor of the hotel also stank of smoke, even though it was a non smoking floor.Apart from all that, the room was in an awful state. Really grimy bathroom and uncomfortable beds. I've stayed in 2 star hotels that are cleaner then this!The refund for the cancelled room never arrived. Even though they had accepted and confirmed the cancellation, and agreed to a refund, they subsequently refused to honour the refund. They claimed I had not checked out and had just walked out of the hotel, leaving the do not disturb sign on the door. This is all rubbish as of course I checked out at reception desk before the required check out time.oh and think you have breakfast included in the price? don't even go there...If this is how they treat business travellers then I'd hate to think how they would treat other guests.	
Feb 28 2009 	good hotel in a big city	The Tavistock isn't really the 3-star hotel tey actually advertise (no air con, no minibar, old TV set, old windows etc.), but it's a decent enough 2-star. If I had paid the 90 pounds they advertise for a twin room with breakfast I would have felt really scammed. But I got a great deal from planigo.com, at 65 Euros per night (they made me a discount by phone, as business is slow in February in London, I guess), so I paid less than for the crummy 3-star hotels I stayed in Paris last October. The location was brilliant, the hotel is a 5-minutes walk from the British Museum, 15-20 from Covent Garden, 15 to Tottenham Court Road bus stop (Soho-Oxford street). You have buses from Tavistock stop that go to Euston and Camden market to the North and to Holborn to the South (68, 168, 91 etc.). Also, from Russel Square, you can get the 7 towards Oxford Street and Marble Arch. Enjoy it's location and nothing else will bother you.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good value for money	The Tavistock is very centrally located. It is a large hotel by any standards. Staff speak very good English, and the common areas of the hotel have a beautiful Art Nouveau style. We were booked in a twin by mistake, but after som juggling we were switched to a double without any problems. There even was a porter to carry our luggage to the room. The room was large by London standards, with separate shower and toilet. There is a TV with a good choice of channels.The porters were especially helpful in giving us indications on how to travel by bus (somehow you always end up travelling by Tube in London, and you miss quite a lot), and on our last day, were very patient with us when we kept bothering them to put last-minute purchases in our suitcases, which were then in the luggage room.The only minus was breakfast. If you book this hotel, spend a little more and upgrade to English breakfast. Continental breakfast is poor to say the least, with coffee, tea , lukewarm toast, stewed fruit and butter and jam. The worst part of it all is that you have to help yourself from the same area where all the eggs, sausages and bacon are, under the vigilant eye of one of the waiters, who somehow is always checking something when someone who has continental breakfast is helping him/herself. All in all a very good hotel, which I would gladly return to on another trip to London	
Feb 8 2009 	Fantastic value	I have stayed at the Tavistock twice and both times had a very pleasant stay there. The rooms are basic but clean and comfortable, The staff have always friendly and helpful. The breakfast has a wide choice although might not be to everyone's taste, however does set you up for the day! The hotel is ideal as its minutes away from Euston station, a perfect base!! I will always use the Tavistock when in London.	
Dec 10 2008 	Great View	The Tavistock Hotel has a great Art Deco feel when you arrive. Does not feel like a bland chain. 10 mins walk from St Pancras, so no hassles with the subway.Rooms are fine for the price. Good nights sleep. Breakfast is a bit of a let down.Local tip: The pizzas in the diner under the hotel are amazing and very cheap.TJ	
Dec 8 2008 	Good Hotel - close to transport	My husband and I stayed at the Tavistock Hotel and enjoyed the hotel and location. The room and bathroom were clean and the room was big enough for all luggage etc and surprisingly quiet. There is a bar downstairs where drinks are reasonable and another bar under street level that I thought would be noisy but wasnt. I wanted a hairdryer so reception arranged this with a deposit that was returned. Breakfast was good and staff helpful and friendly. Euston underground and bus depot are located a short walk away making it easy to get to all the sights of London. I think a daily pass was about 5 pounds. There is also a small park located across the road from the hotel and you can walk to pub, cafes etc. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would definately stay again. We also walked to the marvellous restored St Pancras station - 15 mins.	
Dec 6 2008 	Basic and acceptable	The Tavistock Hotel is excellently located for those interested in theater or museums, and that’s the main attraction of this basic hotel. I had no serious problems with the budget accommodations for two nights; a few things to help decide if the price is right for you.The hotel is on Tavistock Square, close to the British Museum. It's within walking distance from Euston, Kings Cross and St. Pancras stations to the north of it and convenient to Covent Garden and the West End. I'm a fast walker; Covent Garden is about 15-25 minutes on foot with no difficulty.The rooms are clean, quite small and uninspiring. I would not consider a double room (or bed) sufficient in size for two people, but it’s fine for one. The bed was somehow unsubstantial (it moved easily) yet firm at the same time – in any case, I slept fine on it. My room contained a hair dryer, hot water pot and TV. There is a small rack for hanging a few objects, but no closet. There also is no iron, ironing board or clock. The rooms are not soundproof; there is little street noise on the high floors but if you are a light sleeper, chances are someone walking in the halls in the early morning could wake you up.The bathroom is also clean and basic. There is a tub, but the only amenities provided are bath towels and soap. Bring your own shampoo, conditioner, facecloth – whatever else you use.There is free wi-fi in the lobby only; nothing else is available, at least on the higher floors. If you need only sporadic internet access to check email or surf, it’s fine.Breakfast is either continental or English. Continental is tea or coffee, fruit juice and tinned fruit, rolls cereal and pre-toasted toast. English adds eggs, bacon, sausage and other food; I had the continental which was nothing special but held me to lunch.I chose the Tavistock because it was the best combination of price and location I could find for my dates even after trying opaque bidding options. You’ll be disappointed if you need more services from your hotel or consider the experience of being in a hotel an important part of your vacation. I also might not choose it were I a couple unless there were options for larger rooms. If location and economy are more important to you and a hotel is only a place to put your belongings and sleep, the Tavistock is an acceptable choice.	
Nov 24 2008 	Dreadfull experience	We were extremely disappointed that a world-renowned airline would include the Tavistock to its list of hotel recommendations. It is one thing to go to a hotel that is not ultra modern and has an old charm about it, but it would have been nice to come across someone on their staff who smiled or said please or thank you especially on reception! The breakfast was no more than greasy cafe standard with dirty tablecloths and we decided not to eat there for the rest of our stay. The evening bar service was staffed by someone who spent more time talking to friends and seemed annoyed to have to serve customers. My rating is 2 out of 10 because we think the bed sheets were clean!	
Nov 23 2008 	great budget hotel	very clean hotel rooms basic but youre nott staying in the room excellent location 10 minute walk to oxford street west end breakfast is good choice ad fills you up for the day lovely art decor reception area i was on the 3rd floor and didnt hear any noice from the disco ive usded the hotel for the last 10 years its cheap and chearfull	
Nov 15 2008 	Don't stay here	Dont stay here. Just dont. I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor before I booked and there was a mix of good and bad, so I took my chances. Dont make the same mistake! It's a nice hotel, it is clean and it is in a good location - and reasonably priced for all that. But you will not get any sleep, so whats the point??The music from the bar downstairs reverberates through the walls of the place and is unbelievably and obnoxiously loud. This bar has a licence until 3am - despite what the unhelpful and blatantly disinterested reception will tell you when you phone to enquire about it. I passed a number of hotels in the area as I was getting to the Tavistock, and they advertised cheaper or similar prices and looked fairly decent. Seek out one of these. I would have done when I first experienced the noise in the room, if reception hadnt assured me it would be over by 12 - you can tell they are used to such calls and that this is the standard pre-midnight lie. When I phoned again at 1am they then told me about the 3am licence. The music didnt actually stop until well after 3. .	
Nov 11 2008 	Budget Stay at Best	We stayed here for two nights to see London on a trip all over Britain to visit family. The hotel was suggested by our travel agent, but she's never stayed there. And neither would we again. Here's our background: Both my wife and I are within a year of 40 and appreciate value stays, but within reason. I'd say this place would seem great if you're used to hostels and the like, but for a decent, not-too-fancy room? No, look elsewhere. Our room was on the 8th floor and the whole floor was terribly hot. Our room was sweltering, we mentioned it and they obviously knew of the problem (&quot;Oh, room 819...&quot;), so they called a plumber while we were gone all afternoon and it was better when we got back, but leaving the windows open was a must. We had two twin beds on slidey caster wheels that were not terribly comfortable at all. The TV didn't work, the cold water barely trickled out and the towels were large face-cloths in quality. And only the two bath towels, no face cloths or hand towels. And no cutsie gels or shampoo or anything (which is fine enough). Breakfast was fine, I'm not too picky with food if there's something to eat, but if you're going to complain then go out for something else. Eggs were watery and the smoked haddock would best be described as 'soaked' haddock.Service from the staff was efficient and no problems. If you're looking for budget, this'll do. As it was we were barely in the room and out sight-seeing all day and night. But next time I'd spring for another 25-50 quid and catch the next hotel up the food chain.	
Nov 11 2008	Leaving after 31 years	We have stayed at the Tavistock every time we visited London for the last 31 years. Find it acceptable, conveniently located and reasonably priced. However the recent addition of a nightclub on the lower ground floor creates such noise that sleeping in a large part of the hotel is impossible until after 2.00AM.	
Oct 29 2008 	leaves a lot to be desired	I was booked into this hotel with work colleagues. Reviews on trip advisor varied but were OK. It has gorgeous original art deco features in the hallway (nicely retained but lacking their original sparkle and glamour) but none evident on the 7th floor where i stayed except for the old and draughty aluminium window frames and ancient loo. In itself it was clean enough and the staff were friendly but it is really rather tired and a bit down at heels. I objected at having to pay a £20 cash deposit to the night porter to borrow a hairdryer - they are not standard in rooms so be warned. Breakfast was nice, full english. Its fine for an overnight stop when on business but I'm not sure I'd choose to stay there for leisure.	
Oct 29 2008 	Crappy	The room was not nice at all, we didnt even trust eatting our free breakfast. I dont recomend, you can find better.	
Oct 27 2008 	Small	I can some this hotel up in one word SMALL,small rooms,small t.v.,small bed, small bathroom,small lifts,the small room,i know you do not go to London to stay in the room but abit of room to move around would have been nice,the small t.v. also with a small number of channels on it,the small bed also very low to the floor on castors so if you tried to sit up against the headboard it would set off across the floor,the small bathroom with 2 small bath towels only,no hand towels at all,such a narrow bath you could easily get stuck in and talk about a low shower head,only if you are small in stature would be able to shower under it failing that sat down so you may has well have a bath,the small lift only took a max of 6 people if they had no baggage,4 at a push with.As EPD wrote the rooms(3rd floor rear) we and our son had were very hot even for October.The good points are the breakfast with plenty of items hot and cold and the location near 3 main train stations and in walking distance of some tourist sites,pubs and places to eat.The price was £86 a night for two people so we hoped it would be better than it was,but you live and learn,we will not go back there again but it may be o.k. for some.	
Oct 18 2008 	Superb Value!	I stayed at the Tavistock this week whilst in London for a conference.I need a good night's sleep so was a bit worried about noise after reading some reviews.I had a room on the 7th floor which overlooked Tavistock Square and I thought the noise level was fine. The rooms were incredibly HOT and I had the windows flung wide open all night. The traffic noise ceased mainly around 00.30 (apart from an odd siren) and at 7am when I got up it had barely started. It was the best first night's sleep in a hotel I have had in a long while!The room was relatively small but there was only me so no problem. (Smaller than a Travelodge room) and there was only enough to make one cup of tea and one cup of coffee per person so if you are going there, take some supplies.The bed was extremely comfortable, not too soft, just perfect (like Baby Bear's bed!)The bathroom was small but clean with adequate nice fluffy towels and a few bars of soap.Overall the room was clean and I would stay here again without hesitation. It's a bargain of a place for central London at £64 a night for a single room (£87 a double)Staff were friendly and helpful.Breakfast was perfectly adequate, choice of hot or fruits/croissants etc. Coffee was a bit grim!Location is excellent - lots of London's major sights within walking distance. Taxis pass frequently.	
Oct 14 2008 	a noisy place with uncooperative reception supervisor	goods:nice locationacceptible roomsgood house keepingeconomyBadsvery noisyMisbehaved reception supervisor, didnt want to listen the problems and thought her staff is always right.intrupted internet service.	
Oct 12 2008 	Convenient and comfortable	Had a 2 night stay last week. The hotel is well positioned for sightseeing. It is comfortable, clean and the staff are friendly, which for London is very good. Being Northerners we are used to people being friendly and the staff in this hotel are.It was a little noisy at night, we were on 8th floor on a side street but this is London so what can you expect. We turned radiators off and shut windows and had 2 good nights sleep.Food for breakfast was as good as anywhere else we've stayed and plenty of it.I would definitely stay again and recommend to anyone else.	
Oct 12 2008 	Value for money	I spent two nights in this hotel with my partner. The hotel has a great location and the room was clean and had a good size. I especially mention the size because we stayed in another (more expensive) hotel in the same area with very small rooms! Only the bed was a little too small for my partner but you can easiliy pull the bed, so this was not a problem. We stayed on the top floor at the end of the hallway and therefore we had no problems with noise whatsoever.The breakfast was basic. The breakfast staff was helpful and nice, and we got served coffee and tea very quickly. All in all I would say that the Tavistock hotel offers value for money. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 3 2008 	Good price good location	Good, sound moderately priced Hotel (for London). Good breakfast included in price. Walking distance to many attractions. Short walk to Underground station. Excellent BUS service to many locations. Again, good value for price (for London).	
Oct 1 2008	Great location	My mom and I stayed here for 8 nights. I agree that the breakfast got a bit tiresome, scrambled eggs, hard baked eggs?, bacon, sausages, beans, canned tomatoes, porridge, cereals, herring (lovely fish smell in the morning) and toast. Coffee was dreadful but tea was good. Friendly staff, always with a good morning.Rooms were clean and exactly as depicted on the website.Location was great. Russell Square tube was excellent. Even used the Euston station a couple of times.Lots of nice restaurants/pubs nearby. Nice lounge, I heard no music at all.Guys at concierge desk were awesome!	
Sep 28 2008 	a bargain	Spent three nights alone in this hotel, and for the price paid I couldn't have asked for nothing else. Great location (two blocks from Russel square tube station and its nearby shops) and a clean room. Towels and sheets were changed everyday and the staff were helpful and nice. The only bad thing was breakfast. If you stay in this hotel don't eat the scrambled eggs! Stick with the fried eggs or the sausage. If you really dislike the food though there is a nice breakfast place around the corner. Some people in this site complained about the noise from the street, but in my case, I was so exhausted by the end of the day that I really didn't bother about it.  Overall, I think this was a true bargain. The company that owns the place has still some other hotels around Russel Square. I stayed three years ago in the Royal National and in the Imperial , and in my opinion, the Tavistock was as good as those other hotels with the advantage of having lower rates.	
Sep 28 2008 	Do not stay on the first floor	I recently booked a weekend at this hotel and was unfortunate in getting a room on the first floor.The noise from the downstairs bar/club was unbelievable. Even with ear plugs I could feel the reverberations coming through the floor. The noise went on until 3 a.m. When I complained the next morning I was transferred to a new room without question.The lack of sleep ruined my first day in London and I will not be staying at the Tavistock again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good location but nothing else	We chose the Tavistock because we wanted an inexpensive hotel that could accommodate a family of 5 in one room. The location was excellent, close to the Tube and several bus lines. The lobby was charming, and the people were friendly. The room was large, but that was its only real recommendation. The beds were unbelievably hard, and the cot provided for the fifth bed was even harder. The bathroom had two sinks, but one had no hot water. We had to get engineering up to fix one of the lights. The English breakfast was unimpressive - buffet style, overcooked eggs, canned tomatoes, runny beans - and was the same every single day (we were there for a week). Service at breakfast was minimal; it was hard to flag someone down to get a refill of coffee or tea, or sometimes even to get the first cup. The concierge desk knew nothing helpful (except for Gavin, who knew quite a bit and was very nice about it). One of the other desk staff, when I asked about afternoon tea at Fortnum and Mason, did not know what I meant by &quot;afternoon tea&quot; and had never heard of the store. Altogether a disappointing experience.	
Sep 17 2008 	Very good for a cheap hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for one night during the week whilst on a training course in London. I am quite fussy where I stay and checked out the reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor before booking. I was a little apprehensive considering the price of a single of only £64 B&amp;B in the middle of London. There is an art deco design to the entrance lobby of the hotel, I am not too sure if this is the original fit out though, nevertheless as I appreciate this style it was quite a nice surprise and did look good. However, it was a shame that they did not retain / continue this design throughout the rooms. Saying that though the rooms were extremely clean and tidy, even the sanitary ware and shower curtain didn’t have any evidence of mould although a little basic!!The room overlooked Tavistock Park but was on the corner of two busy roads, this was a little noisy even with the secondary glazing closed. Nothing that a set of earplugs wouldn’t block out.The full English breakfast looked ok but I just went for the cereal which was fine.The hotel is within walking distance from Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston railway stations. I also easily walked to Oxford Street in 15 minutes. The area around the hotel is quite nice with a number of little restaurants and bars down cobbled streets.I have already booked in here on my next business trip to London and would consider it if I was spending any more time in London.	
Sep 15 2008	The noise was unbelievable	We stayed at the Tavistock on Saturday 13th September 2008 in a room on the first floor. On returning to the room at about midnight I was horrified to find that the noise coming from a bar down in the basement of the hotel was unbelievable. The base from the music was thumping through the building, absolutely impossible to sleep.I phoned reception and was told it usually went quite about 2 o'clock, this turned out to be untrue. It actually went on till 3 O,CLOCK. Trust me DON'T GO.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great location and value for money	Stayed at the Tavistock one night after seeing details on here. Beautiful Art Deco hotel, especially downstairs. Had double room at front overlooking Tavistock Square. Room looked to be recently refurbished, average size room and you would pay more for a larger room elsewhere. Secondary glazing keeps out much of traffic noise but would have to be opened in summer as no air conditioning. Given our British summers air conditioning rarely needed! Breakfast was filling but no restaurant in evening, only in hotel's wine bar. Great Greek taverna 100 yds on opposite side of road and Italian and Chinese restaurants nearby on same road. All staff pleasant and helpful. Close to Kings Cross, St Pancras, Euston mainline stations and Russell Square underground station which connects to all parts of London. Bloomsbury lovely area with park on each square and late Regency houses. We felt very safe in this area. Do pop into St Pancras station to see how beautiful this Victorian station is since renovations, also Eurostar leaves from there now to Paris. Great value for money hotel at £87 for a double room with Full English Breakfast.	
Sep 6 2008 	Everyone that complains about the Tavistock . . . STOP!!!	I stayed in the Tavistock during June for the second time for a full 10 days. I cannot believe all the negative reviews about this hotel, I mean, if you want everything to be 5star, then go to a 5star and pay a few hundred pounds per night. The Tavistock ain't perfect, but I love the hotel. All you complainers, for 64 pounds per night, come show me a better hotel concerning such great location alone, which are very important. You are 5 minutes from Russell Square Underground, have friendly cafe's like Tesco's all within 5 minutes walk, the British Museum just around the corner, and for shoppers, Oxford Street (shoppers heaven) only 20 minutes walk. Walk 10 minutes longer and you're in nightlife heaven. I found the check inn staff friendly and there where no problems. The information staff did extra trouble finding places for me after a few phone calls to make sure, all on their cost! The breakfast staff was always friendly and their service excellent. The food was up to standard and I enjoyed it. The bar has got a cozy atmosphere, I love those soft luxurious leather couches. Believe me, I checked the following each day. The rooms are well cleaned and serviced each day, including the en suite bathroom. I had a spotless room everyday. The furniture might not be modern, but nowhere can you find broken stuff or stains or torn pieces on the carpet. I had a very good look.The products on the complimentary tray is of high quality and you get fresh milk every day. The satellite tv channels is of high standard. I had no problems noise. All in all I can honestly say that I had a very pleasant stay at the Tavistock and the hotel is a real bargain. Thanks to the Tavistock and personnel for a great stay, you will for sure see me again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Location Get what you pay for	Stayed at Tavistock hotel over the August bank holiday. We had two rooms, both on the same booking but on different floors, which wasn't a problem, but seemed a little strange.The location is fantastic, 2 minute walk to Russell Sq tube. We found all the tube staff REALLY helpful. We found no problems with the breakfasts at all, it was buffet cooked or continental, with porridge and cereals too, and there was no restriction on how many times you went up. The rooms are a little tired though and could do with updating, however, it did us for what we wanted , somewhere to lay our heads after we'd walked London! The rooms were cleaned every day and the staff were very pleasant. Our rooms were on the inside of the quad so we didn't have any street noise.The hotel is ideally situated for central London and sight seeing, and the price is very reasonable for the location. I think it's important to make clear that this is not a five star hotel, it does what it says on the tin for the price you pay. We paid a lot more for room only at the Holiday Inn round the corner in Bloomsbury last year, and while the room was superior there, we feel we had much more value for money at the Tavistock.	
Aug 21 2008 	In London for London not for the hotel	For convenience's sake, I stayed at an Imperial London Hotel again, this time at Tavistock Hotel. I had booked a single with a park view, and that's what I almost got. Single turned out to be a twin on the top floor! Nice view, no noise from the corridor but absolutely no room to move around in the room. I had a big suitcase and I just didn't know where to place it but the other bed. The gap between the beds and the desk was so narrow that I could hardly slide from between. The floor was so creaky on every step, glad I was alone in the room. The room was otherwise tidy, even the bathroom was nice! It would be nice to see just one tap in a british bathroom, though - I hate using the plug and then I have to choose between burning or freezing my hands with the water...Breakfast was exactly the same as in Imperial Hotel, full English. Once again it was just rice crispies and canned fruit for a coeliac... Scrambled eggs were hideous and milk/juices always warm, but one surely manages with the hotel's brekkie.The location is great, especially as I wasn't spending too much time at the hotel. For me, it was more like an F1 pit stop on my way to see and do things in London. The tube's around the corner, there are shops along the way and the Brunswick Square is so close with all the restaurants. Hotel staff was great, especially the cleaners and reception girls! On the other hand, I was quite surprised as one of the portiers didn't know Westminster Abbey from Westminster Chapel... One could really see that there are brochures available if the staff doesn't know the city well enough.Did you know that &quot;Tavis&quot; in Finnish means &quot;common&quot;? One could say that Tavistock Hotel is a common hotel for the common people.	
Aug 6 2008 	Good location and price	I've stayed here several times and it's a good choice for the area without spending too much money. The rooms aren't luxurious and sometimes the decoration is a bit worn, but most of them are fairly large and they have all the basics, including a bath which is a rarity in this price range (£64 for sole use of a double / twin room). The best rooms are on the upper floors, at the front - they overlook a pleasant green square. Rooms at the back can suffer from noise from ventilators and have a poor view. The cold breakfast is OK but nothing special - I've never been tempted by the fried food. The wine bar does fairly average food, but if you have the time there are better places 10-15 minutes' walk away (nothing in the immediate area).	
Jul 30 2008 	Didn't Have to break the bank	i went to London On business so my needs were very simple. i read the reviews posted on the site but i was still a little dissapointed with the room. The room was clean but the furniture was sparse and small. The bed was sooo little and the covers looked a bit tattered, did I mention that the two pillows were flat. and I had a lovely view of a concrete slab roof of the kitchens in the center of the resturant. All that being said it was not really a bad trip most likley because i was pretty tired everyday when I came in. The staff was very very friendly, even the cleaning staff. The full english breakfast was satisfying and of good quality, however it was the same buffet every morning after day 4 it got a little tired. The only other thing that made me unhappy was the lack of Interrnet access in the rooms or rather the lack of AFFORDABLE internet in the rooms clocking in at 4 quid per hour or I would have to treck with my laptop to the lobby whre wifi was available for free. The other pesky issue was a lack of iron in the rooms, or even available at the front desk . if you wanted to press a suit you would have to go to the 1 and only place thay had an iron on the 1st floor in an irnoning room that was locked by eight in the night and opened at 7 am that really sucked. Apart form that tavistock is a real value for money hotel as afterall you ARE in London, and central london at that!	
Jul 27 2008 	Tavistock still OK	I stayed at the Tavistock twice in July. Both times I was assigned a small twin room for single occupancy. The rooms and bathrooms were clean. Plenty of hot water every time I turned on a tap. The carpets were newish and the furniture in good condition. The beds were OK, and the bedding clean and reasonably new. While breakfast is certainly not a high point, the porridge, corn flakes, hardboiled eggs, and rolls were certainly adequate. At 64 pounds a night, this is a very good deal for central London. Take a face cloth, shampoo, and some nice soap with you -- the rather thin towels are changed daily.Yes, there was some road noise, but it is very hard to be both in the middle of London close to tube stations, railway stations, and many bus lines, and yet away from busy roads. If you are a light sleeper, bring ear plugs.A great (and pleasant) surprise for me was the discovery that hotels and restaurants in Britain are now smoke free. This is a tremendous improvement for hotels like the Tavistock -- no more smoke haze in the lobby.I have stayed in a variety of hotels in London over the last five years: my strong impression is that unless you are lucky, or visiting in the winter, you have to pay roughly twice as much per night as at the Tavistock to be pretty sure of getting a better room. If there is a heat wave when you are visiting London, it may make sense to pay for a higher quality hotel, but London heat waves are generally quite infrequent and of short duration.If you stay at the Tavistock, you are close to many of the major tourist attractions, or an easy bus ride away. London is such a big, busy, city that having a base you can return to for a quick break or an afternoon nap is a big help.	
Jul 3 2008 	awful	The bedrooms are awful. While sheets were clean, the carpets and other floorcovering were not. The furnishing was spartan and noise inside and outside made it impossible to sleep. The doors on the 'bathroom' would not open fully due to the lack of space.	
Jun 25 2008 	Well it's cheap....	Well, everyone else is correct -- the Tavistock is cheap and conveniently located for tourists. But that's about all it has going for it. Substandard rooms, terrible beds and the worst breakfast I've ever had (how do you screw up scrambled eggs?). There are plenty of other hotels in the same area -- do a little more research and sleep better. This is essentially a hostel with your own bathroom.	
Jun 18 2008 	Don't have the breakfast	Cheap hotel with great location. The bathroom floor was stained and looked dirty, the room tea and coffee facilities were terrible. Some staff are rude, particularly the breakfast staff. The breakfast was terrible, the full English is served buffet style and is served cold. Even the toast was cold and rubbery. The tables are n't cleaned after someone else has eaten at them, we could n't find a table with a clean table cloth thoughout our five day stay. You would often find the crumbs of someone else's breakfast on the table, and the milk was not changed from diner to diner. I personally saw cutlery being dropped on the floor and being placed back in the drawer for use by someone else. I handed back a dirty knife to waiting staff which went straight back in the drawer without being cleaned. The staff don't speak very good English. The only other good point, the beer at the bar seemed cheap!	
Jun 12 2008	VERY WELL LOCATED	The hotel is clean, confortable and very very well located, nice neibourghood, close to the British Museum, Russel Square metro, St Pancras Station etc.The staff is very kind, except for the &quot;maitre&quot; of the breakfast room, who is always in a bad humour.	
May 19 2008 	It's OK	Good Location, but ask for a high floor. We were given room 111 and the poorly double glazed windows did not manage to keep the noise of people talking in the street out never mind the constant police, ambulance and fire engine sirenes. There was a distinct deep fat fryer smell to the room (too near the kitchens?)When we asked for a move after the first night the staff were happy to oblige and promptly moved us to 803. Rooms are small and basic. A bit mean with the tea and coffee and complimentary toiletries consist of a couple of small bars of soap.Breakfast was a poor continental ( no cold meat,cheese, yoghurts etc.) or a reasonable English Bufffet.I'm not saying that I wouldn't stay there again but I would have a good look at what else there was available before booking.	
May 18 2008 	Very good value for Money	We stayed only one night at the Tavistock but would certainly do so again. Its location is great, the room and bathroom were spotless, and the full English breakfast (included in the price) was a surprise to us. We thought we would have to venture into the chaos of the Royal National Hotel's breakfast room (the hotels are a chain), but the Tavistock has a very nice dining room with pleasant wait staff and good food. The room was quite basic, not many amenities, but it was surprisingly roomy for London. Believe me, we have stayed in MUCH worse there and paid more for the dubious privilege! The people who complain about the shabby, tired decor and furniture should remember-- after a facelift you can expect the prices to at least double. I'm more than willing to live with the decor as long as the prices are reasonable (for London). So, when we go to London again, the Tavistock will be our address.	
May 7 2008 	The words 'prison' and 'cell' come to mind...	I stayed here for one night, to attend a function close by. I booked a single room, which was at the top (8th floor) of the hotel. It was hot during the day, and very cold at night, with no extra blankets stored in the room. The room was small, with two single beds, that slid around the room as soon as you sat on them. The TV didn't work. The only items they provide in the bathroom are a small bar of soap and one of the world's oldest, scratchiest towels. Hence the feeling of prison cell...On the plus side, it was clean enough, and it had a nice view over Tavistock Square, and the location is quite convenient.The hotel is popular with visitors from Eastern Europe, but as an expat Brit, I found it a very depressing representation of what London has to offer. If you are visiting London for the first time, I would recommend that you try and suck up the high prices of better accommodation, in order to enhance your overall experience. It's still a great city, but the Tavistock could leave you thinking otherwise.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good value!	This hotel is easy to get to by train and bus, so it's really easy to find and get around from. The hotel staff/reception were also very friendly. The rooms were basic but clean and fairly cheap.The full breakfast was great &amp; definitely worth getting! It's not a romantic getaway type of place but definitely good for tourists who just want somewhere clean, safe &amp; comfortable to stay at.The only thing I can say is that it's located on a main road, so it can be a tad bit noisy if you're a light sleeper. But even saying this, I'd definitely stay there again for convenience and good value.	
Apr 18 2008 	Cold rooms bad food	OK, so it's close to Euston Station, in a safe area and very handy for Covent Garden. BUT don't think the carpet had been cleaned recently, stains on the covers, the bathroom had some black mold in the shower (I didn't dare look under the non-slip mat in the bath..), the towels were so ancient it was hard to tell if they were clean, and the TV didn't work. The room was freezing cold, for some reason the radiator was turned off. Breakfast didn't look particularly appetizing and they water down the orange juice!!! Reception has a shabby Art Deco chic to it, but they could do with smartening up on the basics.	
Apr 13 2008	Imagine a travel lodge with charm	What a strange hotel! Before the advent of Travel Inn, Ibis, and other cheap-and-cheerful hotels, this is what such hotels were like.And what a bargain! The price is excellent, the location is superb - a few minutes from Euston and Russell Square. The view out over Tavistock Square is really pleasant too. The public areas of the hotel (entrance, bar, restaurant) are glorious Art Deco. Really splendid, reminiscent of a bygone age.The breakfast itself is chaotic - a big room, grab your buffet food and table as quickly as you can. But it's simple, quick, and sufficient for most needs. Service - both front desk, and breakfast - was friendly and efficient.The room, though, is basic in the extreme. Simple desk, bed, TV, cheap fluorescent lighting, cheap ancient wallpaper. Paper-thin walls (luckily my neighbours weren't too noisy), only one power socket, and VERY VERY HOT. I dread to think what the place is like in the summer - there's no air conditioning or anything fancy like that. Despite this, and the clearly old bed, I actually slept very well, so was willing to overlook some of this!Bathroom is very basic too - fixed shower above bath, but with good water pressure and temperature. Bit of mildew around the place, but nothing too bad. Only soap is provided - so remember to bring your own shampoo!Despite all the negatives, this is perfect for a quick overnight stay, and I'd be very likely to use it again. I wouldn't want to stay here for more than a couple of nights, though.	
Apr 6 2008 	Value for money	I was looking for a comfortable, not too expensive hotel in London for one night and a friend recommended the Tavistock. It was £87 for a double room for the night with full English breakfast - and this turned out to be very good value for money. The hotel, a five minute walk to Euston Station and close to Russell Square Underground Station, is an ideal base for someone just looking for a clean and tidy unpretentious hotel to explore the capital without paying a king's ransom. Our room was on the smallish side but it was clean and free from traffic noise. There was a pleasant bar to enjoy a beer in the evening and a nice restaurant, which was open until 10pm and the food was excellent. The hot and cold buffet breakfast was fine with plenty of choice. What particularly impressed me were the staff - everyone I came into contact with was pleasant and helpful. If you do not want to pay well over £100 a night for a typical London hotel then I would recommend you opt for the Tavistock. I will certainly stay there again.	
Mar 9 2008 	OK hotel	I stayed at Tavistock with my wife for a week in February 2008. I bought it through travel agency with three months in advance and it cost 84 Euros for a double room.First of all, very, very good location, 2 minutes to the tube and buses right in the front of hotel. Because the flight, we arrived at 11 a.m. at the hotel and they gave us a double room, at 8-th floor, which was clean, they changed every day the bedding. In the room is the hairdryer and british socket, but no problem, an adaptor costs 5 pounds at the shop. I can't understand the british system for the washbasin in the bathroom, where was separate pipes for cold and hot water and also immobile shower.The breakfast was very poor, I had continental breakfast by the voucher, so i have to pay four pounds for person every morning to upgrade at british breakfast, but still poor.Close to the hotel is the London pub, where we eat each evening, the prices aren't expansive.I recommand the hotel for who wants to have a clean room in a very good position and without much pretences.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great location	When I visit London, I spend little time in my hotel, so I prefer not to pay for luxuries, but I like to return to a clean room with a decent bathroom. In both respects, my room was much better than I had expected. The hotel does have amenities like a roomy lobby, bell-hops, elevators, a restaurant, and bar, all of which place it in a class above the hotels I usually frequent, but at very little extra cost. I paid 62 pounds for a single, but was given a spacious room with twin beds and a large clean bathroom. Free wireless internet service was available in the lobby. Breakfast was served from a buffet table in a large dining room and was unremarkable. An important feature of the Tavistock is its location. It is on the Piccadilly underground line so that one can get there from Heathrow with a minimum of fuss and expense. Euston and King’s Cross rail stations are just a few blocks away, and city buses run along one side of the hotel. The British Museum is just around the corner, and the neighborhood is riddled with fabulous bookstores. The Tavistock makes a comfortable and inexpensive base camp for seeing the city.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Location	The Tavistock is in a very good location. It is a good, safe area.The Russell square tube station is just a few minutes walk away. There are plenty of restaurants and pubs in the area. There is a small Tesco right across from the tube station. Also, just along the street from the tube station there is a shopping centre with a Waitrose supermarket. This is perfect for buying those goodies to bring home.The hotel is busy and for the most part the staff is very friendly. Some of the Front Desk staff had a problem understanding English and were a bit snippy.The guests are a mix of tourists and business people. Our room was in the front of the hotel overlooking Tavistock Square. On the downside, the noise from the pub just along the street is a bit much on Friday and Saturday evenings. But our initial room was a very small room right by the elevator. We asked for a better room and were given one the next day. We would have been given a new room that day but the hotel was full. The staff even moved our luggage to the new room for us. This room was a good size with a bay window. There was plenty of room for our things.The breakfast room is very pleasant and there is plenty of choice for hot and cold food. The coffee is awful though. There is wait staff to serve coffee which is a nice touch.	
Feb 20 2008 	Real value.	Having read some of the reviews on the Tavistock I had expected it to be slightly 'rough and ready'.I was pleasantly surprised to find the opposite was true.The reception area and bar area are 'Art Deco' in decoration and are very pleasant to be in. The dining area shows traces of 'Art Deco' but is not as complete as the other two areas although still comfortable to be in.The room we occupied(750)was small but adequate,the decor was fresh and everthing was very clean.The bathroom was spotless and supplied with fresh towels daily.There were a lot of staff on duty at anytime all of whom were helpful and pleasant.The breakfast buffet had sufficient variety to satisfy all but the most awkward resident.I was very impressed by the Tavistock and could find no fault with it at the price.	
Jan 30 2008 	Decent value - you could probably find better	The other reviews are spot on. Although I must say I think I encountered the worst waiter in the world at breakfast. Getting a coffee has never been such a major trauma before. He also got seriously annoyed with me when I asked (politely) for a fork. I was too shocked to complain.  Also there were no toiletries. I know this is a budget hotel...I just think with the liquid restrictions on EU flights that hotels should at least offer to sell you these things. Otherwise All was fine. I only ate breakfast which was tasty enough but I can't comment further on the food. The rooms are basic and don't have any iron or hairdryer but they are warm and mine wasn't noisy . It's a fantastic location - 2 mins from Russel sq tube- and it represents great value for the city.	
Jan 30 2008 	You Get What You Pay For!	When I first arrived at the hotel, I was unimpressed about the furnishings of the rooms which were very basic and looked very 60's in their design. The wallpaper and fabrics were also very dull and for some unimaginable reason, the bedside lights were fluorescent tubing which gave the room a very stark and uncomfortable feeling. At first, I was quick to blame the management of the hotel from their apparent lack of imagination but as time went on I realized that I was being unreasonable in my expectations. We had after all, only paid £84 for two people, bed and breakfast in a very good location in Central London.  It is a true saying that you get what you pay for. In terms of value it could have been far worse. The rooms were clean, the food was OK, the staff were helpful and we were only there for one night (more would have been too much)! What really surprises me is that, being part of the Imperial Group - a name which suggests grandeur and top quality, that they have not developed this hotel to a much higher standard. It is in a great position and in my view, deserves more.	
Jan 28 2008	good location	stayed at the tavistock for a three night break, it was within walking distance of kings cross station, covent garden and leicester square all roughly a ten min walk. Just a 2 min walk from russell square tube station which takes you on to the picadilly line and the British museum is just along the road. The hotel itself was ok clean bed, towels and plenty hot water the toilet was very small and the lounge bar a bit tatty with one of the couches with a big rip in it but given you are in london and your only using it as a base then for the price and location it is very good.	
Jan 27 2008	Art Deco treat	The Tavistock is a budget special for London. It is clean with fabulous showers. It does suffer a bit from reflected traffic noise. Having said all that you are handy for Kings Cross, Euston and all of Bloomsbury. The lobby is an Art Deco treat. The hotel has improved over the past few years. Breakfast is included in the rack rate - however it is not the best - coffee and tea on this vist were dreadful. The sausages were tasty always a good thing. MIss out on the scrambled egg. The bar is expensive.	
Jan 27 2008	value for money .	enjoyed our stay,after all we were only sleeping in the room,glad of anywhere to rest after a busy day shopping and sightseeing.breakfast was ok ,middle aged asian looking lady on breakfast service was lovely and treated all guests very well. ignore negative remarks re decor,condition,e.t.c. this hotel does all that is described.if you want luxury book a 4 or 5 star hotel and pay the going rate.	
Jan 12 2008 	Basic but location rules	The earlier reviews are on target: the Tavistock is pretty basic, but very well located and a reliable choice for Bloomsbury-based stays. You won't be overwhelmed by the rooms, which are in 1975 dorm mode. And you may be annoyed by the lack of toiletries - soap, is it: make sure you have shampoo, etc., with you! Internet access is limited to coin kiosks - though in the coffee shop attached to the adjacent Royal National Hotel, there is good (and free) wireless access. Breakfast is fine (the English breakfast supplement is barely worth it, though, unless you are a big fan of kippers.) All this said though the Tavistock is clean, the shower had great water pressure, all the appliances worked, the staff were friendly (if not always expert) - and you are within walking distance of the Tube (Russell Square, Euston, Euston Square) and thus in easy reach of all London. Holborn is a 10 minute walk, West End theaters 20 minutes.	
Jan 12 2008	Basic good value authentic art deco style but clean safe and friendly central.	This hotel is 5-10mins walk from Euston station or St Pancreas/Kings Cross Station. Nice location.It's an excellent cheap option (for London) £62 single room B&amp;B. It's clean, staff are very helpful and friendly, and you feel safe. The hotel doesn't appear to have been refurbished for decades but it's not at all seedy - it's clean and tidy and you feel like you are stepping back in time. It's got an interesting art deco style - but don't expect modern well furnished fittings they are old but functional.I had a bedroom at the back of the hotel and I was amazed how quiet it was -brilliant -no noise from traffic at all. The room also was great for blackout.The breakfast was buffet eat as much as you like - usual stuff all fine apart from the tea and coffee which was cheap and nasty - take your own.There is no wi- fi but reception directed me to a sister hotel round the corner (2mins) which has free wifi at the bar area which we hotel guests can use - worked fine.So above average for the cost.	
Jan 1 2008 	good stay	If you are there to see London and not a hotel room, it is an adequate budget hotel. The staff was very helpful and freindly. The conceirge desk was especially helpful. We felt safe in and around the hotel. Good restuarants close by were hard to find. it is a $10 to $15 cab ride from most attractions and or a 3 minute walk from the tube. I would stay there again.	
Dec 26 2007	Location Location Location	As the title suggests the best thing this hotel has going for it is location. It is close to Russell Square and to several tube stations. Tavistock Square opposite the hotel is a surprise. Take a while to walk around and look at the dedications and the statue. The hotel itself is of a basic standard but comfortable. The fit out is fading but they are making efforts to maintain a reasonable standard. The rooms were clean and tidied daily. The beds were comfortable and the linen fresh. The best part of our experience in this hotel was the helpfulness of the staff. The main problem we experienced were the key cards on the room door which refused to work but the staff were always available to solve the problem. I would stay there again.	
Dec 24 2007 	Not bad but...	Well, it’s not so bad as some reviews said. I found it fair for its price and location (so close to the British museum and metro stations).But, of course, there are some negative points that you should know about in advance: -Continental breakfast its minimal (not to say lousy)-On one side of the hotel there’s a night club that plays loud music until late at night. Our first room was lovely but we had to change our room because of that noise and they gave us a smaller and quitter room .-You can hear a lot of noise from the street (like cars, ambulances, etc.)I wouldn’t mind going back to this hotel but I would look for some alternatives first.	
Dec 21 2007	Not nice	Stayed in the Tavistock after a night out in London. It was a real chore checking in and the &quot;new&quot; card key system doesn't seem to work. It involved (for me) shlepping back to reception twice from the 7th floor and then finally went up to the room a third time with the concierge. For a London hotel the bar shut early (there is nothing else to do) and the bar staff were a bit surly. It's only saving grace is that it is inexpensive by London standards. On the whole a bit of a lavatory.	
Dec 12 2007	Difficult to deal with	The Tavistock is cheap for central London, and in a good spot. We stayed in a room which was clean and comfortable (own bathroom), but the reception and other staff were difficult to deal with. Long waits to check in and out, and I twice waited behind travellers having heated conversations with reception staff about overcharging, room keys that wouldn't work. Breakfast is decent but supervised by cranky staff. They told us there was Internet connection available in rooms but there wasn't, which caused a lot of inconvenience. Would probably stay there again if we didn't need to work while there.	
Dec 5 2007 	Good location - but very poor hotel	I stayed here through work and as others have commented, the location is great BUT there are several things wrong with this place which would prevent me from staying here again.The reservations staff I dealt with were incompetent - in the run up to my stay I tried three times to alter my booking and they got it wrong each time - it didn't even get resolved on check in and I was locked out of my room on the second day! (I think English, which was mentioned in the previous review, is indeed a problem for a lot of staff). The hotel was probably once quite grand but now looks very shabby and run down. The rooms are small and outdated, but acceptable for the price in central London. What I did find to be rather 'cheap' were thebeverage packs where you get one tea bag and powdered creamer - which tasted foul - per day. You also only get a few small tablets of cheap soap in the bathroom - no shampoo or anything. I wasn't expecting the Ritz but this felt like any expense spared on the guest was begrudged!The website stated that rooms had hair dryers but failed to say you need to leave a £20 deposit to use one and they're not even modern ones! As with the other reviews here breakfast was awful and staff unhelpful - when I asked for tea I was brought half a cup of luke warm slop! The toast was barely shown to a toaster and the juices cheap and watered down. I normally enjoy taking breakfast in a hotel but my advice would be don't bother. If you're looking for a cheap crash pad with easy access to Euston fine but for a nice few days in London spend some extra cash and enjoy your stay somewhere else!	
Nov 26 2007 	Good location awful service	Booked this hotel through Hotelopia. I did read the reviews here beforehand but went ahead with the booking because the price was reasonable considering it's in central London and the reviews were not that bad!!First the good points:The hotel is in an excellent location. Less than 10 minutes walk from both Euston station (which has mainline and underground services) and Russel Square underground station (on the Piccadilly line). It really is simple to get to both and like previous reviewers, the journey is easy and you can feel pretty safe even at night.The next good point, there seems to be plenty of hot water as we had showers at odd times and never had a problem getting hot water with good pressure.So what's wrong with it?Firstly the hotel is in desperate need of a revamp. The decor and furnishings are looking very tired. The carpets are straight out of the 70s with garish floral designs. If you are used to modern, clean looking hotels then you will be disappointed.I agree with a previous reviewer who commented on the strange room allocation system. We booked a few weeks in advance for a double room but were given a twin instead. All the doubles apparently having gone even though we had booked one and had received confirmation. This could of course be Hoteopia's fault, difficult to tell. The room we got was on the 7th floor although there were 2 lifts, both working and seemingly reliable.The rooms are very basic, 2 single beds, a bedside table, desk, old TV (with no remote) and a simple small-ish bathroom with old fashioned bath taps which switch to being a shower although ours only managed to switch half way with a lot of the water spurting out of the tap fitting instead of going into the shower head! The shower does not adjust at all so if you are tall like me you have to crouch down!There is no iron in the rooms (there was a trouser press although I am not sure who uses these things anymore!). Instead there is an &quot;ironing room&quot; which is on the first floor. A tad inconvenient having to go down 6 floors only to find it closed. Also there are no hair dryers as my girlfriend found out. Instead you can borrow a model from the 1950s for a £20 deposit!The two towels you are given have to be the thinnest towels I have ever seen. I have very short hair but still found it difficult to dry myself without the towel being completely saturated each time. My girlfriend has long curly hair and she had no chance! We had to ask for more towels and were given 2 more thread bare examples. They do not seem to understand hand towels. At least we could rotate them with 4!!You don't mind the above problems because you have probably paid a reasonable price considering the central location.The main problem with this hotel is the staff. I appreciate that this is not the Hilton or anything approaching it however one expects that staff working in a hotel would receive some kind of training as to what is expected in a hotel!!First things first, almost all of the staff are foreign. I think throughout our entire stay we came across only one member of staff that could actually speak proper English. They can often be heard speaking amongst themselves in small groups in all manner of languages other than English. If people can speak multiple languages as well as English that is to be applauded and I have no problem in them being foreign providing they can at least speak English. This is London after all.!The cleaners were loud, chattering in groups of 4 or 5 outside your room at 8.00am when you are trying to get some sleep. They seemed to completely ignore the &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs on the door, often trying to open the doors whilst we were trying to sleep. Luckily the doors had an additional catch on them however this is still a huge disturbance when you are trying to sleep. They also seemed to like to open 4 or 5 rooms at once to clean and were therefore opening/closing doors and chatting to their colleagues for over an hour just outside our room.The cleaners were bad however the real problem is the restaurant and bar staff. I don't believe they have been given any kind of training as to what customers might expect when having a meal or ordering a drink. Trying to get a coffee in the morning was almost impossible. We had to ask the same waiter (on 2 mornings in a row) 3 times for some coffee and when he eventually brought it, he inexplicably put it down on an empty table next to us! On one occasion he said yes then just completely ignored me and carried on with what he was doing then walked away! I could not really believe it was happening in a hotel charging almost £100 a night! Most of the staff just seem to be wandering around the restaurant area trying to look busy!!The tables are dirty, not made up at all. The staff were ushering us to sit down at a table that had dirty knives, used napkins, butter stains and jam all over the table. Asking for fresh cutlery was as painful as trying to get coffee. In every hotel I have been in before, the tables are remade or at least cleaned after each customer leaves. This is what I expect in a hotel.The breakfast was basic and to be honest the quality was pretty poor although there was at least plenty of it should you be hungry. The juices had clearly been watered down, not something you would expect in a hotel!We asked to leave our bags on the day of check-out which we could do but were then charged by one of the staff. Whether this was hotel policy or just the staff making a bit on the side is unclear. I certainly don't recall being charged for this service at any other hotel I have stayed at.Overall if you not bothered about service or facilities and just need somewhere to lay your head for a few nights whilst visiting London then this hotel will do the job, especially given the location. However, if the hotel is in anyway meant to compliment your holiday or visit then look elsewhere or you will be disappointed.	
Nov 19 2007 	I keep returning to the Tavistock	This was my sixth stay at the Tavistock. I considered trying something more posh for this trip, but after reading reviews of other hotels I was considering, I decided to go with a safe choice.The Tavistock is very basic, but clean and well located. Yes, refurbishment would be nice, but at least what exists is well maintained. If you're looking for a standard North American Holiday Inn, forget it. The Tavistock provides a small room with 2 twin beds, bureau/desk, remote TV and tea making facilities. The bathroom is clean, has tons of hot water and includes 1 towel per person and tiny hotel soap. If you request an extra towel, no problem.As a woman travelling alone, the Tavistock's location was ideal. It is less than a 5 minute walk from the Russell Square tube station and I was quite comfortable walking home alone after an evening at the theater. The young Irish men at the porter's desk were very helpful about trains, taxis and walking routes.I've stayed at the Tavistock 6 times in 6 years and will likely return on trip number 7!!	
Nov 12 2007	Nice Hotel good location.	We stayed at the Tavistock Hotel twice in Oct. 2007, The 1st time for 4 nights and the 2nd time for 9 nights. On the first visit we were given a room on the 2nd floor directly above the disco. With the change of no smoking in London, everyone from the club went outside to smoke just under our room. It got quite noisy. We asked for and were given a new room the next morning on the other side of the hotel. The 2nd time we stayed at the Hotel we were given a top floor room away from the club. We did have some street noise but not bad. The rooms are small but very clean and well maintained. We found the staff very helpful and always nice. The hotel is near the Russell Square Underground Station and in a good location for a visit to London. Breakfast was provided: sausage, bacon, eggs, beans ect. after 9 days became a little old. We spent very little time in our room and were on the go all day, so having a clean comfortable place to sleep was nice. When you check in stay away from the lower rooms that face Tavistock Square ask for a high floor. We would stay here again!	
Nov 4 2007 	What a quaint checking in system	We arrived mid-evening to join a lengthy queue to check in. Rooms are allocated on arrival on the computer - so it takes some time. I had booked and paid for 2 rooms some months before, but because we only arrived in the evening, they were allocated then - we had one on the first floor and one on the top floor! Apparently, it we wanted them near each other, we should have stipulated this as a &quot;special request&quot;. The reception staff are all foreign and this seemed to be proving a problem too with some of the foreign guests not being able to understand them. I was a bit worried about heavy traffic outside, but I hadn't reckoned on the fact that our room (no 845) was directly above the ventilation shafts and adjacent to the lift with its ancient pulley system. The whole room seemed to vibrate every few seconds with this. It calmed down around 1.00 am but then cranked up again around 4.30 as people left for airports etc. So no, we couldn't possibly hear the traffic noise above all that. That aside, the room and bathroom were fine. Breakfast was good with a cheery waitress. It is handily placed for all the nearby tubes and restaurants. Excellent location.	
Oct 22 2007 	Clean basic hotel	We arrived on Sat 20th Oct at 12 noon, check-in not until 2pm, receptionist said we could check-in early but that they could only provide rooms on the 1st floor at that time and more than likely they would be a bit noisey, she advised us to leave our bags with the porter and check-in later to get a room on a higher floor which we did. We were then provided with 3 twin rooms on the 3rd floor.Bedrooms - quite a good size for London and clean.En-suite - toilet, sink, bath with shower all very clean, shower had loads of power and good supply of hot water. Only one medium sized towel provided per person you might want to take a hand towel with you along with shampoo etc. as soap is all that the hotel provides.Jacques wine bar - service a bit slow but the food made up for this, however it did not make up for one very unmannerly waitress who was far from helpful and it must have been a close female relative of hers that was running the bar/lounge because she was worse again, made you feel completely unwelcome and that she was doing you some sort of favour by serving you thats if you could get her attention away from watching the x-factor in order to serve you. However there was a very nice hungarian man also serving.Breakfast - a very good buffet selection, cereals, fruit, full english.In a whole the hotel is good value for money for London, in a good location (not to noisey) and although very clean could do with a bit of a revamp. Most of the staff are foreign and quite helpful and pleasant apart form the two mentioned above.I would stay here again.Tavistock gardens outside is a lovely area for a good stretch of the limbs or to take a nice seat in to read the paper after breakfast.	
Oct 19 2007	Very disappointing	We had originally spent our honeymoon at this hotel but my goodness what a change for the worse. We were on the first floor which I summised was the grottiest and reserved for customers only spending one night there. Other people in the lift going to higher floors all looked cheerful so felt that the rooms improved the higher up you went. The hotel receptionist gave us a 'high' room number and an irrate supervisor ticked him off for giving us &quot;that room&quot; and she gave us 116 instead - awful. Tiny, musty, no view and small bed. Breakfast middling - a bit like a bun fight. Spending my birthday in London so trawling the net to find somewhere half decent this time.	
Oct 15 2007 	Comfortable hotel	Once again we have found the Tavistock Hotel to be comfortable, clean and friendly. The location is good too as is the price.Glad the Tavistock is there!	
Oct 9 2007 	Pleasently surprised!	Me and my boyfriend went to London on February and we had no ideia of what kind of hotel we would find there. When we arrived at Tavistock we were very pleased with the location (really near teh center), the room (bigger than we expected, considering we were in London) and the staff (very helpful and nice). The breakfast was simple but ok.It's not a five star hotel, but it's an excellent choice to everyone who wants to see london and not spend a lot of money!	
Oct 3 2007 	VFM-Budget-Location-Take Higher Floors	Hi.. I stayed at the Hotel for 3 nights between 18th - 21st Sept. 2007.I was expecting some horrors, however was surprised by some aspects of the Hotel:Positives :- Very good location. Close to the tube stations (a) Euston &amp; (b) Russel Square.Ruseel Square is the Picadilly line connecting Heathrow and Euston is the Northern line. This offered me great options when I wanted to move about in London using the tube. No distance is far if you use the tube in London... (Tip : Buy your Oyster card immediately on entry to London at the first tube stn. (Heathrow or any other airport).- Very Clean Hotel, couldnt complain on anything about cleanliness. Also staying on the upper floors is recommended.I stayed on the floor 7 which was excellent. Lack of airconditioning means it can get stuffy in the room and you will need to open your windows. There is a distinct food smell on the inside of the courtyard which can be a concern if you are on the lower floors and not have the road side rooms.- Value for Money pricing.. the hotel is not overpriced for the convenient location, clean room and ample hot water. Efficient if minimal breakfast. (Service in the restaurant could be better).- The open space / square in front of the hotel is a boon and almost an extension of the hotel. Good to spread your arms and take a walk.Negatives :- Not a hotel if you are looking to enjoy the hotel and the service. The hotel is a very efficient, comfortable place if you need to move about in london and use the hotel room and services sparingly.- The lower floors may not be very good.. so insist on higher floors.- They always treat you better when you book through BA holidays.. you might get a better room choice as compared to others.- The Philipino service could certainly be much much better.. not very friendly. Almost had to plead for my tea / coffee in the restaurant.- Do not allow late checkout or early checkins.. so be prepared.. no amount of requests will yield anything from them.- Very slow reception. There is always a queue there.. and be prepared to be standing with your luggage.- Entry Smart Card stops working often. In 3 nights, i had to get my card programmed thrice. This meant first going to the room and then coming back all over again to the reception and after that standing in the queque.. This was the biggest let down.Overall, however I would still consider staying at the hotel again. But strictly if you need a budget hotel and are planning to be out of your room most times.	
Sep 26 2007	Never again	Our experience with this hotel was not good. We stayed in a room on the second floor which backed on an area that had something to do with ventilation. There was some kind of vent noise emanating from the area which lasted for two or three seconds every 10 seconds all night long. Not to mention the dumping of garbage or whatever . So you could not leave the window open because of the noise. This was nice because it allowed us to hear the TV in the next room going till after midnight. The free continental breakfast featured kippers, or at least some kind of smelly fish, as well as toast stored under a heat lamp, which was a new feature to me. Left it with a kind of rubbery texture and with no chance of burning yourself.The one good thing is that it certainly encourages you to stay out as long as you can and enjoy London.	
Sep 16 2007	good budget hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights.Reception was very efficient and speedy.Rooms were small but very clean,good ensuite facilities.Breakfast was good and waiter service efficient and friendly.The only complaint I had was when checking out,I politely asked one of the porters to call me a taxi,he politely asked me to go out into the street and flag one down!The other porter who was already outdoors hailed us a cab.The hotel is in a great area with a few good restaurants and shops to choose from,also it is an easy walk to the centre of London or easily reached by using the underground which was nearby.	
Sep 16 2007 	Very nice	Stayed in Tavistock 4 nights. Room was very nice and clean. There was enough space for two travellers and our baggages. We asked room from courtyard side of hotel and it was very quiet all time. Location was just superb!! I highly recommend hotel and also I will be there again.	
Sep 11 2007	Lumpy Bed!!!!	The room was quite small, and stuffy. We opened the window to get some fresh air, unfortunately our room faces the inner courtyard where the restaurants are . . .and we got a full blasts of sauted onions . . .by the way the restaurant opens early in the morning till 11 pm. The room has no airconditioner thus your choices are to sweat it out or to smell like a walking sausage with onions.The worse thing about this stay is not the ventilation but the BED. I dont have back problems but I get lower back pain when I wake every morning. This is by far the worse bed I've ever slept in. It has no support and very lumpy. If you bump into it, the bed rolls. . . definitely it is a lightweight, the cheapest one the hotel could get. I requested a bed change at the front desk, I was told all the beds are like that. Have mercy on your back, skip this hotel.On the plus side, the hotel stuff are hurried but very nice.ILT, Washington DC	
Aug 29 2007	Just Grand!	Stayed in this hotel for two nights. Price was pretty good for the handiness of the location at £168 for a twin. Staff were all very nice and helpful and the hotel had good facilities. The porters stored our luggage all day for £1!! It was a basic room but as I only slept there it would have been a waste of money to go for anything fancy. One disapointment was the breakfast that was (despite being there when it opened) quite cold and the coffee a tad on the strong side. Other than that though it was 5 mins from Tube on picadilly line and surrounded by good cheap places to eat. I will definitely stay there again! PS ask for a rubber bath mat the shower is really slippy.	
Aug 29 2007 	Good Location	My husband, myself and my 16 year old son stayed here last weekend. I booked a triple room which was fine, but a bit cramped, The room is usually used as a twin but a fold-up bed had been provided to make a triple, which made the room a lot smaller. It was ok for us, as we only stayed the one night, any longer then I would most certainly need more room. The en-suite bathroom was ok, very small compared to others that I have stayed in.The breakfast was very good and plenty of it, you could go up as many times as you like to refill your plate.On the whole a good hotel, I would stay here again as it was in a great location.I dont think they should have charged as much for the triple, as I said it was a twin with an extra bed.The room did need a bit of redecorating, it was looking a bit tired, but a great place to stay for one night!.	
Aug 27 2007 	Not a bad budget hotel	Stayed in the Tavistock for one night whilst out in London.It is part of the Imperial Hotel chain and the Royal National is just around the corner which is also part of the group. The Tavistock is a much smaller hotel and I think preferable..Royal National looked as if it could have been a airport - reception area really busy.The Tavistock is an OK hotel, rooms are small but clean. Staff were friendly and checkout efficient and we didn''t have any delays. Breakfast is included but isn't up to much as it's mass catering.There is a cafe in the hotel (Jacques I think) which offers a much better selection.So - this is not a luxury hotel by any means but it is in a good location (Russell square) which is quiet over the weekend but busier during the week	
Aug 7 2007	Basic hotel but good value for money	I stayed at The Tavistock Hotel on 06 August 2007. It was virtually next door to a business meeting.The hotel is pretty basic but as others have said it's spotlessly clean and oodles of hot water. There is everything one could want and I found it very safe as a single female business traveller. I paid £62 for a single room (2 single beds) and full breakfast.My room overlooked Tavistock Square and it was quite nosiy until about 3am with passing traffic. Others have commented on the wamth of the rooms and I found mine the same (6th floor).A plus was having a proper sized bath and shower.Ok, not a luxury place but if what you are wanting is good, celan, safe accommodation at a reasoanble price, don't hesitate to book. The staff are lovely and there are also free newspapers. The bar is open to residents until 1am too.I would go back to the hotel without hesitation.	
Jul 28 2007	Philipino Philipino Philipino	I was so proud that i was going back home to london for a short holiday. i was happy with the hotel room but the service was terrible. The staff which was all philipinos who kept talking in their language and kept ignoring the guest.They kept disturbing my sleep by banging on the walls while cleaning and disturbing me despite the sign on the door saying do not disturb. this is because the 90 % of the staff who were philipinos could not speak or read english. Staying there felt like i was in philiphines not London extremely disapointed and will never stay there again on my visits in futureI recommed a staff mix would certainly be a bonus for this hotel as the rooms are very nice but the staff were terrible. The hotel has all beautiful facilities and its a shame that the staff gives this wonderful hotel a bad name.	
Jul 19 2007 	Recommended!	I have passed the Tavistock several times so knew the location was very good before i booked. I had read mixed reviews but the art deco look of the exterior and reception/bar were appealing so i thought i'd give it a try. I did read on one site that the non-smoking rooms have been modernised at some point but the smoking rooms have not so this might well explain the mixed reviews.Our room was on the 6th floor and for the price was reasonably good. The separate bathroom and toilet looked recently refitted and spotlessly clean but it's worth noting before you go that they only provide soap, no other toiletries. The room itself was smallish but bright and clean with a decent sized wardrobe and dressing table, tea and coffee making facilities and TV. We didn't have much of a view (facing the back of the hotel) but as it was quite a hot weekend we were able to open the window without too much traffic noise.We had a free 3 course meal for the first night (an offer when booking directly with Imperial Hotels) and ate in the bright, modern Jacques Wine Bar. Service was attentive and though the food was nothing out of the ordinary it certainly wasn't a poor meal. Breakfast was served in the main restaurant and this room again was bright and modern (being recently refurbished). Ok it's not the best choice but many hotels in this bracket only include a continental breakfast, if that. You get to choose from grapefruit or orange segments, cereals or muesli, haddock, bacon, sausage, fried/boiled/scrambled eggs, tomatoes and baked beans. Personally i'd have liked mushrooms and found the orange juice very watery but the food i did have was piping hot and tasty.If you want a clean, central hotel i'd say the Tavistock is a good choice. If you want better in this location you'll definitely have to hike up your budget.	
Jul 15 2007	Good location	Aftrer reading mixed reviews on here I was a bit dubious about choosing this hotel.We stayed for two nights and it was more than enough for a 'base' and very fair for the price. We arrived early(having checked we could leave our bags)but were given our keys so headed straight up to unpack.Room was on the 6th floor and faced the square.Room was much bigger than expected,very clean,kettle and tea bags,sep bathroom and toilet. Very pleasant room as we only wanted it for base and were out sight seeing most of the time.We didnt have enough hangers so called housekeeping and more appeared in our room on our return. Good bus links but we walked almost everywhere.For the price very cosy,great location and would def use again. Downside,breakfast was very poor,not much choice and 'hot plated'.Also if your not used to a city the noise is a problem;as in other reviews the rooms were roasting,no probs to have your windows open but the traffic is very bad if your not used to it.It comes down to which you can sleep through easiest the heat or the noise. Having said that we wish we had gone for longer and will certainly be using this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great for the Price	I stayed here for seven days. My room was very clean but very outdated. The key to this hotel is location, location, location. It is in Central London, and central to all London has to offer. It is also only 5 blocks from Russel Square Station; Russel Square Station is on the Piccadilly line (blue) that takes you straight to Heathrow Airport. University of London's University College is three blocks away.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good value for money	I booked 3 rooms at this hotel in May: a double for my partner and myself, a twin and a triple for family. The double we had was on the top floor with lovely view over Tavistock Square. Very clean room (looks refurbished) with trouser press, hair dryer, tea/coffee etc. the normal. The down side to having that lovely view was the very noisy traffic at night with sirens/ambulance going all through the night (a hazard in most of central London...). The twin room and triple face inwards, looking out onto other buildings so there is no view to speak of. On the other hand they were really quiet (I slept one night in the triple after my partner went home early) and might be a better option if noise is an issue for you. looks fine as well. The triple room looked more tired and old with faded carpets and dodgy wardrobes but otherwise clean. Breakfast was ok. We had the full English which was a buffet. NOt fantastic quality but a good spread in terms of quantity and variety. We had vouchers for free dinner the first night and went to Saracen’s Carver at President Hotel (part of the group). Good spread of items on offer but cooked rather badly. unfortunately one of the worst restaurants I've been to in England. We would have been better off going to Poppadom Express Buffet just round the corner from our hotel (also included in the free meal offer). Less than 10 minutes walk from Russell Square tube station, with internet cafe, convenience stalls, cafes and restaurants nearby. Great location and unbeatable price for central London. I will stay there again.	
Jul 9 2007 	Fantastic Value	The Tavistock is located in a pleasant area of London, very near to Euston station.The hotel is fairly basic, but is exceptionally clean and well kept, despite its obvious age. The period Art Deco features are really characterful.All of the staff were friendly, and stored our bags for us for 50p per bag per day !Well recommended for the budget traveler in London.	
Jun 16 2007 	Great with one caveat	The Tavistock is in a great location for travellers - it's on the Picadilly line that allows for great transportation back and forth from Heathrow (Russell Square stop 4 pounds) and around the corner from the British National Museum. The Hotel is Art Deco - good staff, clean and basic - it is great for the money with a breakfast included and sometimes a supper the first night (check their website under Imperial Hotels). It's not fancy but I had no problem with what we received for the money. We booked a double and a triple room. The double was down the hall away from the lifts and was very good. The Triple is next to the lift and the boiler pipe (which heats the hot water and the rooms to an unbearable temperature) do not stay in the Triples as they are all along the same area and truly are extremely hot (no a/c and the fans don't help enough). As I said, rooms are clean and spartan and the showers provide hot and good pressured showers - what more can you ask for combined with great location in London!	
Jun 15 2007 	No Hot Water	I recently booked a room in the Tavistock Hotel due to its location and affordable price. Despite the price, my stay was so poor that I cut it short and moved to a different hotel at considerable cost. On the pro side, it was inexpensive, included breakfast (albeit poor) with the room and was reasonably clean. Unfortunately on the con side my room was extremely noisy, very hot with poor ventilation, contained two absolutely tiny twin beds on rollers, was completely undecorated and was not supplied with shampoo. In fact, to obtain shampoo I stopped at the front desk and they directed me to go to room 811--bizzare! To top it all off, the second morning I stayed at the Tavistock there was no hot water.In short, I would only stay in this hotel again if I could not find another, superior hotel in the same price range.	
May 17 2007 	Art Deco hotel lovely stay	I stayed one week in April 2007. I had previously stayed 12 nights in 1988. I am a fan of Art Deco, and found the Art Deco main floor and lobby is lovely! I had no problem with the water in the bathrooms. Rooms don't have shampoo or kleenix. The soap is fine. I asked to face not the street, but other buildings so my room was quiet. I was given a room with two twin beds, which was larger than what I''ve usually been given in other London hotels. And, upon arrival in late morning, I was given my room; again some other London hotels won't provide access until late afternoon.The buffet breakfast is more than adequate. I ate eggs, bacon, sausage, cereal, some fruit, juices, bread. The hot chocolate was rich, in fact richer than a few other London hotels I've stayed in.The hotel provides near the breakfast room complimentary copies of the Daily Telegraph.I asked for a daily wakeup telephone call. Unlike some other London hotels, the wakeup call never failed. Staff were very nice.The rooms had been redone since I was last there in 1988. The price I was paying- booked directly thru the hotel's website, was a true bargain. You can't do better in London! And, the hotel is about one tenth a mile from the tube stop, with various food convenience stores along the way, and at the Russell Square tube stop a Tesco express and a supermarket.	
Apr 24 2007 	Good location but too noisy	My husband was attending a conference in nearby square, part of London University. They booked the hotel for us because of location. Rate was 84 pounds for a double room. The room was very small and on top floor overlooking the square. Even with the windows closed at night I found it far too noisy with police cars, buses and traffic all night long. The bed was very uncomfortable. Might be better to ask for a room facing inwards. Staff in hotel pleasant and helpful. Location of hotel good for public transport. Would not stay here again.	
Apr 19 2007	Awful	There's been a fair amount of debate about the true meaning of 'irony' - I'm fairly sure this isn't a textbook definition, but when I spotted complimentary copies of interior design and style magazine Wallpaper in the Tavistock Hotel reception, it was the word that sprang to mind. As I leafed through the glossy photographs of stylish interiors, the Tavistock was diametrically opposed to them in every way. The other thought which came to me on entering the hotel was a line from the film Withnail and I... &quot;It was like walking into a lung. A sulfur-stained, nicotine yellow and fly-blown lung.&quot;Back in the 1930s it was probably a nice enough place - the problem is that much of the hotel has not been updated since then (and I don't mean that in a good way). To be fair, some parts of the place probably did receive a lick of paint and some new carpet in the eighties.... The decor is shabby throughout, punctuated only by numerous peculiar signs advising, for example, to keep your window shut in windy weather 'for safety reasons'.The only room that they had available when I stayed was a smoking room, which stank. This is something which it had in common with the bar - a dire place full of ashen-faced clientelle and surly, rude bar staff.I was amazed to discover that there was no shower gel or shampoo provided in the room, only some incredibly pungent bars of soap. Similarly disappointing were the tea and coffee facilities - a resealable plastic bag containing loose tea bags, powdered milk and a plastic spoon. In any case, the kettle looked so ancient and discoloured that I didn't touch it.The price included breakfast, but I was warned off this by a fellow guest, and I wasn't chancing it anyway - by the time morning came I couldn't leave the place fast enough. To get out onto the pavement and breathe the fresh air of freedom once more was by far the best part of the whole experience.In summary, and for the avoidance of any doubt, the place is an absolute hole - I will never stay there again, and recommend that you avoid it at all costs.	
Apr 12 2007 	Enjoyed our stay...	After making our reservations, I came across this review site and was a bit concerned about the negative reviews....They are sooo un-true, at least for us! Now this is a moderate priced hotel in a very nice neighborhood. The staff was friendly &amp; helpful. Although the resturaunt area was just finishing a remodeling phase, they made good use of the bar area for breakfast, which was complimentary and filling. There was free wi-fi in the lobby area, but sometimes not enough seats, especially at peak hours. But there was a free wi-fi coffee house just around the corner, just across the street from one of the University buildings.Easy access to public transportation &amp; walking distance to several fast-food resturaunts. There was also a cafeteria style resturaunt near by that was very reasonable. Our other find was the sightseeing booth in that same square. These folks were very knowledgeable and reasonable and Never a hard sell. We would definetely consider staying at the Tavistock Hotel again and hope we get the chance. Thanks for a Wonderful Memory of London!	
Apr 6 2007 	Very good value for money	Located in a clean, safe neighborhood in Bloomsbury, quiet but for the traffic noise you would expect in London, the Tavistock is part of a chain of six hotels that cover pretty much of the area. It is one block away from Russel Square underground station and an easy stroll from the British Museum. My wife and I stayed there for a three-day mini-holiday in April. We did not expect too much from this budget hotel, and we were more than satisfied with what we got. Our room on the eighth floor was basic and fairly small (some climbing over the bed involved to avoid bumping into each other), but perfectly clean. The bed was all right. TV set and teakettle (complimentary teabags and coffee) worked fine, so did the heating (unlike other reviewers we had no problem turning it on and off in our room); the window opened easily. The bathroom was clean like the rest, no moldy corners, the usual hotel soap supplied daily. There is a European socket. Sheets and towels were changed every day. Breakfast (Continental) held no surprises, pleasant or unpleasant , service was quick and polite. We did not try the hotel bar, but it looked decent enough. Storing your baggage after checkout is 50p per item - I wonder why they bother, I suppose you would tip them anyway.All in all: A clean, friendly place, ideally located. We would not hesitate to book there again and bring the kids next time.	
Mar 26 2007	Very Good value.I liked it	I stayed at the Tavistock on a business trip.It was a few minutes from the conference venue and very handy for the tube at Russell square and bus stop opposite.Taxis always handy.We actually walked to Covent Garden and Walked back from Oxford street in the evening.Yes the retro style is a little dated but actually I really liked it.The room was a good size and had seperate toilet and bathroom.I have paid an awful lot more for worse in London.I would definatly stay again.At the price it is brilliant I only paid £55 for a double room to myself which for London is good.The only downside was the &quot;continetal breakfast.&quot;frankly don't bother and do one of the excellent cafes around about.There is a nice one in Russell spuare gardens.Overall I would say this is excellent value and good location.	
Mar 25 2007 	My 2nd stay in 7 months	As the title suggests, this was my 2nd stay and I'm glad to say it went just as well, if not better. Other people who have reviewed this hotel mention the size of the rooms and to be honest I don't see what they are complaining about. My first stay was with a mate and we shared a twin room, and I must admit it was a bit of a squeeze, but not as big a deal as some made out. As the weather was really hot, being August, the room was unbelievably hot and stuffy, so this meant we had to keep the windows wide open, which was a nightmare in the morning as the sounds from the kitchen below wafted up, but we were having a good holiday, so it didn’t really spoil things that much. This time round I had a double room, and my parents were in another room just up the corridor, both had plenty of room to get around. Theirs was really warm again, but my room was just fine, if not a wee bit cold at one point, so looks like they do have an issue with heating, but nothing worth complaining about. The restaurant had been done up since my last visit, so it looked nicer than last time, but it made having breakfast a wee bit confusing as the cereals were round the other side of an island with all the hot food, along with the price for having a English breakfast. So for people like me who are a dopey in the morning, be careful, I had a full English when my room only came with a continental, but the waiter let me off when he saw I’d made a genuine mistake :o) Overall, a nice enough stay, and the location is perfect for getting around.	
Mar 23 2007 	Exactly what you need on vacation	I stayed at the Tavistock with my partner in November of 2005. We arrived quite early in the morning from New York so our room wasn't ready yet. But the porters stowed our bags and we were off to see London for a bit. When we returned around lunchtime, our room was ready. It was quite small, but from what I hear, so is every other room in central London. The bathroom was clean and everything worked fine. The room had a hot pot in it to boil water, which we found very convenient to make those Cup-o-noodle type soups that we bought at the nearby convenience store. Great late night snack when the jet lag kicks in!The lobby bar is smokey and vintage, but we actually spent one full night of our vacation there with a friend that we met at a different bar! It's a nice little joint, reasonably priced and the bartender was very fun. The free breakfast is basically coffee, juice, and toast, but it does the trick to get you through till lunch. The cooked breakfast is expensive and didn't look all that appetizing.The hotel is located only a few blocks from the Russel Square stop on the Piccadilly Line. Be that as it may, we chose to walk to many of the sights, including London Tower, Tower Bridge, Covent Garden, and Piccadilly Circus. It's not a short distance, but if you don't mind huffing it there, you can always catch the underground home. Just don't get stuck too late, or you'll miss the last tube back! This happened to us and we ended up paying a man with a bike to give us a ride home. Very fun! There is also an internet cafe just around the corner (a bit pricey though) and some small convenience stores nearby. Overall, I would definitely stay at the Tavistock again. We booked it through British Airways' website and got a great rate. We didn't spend all that much time in the room, so the fact that it was small didn't bother us a bit. Oh, and one more thing...if you arrive back at the hotel very late (or should I say very early in the morning) it is locked. But a quick knock on the door and the porter appears to let you in. The bars in London are GREAT!	
Mar 8 2007 	Not good - would not recommend	1 night was only £62 which is cheap for London, but be prepared to find stains on the wallpaper and bedding, very hot rooms, a long queue at reception at check in and check out and an overcrowded breakfast room. Not a pleasant experince overall but ok if you expect basic facilities and service.	
Mar 1 2007 	Not that bad - considering	Stayed here for a business trip in London. Check in was really fast and easy and the room was clean and tidy. The bed was a bit lumpy but the shower was the most powerful I think I've ever used! Breakfast when we were there was a bit of a free for all but that was possibly because they were having work done in the dining room so the bar became the breakfast room and it clearly wasn't big enough for the job.All in all it was an OK stay. You get what you pay for, especially in London. I've paid more and got less before. Nothing to complain about but equally nothing to write home about.	
Feb 28 2007	Faulty Towers	I stayed two nights at the hotel in feb 2007.The hotel itself is ok - fairly old and slightly run down but considering the location it is ok - my main problem was that the hot water runs yellow and the rooms are noisy.The reception staff were very helpful and friendly.The breakfast is appalling - rude staff and all the food without exception is terrible - soggy toast, bad coffee (if you are lucky enough to get any) and watered down juice. The scrambled eggs were far to similar looking to the porridge.For the price there are better hotels B&amp;Bs in the area.	
Feb 27 2007	Ok but noisy nightclub in basement	My partner &amp; I stayed for one saturday night in the middle of February and found the hotel pretty good value for money. The location is great for Central London and the rooms ok, bathroom clean, tv etc. BUT there is a basement nightclub and the music reverberated around the whole hotel and we were kept awake until 3a.m. When I telephoned reception to complain they said they would phone down to ask them to turn down the music but it made no difference. I wouldnt stay there again, and would recommed anyone thinking of staying to check whether the nightclub will be open on the nights they want to stay!	
Feb 23 2007	Good value for money	I booked this hotel through [----] with my flight to London for £59 per night. For the price of a single, I got a twin room, which was spacious and had a bathroom and a separate toilet. Nothing luxurious-- but hey, what do you expect for a £59 room in Central London? The room was clean and the bed, although very narrow, was comfortable enough. There was plenty of hot water -- not something you can take for granted in London. The price included breakfast, and although the voucher said continental breakfast, the buffet actually included full English breakfast, which turned out to be not bad at all. The staff were efficient and polite, if not necessarily friendly (well it's London...).The hotel is conveniently located near Russell Square tube station (a couple of minutes walk), from where you can get a direct tube to Heathrow Airport. It's also convenient for King's Cross and Euston stations. One drawback of this is that you get a lot of traffic noise if your room faces Woburn Street (mine did), so take your ear plugs with you (I did).All in all, this hotel represents an excellent value for money, and I would use it again.	
Feb 18 2007 	Good value and great location	This was my third stay at the Tavistock in two years, purpose being a vacation with West End Theatre a priority. I was there six nights but this was broken up by two nights at Stratford-upon-Avon in the middle.I had booked long in advance ,with my son and his companion joining me two days later. We had requested adjoining rooms which we received in the past without even asking for them.This request was not accomodated nor did there appear to be any effort to do so. While my rooms were fine for a single, my son's second room was very small for two. Having stayed at this hotel in the past, I knew much larger rooms were possible for two people but my son declined to complain as we were not spending much time in the rooms. The price of the double room was much higher than the single.The single was $117. inclusive and the double was $157. That is quite a premium for one additional breakfast, another towel and minimal extra work. It is still a bargain compared to much of London. The rooms are clean and the bathrooms are well supplied with water pressure and hot water.The full English breakfast came with our rooms. Unlike some other reviewers, we found it more than adequate in most respects. The dining room staff is friendly and accomodating.The &quot;college dorm&quot; decor is plain but the beds are comfortable.I would stay here again. Location can't be beat.	
Jan 29 2007 	Shocking	The only good think about this hotel was the receptionist, friendly, quick and professional. Everything else was terrible. Avoid at all costs. I will never ever stay here again	
Jan 9 2007 	What a good stay!	After a great flight over on British Air, we arrived early in the morning. Take a taxi to the hotel its much easier than the tube! After checking into the Tavistock we found our room to be of a fair size and with two beds, tv, and our own bathroom. Complete with shower and toilet! We only stayed in our room to sleep and change for the day so the size didn't really matter! It reminded me of a collage dorm room! Very clean, well kept by the staff. everyone was so nice to us. The dinning area was large and the breakfast buffet was great. Do stay here if you want a nice place to sleep. Its very close to about everything you would want to see in London.	
Jan 6 2007 	Good Hotel but needs a Complete Refurbishing	Good Hotel which Needs Refurbishing. The title says it all. Excellent Location. Rooms average size. We stayed for a whole week. Sound Proofing doesn't exist. We were in a corner room so we had 2 windows. Other hotels in Europe give you more for what you are paying but hey, it's in a super location so it's very good. Russell Station it's just a few metres away. Continental Breakfast (included) but 4 Sterling extra for English breakfast. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Tavistock Hotel. I recommend it.	
Dec 3 2006 	It's an ok place to stay	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times when in that area of London for business.The room rate is cheap for the area (£61 all the time for a single) and it is an ok place to stay.I would recommend asking for a room to the back as the front can suffer from traffic noise, and there is no air-con so you may want to leave the windows open.The rooms are cleanish - sometimes it looks like they could make more effort hoovering. The bathrooms are clean and the showers hot and powerful. I haven't heard noise from other guests.Breakfast is poor. I know the hotel is cheap but they have the limpest eggs sitting under a heat-lamp, runny baked beans and dodgy bacon/sausage. The toast also sits under a heatlamp going rubbery.I cope with this as it is cheap ;o)The staff are friendly and helpful, although I found the bar staff a little rude as they nudged their tips basket towards me as I paid for a drink.Given the choice I wouldn't drink there (nice pubs nearby), and I wouldn't eat dinner there either. I have done so once and the food was very disappointing for the money. Much better to head off towards Charlotte street Having said all this, I will still stay there in future - the location is very good, and I always have a sound night's sleep. Just be aware you aren't paying for 5* luxury!	
Dec 1 2006 	Good budget hotel	This hotel is well located only a few minutes walk from Russell Square Tube station on the Piccadilly line. Goodge St on the Northern line is a little further away but might be more direct. I stayed at the Tavistock for 6 nights and the hotel was reasonable value for money by London prices. £61 for a single included breakfast, which was of limited range but adequate. Despite being November the heating was too much the first night. After that I turned off the radiator valve and cooled the room off before going to bed by opening the window. Despite the double glazing and 6th floor location I was kept awake by the drunks outside in Tavistock Sq. The room size was adequate and the bathroom reasonable. There was a good internet cafe just around the corner.	
Nov 27 2006 	Hated my stay at the Tavistock	What a cheap, terrible hotel.Do not, ever stay in room 142 as you will not sleep! I stayed for 2 nights and didn't get a wink of sleep as it is right next door to the laundry and right on top of the kitchen - you will hear the door bang every 2 secs!!The bathroom is weird - toilet right infront of the door so you cannot walk into it without struggling! Shower was nice though - good power and hot!Single beds - not good when you plan a nice, romantic weekend away!!Forget breakfast - although it says ours was included, you had to pay £4.00 for a 'cooked' breakfast - that is if you are prepared to queue for an hour!!I didn't like to complain, so I put up with it instead, but I am back at work after my weekend away and I am absolutely shattered!!The only plus point I would say is that the porters are really helpful.	
Oct 5 2006 	crap	I stayed at hotel and am disabled and the beds were on castors and every time I tried to transfer to bed it would move and I would end up on floor which was worse at night when husband was asleep no one to hold it steady. I have severe asthma and it was incredibly hot so asked for a fan and did not get one till more than 24 hours later. the website is not acurate there is loads more I could say I will in future if I do not get any satisfaction. I had a large bottle of Dune perfume go missing so if you do go lock up your belongings.	
Sep 25 2006	Well... fortunetly it was just for sleep!!!	Only stayed 5 nights... it was noisy, cold and not very clean! Hairs in the tub, sheets unchanged, dirty towels... the staff wasn't that friendly... the tables in the breakfast always dirty!!! But, well, it was just for sleep and the price was attractive! Beeing near Russel Sq. station tube wasn't that bad also!Good to spend all day out!!!!	
Sep 24 2006 	Great Weekend Stay at the Tavistock	Just returned from a 3 night break at the Tavistock which I viewed with a little trepidation following some of the reviews on this site. However I was more than pleasantly surprised. Yes the hotel was basic but it was what I expected for such little money and the location, but the staff were more than helpful and very friendly. The food in the restaurant was more or less what I have had in other city centre hotesl (often of a higher * rating). Our room although basic, was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was adequate for our needs with an incredible amount of piping hot water. Our only complaint would be the heat in the rooms, We were fortunate enough to be overlooking the quadrangle in the middle so could open our windows fully at night without street noise, but even so the rooms were very very hot with no way of turning the heat down.Having said all this, we were more than happy with our stay at the Tavistock, the location was excellent, 5 minutes from Euston, 5 minutes from Russell Sq. underground and 10 minutes walk tothe British Museum, Great shopping around the corner in the bloomsbury arcade. We will definitely be considering this hotel again should we visit London.	
Sep 24 2006 	A cheaply-decorated hotel with a cheap-tasting breakfast	The Tavistock hotel is a cheaply-decorated budget hotel. Just imagine somebody buying an aging art-deco hotel and 'renovating' it on a shoe-string budget and you begin to get the idea. Whilst the decoration isn't particularly vulgar, and it still looks relatively new, it nevertheless has a cheap look and feel about it. However, with a room rate of only 82 GBP per night, it is still ideal for anyone looking for a basic place to sleep. The hotel is clean throughout, although our supposedly 'clean' towels did have stains on them which was rather unfortunate. The only major criticisms are the sound insulation (there isn't any, meaning you will be woken up regularly) and the breakfast (the food is very, very poor quality).However, despite these downfalls, the low cost of this hotel and its decent location make it a worthwhile place to stay. If you are just looking for a decent, clean bed to sleep in then you could do much worse than the Tavistock!.	
Sep 17 2006 	Good Value for Money	We spent 4 nights at the Tavistock. It was good value for the money. Staff are OK, but conciege staff were not able to answer many of our questions. The hotel is close to Euston station, about 1 block south.Breakfast was included with the room. It was a typical English Breakfast which was OK. The rooms along Woburn Pl can be very noisy if you want to sleep with the windows open.	
Sep 3 2006 	Budget but perfect	The hotel is basic but extremely good for its price. I had not not booked a room and was shown one when I applied at the concierge. The staff were very helpful and friendly, so the day after I booked it. The single room, on the third floor, was larger than average in London, even for a higher price, and very clean. The carpet, wallpaper and furniture may look old fashioned but they are well kept and functional. The room had a large TV, telephone, hairdryer, tea/coffee facilities, a large desk, plenty of drawers, and a wardrobe. The toilet was large; the shower was clean and worked perflectly, with plenty of hot water. There was some traffic noise coming from the street, but I could avoid it by closing the double window (though this may be a problem when the weather is hot, as there is no A/C) and wearing earplugs (only because I'm a light sleeper). The view is on Tavistock square, and is pleasant when foliage is on the trees. The hotel is very convenient for walking to the British Museum and the Charing Cross-Covent Garden-Holborn area. Tube station (Russell square) is very close. There are some restaurants nearby but I'd recommend to visit Charlotte street, 10 mins walk from the hotel, for a better choice. Breakfast is good enough for what it costs (bacon, sausages, eggs, beans, cereals, some fruit, juices and good coffee), actually much better than any I had in most of the nearby B&amp;Bs. Staff in the breakfast room were not particularly friendly (some may seem hostile) but one can ignore them (it's a self-service buffet). As said, staff at the reception were very gentle; so were the porters.I will use this hotel again.	
Aug 5 2006 	Good hotel but too hot	I was there in the end of july and the hot was terrible specially in the hotel. The street is too noisy if you want to sleep with the windows open, because the hotel doesn`t have air cooling (they have a good system to open the windows, but the ambulances and the police cars are really noisy).The hotel is very clean. The staff isn`t very friendly. The bathroom is really small and some rooms have too bathrooms inside. One of them has the shower and the washbasin and in the other one is the toilet (the two are very small). The continental breakfast is a bit poor, you can only choose between cereals, toasts, bread, juice and coffee or tea, if you want english breakfast you have to pay 4 pounds extra and the grilled eggs didn`t look too good. I think is a good hotel if you go there in other season.	
Jul 12 2006	It's OK for the price.	My wife stayed at the Tavistock while in London for work. I stayed there twice and three days once. It's good and reliable for the price. The room is smallish, but then what is big in London? The furniture has seen better times. The hotle has no Air Conditioning and in a hot night you must have your windows open, even then, the inside temperatrure was 27 deg!Yes, there a lot of sirens and alarms going all night long. Cleanliness is so so. Near my room I saw a tray with half a sandwich for the entire 24 hrs I was there. You could see the sandwich wilting under the heat. Something so simple to correct gives the customer a very bad impression.The front desk was correct but unhelpful I found. Not a smile to be seen. I talked to them a number of times. No smiles at all. Oh well, what can you expect at the centre of London for 61 pounds, breakfast included?By the way, the breakfast was quite good: eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, fruit, juice, buns and not bad coffe. Service at the restaurant was much better than at the reception desk.The coffee being not bad: I was coming back from Eastern Europe where the coffee is terrible, whithout exception. I have only tried worst coffee in Chile.One more thing: The hotel is close to the Russell tube (underground, subway) station and quite close to the great British Museum. A big bonus to me.	
Jul 5 2006	Good location good price good hotel	Stayed for two nights with my son.Hotel 5 minutes brisk walk from Euston station - so a good location if travelling to or from the North. A large property occupying the whole south side of Tavistock Square. Spacious stylish art-deco entrance. Efficient check in and good lifts.Our room was on the eighth floor and overlooked the square which is beautifully wooded. The room was small, possibly even cramped but comfortable. The bathroom worked well. There was a good deep bath and a very good quick supply of hot water. The over bath shower had good pressure but no thermostat so was difficult to control. Lighting throughout was concealed fluorescent and worked well with good bedside controls. There was no air conditioning but it was not necessary even in the very hot conditions. A south facing room may have been more difficult. All the fittings seemed newish, in good condition and very clean.Breakfast was included and was good. It was served canteen style and included cereals, porridge, fried and scrambled eggs and finan haddock.	
Apr 28 2006	back in time	My sister and I stayed at the Tavistock hotel for one week - April 13 to 19. The best news was when we arrived at the hotel at 9:14 am after flying all night from Canada that we could go immediately to our room. Thank you so much ! We were exhausted. The room was small, but clean. The decor is a bit mis-matched and not at all modern, sort of like staying in an old house. The bathroom was in two parts - w/c (toilet) in one part and the sink and tub in the other part. The hotel brings 2 clean bath towels everyday - but does not supply washclothes, or hand towels. Our room was on the sixth floor facing the street, it was too hot, so we had to have the window open at night. The street must be somewhat close to a hospital because there were sirens all night long. We did not sleep restfully. The boys at the conceirge were very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is close to the Russell tube station, there are several small convenience stores and restaurants within walking distance, both city tour bus companies pick up near the hotel. We were not disappointment with our accomadation, but there was nothing exciting there either.	
Mar 26 2006	Basic but fine for price	You can't expect luxury in London for £61 (single) or £82 (double) but the Tavistock is fine if what you want is a bed for the night - or a few nights - in a convenient location for sightseeing or other activities. Our bedroom and bathroom were clean and functional, though without any of the usual &quot;extras&quot; one might expect these days (no frig, hairdryer, shower cap et al). With Russell Square tube station (on the very useful Piccadilly line) just a couple of blocks away, there's good access to a lot of major locations. At first sight, I thought the public areas (reception area/lounge, bar, breakfast room, small restaurant) looked a bit dowdy compared with modern hotels. Then I realised that virtually everything (from the reception desk and bar to the mirrors and lighting) are genuine Art Deco - an absolute delight for anyone interested in the twenties or thirties - it was like being transported back to an earlier age.	
Mar 16 2006	Take stock in Tavistock!	at first I was nervous, a friend recommended it, but the website looks dowdy and the photos make it seem a bit less than grand. While it is less than grand- it is a wonderfully cozy hotel. The concierge - the cute blonde one anyway, seemed to know less about London than I did, but he would always have an answer to any question I put to him. The rooms aren't large, but find one in London that is as affordable that is! We had a wonderful time at this quiet and dignified gem of a hotel.The best way there from Heathrow is to take the Heathrow Express to Paddington and then just get a cab. It costs a bit more, but it was such smooth sailing, I would do it again in a minute!It has a very nice little bar, not super fancy but congenial, we met several nice travellers, an Irishman and a Scot- very smart savy visitors to London. Also a good choice for student and groups.	
Mar 13 2006 	budget hotel	The Tavistock is -as already pointed out by other members- reasonably priced, well located and clean. £82 per night for a double room is not too much in London. But: the room was matchbox size and only one towel per person was provided. No hair-drier either (but other floors were better equipped) and borrowing from the housekeeper has involved a £20 (I repeat 20 pounds!) deposit: however refundable, I found it extortionate for the the very old thing that I got and because anyway I was paying the same price of better equipped rooms. If you need an adaptor it is a £ 5 deposit, a Pc plug a £2.50. When you check out and leave your bag at the storage room, you pay £1 (non refundable). With some exception, staff could be kinder. Breakfast is a bit boring but will certainly keep you going for quite a while, but avoid coffee if you are a coffee-lover (or pop in next-door for more tasty varieties).	
Jan 26 2006 	outstanding budget accommodation	I stay at the Tavistock Hotel regularly and have done so for the last two years. It provides outstanding budget accommodation, and I can't imagine that I'll want to book anywhere else. Every time I've stayed there the room has been spotlessly clean, the staff friendly and helpful, and the room as quiet as it's reasonable to expect in central London. There aren't many frills, but it's very comfortable, warm in winter, and the room is nice enough to spend the evening there if you're staying for a week and don't want to be out every night. The area is safe and convenient for public transport, and the hotel itself feels safe and secure. In London it's easy to pay a lot more and get a lot less. I've recommended this hotel to several friends who are also very satisfied with it.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Value - A comfortable place to stay!	Stayed at the &quot;Big Barn&quot; twice. Great location, a short walk from Russell Sq. Tube Station. Plenty of stores, pubs, etc., near by. For the money, it's a perfectly nice place to stay. Bed, TV, big bathroom (for european standards), Hot water, good water pressure. Had breakfast included, it does get boring after a couple of days. Make sure to observe the dynamics among the dining room staff especially between (dare I say) the Maitre-d and the others. Anyway, a bowl of cereal, some off-white eggs, some mystery meat and a bunch of coffee and your fortified until the 11:30am Pub run starts!Bottom line, if your looking for American standards for the price, it won't happen. Just be happy with a nice comfortable room, good staff, and wonderful location.	
Jan 11 2006	Not as good as last time but still ok......	My daughter and I stayed here this same time last year for three nights and were very happy, so when my brother and I were in London for one night on our way home, I of course decided to stay here again. This time however, I wasn't nearly as happy. For starters, I only had a short time in London, and wanted to see as much as possible before dark. After delays on the plane and underground, I was happy to finally reach the hotel and get started site seeing. Apparently they were training a new staff member, so our check-in took twice as long as it should have, with each detail being explained step by step. Now they didn't know we were in a hurry, so I can't really blame them for that, it was just frustrating.When we reached our room on the 4th floor I was somewhat disappointed. It was smaller than the room on the higher floor we had last year, and the bathroom was tiny! Much, much smaller than the one last year. Everything seemed just as clean as before though. However, when I took a bath that night, I found hairs all over the bathroom, including in the tub that didn't belong to us. The towels left a lot to be desired too. There were two thin, rough towels and nothing else. No wash clothes, which I know is sometimes normal, but there wasn't even an extra towel to dry your hands on after washing them.Since it was raining, dark, and nearly all the attractions had closed, and we had to be at Victoria by 5:30 a.m. the next morning, we made a short night of it, and were back at the hotel by 19:45. We stopped by the front desk on our way up to our room to arrange for a taxi the next morning. We were told, in an almost rude way, that we needed the porters desk. We turned, and just as when we came in there was nobody there, which is why we went to the front desk in the first place. We turned back to her and were told he was probably just in the back. After finally getting the porters attention, he told us to call back after 21:00 because the night shift porter would be there. Glad we weren't going to bed early! Couldn't he have just taken our information and passed it on? At any rate, we waited, and called down to the porter after 21:00 and arranged the taxi for 5:00 a.m. We also requested a 4:00 a.m. wake up call.Last year, I had no problems with the traffic, but being on a lower floor, and on a corner near a busy intersection, that's all I heard all night long! I know I must have slept, but I sure don't remember it. It felt like I was awake all night long listening to traffic!At 10 minutes before 4:00, our wake up call came. Thank goodness for the extra time, because at 15 minutes before 5:00, I heard honking outside, I looked down to see our taxi waiting for us! We grabbed up all of our things and dashed for the elevator. When we got down there, the meter was running! I was too tired to argue or complain and was just glad to be getting home. We left too early for breakfast, but like everyone else has expressed, if it's the same as it was last year, it's better skipped anyway.All in all, for the price, location, and the overall quality (which I know is still there somewhere, maybe above the 4th floor perhaps?) you can't really beat this hotel. The staff aren't nearly as pleasing as they were, but hotel staff come and go, so it could be an all new staff next time.I'll give it one more chance, I really hope the somewhat negative reviews of recent, aren't a sign of things to come, because this really was a great little hotel!	
Jan 10 2006	Works For Me	I just got back from my vacation with my girlfriend and we stayed at the Tavistock while in London. We booked on the British Airways Holidays website, and got a good discount from it. The reason we stayed here is because I am the third generation to stay here upon visiting London. I felt it was my duty to my aging grandmother to stay here, and funny enough, she has the same things to say about the hotel.Postives...-Location is great. Steps from Euston Station and The British Museum, and walking distance from everything. Tube stop (Russell Square) is on the Piccadilly line and you don't need to tranfer if going to and from Heathrow Aiport.-Cleanliness. The room was always clean and they always seem to have housekeeping changing rooms.Negatives...-Breakfast in general. Restaurant Staff unpleasant, breakfast unpleasant. Waste of time and money.-The bed could have been more comfortable, and I think the hotel would benefit nicely from a remodeling, maybe to bring them at least into the 90's.All in all, don't expect the Hilton, and if you can handle this then you are set. It is London, you are meant to wake up, leave your hotel and return late and crash.	
Jan 4 2006	They pulled a fast one on us	If you are not vigilant enough, they will sneak their own currency conversion in right before charging your credit card. They put the terms of the conversion on the receipt, but they do not verbally point it out to you before you sign. Needless to say, their conversion rate is not as good as what you get from the credit card itself. I feel like I've been cheated.Otherwise, the place is OK.	
Dec 13 2005	Great location just what we wanted	We spent 5 nights at The Tavistock last week, Dec. 6 - 11. Excellent location, easy access by tube and bus, both regular and turistic. British Museum and Petrie Museum at hand, Covent Garden and Theatreland at wakable distance.We made our booking in october, through spanish internet service Rumbo. We checked it by e-mail one week before our arrival and everything was OK. Asked for a double bedded non-smoking room in a high floor and we got everything.The room (fith floor, just over the main entrance) was small for US standars, but clean and well kept. A double bed, one chair, a closet, a desk with three large drawers and the bathroom. Also tv, water heater and a few toilettries (3 soap bars every day).The staff was helpful, but we don't asked for anything out of our reservation. The phone rate, calling to US, Canada and western Europe, 1 GBP/min.A double UK socket in the room, and a 220/110 V soket in the bathroom, only for shavers.Just out of Russell Square tube station, you can buy anything at Tesco; very close are also good pubs (Friend at Hand, The Lamb, Lord John Russell) and other restaurants and convenience stores.Only two warnings: the room can be very heat by night, and there is no temperature controller; we slept only with our t-shirts, top sheet and a thin blanket. And the continental breakfast can be boring if you stay long, only toasts, bread rolls, butter and jam.	
Oct 27 2005	Value for money	I recently spent two nights in the Tavistock Hotel near Russell Square in London. I booked through the British Airways website. The cost for a single is 61 pounds sterling and a double is 82 pounds. There are sometimes small discounts available online, but this is a very good price for London.What I liked:There is a lift (elevator). The public rooms, my room and the bathroom were spotless. The room always smelled fresh and was obviously cleaned thoroughly every day. The water pressure in the shower was excellent. The staff were helpful, especially the boys at the concierge desk. My suitcase split its zipper on the day I had to travel and they found me some heavy duty tape to mend it for the flight. They also helped me insert the sim card in my new mobile phone. They also help you with your luggage if you want. Ladies appreciate these things.I was given a room with two single beds (I am not sure they have any rooms with just one bed) for that price of 61 pounds. It had the beds, a cupboard with hangers, a desk unit with drawers for clothes and a television. It also had enough room to move around without bruising yourself. My room looked out onto Tavistock Gardens at the front and had double glazing to combat traffic noise. The area is very handy for everything. You have Russell Square tube station a couple of blocks away (on the Picadilly line for coming from Heathrow), you can walk to Tottenham Court Road and Goodge Street Station is also within walking distance. It is easy to get to any sights without spending ages on the tube. The area seemed very safe as there was always plenty of movement due to the proximity of London University. There are coffee places, laundries, pubs and restaurants all around the area. There is an internet place a couple of blocks away, as well as a Waterstones bookshop to buy a map or guide to London if you need it. In short: cleanliness, location, value for money. What I did not like:I am not a breakfast person so the breakfast was not an issue with me but it might be for others. In the price of your room you get a continental breakfast. This consisted of a basket of cold, if fresh, rolls on the table. You get a glass of juice too. There are little packets of jam and butter. A member of the staff brings you tea or coffee in a cup. I had tea and it was not delicious. I reminded myself that I don´t like breakfast anyway so what was I doing there and I left after making a small dent in a roll and taking two sips of tea. You can pay for a cooked breakfast and this costs under 5 pounds, which is also a good price. It was a buffet and seemed to have everything you might want but I didn´t. I thought the staff in the dining room were less nice than the other staff at the hotel. My waiter even argued with me about whether I had ordered tea or coffee.So, if you like breakfast, buy the cooked one or visit one of the many coffee places nearby.	
Oct 14 2005	Not great.	The Tavistock is in a safe, quiet area within walking distance to almost everything. However, the rooms are quite utilitarian and not as clean as they could be. They are not filthy, they just aren't fully up to North American standards. For example, they don't vaccuum your room every day. The tubs are elevated and very slanty, so be very careful, it is a definite safety hazard. The breakfast is detestable. If you sleep in and miss it, you really haven't missed anything. The only thing that resembled edible food was the hard boiled eggs. The fruit is from a can, the toast is white and freezing, and the remainder of the food is greasy and overcooked. You would be better off going to a Pret A Manger to start your day. The price is pretty good for London, but it's not a desirable hotel when all is said and done. Also, the concierge desk is completely useless. They won't even offer to call somewhere for you. But, if you are on a budget, and don't care about food, you would be fine to stay at the Tavistock.	
Sep 26 2005	tiresome experience	I am not a fussy one, but I do need to be able to SLEEP when I pay for a 3*hotelroom. That´s the idea, yes?? We got a double with bath. The bed was not a full double. Worse - you could only sleep one at the time in the bed because of the hole in the middle. If you tried to sleep on the side you would roll down to the middle for sure, no kidding!I agree with other reviewers, the lobby does stink of stale ciggarrette-smoke. The room, beeing a non-smoking room was ok. BUT no air ventilation forced us to have the window opened and it was terrible noisy from the street. Apparently there is a police-station nearbye and you could hear the sirens every 10 minutes. The breakfast was best not to have (continental), but you could pay extra for full english breakfast. You could be waiting for a long time as well. The TV was very small and the reception was bad. Not many channels at all. We also had to wait a long time to get our room - after check-in time! Sitting in the smokey lobby waiting was nerv-wrecking. We did go out for a walk to the British Museum that is convinient near-bye and returned after one hour to get the promised room. But it was STILL not ready (now it was 3 o´clock) and was told to come back in another hour. But after that hour, we still were forced to wait a good 20 minutes before they could give us a key. We also tried to change room because of the bed, to a twin room for example. But they said that all beds in the hotel was the same. Which is a lie, because I have read a review from a person staying in a twin!The bathroom was separated from the WC wich is a good thing. Unfortunatly there wasn´t too much hot water! And you had to be very careful, because any water that ended up on the floor ran out into the hallway and soaked the carpet. Got to be unhealthy, thinking about mold!	
Jun 27 2005	Pretty good	The Tavistock is pretty good - but travelers should be aware of a couple of things.First, the good. At 61 pounds per night including full breakfast for a single, this is a very good deal in London. I stayed 3 nights. My room had a double bed, full bath, TV, tea/coffee-making, hair dryer, phone and Internet outlet (which I didn't use). Room was very clean (my minimum requirement for budget accommodation), the lifts worked and I felt quite safe. As for the breakfast, you can certainly find what you need to fortify yourself for the morning. Location excellent. Food shops, restaurants around the corner, nice park at the doorstep, five-minute walk to Russell Square Tube station and ten-minute (if that) Tube ride to central London. Staff is sometimes a little clueless but quite decent. TV worked fine.Now, the warnings. No air conditioning. I was on the 8th floor during an unusual heat wave. Hottest floor. With the window open, just about able to sleep at night. Make sure you read the phone charges card in one of the drawers. They charge 1.50 pounds to connect you to some phone card lines. At the breakfast buffet, you have to pick and choose. Scrambled eggs in large chafing dish were watery and unbelievably bland. Coffee undrinkable. Go for tea. Poached and hard-boiled eggs are okay. Use the toast and make an egg sandwich. Cereals good. It is, however, quite boring as it is the same stuff every day. Also, distinct odor of cigarette smoke in lobby as they allow smoking there.	
Jun 25 2005	Excellent Value	My wife and I stayed 4 nights at this hotel recently and found every thing to be fine. We were on the 6th floor facing other rooms. The room had recently been renovated , was quiet, clean and comparable in size to an average Canadian or American mid price accomodation. The staff were friendly and helpfull and there are numerous pubs in the area that are reasonably priced as well for dinning. For our purpose of sight seeing the hotel was perfectly located and at 66 pounds double per night via Sunwing what a bargain.	
Jun 12 2005	Excellent value	We recently stayed at the Tavistock for 10 nights while visiting London.It was an excellent value - great location, friendly staff, very clean - our bed sheets were changed every day! Breakfast was ample. TV and hairdryer in our room both worked well. We have visited London frequently over the years and find the Tavistock one of the best in that price range.	
May 28 2005 	Good value clean simple rooms. No frills.	£61 B&amp;B in central London - I was expecting the worst, but was pleasantly suprised by the Tavistock Hotel.Easy walking distance from Euston on a lovely green square. Hotel reception was welcoming and efficient.Room on 6th floor was spotlessly clean, especially the bathroom. Two single beds, tea/coffee tray.TV didn't work, and I only reported it on checking out as I was only there overnight.Didn't have the breakfast, but a colleague told me it was ok.Highly recommend for budget or business stay, but take a hairdryer and toiletries. Only a couple of bars of soap supplied.	
May 24 2005	Good Hotel	I stayed at the Tavistock in 05/05. I'd been expecting to stay with a friend but that fell through, so I checked in, thinking I'd stay one night and then find something cheaper. I soon figured out that I wasn't going to find another place in such a great location, walking distance to everything, for 61 GBP (and they even billed me in dollars so my bank wouldn't add charges for exchanging currency). It's a basic, comfortable, clean hotel, safe for a single woman traveler. I first stayed in a room with two single beds on the 6th floor, overlooking the street, but the street noise was too much for me. The front desk staff (who were all very nice, and helped me out with restaurant recommendations) then moved me to an end room with one bed and a refrigerator, also on the 6th floor, with no view other than the rooftop and other rooms, but it was quiet. After an overnight trip out of town, I checked into a hotel near Paddington Station (the Ashley) because it was cheaper and had gotten some good reviews on this site -- however, I immediately checked out after having an allergy attack due to dust/mildew/mold, and went back to the Tavistock. Had a room with two single beds on the 7th floor; there were holes in the wallpaper, but it was still comfortable. My only criticisms, really, are the awful English breakfast, and the thin walls. However, I found a great place called ICCO on Goodge Street, a short walk away, that has excellent coffee. If you order a hot drink before noon, you also get a free croissant. I wish I'd found it earlier and always skipped the free breakfast at the hotel! And the thin walls weren't much of a problem because I was on vacation and not going to sleep early. I stayed seven nights total, and I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 20 2005 	Clean simple good value	I just stayed one night here on business. The room was booked as a single but was fairly large with two single beds. It had plenty of wardrobe space and a toilet separate from the bathroom which is fairly unusual but meant that the space was well used.The room was spotless and the bed comfortable although the bed spread whilst clean was quite worn. The noise of the traffic outside was a bit intrusive even though the windows had secondary double glazing but that's quite common in London even in more expensive hotels.The staff on reception and at the porter's desk were very friendly and helpful; less so in the dining room where breakfast was a bit shambolic. I was told simply to take what I wanted from the buffet and sit down but most of the tables needed clearing. My rate included English breakfast but it wasn't very hot and when I asked for tea to drink this came in the form of one cup of tea rather than the pot of tea usually served in a hotel.All in all this hotel is not bad but is probably best considered as simply making it affordable to stay in London rather than making you want to stay there again.	
May 17 2005	The Best!!!	Location, location, location - easily walking distance to 2 tube stations + rail station. In the great area with shops, pubs, restaurants, - close to everything. Many rooms are overlooking the park. Rooms are basic, but clean, comfortable and pretty big - our room was nice sized square. Room wasn't too noisy. Bathroom was clean as well and again it wasn't tiny. Staff was nice, friendly and helpful. We loved this hotel a lot - much more than Corus Hyde Park, where we stayed as well...Breakfast was very decent - we lost our continental breakfast card, so the guy at the front desk gave us a buffet breakfast card - nice! :-)And for the price ($88 per night per 2 people) - you can't beat it!! If we ever go to London - we'll be staying at Tavistock again...	
May 15 2005	Art Deco and good value	I booked through the Imperial Hotels website, for which the advertised price for a single at £61 includes English breakfast and tax (17.5%). The hotel is excellent value compared with current London prices. Attractive location overlooking Tavistock Square and I was most impressed with the 1930s public areas, genuine art deco panelling, lighting and other motifs. The room had two single beds, TV, kettle and sachets of tea/coffee (but very poor quality, so if you are a coffee drinker I recommend one brings a small plunger and buys coffee), trouser press. Not sure if the single rate automatically provides twin beds, but I didn't complain.The beds were rather narrow, but I guess they are the standard size. The bedspreads seemed a little tired and could be due for replacement. Quiet location apart from the occasional siren or motor bike racing down Southampton Row. Bathroom was simple, basic but fine for one's needs - no frills. Powerful shower and plenty of hot water.The English breakfast offered poached or scrambled eggs, English back bacon, sausages, tomatoes (tinned), beans, porridge, cereals, orange and gapefruit segments (tinned but fine), toast and even haddock. I thought this was excellent for the all-in price. For those guests who have prebooked to include continental breakfast, can pay about £4.50 for the English. This is not exhorbitant!I would recommend this hotel over the others in the Imperial Hotels group (Imperial, President, Royal National etc). It is cheaper than the others including the Royal National, next door, which I entered and thought resembled a barracks! Just too big and absolutely NO appearance of charm. The breakfast rooms reminded me of a hostel. The Tavistock was much more demure and the dining/breakfast room was delightful, and, again straight out of the 1930s.I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone on a budget who is not looking for luxury (at a price).	
May 4 2005	Great location! Highly recommended for travellers on a budget	I have stayed at the Tavistock Hotel 4 times during the last 6 years, and have been pleased with each stay. The rooms, although fairly small, are comfortable and clean. This time I had a location on an upper floor at the rear of the hotel, and it was very quiet. The full breakfast is quite good, and the breakfast room is very nice. The same pleasant waitress has been there each time I have stayed at the hotel. The location is great. Very near (about a 5 or 6-minute walk) is the Russell Square Underground Station on the Piccadilly Line which is perfect for those arriving from Heathrow. Also nearby is the Euston Underground station (only about a 9 or 10-minute walk). There are various buses that stop very near the hotel: routes such as 68 and 91. Both the Euston and King's Cross Railway Stations are within walking distance or easily accessible by bus.I would recommend the hotel to anyone on a budget who wants a convenient location. In comparison with other hotels in London, especially the more expensive ones, the Tavistock Hotel is very good value for what you spend.	
Mar 17 2005	Good for the price	Just an overnight - really enjoyed the art deco reception area, but other than that - functional, simple and clean. The rooms were of a reasonable size, but the beds were too small (at 6ft 2&quot; my feet were over the edge) - I booked a single but my room had two small single beds in it. The bathroom and shower was good. Staff helpful. Location - great for what I wanted (work needs) - near Euston Station. I guess for the price paid £69 it was good value, so can't complain - but they should consider putting in better quality beds and nicer bed linen - that worn, pink candlewick bedspread really let the room down.	
Mar 16 2005	Great price decent rooms central location.	Since i made my choice of hotels based on the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor, thought i will write a review myself to help others.....I must had went thru numerous site for my search for hotels near Russell Square(I was to go on a local tour on Contiki tours, which had to be near Russell Square).While theres no shortages of hotels, B&amp;Bs around,the prices were way above my budget,and for most, you had to pay extra for a bath, and even more for a toilet attached!!!( Coming from a place where even the lousiest hotel has an attached toilet!)You can imagine how happy i was when i found the BA site advertising the rooms for Tavistock for US$88 for a double( i was with my partner)..Its really the best deal i had come across....I am not going to go into details on the room conditions(can find plenty in the reviews,each with different opinions :-)) , but for what i paid for, and the going rate for a room in London(and with attached toilets mind you!, ) its a fantasic bargain....Its great because:1)For a first timer to London(like myself),it links directly Heathrow Airport Tube Station to the Russell Square tube station.Theres no confusion as it doesnt require one to change tube lines,or anything.Just hop on at Heathrow on the Picadallly Line, in about 45mins, you will reach Russell Square.Then its a five minute walk to the hotel.2)Its location is really near to all the attractions in London.One can probably walk to most places, but since i was unsure, i was using the tube all the time.Its just couple of stops away from all the major tourist spots ,eg Oxford St, Big Ben..British Musuem is just around the corner.Plus its a nice quiet areaNot quiet to the extent that you feel dangerous to walk the streets, but more as in its near to a few universities and hotels, theres many students,and tourists walking around... Nice when you get tired of the hustle and bustle of London..3)Theres a Tesco Convinence shop in front of the Russell station.No need to compare prices .They sell the cheapest beer, mineral water, snacks, etc etc anyway around ..Can stock up before returing to the hotel.4) I cant confirm for everyone, but i managed to get checked in at 10am,I had arrived early in London and told them that i would check out very early , about 6am.The reception was very good about it,and checked me in without any fuss.I supposed i was lucky to have rooms available..probably if it was summer,i would have to wait till the standard 2pm. I wasnt able to get a late checkout though when i came back from my tour,but i guessed by then, the hotel was fully booked.But i was able to leave my bags for 50 pence a day, which was pretty reasonable.5)Probably you guys would have found out thru their websites that the Royal National, The Imperial, Tavistock all belongs to the same chain of hotels.The Imperial probably is the most expensive, followed by the royal National , then Tavistock.not much difference in prices and quailty,but the Tavistock is a smaller hotel.Thus i believed could offer more personalised service, compared to Royal National's thousands of rooms.I had some tour companions who stayed there. Was a maze they told me.All in all, a very satisfying place to stay,and i would definitely return therewhen i go back to London.Hope my review helps in any small way like the way the previous reviews helped me.cheers	
Mar 9 2005	Attention Budget Travelers! Stay Here!	I found a listing for this hotel through this website and the least I could do is to return the favor to budget travelers out there. We stayed at this hotel from Feb 23-27th before heading off to Paris. I booked it through British Airways Holidays(my flight was with United) We paid $88/night for this hotel through BA Holidays. When we arrived they were advertising it at GBP 88.00, which was double with the exchange rate. The reason I give this hotel **** is because I searched for hotels for three months. I have heard about a lot of bad service and tiny hotel rooms. For our $88 we had a decent sized room, hot water, a contintenal breakfast of toast &amp; jam, rolls, tea, and coffee, hot tea maker in the room, and a decent nights sleep. One day we got up late and we were at the continental breakfast after the dining room closed, and the manager was accomadating and sat us down, asked the chef to make new toast, and insitsted that the servers gave us tea or coffee. The hotel is in an ideal location. It's very close to the Tube and if you are active, you can walk to a lot of sights. It's not the Ritz, but if you plan on sight seeing most of the day, who needs extravagence? We had a great deal on our room and we were pleased with what our money got us. I hope someone out there finds this posting as helpful as the post I saw several months ago. Bon Voyage!	
Feb 15 2005	Absolutely perfect - 150% satisfied - best deal in London	Just got back last night. Stayed Feb 9-13 2005. I went back and forth with this hotel and asked A LOT of people on this site for their opinions because i wasn't sure after reading the hotel review - but i have got to say, this hotel was an unbelievable deal and I would definately stay here again (unless of course i come into a ton of money and can mindlessly blow it on a trendy boutique hotel!!) I paid 264 US, which included tax and breakfast which we never used (rather experience something differenet each day), through BA's site. The hotel has about 8 floors and probably about 40 rooms on each. We stayed in room 835 which I HIGHLY recommend. It was 100% clean, a good size and was located on the inside, facing the courtyard so there was no noise at all. The heat was not a problem at all in this room. For a hotel room in the EU this was an expected size. The room was simple and spotless and the bathroom had a tub too with hot water and great pressure!!!! Wish my tiny apartment in NYC had this kind of pressure! If you are looking for luxery this is not it. However, if you are looking for a clean room with enough space for you and a companion and and unreal location and deal, then this is the hotel for you. It is located right off the Piccadily line at the Russell Square Tube. It is a 50 minute ride on the tube from Heathrow. A one way ticket was approx. 7 pounds for 2 people. There is a lift in the Russell Square tube and about 10 stairs - not a big deal at all, of course depending on the size of your luggage, age etc. I am 30 years old and live in NYC so lugging luggage up train stairs, taking the train to the plane and small apartments are in my blood, so I felt right at home here. I just can't justify spending a lot of money on a hotel room when I literally only slept and showered there - we were never in the room - and there is SO much more to spend money on than a hotel. This was my boyfriend's first trip to western Europe and his first reaction to the room was &quot;wow great room, so clean, we really got a great deal.&quot; The staff was nice and we arrived at 10am and they let us check in early which was such a treat and so needed cause we took a 3 hour nap and were ready to roll. On our last night there (Saturday) we had gone out VERY late and got back to the hotel at 10 am!!! They let us extend out checkout until 2pm free of charge, after that you pay and they held our luggage for 2 pounds until we were ready to hit the road at 5pm. There were no toiletries in the bathroom other than soap, but I usually bring my own shampoo and conditioner anyway and I brought a &quot;squeegie&quot; wash sponge and tossed it after the trip. The only outlet was in the bedroom, none in the bathroom, which was fine. I just dried my hair in the mirror while watching the BBC. I didn't check out the other floors, but did notice that the hallway got warmer as we walked toward the elevators (our room, 835, was located at the corner end of the hotel, so maybe the lower # rooms are warmer) I have a feeling that the rooms on the higher levels may be in better condition, however, this only based on the elevator doors opening on floors 5 and 4 and me noticing the decor and doors. If you can, ask for the 8th floor and a room from 820-835. I posted pictures of the hotel that I specifically took for all of you on this site. Enjoy!!! Also, the other imperial hotels are all near by so I took a quick look at them and I would def. say I'd take the Tavistock all over again. The others (imperial, president, bedford and national) look much more rundown, and they are all located on the main street (Southampton) as opposed to a side street like Tavistock and they are more expensive and I can't imagine that they will be any better. Again, we were 150% satisfied. I have travelled a lot over the years from Iceland to Rio from Cali to Prague and this was by far the best deal. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. Don't waste money on a room you will never be in - go out to a great dinner, see a play, splurge on some cool stuff. I feel like I got the deal of the century. I'd be happy to answer any questions about this hotel or my trip in general!!! Had a GREAT time!!!	
Feb 15 2005	A great bargain for Central London	I stayed at the Tavistock last month with 2 friends. We booked a triple room with British Air for $308 each for 7 nights, which is pretty fantastic for London, especially central London! (With the obscene exchange rates, we certainly appreciated the savings in the accommodation area!)We were given a triple room (3 single beds) overlooking the other side of the hotel, so no views to speak of, but then, you're not there to look out windows, you're there to actually go outside. The room was a nice size, more than ample space to fit 3 adults with their 3 suitcases. There were 2 closets and plenty of drawer space, so we didn't have to live out of our luggage either. The room also was equipped with a TV and coffee maker.The toilet was separate from the wash area, which was very helpful. There was a tub with shower, which had fantastic pressure and was very clean. There is no hair dryer in the room, but you can get one from housekeeping for a refundable 20 pound deposit, and adapters are 3 pounds.I agree about the central heating, it could be very oppressive at night. However, nothing simpler than to open the windows, so it was dealt with quite easily. Our package came with free continental breakfast, which really was not worth it. Rolls, toast, and coffee, tea, or juice. I thought it absurd that you couldn't even have the cereals unless you paid for Full English, which was a complete rip-off. Go find the nearest non-trendy cafe or pub and get a proper English for less. The servers were very friendly though, so if you do head down to the breakfast here, you're sure to have engaging conversation!Russell Square tube station is a very short walk for the Piccadilly Line (easy transfers to the Northern and Central lines, and it takes you right to Heathrow). There is sometimes construction being done on the lifts, which are the only way to get to the lines, so sometimes the wait can be an inconvenience if there's a crowd of travellers waiting for one. If you are coming back after the tubes close, there's a night bus that drops you very close by, and other buses that run during the day along Upper Woburn Pl. (the east side of the hotel.) I had no issues walking back late at night from areas in Soho, but most people would probably not want to do that, unless you know your way around very well. :-)The hotel's surroundings are lovely; Tavistock Square and Russell Square are both tranquil green areas (so wonderful to sit there and people-watch).The area is very close to the British Museum, and if you love to walk, you can easily reach Oxford Street and other more central locations. There are also internet cafes and a post office in the area. Overall, I would highly recommend the Tavistock if you want to stay close to the center, and especially if you get a great deal like I did!	
Feb 1 2005	a good place to stay	we look forward to visiting london in the beginning of january, when we can, to do some shopping during the sale period. we paid 54 GBP nightly for our doublebed room.we asked to stay in the no smoking park of the hotel and were given a room #502. Did not come across any smoke in our section of the hotel.Nor in the breakfast room which opens at 7am. the room looked like it was recently renovated and matched that in the photo on the imperial hotels website. The included Breakfast was the most basic we have ever had,just plain toast (with butter or a varied fruit jams).Though you could take as much toast as you can eat.Served by friendly waitress was tea or coffee, which I found good. I also helped myself more than once to the orange juice (which although wasnt squeezed) was good.as a treat for the last two days we upgraded to the full english breakast.that cost us 4GBP pp each time. the room temperature got unconfortably hot unless you opened the windows.thankfully our room had a neat system of double windows which allow you to regulate the entry of winter air.we also used the space between the windows to keep goodies we bought from the grocer cool.with windows open however you can hear the ambulances (a hospital nearby?).the room was of good size and the bathroom was large.our room had a tv and kettle and closet.we made use of the luggage room too on our last day there(60p per bag) we have been many times to london and the tavistock is one of the better hotels in this category. we plan to use this hotel again.	
Jan 27 2005	Everything I expected	First of all I would like to admit that I am sentimetally involved with the Tavistock Square area, as I used, as a student, to live at a Hall of Residence overlooking the square and Tavistock Hotel.Ever since, I have visited London several times and four times have stayed at the Tavistock. So, I know what to expect from this hotel.My last stay was January 19-22. I had booked a single room overlooking the square three months ago by phone. I arrived at 10 am on the 19th and the recertionist managed to meet my requirements checking me in IMMEDIATELY and giving me room 418 (which is actually twin room charged as single), on the fourth floor, with large curved window overlooking that very beautiful sq.I highly reccomend this room for single travelers but not for non smokers. (I am a smoker, so smells all around the hotel do not bother me). Room space enough for singles, carpet in good condition,beds comfortable,bed covers-blankets so,so (in my last visit they were worse),rest of furniture average, tv set with remote control showing English channels + four radio channels.one socket, boiler for tea-coffee(BRING YOUR OWN)bid capboard.Windows are double so been at the fourth floor you can only hear clearly ambulances, fireengines,police.Bathroom with enough space, bath-shower, very hot water with execive pressure, no shower gel, (BRING YOUR OWN TOILETRIES). Central heating more than I could stand, so I was sleeping without blanket and at daytime I had my window little opened.I was paying for English breakfast which consists of eggs,bacon.saussages,red beans, toasted bread, all kind of jam, enough to fill you with energy for hours of siteseeing.The rest of the public areas are nothing special, but anyway I never used them.Location pefect, Russel sq. tube 5 min. walking d.British museum, Covent Garden etc less than half an hour walk.VERY SAFE area during the night, just minutes away from horific Kings Kross.In general, if you spend most of your day out ( London is full of temptations to keep you on your feet all day through) Tavistock hotel is more than adequate compared with filthy b&amp;b's nearbyBut if you are, or think like an American, (MY hotel is the centre of my vecation and my room must be equal to my house rooms) then go to the Savoy and pay happily 250 GBP a night!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 18 2005	Much needed facelift	So, I will go straight to my point. Overall not as bad considering the price paid (approx. Stg55 / twin room per night), but unfortunately the negative comments still outnumber the positive ones.what's good about Tavistock....1. location (very central, close to british museum and russel sq. station)2. plenty of hot water (at all times) and good water pressure.3. helpful and reasonably polite staff (we were allowed a free 3 hour late check out)4. rooms were cleaned everyday, towels also changed daily.now what's bad....1. rooms are extreamly small (you cannot walk in between beds) and if you're carrying more than one suit case then think again cos you either sleep on it or leave it in the bath tub. 2. furniture is very old, bathroom door was broken and had no handle. Carpets and bed covers are desperate for a change. The room had also an internal door adjoining another room. You can hear every word in the room next door. Wallpaper and ceiling paint was all coming off. Windows were rusty.3. the whole hotel smells of cigarette smoke, actually stinks not smells, and if one suffers of ashma there's the place where he probably gets an attack.4. breakfast - yes of course it was included in price but was not worth having it. Just plain toast with butter ONLY, orange diluted water (yeah thats right not the otherway round more water than juice) and absolutely horrible english coffee / tea.5. very hot room temperature (unbeleivable but true - we had to sleep with our windows open - in mid January) the air was suffocating6. bathroom (only a bar of stinky soap is supplied). Shower curtain - dirty and sticky. So small that in order to close the door you have to stand on the toilet bowl (the one in room 714)7. All night long you can hear an irritable banging of pipes in the walls.8. Only 1 spare power socket in the room, no shavers in the bathroom.	
Jan 18 2005	Stayed for 4 nights	Stayed at Tavistock for 4 nights. The hotel is clean, and the rooms are okay. The room got the most common things you need. The breakfast was not very special. The continental breakfast is toast and juice. What I missed at this hotel; the staff to be more helpful. For me, that is whats makes the difference. If the staff is eager to help you, give you advice and so on. When I asked for help, there was no help to get. I think I will look for a new hotel next time.	
Jan 9 2005	Central Location	We booked the Tavistock through the BA holidays site and were pleasantly surprised. Hotels in London are generally overpriced but BA offered a reasonable rate and we were able to stay at the Tavistock for five nights just after Christmas.First, the pluses.The hotel is in a great location, in the heart of Bloomsbury, just minutes away from the British Museum and surrounded by lovely squares. (If you can, get a room overlooking Tavistock Square with its bust commemorating Virginia Woolf and a statue of Gandhi!)There are some fairly cheap Indian and Chinese restaurants just a few blocks away from the hotel and the Russell Square tube station is about two blocks away. Additionally, there are buses that you catch close to the hotel that can you take you to various major sights.Our hotel room was small but clean and the staff were very helpful, suggesting bus routes and providing us with lots of useful information.On the minus side, the breakfast offered with the room was dreadful: burnt white toast with some indeterminate canned juice. You would be better off getting breakfast elsewhere.Still, this was a great find and we would definitely go back.	
Jan 8 2005	pleasant hotel	i enjoyed my stay here.its a two star but compared to other 2 and 3 stars we used on the continent it is well kept.our room with its bath &amp; toilet was very clean. the lobby is nicely decorated.the members of staff who were fluent in english were cheerful and always ready with a witty joke.russel sq is on the picadilly line - tube direct to heathrow, no changes.on the downside there was no mini fridge (but i could keep my beer in the windowsill to keep it chilled); there also seems to be a lot of ambulances passing nearby;the standard breakfast was spartian (unless you paid £4 extra daily for the tempting english breakfast) just toast and butter/jams/coffee/juice, but it was eat as much as you like so you get your carbohydrates for the day all the same.sunday for some reason the breakfast starts at 7:30 instead of 7.no hairdryer in our room (but we didnt ask if they had any available for borrowing) -we did have a kettle &amp; tv though. under the hotel are late night grocery/souvenir/sandwich/everything a tourist needs shops where i could eat on the cheap.when i felt like a treat there was a starbucks 6 minutes away opposite brit museum or for something traditional i liked the North Sea take away 250m north east of the hotel.for £5 (eat out price) you get a monster portion of really good cod &amp; chips.opposite russel sq there is a tesco shop which i also found very handy.all in all a good stay.	
Jan 3 2005	tiny rooms  poor breakfast	We are three couples from Greece , visiting London on December .We chose this hotel because the comments on trip advisor were good and it was recommended by British Airways .We were highly dissapponted.The hotel is old and it looks old.The towels were clean but too used.The rooms were tiny .Continental breakfast was poor and for the english breakfast they charge you four pounds per person extra .The only good thing was its position , close to Russel tube station.	
Jan 1 2005	close to the british museum	my friend and i have stayed at the tavistock on two occassions we found it great as we could walk to it from euston station. it is close to the british museum and with in walking distance to all of the main sight. the hotel was clean and on both occassions we had the room right over the main door which over looked tavistock square. if you are looking for a cheap clean pleasant hotel i throughly recommend the tavistock.	
Dec 16 2004	Reasonable budget hotel	The Tavistock is a reasonable lodging solutionin in London for savers. I found this hotel by the BA holidays website, for 88$ per night for 2 adults, which is inexpensive (the rack rate is about double than that!). It's a very basic hotel - clean, friendly stuf, but no more than that. There is no shmpoo at the bathroom (but there was a bath tab).The continental breakfast was poor ( tea or cofee, roll, toast, butter and jam. For additional 4 pounds ($7) you can have eggs (any atyle), ham, sauseges, cerial and conserved fruits. No fresh fruits or vegetables.	
Dec 6 2004	Great price for the room	It was very close to the Metro, about 5 min. The rooms are small, but clean. Very clean PRIVATE bathroom also. For $88/night from baholidays, it was a great deal for a budget traveller. The concerige service was soso. The free &quot;continental&quot; breakfast turned out to be free toast and orange juice, so that was a bit of a disappointment. Other than that, it was a nice place for the $.	
Oct 28 2004	Great Value.	If you are reading this review you probably have the same concerns I had when I was looking for a budget hotel in London. I can honestly say that this hotel is well beyond it's price range and given the fact that Lodon is a very expensive place to tour you won't regret saving some money on your lodging.The location is excellent to say the least. A 15 minute walk puts you in the midddle of Soho, Picadilly and Oxford St. There are a number of restaurants and grocery stores nearby.Around the corner you have a choice of two tour buses that will take you all around london. Of course you can also take a cab or get on a transit bus if you like to do your own tours. The Russell Square underground station is only 5 minutes away. This is a good thing since you won't need to take a cab from the airport.The rooms were clean and quiet. They are not too big but remember that in Europe, unlike the U.S., everything happens to be small. Just take a look at the Underground trains and you'll see what I am talking about. One reviewer complained about the size of the beds, well I am 6'2 and shared a double bed with my girlfriend.No problems at all. The staff was friendly and very helpful.The hotel has a restaurant and a bar. There is also a gym around the corner that you can use for a small fee.When booking ask for a room with view to Tavistock Square. Mine was on the eighth floor with a nice view of this park.This hotel was well beyond my expectations and I would most defenitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 20 2004	Ambiance plus !	We stayed at the Tavistock for four nights in mid August ...... and a very pleasant stay it was. The rooms are quite small but impeccably clean. We looked out over Tavistiock Square and the view was green and peaceful. The room is basic but has everything you need. The staff were helpful and courteous. The brekky was OK ..... toast and tea and the service was attentive. The whole place has an art deco feel .... it looks like something out of an old movie. The bar is spacious and comfortable and we were able to catch the Olympic highlights on the big screen. Transport is easy .... the tube station is one block away at Russell Square.... takes you directly to the centre of London in minutes....and the Hop on/Hop off tourist bus stops around the corner.... you can see all the sights this way. Also around the corner is the Airport bus .... leaves regularly, takes about 1 hour but costs only 8 pounds to Heathrow... tickets available at the hotel tour desk. This hotel represents great value for money .... we booked through the British Airways web site and got a great deal. Highly recommended !	
Aug 3 2004	A very good experience	My wife and I stayed here for six days in November, 2003, and we are going back for a week this November. Our room was clean and comfortable, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the location is excellent. It isn't a 5-star place and doesn't pretend to be, but it was perfect for us.	
Jul 26 2004	Tavistock was sparse but clean and comfortable	While I agree with the previous post regarding the smoke in the Lobby, I was pretty comfortable during my recent stay (July7-11) at the Tavistock. I was in room 634, which looks over a side street. It was pretty spacious and offered two electrical outlets (although none of which were in the bathroom). The shower worked great and the bathroom was very clean. The rooms are sparsely decorated at best, but the beds were comfortable and the room was spotless. The girl that cleaned our room did a great job everyday and she was very friendly. Some of the staff are indifferent, but everyone at the porters desk are friendly and helpful. I have stayed at other hotels in London that have been better decorated, but they were not as clean and they were not in as nice a neighborhood as the Tavistock. The breakfast was not that good at the Tavistock, but there is a Waterstones bookstore right around the corner that has a Costa Coffee and serves light breakfast fare that is good. There are also some good restaurants and a nice little Internet Cafe called cybergate just a few blocks away near Cartwright Gardens. Expect a clean Motel 6 kind of a room and you should not be disappointed. I would stay here again if I got a good rate like the one I got with British Airways. There are also some nice guesthouse type hotels at Cartwright Gardens that might cost a little more, but are decent deals for London. Oh, Yeah and about the smoking. It is irritating but not always overcoming and it was announced two days ago that London has begun implementing a plan to restrict smoking in public areas (i.e. Pubs, lobbies ect.) , which should be pretty interesting in itself.	
Jul 24 2004 	A Few Problems at the Tavistock Hotel	While the Tavistock is undoubtably an affordable hotel in a convenient and safe location, a number of drawbacks marred my recent business stay. Non-smokers beware - although non-smoking rooms are available, smoking is allowed in the lobby and the lingering smoke permeates the entire ground floor and the elevators. The rooms are clean, but the decor and furniture are shabby and out of date. The night tables and desk (vintage 1980s) in my room where scarred with water rings and deep scratches. A lack of amenities, especially important for business travelers, topped my list of compliants. Only one electric outlet in the room (none in the bathroom) proved a major inconvenience. The TV had to be unplugged in order to use the electric water pot or a hair dryer. Do not forget to bring your own toiletries. The hotel does not offer complimentary bath products that are the norm in many other hotels. Additionally, alarm clocks are not present in the rooms and you must remember to make arrangements with the desk or porter for a wake-up call. Nor is an iron available to touch up your wrinkled clothes, especially problematic if you have meetings to attend. For those traveling on a budget, who will be away from the hotel for the majority of the time, and who do not mind being in close quarters if you have to share a room, this hotel is adequate. For business travelers like myself, I suggest staying elsewhere where one has access to more pleasant surroundings and amenities that make life traveling on the road a little more bearable.	
Jul 22 2004	Cheap 	We stayed at the Tavistock in Nov 2003 for 5 nights. We had a &quot;triple&quot; room as our 5 yr old went with us. My biggest request was non-smoking room, as my daughter has asthma. Evidently this hotel primarily has SMOKING rooms, so make sure you ASK. I was a little concerned as upon entering the lobby you are blown away by the smoke - you can see it in the lobby. But our room was fine - they have 2 or 3 NON-smoking floors. We got to our room and it was very &quot;budget&quot;. No frills, just a double bed and a twin, some basic furniture, etc. The bathroom was clean - I wasn't crazy about the shower - had a plastic liner and I hate those things. We just wore flip-flops when showering. Other than that, we experienced no other problems. The staff was not overly friendly, but that isn't why we stayed here - the price for the 3 of us is why we stayed. Alot of B&amp;B's in London do not let children stay, which is why we opted for this hotel. And the PRICE was RIGHT! We booked through BritishAirways Holidays - we got a much better rate in AMERICAN $$ - which for us was fantastic since the $$$ kept falling rapidly against the pound. Much cheaper than booking direct with this hotel. The square across the street is STUNNING - especially in fall. You cannot beat the location - you are in middle of London for a fraction of the price. It just depends on you as an individual and what is important to you. I'm picky about CLEAN and this hotel provided that - nothing extra, but it was clean. If I had unlimited funds to blow on any hotel, I would stay at the Savoy of course, but watching $$ so we can go to Europe, I would stay here again and again. We were hardly in our room - just at night to sleep. So this hotel served our purpose! Feel free to email if any questions !	
Jul 8 2004	Stay there if you are just looking to save money	The only problem I found was that the walls were rather thin and you can hear your neighbors TV. The rolls for breakfast was also rather hard. However if you've been to London before and just want a place to sleep this is not a bad place. Within easy walking distance of the Russell Square tube station and the Airport bus.	
Jun 3 2004	More than I expected	I was a little leary of the property considering the posted price versus other near-by hotel rates for the area. I was extremely pleased with this choice. The employees were among the most hospitable I've encountered. The room was small, but very clean and neat. The hotel is centrally located and very near the bus and tube. What a find. If and when I return to London, I will return to the Tavistock!	
May 8 2004	Very nice stay great location	We spent two nights April 28, the room was small but was all we needed, clean, great staff, and super location. The tourist bus picks you up around the corner, tube station 1 block away, atm one block away, great rate from british airlines, definitely would stay again.	
May 3 2004	Much better than expected!!!	After reading some of the reviews, I expected to be disappointed with our room. But I was pleasantly surprised. There was a great view of the park, we received the double bed we asked for, and the staff seemed helpful enough. The location was great, and we often were able to walk to meet friends who frequented nearby restaurants. Taxis frequently passed by the street out front. Only problem was our local calls added up quickly, to an extra 15 pounds. We received a great rate from British Airways, so I think we got much more than we paid for.	
Apr 29 2004	Good cheap hotel for travelers on a budget	There are some really sleazy cheap hotels in London, but this is a good one for people on a budget. The location is nice to explore...there are tons of well-known places like the British Museum within walking distance and plenty of not-so-famous places. Lots of literary connections in the area. You could walk to the West End if you are a good walker, otherwise you'll have to take the Russell Square underground a couple blocks from the hotel.Nice lounge and breakfast area.Ask for a room overlooking Tavistock Square.	
Apr 13 2004	We would return	I have stayed at the Tavistock on many occassions and have yet to be disappointed. It is a budget hotel that has an excellent location. Everything we needed was nearby, the tube, pubs and restuarants. The room was clean, modest in design, but comfortable. Our requests for a double bed, a room with a bathtub, and a room overlooking Tavistock Square were all met. The staff was polite and helpful. The Tavistock will be our home from home whenever we are in London.	
Mar 24 2004	Very pleasant stay	I just returned from a trip to London on the 22nd of March, 2004. I stayed a week at the Tavistock hotel and really enjoyed it. I booked the room via the British Airways website. The price was very good considering the fact that a private bathroom was included. When I arrived, room 624 (which I recommend) was waiting for me. It was a corner room overlooking Tavistock square. It was high enough that some of the traffic noise was drowned out, but even with the windows closed it was still noticeable at times. It didn't interrupt my sleep, though, as I was so tired each night from exploring London. My room had a lot of charm and the ultra-deep bathtub was very relaxing. I had large windows on two walls (north and west) that allowed for viewing some of the city as well as providing a nice breeze. Fortunately, I never had to use the radiator for heating. The room was very clean. The porcelain in the bathroom was sparkling white. I had separate rooms for the bathtub and the commode, each had their own window as well. Overall, the room was very comfortable and quaint. The shower was wonderful and the immediate hot water from the plumbing was a welcome bonus. The staff were all very accommodating. Each morning (I guess because I was receiving a reduced rate??) I received a complimentary continental (as opposed to the &quot;upgraded&quot; English) breakfast. This breakfast consisted of the same limited selection every day: white flour toast or rolls, butter, jam, coffee, juice, or tea. I was envious of those that were eating the English breakfast which consisted of sausages, eggs, and various other hot foods. It really did look good and I could have had it for 4 pounds extra each morning. The lobby did smell of stale smoke as smoking is allowed in certain areas of the hotel. However, my non-smoking room had no unpleasant odor at all. I liked the area because it wasn't as busy/noisy/congested as other parts of London. I felt very safe. There were reasonably priced convenience stores nearby as well as a good fish and chips restaurant: The North Sea restaurant on Leigh St. Whereas the Tavistock is obviously an older hotel, I thought it was very charming and located in a good area. Considering the price, I thought it was a good value. And its close proximity to the Russel Square tube station was a plus. I would definitely stay there again and I hated to leave...	
Mar 6 2004	The Tavistock was a good budget choice for us		
Mar 3 2004	Nice place great location excellent value		
Feb 7 2004	Clean decent and no problems with service		
Jan 15 2004	When there was no room at the inn !		
Nov 16 2003	A good choice		
Oct 22 2003	What a joke!		
Sep 19 2003	Terrible		
May 26 2003	We loved it		
Jan 19 2003	Convenient and Clean		
Oct 16 2002	Good For Cheap Stay		
Nov 19 2009 	Calidad precio estupendo		
Nov 17 2009 	Niente male per Londra!!!		
Nov 4 2009 	pessimo		
Sep 23 2009 	Gutes Hotel		
Aug 17 2009 	Caratteristico		
Aug 11 2009 	Recomendable		
Jul 12 2009 	Regular		
Jun 25 2009 	Nessun motivo per non tornarci		
Jun 14 2009 	buona posizione e buon rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Jun 6 2009 	Perfecto y su precio de calidad al lado del centro		
May 16 2009 	???????????????????		
May 15 2009 	Positivamente aceptable		
May 4 2009 	Bon hotel pour visiter Londres		
Apr 15 2009 	pesimo		
Mar 12 2009 	Perfecto hotel y muy buena calidad/precio		
Feb 25 2009 	se siente su		
Feb 2 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio		
Jan 13 2009 	2 notti tra comodita' e comfort		
Jan 10 2009 	Ottimo prezzo e sistemazione ragionevole		
Dec 13 2008 	Desastroso		
Dec 12 2008 	Un simple aprobado		
Dec 5 2008 	Bastante bien		
Nov 11 2008 	Abili borseggiatori		
Sep 27 2008 	?????????????		
Sep 26 2008 	Limpio sencillo y muy bien comunicado		
Sep 22 2008 	realiza su funcion		
Aug 28 2008 	L'ideale a Londra! (Rita-PG)		
Jul 30 2008 	Nie wieder Tavistock		
Jul 29 2008 	UNA OPCIÓN MUY RECOMENDABLE		
Jul 7 2008 	Ottimo Soggiorno		
Jun 30 2008 	assolutamente !NOOO!		
Jun 25 2008	Situación inmejorable.		
Jun 12 2008 	Precio localización buen desayuno		
May 20 2008 	Effort à faire sur l'accueil et les sanitaires		
May 3 2008 	Para Londres en ese sitio y por ese precio un lujo		
Apr 11 2008 	Sencillo pero bueno+		
Mar 24 2008 	cuidado con los ingleses o mejor las inglesas en ese hotel		
Mar 21 2008	menos mal que estaba centrico		
Dec 4 2007 	Seguro que hay algo peor y muchos mejores		
Nov 3 2007 	necesita ser reformado		
Jul 22 2007	Me gusto bastante		
Jun 30 2007 	buona scelta per poche sterline...		
Dec 18 2006 	Calidad / Precio ajustada		
Nov 25 2006 	Hotel antiguo y muy sencillo.		
