	Excellent - we will be back	We have just spent 3 nights at this hotel and really enjoyed our stay. Reception area was very attractive and the Christmas trees were up which added to the ambience. Reception staff were very accommodating when we arrived 2 hours early they found us a double room right away. It was very spacious, clean, well decorated and there were nice products in the bathroom. We ate in the restaurant on the first night, the food was good and there was an exceptionally friendly Spanish waiter who was really helpful. Breakfast was excellent plenty of choice and something for everyone. There is a well equipped little gym with sauna which we intended to use but sadly we ran out of time. Gloucester Road tube station is only 3 mins walk away which made it easy for us to get around the capital. There are two good little pubs nearby and some shops and cafes. The only negative thing I have to say about the hotel is that the towels were really small and thin - it's about time they were changed for new fluffy BIG bath towels.	
Nov 10 2009	Fantastic place to stay!	I stayed for 3 nights at Harrington Hall and had a great experience. The rooms were large and clean, and decorated in a very quaint, old English country style. They had all the amenities we required in the room, such as minibar, iron and ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities and hairdryer, etc. The bathrooms were also nice, the only tiny complaint is that sometimes the bottom of the bath can get slippery. Cannot really comment on the service as we did not have any need to call the staff for anything, but check in was fast and hassle free. The location was perfect, only about 2 minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station (which is on 3 lines, meaning you can get to most major places in London without having to change trains). Gloucester Road has many shops and places to eat, so you will have no trouble getting what you need nearby. The hotel is actually located on a small street off Gloucester Road, so there is not really any street noise. It is not far from the Natural History Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum if you are interested in those things. Harrods is only a very short bus ride away. I booked this room through Priceline and it was a real bargain for the quality we got. I would definitely stay here again and I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good Staff Great Location Decent Hotel	I am getting more and more impressed with the NH hotel chain. They have dedicated staff and good properties. There are however many little irritating things that are preventing the stay to be great.Room 337+ Efficient staff at check-in *****+ Big roomy room ***** (for London)+ Bathrobes, slippers... *****+ Clean room and bathroom *****+ Helpful Staff ****+ Great Location in a quiet street, close to West London attractions*****+ Nice and diverse choice for breakast and lunch buffet. Good coffee.- 2 twin beds put together **- Very small towels (not consistent with 4 stars)- Soundproofness totally unefficient **- Temperature Control (heat coming through the vent, even though it is closed)**- Rooms are a bit pricey ***- We needed to change the room card 3 times as they kept demagnetizing.- Little details (never got a 2nd coffee at breakfast, 1 liner missing to curtains to block the sun, drinking glass not changed by housekeeping, bathtub partially clogged...) However the hotel staff were eager to fix those once we mentioned them.A decent hotel, very functional but missing the little touches of comfort that are now standard in four stars hotels	
Nov 8 2009 	Nice hotel large rooms great location	We spent one night here as we were passing through London. I got the room at a very good rate through Priceline and we were extremely pleased with it. The rooms are larger than many in central London, immaculately clean, and the decor and amenities were very nice. The style is Edwardian I would say, with big floral fabrics and prints of foxhunters on horsback and such. Could be a bit fiddly and twee for some people..... The room included a nice flat panel TV, iron, ironing board, trouser press, safe, and plenty of storage space in a little alcove off of the room itself. The staff were pleasant and held our bags during the afternoon while we went out for a bit of beer and sightseeing. The location is excellent - about a two minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station, and easy walking distance to a couple of our favorite pubs and the Earls Court area with lots of nice restaurants. Decent pubs close by (near the tube station) as well.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent hotel at an excellent location	Love this hotel. I stumbled upon it on hotelclub's website, and then saw tripadvisor's review was good, so decided to go for it. It's a lovely hotel. We got a very reasonable rate. The hotel is located one block off Glourster Road Tube stattion, so for those that are using the Heathrow airport, this is very handy, as it's on the same line so you don't need to change when hauling your luggage around. The neighbourhood is very nice and quite posh. There are lots of eateries here, such as Nandos, nice pubs, nice restaurants - and then there's a waitrose just across the street. The hotel itself is quite classy and posh, with friendly staff. Room is very very spacious (I just got a standard double), nice decor (victorian style, but done up nicely and recently), and everything in the room is furnished to a high standard. Bathroom very good, good hot water pressure, clean, modern. With air conditioning. No noise. All in all, this is a fabulous hotel, and I am intending to come back here every time we come to London. It's not always you will find one that hits the mark so perfectly.	
Oct 26 2009 	Best budget hotel in London so far	This is my 7th trip to London in the last 8 years and I must say that this is the best hotel I have stayed in for a weekend trip so far. HUGE spacious room (I booked a room with 2 single bed as as I traveled with my mom), everything was clean and in order. The rooms and bathrooms seem to have been refurbished lately in a Laura Ashley-like style, the beds were new and comfy. Breakfast was ok, we had to queue once but only for about 5 minutes. The personnel is very nice and concerned about the guests´ needs. The hotelroom is equipped with LAN (Swisscom) and there are 2 PCs in the office center. Unfortunately internet is not free, not even in the office center and one printed page costs 50p (which I think is totally overpriced). At least they give you a complimentary 15 min voucher for using the internet. I would definitely stay in the hotel again. Great location, the Gloucester Rd subway station is a 2 min walk away, there is also a small shopping arcade (gloucester arcade) with a Boot`s Pharmacist and a Waitrose open 7 days a week (12-6 on Sun)	
Oct 20 2009	Good location quiet rooms...good value for central london	Stayed at the hotel as part of a larger group tour. Main floor lobby is nicely renovated and air conditioned, but the rooms and hallways are a bit dated and not as well air conditioned for our liking. Our room faced a nice, quiet courtyard. Breakfast was great, and the location was even better...really a great selling point if you're heading to the Natural History Museum of the V&amp;A. Don't have anything to complain about...made our rushed tour through London as pleasant as it could be!	
Oct 8 2009 	Enjoyed our stay...great location!	We stayed here for three nights before our British Isles cruise. The location is simply the best! The Underground is only a block away - Gloucester Road Tube stop. Three lines are available here: Picadilly, District and Circle. Service was great. We were able to check in early which was appreciated since we arrived around 10am. Breakfast was self-serve and I would definitely have it included in your reservation. Rooms are all nicely furnished. We paid only $150 a night - great value for an outstanding hotel. I would highly reccommend this hotel and will definitely stay again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Location needs updating.	I paid in advance for the booking yet on arrival was asked to pay again. A small inconvenience which was quickly sorted out but did mean our stay started out on a negative point.Rooms were clean, well lit and beds were comfy. The decor of the rooms was a little outdated for my likeing but perfect for those who like their hotel rooms to appear &quot;homely&quot;.Staff were not British; as in most hotels these days. Usually I do not see this as a negative. However the staff we encountered at this hotel did not speak english fluently and had trouble with regional accents. I guess they must have been new to the UK but it did make communication with them a little difficult and did impact on the service.	
Oct 1 2009 	Rooms was a bit "chintzy" but huge!!	The check-in staff member was very friendly, efficient and even upgraded my room to a King. The room was a little &quot;chintzy&quot; with floral wallpaper and antique furniture but surprisingly huge. The bed was a little uncomfortable. They give you the option to swap your pillows to ones that suit you better....firm, soft, neck support etc. Check out was very efficient. The staff were very friendly and you can tell the company is trying to bring in new ideas for customer satisfaction.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Sep 28 2009 	Comfortable Stay with Friendly Service	Very comfortable stay. The staff were very friendly and always willing to help. Rooms are spacious. Overall great value for money and I would highly recommend it.	
Sep 9 2009 	Good experience not luxury	My teenage daughter and I went to London for a vacation. The hotel lobby was pleasant - clean, not fancy. Our room had two twin beds and was very spacious. The beds were comfortable. The room was clean and quiet. We stayed 6 nights, and not once did we have the accurate linen count - either missing towels, or washcloths. It started to be a joke with us - betting on what we did/didn't have that day!! Location was great - very close to Glouster tube stop. Good restaurants nearby too. We had the breakfast meal plan and that was very convenient. Food choices were the same every day - never varying - and was mediocre in taste and variety. If paying separately, I would not eat at the hotel as it was very pricey. I don't travel in Europe often, but this isn't a 4 star by US standards, but overall a very nice place to stay. I would stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent location but not a four star	Stayed here for three nights on a busy few days in London. We did not spend much time here and it was really only for sleeping. The Great- Location and price (some great deals on this hotel at the moment)The Good -The bedrooms are very spaciousThe Bad- Attention to detail is lacking, one curtain hanging off, the lining ripped on another, towels have seen better days and on one day all we were left were hand towels, one bottle of minerail water left per day and on one day no water left at all. Also one glass for drinking. On the first night we arrived we took 2 glasses of wine up to our bedroom, three days later the glasses were still there, although a kettle is provided ours was burnt out.I would stay here again but only on a special rate.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here one night before flying out to Venice the following day. We had booked via &quot;bookinhotels.com&quot; but upon arrival we were told that our booking had been cancelled by an agent who had dealings with bookinhotels. We had lost our booking and money but luckily Harrington Hall had a vacancy for the night and we paid again (not their fault so can't blame them). The room was spacious and clean - lovely bathroom and comfy bed. There was some noise in the room and we didn't realise until the next morning that the window had been open a little! I'm sure if it had been closed then we would have had a much more quiet room. Great location, lots of places to eat and friendly staff.	
Aug 8 2009 	Elegant hotel-Budget Price-great service!	We have no complaints about this lovely hotel in the South Kensington area of London. It is a safe comfortable location. It is close to the tube. The rooms were very cute and spacious. Plenty of storage space. Small minibar-which we emptied and used for our own stuff. Only weakness-extremely expensive wifi access and limited room service selection (very expensive). There are however many internet cafes and great restaurants in the neighborhood. We were very pleased with the value offered by this fine hotel.	
Jul 31 2009 	Good hotel Great location	We stayed here in July 2009 for 5 nights. It is in a nice neighborhood and just steps from the Gloucester Road tube station with all the other conveniences noted below. There were nice walks in the area too, if you hadn't already walked your feet off. The room was quite spacious and had many useful amenities. The soaps and shampoos were lovely. One thing we were disappointed by was the lack of wireless internet. You could use the wired net for a steep price, but with an iPhone, that doesn't help. This was clearly a hotel frequented by business travelers so they should definitely upgrade and soon. Luckily there was a nice internet cafe around the corner, so we could catch up there. Another note - DO NOT use the laundry in the Gloucester Road tube station. They ruined several items and gave our clothes back in an appalling condition. They didn't smell clean yet were wrinkled beyond repair in some cases. We've had fluff &amp; fold service around the world and have never seen anything nearly this bad.	
Jul 20 2009 	Don't Make the Mistake I Did!	Virgin Vacations booked my wife and I into Harrington Hall. After being in a plane about 11 hours, traveling through more than a half dozen time zones and being up nearly 24 hours, we got to Harrington Hall only to be told the room we prepaid for was not available as they overbooked. The pompous peacock of a Front Desk Manager named Butler handled this in a rude and indifferet manner. I subsequently wrote the president and ceo of NH Hotels and never even got a response. A very unprofessional company. Do yourself a big favor and Don't Make the Mistake I Did, avoid NH Hotels!Tim	
Jul 14 2009 	Huge rooms great location	We stayed in the NH Harrington Hall for 3 nights in July. As has been mentioned previously the hotel rooms are in need of an update but the other aspects of the hotel more than make up for this. First impressions of the hotel on arrival - the reception/foyer area is beautiful and modern so clearly they are beginning to modernise. A very friendly doorman greeted us on arrival and insisted on carrying our case to the reception desk. Check in was quick and easy, although they insisted on having a credit card (debit wouldn't do so if you don't have a credit card you may have problems on arrival). Our room was really huge - an enormous bed plus room for a table and two chairs, a dresser and an enormous wardrobe! A very pleasant surprise considering the average room size in London! Yes the decor was very old fashioned but the room had all modern conveniences - hairdryer, safe, fantastic air conditioning (it was 32 degrees when we stayed so this was a real plus for us!), mini bar, kettle, TV etc. The bathroom was a very good size and recently refurbished with a good shower and plenty of lovely toiletries and towels supplied.The location was absolutely fantastic with Gloucester Road tube station literally a two minute walk away with access to the Victoria, Circle and District lines. There are plenty of restaurants + bars within short walking distance and even a 24hr Tesco within 5 minutes of the hotel! The Natural History Museum + Science Museum are within a very short distance of the hotel and are well worth a visit!One thing I would say though is avoid the room service - when we tried to order 2 of our choices weren't available and when the food eventually did come the portions were absolutely pathetic. My husband ordered fish and chips and received the tiniest portion of cod along with 5 chips for £14.50! Not impressed by that at all! Overall we were very impressed with the hotel, particularly at the price we paid for the room and will definitely return on our next trip to London!	
Jul 12 2009 	A good choice	I stayed here for one night in June. I got a good deal on the room, and overall was pleased with the experience. The room was in good condition and quiet. The bed was perfectly comfortable, unlike the experiences noted by some previous contributors, although maybe rooms vary, and you can choose the type of pillow you wish to use. The best thing about the room on a humid day when temperatures reached 32 centigrade was the efficient air conditioning. Bliss! The in room safe was useful. The only quible was that the built in ironing board was too small and awkward to use. . The location of the hotel is excellent. Gloucester Rd tube station is just steps away. I was in London for a business appointment but the Natural History Museum, Science Museum etc are close. Breakfast in the hotel is pricy, but as noted you can visit a cafe just around the corner and find fresh juice, croissants and coffee at reasonable rates. The staff were helpful and stored my bag after check out until I collected it later in the day. I would have liked to use the sauna but unfortunately it was a very hot day ( by British standards!)	
Jul 9 2009 	Recommended for location dated decor.	The best thing about this hotel is it's location; just around the corner from Gloucester Rd tube it was easy to get to all areas of London and felt safe walking back late at night.The room was clean and spacious with all amenties we needed. Light, with large windows looking out to the pleasant street below.I particularly appreciated the 'pillow service', which invited us make a selection from a 'pillow menu'.Minor negatives- room decoration was very twee and reminded me of a nice old folks rest home with heavily patterned fabrics throughout. Also, the room was very warm despite air conditioning. It felt quite stuffy and the windows were sealed so no opportunity for natural ventilation.If you can get a good price then stay here. It's a nice place in a great location.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice convenient hotel and Great Value	We stayed at this hotel for four days in June, 2009. The hotel is located about 500 feet from the Picadilly Line Glouster Rd tube stop. The staff is quite friendly and professional. The staff was very helpful answering all our questions.They stored our luggage after arriving from Heathrow in the morning. The room was large, quiet and comfortable. The morning breakfast buffet was fully stocked and the dining room was very comfortable. We booked through Virgin Vacations and are very satisfied with the hotel. Good pub food available nearby. Very affordable. One word of caution the bathtub is quite slippery	
Jun 21 2009 	Wow - A hidden Gem	This hotel is a true hidden gem of a hotel, especially in London. The rooms were big, well kept and comfortable, the tube station is only minutes away and value out-standing. It is a true Oasis in a city that often only delivers over-priced tatty hotels. I only have 2 gripes, firstly that breakfast doesn't start until 07:30 on a Sunday and is swamped by coach parties. Saying that though, the breakfast was good, service quick and had lots of choice. Full marks to the staff. Secondly I'm disappointed that we didn't stay more that the one night as the hotel, and it's rooms, made me feel so at home I could have stayed a week. Having found this gem I'm going to be coming back to London more often.... as long as I can book here again of course!	
May 21 2009 	A week in May	My wife and I just returned home from a 7 night stay in London at the Harrington Hall Hotel. Staff was excellent, room well appointed and comfortable, even if the bed was FIRM. At 18 pounds each for breakfast, we didn't bother with the hotel restaurant , but nearby pubs and shops (right around the corner on Gloucester Rd) were excellent. The Coffee Forum served a great full English breakfast for under 5 pounds, and the Hereford Arms put out a good pint and nice meal at a reasonable price. It's just a short walk to the Gloucester Rd Tube, so with London Passes and Transportation cards we were set for the week. Would we stay here again? Absolutely!	
May 15 2009 	Good value close to the Tube	This is a very good hotel for the money - - I would have given it 5 stars but the beds were horribly uncomfortable! I was happy to see how large they were (by London standards) but I swear i havent ever been in a bed that uncomfortable anywhere, so much so that I had to sleep on top of the comforter just to get some extra padding. However, they do give you a choice of pillows, but my back ached for a week afterward.The rooms themselves were VERY big by London standards--larger than any London hotel I've ever been in. There was a flat screened tv in the room as well. The bathrooms seemed to have been recently upgraded with travertine tiles, but the tubs were poorly designed and one got the feeling that one must catapult over the lip of the tub to get in. Aside from that there were no anti-slip mats available and I slipped a couple of times while in the shower (this would be an easy and inexpensive thing for the hotel to fix).That said, the buffet breakfast was a great value --provided you got it included in your package (i believe its about 30 pounds per if not). The staff are fantastic, very helpful, very knowledgeable. My boyfriend and I went there on his first-ever trip to London, so the location was great for the tube, especially since I insisted we get up at 5am and pack the day with sightseeing. You're in comfortable walking distance of the Victoria &amp; Albert and there is a Waitrose nearby with ready to eat meals and a large wine selection so we &quot;ate in&quot; a lot, especially . There are plenty of affordable restaurants close at hand if you chose and I love the area in particular because its so &quot;neighborhoody&quot;.I would stay again for sure, but next time I may bring a sleeping bag!	
May 2 2009 	Wonderful stay	Great location! Staff very helpful! We arrived at 7:00 am and were in our room immediately. That helps after flying all nite.	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent value for London	I have stayed in 3 other hotels in this area and was amazed at the service, size of the room, and value for money of this hotel. We had a very large twin room with excellent cupboard space and mini bar. There was a good choice at breakfast and the staff were very very pleasant and helpful. The location was perfect, not far from the train station, supermarkets and restaurants. I will definitely stay here again. Really impressed with NH hotels little touches and I will search for them in other countries.	
Apr 24 2009 	A nice stay at the Harrington Hall	We spent 7 nights at the Harrington Hall in late March/early April – 5 nights at the beginning of our trip and 2 nights at the end. We booked both stays through Priceline at an unbelievably low rate. We were a little apprehensive about the hotel, but overall we had a lovely time and would definitely stay there again. The location is absolutely fabulous, as others have noted. We found the hotel facilities to be lower quality that Priceline’s four-star rating, but the location and the staff more than made up for that.We arrived at 9 a.m. after an overnight flight, and we were desperately in need of sleep. Front desk staff advised that there were just two king rooms available – both on the smoking floor. We were offered an upgrade – at additional cost – but declined. The hotel let us look at both smoking rooms and, while the smell of smoke was overpowering in the hallways on this floor (the 2nd), the smell in one of the two rooms was not too bad and we took it. We made the decision voluntarily (and the hotel staff advised that we could move to another room later, when one became available, but we did not want to repack), but I would not stay on this floor again – walking through the smoke-filled hallway was terrible. However, we were desperate to check in and very grateful that any room was available. Because it was cool during our stay and the window to our room opened to a quiet courtyard at the back of the hotel, we were able to keep the room aired out.The room was small but perfectly adequate, with a flat-screen TV, minibar which we could empty to store orange juice, etc., two wing chairs, and a very nice bed. There was also a storage chest at the foot of the bed. The bathroom was terrific – large, clean, and with plenty of space for our toiletries (although the hotel’s soap must be intended to be used by Munchkins –the one bar we received each day was approx. 1 inch square). While the bed and bath linens were clean, the condition of the furnishings and wallpaper was terrible – chipped/scratched wood, peeling/stained wallpaper with holes in places, and dirty, dingy upholstery – which included a large rip in the seat of the desk chair. Even so, we had made our choice and, given the incredibly low price, were relatively satisfied. Other than the shoddy condition of the furnishings, we had just one other problem – minor, but very annoying: the hairdryer would not work for more than 15 seconds. The weather was very chilly, and neither of us wanted to go out with wet hair. For 3 days, we asked for the hairdryer (which is built in) to be repaired or replaced and, while the staff was always polite and in one case actually brought a hairdryer that had been left by a guest (but that also did not work), the problem remained unresolved. On the third day, we again asked for the hairdryer to be fixed/replaced – with a certain level of frustration, at this point – and the manager on duty (Peter, I believe) came up to the room with another staff member. He apologized and said that he would personally see to the problem – and would also replace the ripped desk chair. We were skeptical, but he was true to his word: there was a hairdryer on our bed that afternoon, the chair had been replaced, and there was a small bowl of fruit on the table. We were very grateful.Checking out at the end of our first stay, we mentioned to the front-desk employee that we were looking forward to returning 10 days later. He seemed to be making a notation to that effect in the computer, but we did not think much about it. Upon returning, that same front-desk employee was on duty, remembered us immediately, and was very welcoming. He gave us a key to a room on the (nonsmoking) third floor and, when we opened the door, we found one of the largest hotel rooms I have ever seen. There was a solid wall of windows (all with the hotel’s old-fashioned floral draperies, which we liked very much) and at least 500 square feet of floor space. The furnishings and wallpaper were of the same type as our first room, but in much better condition. And this enormous room had a coffee press, ground coffee, and several additional bath amenities. I immediately called the front desk employee to thank him for being so thoughtful and to tell him how much we appreciated the room. He was very gracious. This made the end of our trip (which is always sad) much more pleasant – and it provided us with the necessary floor space to unpack and repack much more easily.Given the outstanding location and responsive and helpful staff, we would definitely stay at the Harrington Hall again – provided we were able to book the room for a reasonable rate reflecting the hotel’s quality level.	
Apr 9 2009 	Good hotel close to tube.	This hotel was booked by my company and when I looked at the website I was a little concerned about the hotel. However, in reality the hotel was very good and I would recommend it.Check in was fast and reception staff were friendly and efficient.The bedroom was large and traditional in style whereas the bathroom was very modern. The room overlooked the main street but I was not disturbed by noise.Breakfast was ok. Nothing special but equally there was nothing to really fault.Hotel is a 2 min walk from Gloucester Road tube, so pretty convenient. There are also some nice restaurants and bars on the doorstep.All in all, I liked the hotel and will stay here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Better than average for London	More of a business hotel than for tourists. Good location, close to rail links and some attractions. Staff were a little perfunctory in their service and weren't particularly friendly or engaging. Breakfast was expensive but of good quality although there are plenty of other options in the area. Rooms were quite nice if not a bit dated. Some of the furniture was marked but all in reasonable for age.	
Mar 12 2009 	Characterless 'Business' Hotel	On the plus side the location is great with loads of nearby shops, pubs, restaurants, underground etc.On the negative side the staff were below average, (except the bar staff who were fine). Room service was a joke - arguing with us about whether toast should have been included in the delivered breakfast! The so called Suite we booked was also a joke; just an oversized odd shaped room that they had put a desk into and called a suite. The single small window was over some service part of the hotel with vents and fans etc and no view, except the back of the houses opposite.Overall, characterless and very expensive. Clearly a hotel aimed at the business traveller.	
Feb 16 2009 	Reluctant to praise in case it gets booked up when we next want to go!	Let's start with value as some reviewers express totally unrealistic expectations for the outlay. We paid less than £80 per night for a standard double room (B&amp;B for two) for 3 nights. I've learned not to expect too much for this sort of price in London......how wrong could I have been. This is a genuine 4* hotel run by the Spanish NH group. This hotel is properly managed, staff are not just polite but helpful. We didn't take the upgrades to &quot;superior&quot; (+£15) nor to &quot;suite&quot;(for £25) but decided to stick with what we booked. In terms of relative value I think we made the right choice. The room was at the back of the hotel and was exceptionally quiet. The bed was Queen sized I think as it was certainly bigger than our oown king sized at home. There was proper ground coffe and a cafetiere available as well as teas with a nice full sized kettle. The bathroom was all you could expect, and probably more ,with quality Grohe fittings for shower &amp; taps. The power of the shower was excellent. Add a bath robe, flat screen tv,internet point, phone, mini-bar(not used),iron &amp; ironing board(not used either.....I don't take a break in London to do household chores) and a phone and this is excellent value.But there's more: the breakfast experience was first rate....beats any Hilton into a cocked hat. There's not only the &quot;Full English&quot; available (although only with scrambled eggs on show) but meats, cheeses fruit juices, cakes, a variety of tastey breads and fresh fruit.This is all laid out sensibly and Tea&amp; Coffee are served to your table. Not only this but extended seving times at weekends is a nice touch which others could emulate to their advantage.There are other facilities in this hotel including a gym, but come on, I didn't get to where I am today by wasting my time there...........Yes we both loved this hotel; it's location, style and facilities have set a new standard for us.	
Feb 16 2009 	Will this hotel again	We visited London for a weekend staying at the NH Harrington on Saturday night. we booked a standard triple room and were very pleased to be upgraded to a lovely room with ample space for the 3 of us (couple and 12 year old boy). the hotel is in a great location - peaceful but very close to the Glouster Road tube and and less than 10 minutes walk to the Natural History and Science museums and the V&amp;Aservice was great. we arrived early and left our luggage while we enjoyed the city and again left our luggage after checkout on the Sunday and collected it before leaving that evening. my only compliant is that breakfast is very expensive at £20 per person but no problem as there is a very nice cafe serving full english breakfast, smoothies and excellent coffees just round the corner. I'll use this hotel again for holidays and business.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good Location....	Hotel is located in South Kensington close to the Glouster Tube Station. Great area with easy access to tube, several museums and Hyde Park. Staff very friendly, rooms clean, but dated. Shower door was partial glass that was not connected to the tub but to the wall only and swung out. Tile was cracked; wall paper was pealing off in some small places. Beds small, but comfortable. Restuarant not impressive, with the exception on the breakfast buffet - Excellent! Overall, if your looking for safe hotel in a picturesque neighborhood where you will only be changing and sleeping...highly recommended.	
Jan 18 2009	Loved it!	I really loved this hotel! I was taking my partner to London for his birthday and we had booked a standard room-bed and breakfast for a really good rate on Alpharooms. We paid less than 200 euro in total for 2 nights . I never mentioned that it was a birthday break or anything so we were delighted and surprised when we got there and the really nice receptionist upgraded us two levels to an executive room! The room was lovely, really big and bright with a huge bed and a lovely flat screen TV. The range of products that they leave out 4u is pretty impressive too! razors, shave foam, dental kits, sponges etc as well as all the usual stuff. The breakfast is excellent, cant think of anything I would have wanted that wasnt on offer and the location is great. 2 mins to the tube (Gloucester Road) and 10 minute walk to Kensington High Street. Some lovely restaraunts in the vicinity too. We ate in the Steak House on the corner, think it was called Green Door or something like that-really good. Enjoy!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great 4* value and location	The best thing about this hotel is its location - just a few steps near the tube station with several lines, with lot of little restaurants arround it. There is also Tesco Express supermarket open 24/7 on the Glaucester Road (where the tube station is). I stayed here between Xmas and NY for 4 nights with my girlfriend - besides location we loved large comfortable bad, clean bathroom, big flat TV and the fact that it was realy quiet in our room. Sometimes the heating was a bit strong so we opened window while sleaping... Strange thing hapened one evening: the phone in our room start ringing, but nobody was there when we answered. This hapened five or six times in a row. We caled the reception to report this &quot;mestake&quot; and thay handeled it right away - it has stoped ringing since. Breakfast was rich, &quot;full english&quot;, but we didn't like the taste of scrumbled eggs. Thay have fantastic apple-pie and great beans souce. Bread was very tastefull also, but we would prefer a bigger chice of cheeses and juices.The stuff was ok, but a bit slow during our check-in and check-out. On the other hand, thay seam to be very helpfull if you want to book a place to go out, to eat or something similar. Due to an excelent location and a comfortable room and bad, our visit to London was a great one, so I would recomand this hotel to enyone. It gives you a great 4* value for a 4* price.	
Dec 30 2008 	Ab Fab! Loved it!	Booked this hotel through Travel by Fingertip (highly recommend) before leaving Houston for an 11 night tour of Ireland. Flew from Dublin back into LHR and was picked up by car service and delivered to Harrington Hall. We spent 3 nights before our return to Houston.Outside construction was going on, with scaffolding all along the exterior. On check-in was surprised to see the modern interior of the reception, lobby sitting area, and restaurant. Upstairs to our rooms and a quaint English cottage feel. We had one King room on a lower floor...gorgeous, and little noise from construction even in daytime. Our other two rooms were higher...a twin room and a double, nicely decorated and CLEAN. Lovely complimentary toiletries, pillow menu, and in room coffee/tea service that was refilled daily.Housekeeping was very attentive when asked for extra towels, etc. Front desk personnel were friendly, helpful, and courteous...especially to my elderly parents. The green apples in the bowl between elevators was a nice touch.Our cost included full English breakfast which was plentiful and excellent. We ate dinner in house two nights and were very pleased with our choices.We liked the Harrington Hall so much that we are returning for a 5 night stay in July 2009 after our Scotland tour.	
Dec 24 2008 	the hotel's a bit tired	Not bad, but then again not good either.The facade and reception areas are good and presentable but the lobby areas and the bedrooms are a bit dated now.It's clean enough, and on the three or four separate occasions I stayed here in 2008, I didn't have an all together bad stay, but it was only acceptable and nothing more.Clean enough, but I think that the hotel has seen better days. Breakfast is excellent and the hotel is very conveniently located right next to Gloucester Road tube.	
Nov 12 2008 	Good rooms and location in Kensington	Booked a room through wotif.com and got a very good rate. Arrived at our stated time and checked in, and were informed of the 5pm checkout for Sundays, which we of course took up. It's only 1.5 blocks from Gloucester Rd tube station and there are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the area, an a 24-hr Tesco express. Room itself was a decent size and well-appointed and clean, and there were a few nice touches such as the king size bed having two duvets so you don't steal your partner's warmth away, and you can call reception and have your selected kind of pillows sent up (we got nice latex ones). Wi-fi access in our room had a bit of a shaky connection, and was fairly expensive at 15 pounds for 24 hours. We paid the premium as we were too tired to go to the internet cafe 50 metres away! The mini-bar wasn't working (apparently a hotel-wide problem) but the room service prices were not as outrageous as we expected - didn't end up ordering anything so can't comment on food quality however.We didn't eat breakfast there as it's 17 pounds for the buffet! This is obviously a hotel set up for those on a business account, or perhaps well-off older travellers, of which we are neither, but it was a pleasant stay.	
Nov 10 2008 	Good location but a bit crass....	I booked the Harrington Hall Hotel for 3 nights during a work stay in London. Booked online so everything pre-paid for. Checking in took about 15mins as the receptionist spent most of it trying to sell me a room upgrade (which I took for 15pounds) and internet access (£12 for 24-hr access to the 'economy' version meaning you are limited to a download speed and size!! C'mon guys this is 2008 not 1999!!!).Eventually got to my room which was okay but the decor is v. out of date. Wallpaper peeling off the walls, etc. The mini-bar is extortionate at £3.50 for a little tub of pringles (y'know the one that has about 12 pringles in it!!?!).Upside? Location is good (Gloucester Rd tube just around the corner). That's about it really.Downside? Cocky reception staff, you pay through the nose for everything(!), and the whole hotel just has a feeling of trying to be a 4* hotel in Kensington but in fact it just doesn't make the grade.Personally I won't stay here again even though I got 50% of the rack rates - there are far better hotels for the money. Must try A LOT harder.....	
Oct 16 2008 	Exceptional accomodations	My wife and I stayed at Harrington on our first trip to England. It was also our 34th wedding anniversary. We found the staff extremely cordial. They treated very well with answers to our many many questions. The Tube was just a block or so away. Great shopping and museums in the Knightsbridge area. The room was adaquate in size. Being used to larger rooms in US, still we were completely satisfied. The only drawback we had was the height of the tub. You really had to step high to take a shower. The food in the restaurant was very well prepared. We stayed there for 6 nights and I would not hesitate to book it on future trips. Great Job !!	
Oct 11 2008 	Recommended	Booked this hotel for one night stay via LASTMINUTE.COM - excellent location - 2 minutes walk from gloucester road station and all that Gloucester Road has to offer, coffee shops, restaurants, post office etc.Room was good size and very clean, the bed was very comfortable and a good size. Excellent free toiletries and there is a trouser press and iron in the room. Ample flat screen TV.Quiet location even though the room was facing the front.Only criticism I have, is that the bath was very slippery, there was no rubber mat and there was a step up to get into it, you had to hold on for dear life. Would come here again. All in all a pleasant stay.	
Oct 10 2008 	Mixed Feelings	Booked the Harrington Hall through Easy Jet Web Site when booking flights from Scotland for a four night stay in the capital with my partner. Hotel is rated as 4 Star and the positive review comments on Trip Advisor and closeness to the Museums assisted in my decision. On arrival I had language difficulties with the reception staff and I am Scottish. The reception staff attempted to sell us an upgraded room which ww were told was available for £150 but we declined. Apart from that check in was quick and painless until we were allocated our room.We were unable to enter the room using the key cards and sought assistance form a member of staff only to find on opening the door it was already occupied.Back to reception and given apology and proper room. The room was spacious clean and very well furnished.It faced the rear of the hotel hence no view and was on the first floor but did have air conditioning which worked - See other traveller's reviews.It also had a flat screen television but the picture reception on the majority of the channels was below standardThere was tea and coffee making facilities and the bathroom was large and well appointed with a nice strong shower.Residents had to use the lifts as the stairs were at either end of the building meaning either a walk through the restaurant or the conference areas.There were a variety of complimentary morning and evening news papers in the foyer.Breakfast was charged at £17 per person which we avoided and visited a nearby cafe where tea and coffee with two free croissants was available for £3.50 a bargain indeed. There were many other nearby outlets offering full breakfasts from as little as £4.If booking this hotel ensure that your air conditioning is paid as part of the booking as I overheard other residents being charged for the use of same.Apart from that a well located easily accessable hotel when visiting the capital	
Sep 20 2008 	Wonderful Stay	We booked this hotel through Airmiles....took a while to find it in their system but eventually.....We had stayed here before and since I last stay (2006) it had been refurbished to a high standard. The rooms are clean and spacious....flat screen TV, good bathroom, very comfortable.Staff are good and nothing appears to much for them.breakfast is especially good...a 'help yourself' buffet with full English, or continental....take your pick (or both)Location is excellent for all of London. The closest tube is about 3 minute stroll and you can be in theatre land in 15 - 20 minutes.Recommended and would stay again.Only thing to be wary of....Bar prices....a bit over the top (but there is a nice pub about 2 mintues from the hotel (with real ale!!)	
Aug 20 2008 	Average accommodation	We have returned from 7 night stay and found the position of the hotel excellent for acces to tube and musems in Kensington.Our room was on the sixth floor with no view as the windows were behind the parapet. Behind the scaffolding facade the hotel is very old, corridors and rooms very stuffy.The air-conditioning ceased after 2 nights and was not available for the remainder of our stay. The staff offered to open the windows to allow some air but these could only be opened approx. 12 inches and little or no air came in due to the obstruction of the parapet. We were very annoyed that no effort appeared to be made to fix the problem and other guests remarked that the air conditioning was a huge problem. Would not stay here again in summer. Breakfast very good and concierge very helpful. Insist on accommodation on lower level.Beware the photos on website - rooms are not as up to date as they appear	
Aug 12 2008 	mixed feelings	The best thing about this hotel is the room size. We stayed in a standard twin room, which could be considered quite big compared to many other London hotels of the same range. The location is also very convenient and very close to the tube. However, there were several things that we were not pleased with: First of all, we were asked for a 150 Pounds deposit (25 Pounds for each day we stayed) while checking in, to unlock the minibar and the telephone! Why don't they just ask for the credit card to secure payment, I don't understand. I paid this amount in cash and that made me very annoyed. I collected it when checking out. In addition, the air conditioning was not working for the first three days and the window couldn't be opened properly! Last but not least, the beds were not comfortable at all and were both creaking and squeaking in every small move we made. In summary, I agree to the previous comments stating that the hotel is trying to be something it is not.	
Jun 21 2008 	A Nice room well located in Kensington	Our corporate agent booked me at NH Harrington Hall because of high tarrifs at Holiday Inn and Millenium Gloucester where I usually go. I upgraded to a corner room on the 2nd floor and was delighted : lots of space, flat screen TV. I also enjoyed the lounge in the lobby in the morning and had a business meeting there over Cappucino. Frankly this was more cosy than the equivalent at the two other hotels I 've mentionned. I always visit Buggis Street Singaporean restaurant accross the street when I am there so I cannot judge the hotel offering. And there are plenty of choices around from the Bombay Brasserie to the pub and even the grocery shop in front of Gloucster station. And if you like this area of London it's a perfect location.	
Jun 19 2008 	Perfect hotel for us	This is a great hotel, near a tube stop (about 1 1/2 blocks away). Hotel staff was great to us. Had a problem with one of the four rooms we booked, but they worked it out for us and ensured our stay was just what we wanted. Daily buffet breakfast was very filling and tasty. This location is great if you like to walk - you can get to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, etc in about a 10-15 minutes! I would definitely stay here again. Oh and there's a little casino right across the street if you fancy gambling!	
Jun 9 2008 	Wonderful stay	We stayed at the Harrington Hall for 10 days and were very impressed with the rooms and service. Our standard room was lovely, larger than most London rooms, very clean, quiet and with a comfy bed and nice bathroom. We requested a room (604) at the back of the hotel since scaffolding was on the front during repairs. Breakfast buffet was outstanding - be sure to get this as part of your room rate as it is expensive if bought on site. Bar area is small but drinks are generous. The staff is remarkable - they seem to speak many languages and this must be very helpful to guests. Concierge is on staff daily. Location is very near a tube stop, handy for connections, and there are many shops and pubs close by. Cabs easy to obtain in front of the hotel. We used Heathrow dot2dot for our transfers and were very pleased with this service, helpful for the jet lagged! We'll stay here again.	
Jun 8 2008	Never again!	Being a frequent traveller myself, I've understood how to be polite to people and expect the same in return. I've never been to a hotel where the employees are this rude. Possibly due to the lack of people skills training (management issue???). It was late by the time we got from airport to hotel. Upon arrival we were given the rooms, of which one of them had air-conditioning problem. This means that instead of cooling the room down, it was heating up (which makes the room all stuffy and difficult to sleep). We politely asked the reception staff if this could be fixed. They then came back with a request why don't we simply open wide all windows to sleep. What if it is raining? or if someone crawled in during the night? These were rooms on the lower floor, close to street level and were facing balconies of nearby buildings. Anyway, we politely asked if there were any rooms left that didn't have any air-conditioning problem and were responded with one employee's comment: &quot;We'll have to see how much you have paid for the rooms first, before we could change another room for you.&quot;. This comment shocked us. How blunt could you be towards a customer. Having worked in the customer service field myself, I know simply what NOT to say to the customer (even if you disagree with the customer's point of view). Also, whether if the customer booked through the internet site or through the last minute &quot;walk-in&quot; rate, no-one should be greeted with this kind of comment or treated differently. After a long while, we finally got a temporary room change. There were also a few minor problems with one other room, but were later on resolved.I have to say, honestly that I will NOT return to this hotel even if their rates are cheaper than other nearby ones.	
May 1 2008 	Excellent Location and Bathroom	First of all, the hotel is in an EXCELLENT location right next to a Circle Line tube station. Also, the Natural History, Science and Victoria and Albert museums are all within walking distance if you don't mind walking. After waiting all morning and some of the afternoon for our room to be ready, the hotel got our reservation wrong and put my wife and I in a two twin room on our honeymoon. My wife stated that this will not do and we asked to be put in a double. No other rooms were available and the first night we stayed in the twin room. After reminding the staff we wanted a double the next morning, they were nice enough to oblige and move our bags for us to the new room. The hotel staff was nice and understanding of our problem, but I believe no reservation mistake was made only an over booking on the hotel's behalf. Rooms are small but the bathrooms are normal size and very clean with new work and fixtures. We were told the rooms have both heating and cooling although I only felt heat and no heat. The flat panel TV was nice and the beds were comfy. I would stay again but I image there are other hotels similar and cheaper.	
Apr 23 2008 	Nice!	You can’t beat the Harrington hall location – just 2 minutes walk from the Gloucester road underground station, which easily connects you with Heathrow airport (45 minutes) and the very center of London (10 minutes). The outside of the hotel is impressing, the lobby – quite modest but comfortable. My room 101 was really large, clean and quite. Additional space for you luggage in hall, big bed and clean bathroom. London guides at your disposal on a tea table with shops, restaurants and places to visit shown on the map. The stuff was very pleasing, I came at night and had no adapter for my mobile phone, but needed it badly since it was my business trip. No matter that it was about 12 am, they found an adapter for me in 3 minutes. English breakfast was perfect, really tasty and plenty to choose. All and all, a really nice place to stay, especially with the rates they have!	
Apr 16 2008 	Terrific	This was my secong trip booked through Virgin Vacations at the NH Harrington Hall. It's a short ride f45 min from Heathrow on the Piccadilly Line to Gloucester Road, the hotel is less then 5 min from the tube. Our room was &quot;superior&quot; not the &quot;standard room&quot; which faces the street. The standard is fine but sometimes you hear noise from the street.This superior room has a small table, lovely bathroom, mini bar - which we used to store some food, flat screen tv, and comfortable bed, our room #609 at the end of the hall away from the elevator. Included in our room package was a wonderful breakfast each day choice of eggs, bacon, sausages, various home baked breads, fruits, ceral, home made muffins etc wonderful array of choices. In a nice comfortable setting. Near the hotel is Waitrose, Sainsbury, Tesco express, Pret a Manger, great selection of place to buy some food to save on meals. I had terrific coffe at &quot;House of Coffee 149 gloucester rd around the corner from the hotel 2 mins a away, great place for a meal open from 7- 1am.	
Apr 11 2008	Perfect in Every Way!	Just spent a week at the hotel and had a great time. The staff was smiling, friendly and especially helpful, not only with questions about the city, but out of town travel as well. The room was quiet, despite being full, and the room size was acceptable for 3 adults in 3 comfortable beds. The breakfast was hot, more than adequate and varied. The dining room was spacious. The hotel location was perfect, as it is a block from the underground. The neighborhood offers some really good restaurants, pharmacy, a lovely bookstore, gift shops, food shops - everything you would need. A lovely walk to Kensington Palace and The Victoria and Albert Museum. Would gladly go there again and recommend it.The only drawback was the smell of cigarettes in the hallway, but it did not penetrate our room in any way! So they probably have smoking rooms available.	
Apr 1 2008 	Spacious Rooms and Conveniently Located	The first thing I noticed was the size of the rooms - decorated in a traditional style with modern touches. From the moment you walk into the recently refurbished lobby, you begin to experience the excellent service the NH chain is known for. I was most impressed by the attention to detail - the &quot;pillow menu&quot; and name-brand bath products specifically.NH Harrington Hall is a very short walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop which puts all of London at your doorstep. A short 15 minute ride will put you in the middle of Picadilly, 20 to Big Ben and Parliament. I walked (a comfortable pace) to Buckingham Palace passing by Harrod's along the way in about 50 minutes. Overall, you can't beat the NH Harrington's service, location and larger than normal rooms for London. Compared to other mid-range priced hotels in London, this is an excellent choice.	
Mar 31 2008 	Very happy with Harrington Hall	We stayed for a week at the Harrington Hall in Feb. 2008 for a vacation in London. This was our first trip to England. The staff was very helpful at check-in. They let us check in early, gave us maps, and other helpful information for our first stay in London. Our room was spotlessly clean (and I am picky about that!). The desk in the room was worn and a little beat up, but, to me, that is no big deal. The bed was comfortable, the room was plenty big enough, as was the bathroom. We were there on Valentine's Day and found when we returned to room at the end of the day, they had left us with some very nice chocolate as a Valentine present. The complimentary breakfast was amazing. There were three tables of food with everything you could possibly want for breakfast and more. I would certainly recommend this hotel for anyone wishing to stay in London. The nearby tube station makes it easy to get anywhere you need to go in the city.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good value in excellent location	We have stayed before and although some recent travellers gave rave reviews our thoughts now are a little more circumspect but I hope fair. Check in is very good and for a small price we got an upgrade to an executive room. I checked in at 10.30 a.m. no problem. Rooms are a good size although the bathroom was a bit small and we noticed that the complimetaiy 'smellies' had been reduced. I think that the rooms generally are a bit tired and in need of redecoration. There is a reasonable choice of TV channels and an internet connection whioch looked expensive.The lounge area has been been tastefully done up but a little spartan and we had breakfast this time. It was OK but pretty standard for a 4* London hotel. Overall we would stay again as it is good quality for the price compared to other equivalent hotels. You do have to shop around the comparative websites for the best price as it can vary by up to £50 per night. The location is fantastic - a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube and easy access to almost everything.	
Mar 10 2008 	Fantastic	Just come back from a weekend at the Harrington Hall. All in all it was excellent. Helpful staff, large rooms, comfy beds even offering you a choice of pillows! Perfect location with lots of cafes and restraunts nearby to choose from and the tube station a 2 min walk away. You can also walk to Hyde Pk, Museums and Knightsbridge in about 20 mins. Our only draw back was that breakfast was not included!Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Absolutely Wonderful	My daughter and I stayed in this lovely English hotel in 2005. It was absolutely wonderful. The rooms were large and nicely decorated. The bathroom was very adequate with a nice LARGE tub. The facilities gym, restaurant, concierge and of course the wait staff were all very nice. The bar was small, but quaint. The staff was extremely helpful at all times. The breakfast had a variety of food that was very pleasing. We felt safe at all times. The staff takes the time to get to know you. They were very personable. I am giving this hotel an excellent rating due to the response we had from other tourists. They complained about their rooms in large hotel chains being small and cramped. I would love to go back to England and of course stay at Harrington Hall.	
Feb 26 2008 	Served its purpose	We stayed here in early February for a long weekend. The location is really ideal as the Gloucester Road tube stop is a block away, this tube stop is on the Piccadilly Line so its fast/easy/direct to and from the airport (LHR) and the station also has an elevator to accommodate your luggage (I've always taken the underground to/from airport on various trips and its no fun lugging luggage up and down multiple flights of stairs). We had an initial problem at check-in as we prepaid for a non smoking room but were assigned a smoking room -10 mins in that room made me nauseous and we asked to get the nonsmoking room that we booked/ paid for. This seemed to be a great difficulty for them as it took hours to make the change. Our rate of $160 did not include breakfast so I have no comments about the breakfast except there were many breakfast options around the corner and all were excellent.The good: The room was huge by London standards. The bathroom was modern. The body/hair products were nice. The King bed was comfortable and the TV was large. Quiet street, undisturbed sleep. Also the location is ideal for quick access to all London has to offer. Quick trip to Heathrow.The bad: The fee for in room internet connectivity was exorbitant $30 a day! or $13 an hour! Room was not really updated. We did not get the wake up calls we had requested. Desk service was not very good.The ugly: the furniture was old/worn. Broiling! We had no heat on and the room was so warm +80F, we had to open the window, in FEBRUARY!, There did not appear to be any bathroom exhaust system so it was always like a steamy sauna in there. If you are assigned a smoking room and are a nonsmoker -the stench will make you gag.All things considered I wanted a big quiet room in a great location and it won on all three of those. I'd stay again if the price was right.	
Feb 25 2008 	Fantastic customer service	We stayed at the NHHarrington Hall Hotel for 6 nights in February. Check-in was quick and professional. The lobby has been completely redone and reflects a rather generic but peaceful atmosphere. Our luggage was safely stored until check in time.Our room on the 4th floor was immaculate, large and well appointed. The room was a bit worn and &quot;chintzy/flowery&quot;...(which I like), huge and very well appointed: in-room safe, fridge, iron, hairdryer, soaps, etc. The bedroom and modern, marble bathroom were very clean and fresh. The staff had left candy and a note to welcome us. Nice touch. The only drawback to the room: The mattress was really awful: lumpy and hard. The associate at the front desk told me the American standard for comfort was quite different than the European standard! I doubt the travelers of the world happily tolerate substandard, lumpy mattresses! Anyway, the great customer service kicked in and the associate sent someone from housekeeping to build the mattress up a bit, rather like a homemade pillowtop mattress. This helped quite a bit. The manager and concierge told me they are planning a full refurbishment of all the guest rooms to be completed by 2009 and this will include the mattresses. I would suspect that rates at this hotel will skyrocket when this refurb. takes place as the location and services available here are fantastic. Our rate included a breakfast buffet and this was a real treat. We were expecting the usual croissant, cold cereal and fruit but were presented with a full buffet that offered anything one could want: full English with mushrooms, beans, tomatoes, various cheeses including wheels of brie, hot meats, cold meats, cereals, yogurts, pastry, fresh fruit, etc. etc. Again, fantastic customer service.The hotel is located on a quiet side street just a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station and is conveniently located close to various pubs, restaurants and grocery stores, the museums and Hyde Park. This hotel stands out because of its location, cleanliness and its dedication to providing the consumer with a superior lodging experience. The NH influence is apparent here and the quality of our stay was superior.	
Feb 19 2008 	More than we expected- by far!	In early February, my wife and I took a trip to celebrate our 25th anniversary, and found that Orbitz offered what seemed to be a great deal through the internet. We pre-paid for the room at the UH Harrington Hall Hotel for an eight day stay with the hope that it would be a better-than-average room and a pleasant stay. It was definitely a better price than even booking directly with the advertised internet prices that the hotel posted. And, honestly, it was attractive to us because it fit within the budget we had set- which was pretty tight (considering the cost of London). We paid about $1450 total for the eight nights for the room (including fees and taxes)- which was advertised as a 'standard non-smoking room for two with a minimum of hot eggs and bacon served at the table.' Trip Advisor had rated the hotel has being good with good reviews, so that was why we looked at this one carefully to start with. Our only (semi) problem (or concern) was that, when you use Orbitz to book at room, the hotel doesn't get any confirmation of our name until 24 hours ahead of the actual date of arrival, so I had to call more than once (both the the hotel and with Orbitz) to make sure that they were indeed expecting our arrival the next day. Ok- so I'm not very trusting of these internet middlemen.... But, when we arrived, they were indeed expecting us, and I asked the clerk at the desk if I could upgrade a little bit since it was a special occassion for us, and when she conferred with her supervisor, they gave us a superior room at no additional cost. Plus- and this really surprised us- they sent up a bottle of champagne as their gift to us! Wow! But the thing that really, really was surprising was how absolutely wonderful the breakfast buffet was every morning! Three buffet lines of everything you could possibly imagine- hot food, cold food, pastries, cheezes, yogurts and all sorts of beverages... everything!- and if you get breakfast included with your room- you automatically get the amazing buffet! By the way- the cost of the breakfast if you walked in off the street to buy it was 17 pounds per person (roughly $68 for two people at today's exchange)! With all that food, breakfast was our main meal for the day. And with the help of the huge Sainsbury grocery store four blocks away, we would make sandwiches in our room for lunches, and most often we would fix our own light supper and eat in hotel room watching t.v. after long days of walking, looking at wonderful museums, and enjoying the beautiful city. The hotel itself was overall very quiet since it wasn't on a main thoroughfare, and yet it was only two blocks from the Glouster Road tube station. There are numerous grocery stores and restaurants, cafe's and little shops nearby for convenience. All in all, we couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel. The value of what we got- and the wonderful attitude and helpfulness of the hotel staff was five star service. We would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat- especially if you get the breakfast with the deal!	
Feb 13 2008 	Great home base for our stay	My husband and I were quite pleased with the services and facilities during our 5 night stay. Food at the breakfast buffet (included in rate) and restaurant better than expected. Most pleasant and helpful staff. Room pleasant with modern, beautiful bath. We would not hesitate to recommend. Located in the midst of all price range eateries and close to Gloucester Road tube station which is part of 3 tube lines.	
Feb 11 2008	Favorite London Hotel	The first thing that appealed to me was that the Harrington Hall was a three minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station (where three lines intersect) which was right on the Piccadilly line- a straight 40 minute shot from Heathrow. Then I was impressed with the friendliness at reception in the gorgeous contemporary lobby. The room-impeccably clean-was a good size and had all the ameneties I look for (room safe, minibar I can empty for my own things, like food from Borough Market!, and a comfortable area with a round table and two upholstered chairs.) The breakfast buffet was enormous. Full English breakfast, as well as lots of fresh fruits, smoked salmon, prosciutto, plum and apple tarts, etc. And it was open until noon on Sunday! The proximity to three underground lines made getting around a breeze. And a Tesco Express a minute walk from the hotel. This was the best hotel out of eight I've stayed at in London over the last nine years. Highly recommended.	
Jan 22 2008 	Couldn't fault it	We have just returned from 3 nights at the Harrington Hall Hotel in South Kensington and were not disappointed.The location of the hotel is great, the area is safe and quiet but with plenty of shops &amp; restaurants/bars around. The Gloucester Road underground is about 2 minutes walk away.The reception and bar/restaurant area is impressive and the room we were given was massive and very comfortable. The Natural History Museum is no more than a 10 minute walk away, which is makes for a fascinating day out.  The buffet breakfast had every option you could think of from fruit, yoghurts, cheeses, cold meats and pastries to a tasty cooked English.  I also discovered on day 3 that you get 15 free minutes on the internet per day of your stay, which is handy if you need to keep in touch or do some quick research. We didn't use the Spa/Gym facilities, so can't comment. The best thing about the stay was the staff. Every single person was polite, friendly and attentive at all times, at reception, the dining area, the bar and the maids.	
Jan 3 2008 	Wow Wow Wow!!	This hotel was everything and more!We were very lucky as they were full over the Christmas period so we were given a suite at no extra cost, thats the second time thats happened to me at 2 different hotels. It was out of this world. Couldn't fault the hotel, facilities, breakfast or location 10/10. Well worth every penny, just sad that i couldn't stay longer.Look forward to my next stay whenever that is.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good Accommodation in London.	My partner and I spent five nights at the Harrington Hall in August. This was the third time we had stayed at the hotel, the last being six years ago.Since our last visit, the Harrington Hall has been taken over by the NH group, and most of the staff seemed to be European. However, all the staff members we dealt with spoke good English, and the standard of service remains high.There is much to recommend the Harrington Hall. The location is excellent, with the Gloucester Road tube station nearby and a very good selection of shops, restaurants, banks etc within a few minutes walk. The ground floor areas of the hotel have recently been refurbished in a clean, modern style, and in the restaurant both the breakfast buffet and evening meals are excellent.Our only disappointment on this visit was that the guest bedrooms have not been updated since our first visit in 1996, and they are looking quite tired. Our room was on the top floor of the hotel, and the furniture was quite badly marked and scuffed. Our bathroom had a number of heavily cracked tiles on the floor and walls, and a glass shower screen which looked like it was about to become detached from the wall at any time.In our opinion the Harrington Hall offers a good standard of accommodation at a reasonable tariff for London, however it would be good to see the new owners refurbish the guest rooms along the lines of the renovated ground floor areas.	
Oct 16 2007 	Good value for London	We wandered around the Gloucester Road/Cromwell Road area for about an hour looking for a reasonable hotel at a reasonable price. The good hotels, for the most part, would have broken the bank - the cheap hotels would have broken your health. Then we stumbled into the Harrington.This seems to be part of a Spanish chain called &quot;nl&quot; and several of the staff are Spanish although all spoke good English; reception and concierge are most attentive. What sets this place a little above the average is the size, furnishings and decor of the rooms. It's not cheap - you'd have to be desperate to stay in a really cheap London hotel - but we thought it was extremely good value for money. It's right opposite The Imperial Hotel ,which has a car park you can use (AT A PRICE!), and it's close to Gloucester Road Tube Station, Exhibition Road and lots of places to eat and drink.	
Sep 10 2007 	Very pleased!	Stayed here with my husband for one night whilst visiting the Natural history museum and science museum which are reasonably close. Friendly reception staff, they held our luggage before check in so that we were able to visit the museum suitcase free. Nice modern reception area, bar and restaurant. Rooms are slightly more dated but still lovely. Nice modern bathroom. TV was a bit old fashioned. On first inspection the bed seemed very hard and lacking in springs, but actually turned out to be very comfortable. All in all great hotel, would stay here again. However we did get room for half price and I wouldn't pay the £200+ prices quoted in reception.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great location	Stayed here for a night in August having booked through the website Lastminute.com as a top secret hotel at the reduced rate of £65 - hotel is in a great spot just a few minutes walk from the tube and surrounded by bars and restuarant. Reception staff were really friendly and helpful - i think the reception must have been newly renovated as it was much nicer and more modern than the rest of the hotel. The hallways reminded me of a pub and were quite dated, as too were the rooms although the bathroom may have been recently renovated. By London standards the room was huge and although the decor was old fashioned it was very comfy and there was a plasma tv. Lots of free toiletries though they were a bit citrusy for my liking.All in all a very pleasant hotel but being a younger guest i'd prefer something a bit more modern.	
Aug 27 2007 	excellent hotel	August 24 2007The Harrington Hall is an excellent hotel, took our Grandson to London so booked a 3 bed room, plenty of space, good sized comfortable beds. Bedroom had an iron and ironing board which was very useful.The staff were friendly and very helpful, my grandson found the mobile phone chargers in the lobby useful as he had forgotten his. Breakfast was included in the price I got and it was excellent with the usual choice of continental and full english, everything was very tasty and freshly cooked which I think was the key thing too often Hotels offer a full breakfast but it has been sitting there for an hour by the time you get to eat it. The hotel is a 5 minute walk away from the tube station and is well postioned for eating out if you dont want to travel too far with a mixture of steak houses, restaurants and burger kings in easy walking distance. Only down side was the prices in the hotel, mini bar was expensive as were drinks at the bar but no more than you would find in any london hotel.	
Aug 20 2007 	Very Pleasant Hotel	Only stayed for one night but room was large and comfortable. Bathroom modern and clean, personally not keen on the toiletries (citrus) but a minor detail. Reception staff very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was above average. South Kensington was a very pleasant area to stay and hotel was only 3 minutes from tube station. If staying in this area again would probably choose this hotel.	
Aug 1 2007	Nice hotel	We stayed here as part of our tour group. It was noted at the desk that the prices were around 215 pounds for a regular room, this equates to about $430 American dollars. Way more than I would actually pay for a hotel room on my own!Check in was stressful here but maybe because we were so beat from the flight over and maybe because we were part of a tour group...They would not give us our room one moment before the &quot;appointed check in time&quot; and in fact, we still waited half an hour after that to get in to the room. This happens everywhere but it was particularly irksome because we were so exhausted and they could see us sleeping in the lobby. All the while I could see other folks getting their rooms. One would think they would want to get us out of the lobby given our condition. But I guess not.After that it was fine. The hotel was nice and clean. Decor was traditional and tasteful. Of course the rooms were small which are typical of European hotels so no complaints there. This hotel had air conditioning, although with the rain we really didn't need it. The beds were comfortable and we slept well. It seemed quiet in the hotel and on the street at night.There is a small exercise area but no pool. The gym dressing area was very nice. Small, but nice.Location was ok, kind of in the Kensington area. It's near an underground entrance so getting around is easy. Breakfast was included in our package. It was a buffet and was really well stocked. If you couldn't find something to eat at this breakfast, then you deserved to go hungry! Everything was fresh and tasty also, which isn't always the case with buffets. We had dinner at the restaurant the first night as a group. The food was good. We didn't eat here again since we were out touring. The bar is just that, a bar where you get your drink and then sit in the lobby. The lobby is nice though. They provided great bathroom ammenities here. They were really nice smelling, kind of a citrus smell. You could purchase big bottles from the front desk. They also had toothbrushes and razors provided if you needed them. Small stuff, but a nice touch.Overall I would stay here again if prices became affordable. It was a nice place.	
Jul 26 2007 	Perfect Hotel; simply wonderful excellent location great staff	I just LOVED every moment in this hotel. Don't look for another hotel, go there!!!! The reception area was bright and friendly, we could check in without any problem at all, it was quick and very well organised. Even though our room wasn't ready yet (as we arrived at 10 am), we could store our luggage in a secured room right next to the reception desk. We then only got back at 9 pm, and were given our room immediately. The room itself was very cosy, perhaps the bed was a bit small if you're not used to English hotel beds (1.40 metres broad, but that really didn't matter, because everything else was great: We had TV, minibar, a lovely, clean and bright bathroom, we even had an ironing board and an ironing &quot;machine&quot; along with it. The breakfast was simply one of the best buffets I've ever seen in a hotel. Lovely full English Breakfast, but also just the usual buns, croissants, muffins, fruit, cheese, ham, even salmon, flakes, joghurt, simply perfect. The coffee was great, so was the tea. Service was extremely fast and attentive; I managed to spill some coffee on the table, and there was no fuss at all. The location of the hotel is really excellent: it's about 2-5 minutes walk from Gloucester Road station, which is on Piccadilly, Circle, and I believe Central Line of the tube. That was great, because you can just sit on the tube and get anywhere you like. At the reception there always was someone who was responsible for information on London, like the best means of transport, how the Underground works etc. etc. etc. . There obviously also are some exchange staff workers from other countries, at least I could hear some fluent Italian, so foreign languages shouldn't be a problem. I really can't find one negative thing about the Harrington Hall hotel. At the reception there always was someone who was responsible for information on London, like the best means of transport, how the Underground works etc. etc. etc. It was really a perfect stay, I want to go back right away. Obviously even &quot;Swiss Airlines&quot; thought the same, cause they seem to use the hotel as a stopover hotel for their personnel.Check out was very fast indeed, we basically just handed in our room cards, and that was it. We were able to store the luggage again from 10 am to 5 pm, which was perfect, as we then had another full day of exploring London. So: Don't go searching for any other hotel, this one's got everything you need for London.	
Jul 25 2007 	classy hotel	classy hotel, beautiful and big room,lovely decoration, generous breakfast. good area for eating	
Jul 17 2007 	breakfast feast at the Harrington Halll	This hotel was in the process of being refurbished when we stayed at the end of May but we would never have known it had there not been signs up apologising!Rooms were compact and tradtionally furnished but bathrooms were modern. The breafast buffet was tremendous. This hotel is really well located for the underground. Good pubs around and a Tesco Metro.	
Jul 13 2007 	Good Hotel - No Complaints	I did a lot of research on London hotels for my first trip there and decided on Harrington Hall. Friends recommended staying in this area, and HH seemed to get generally favorable reviews and the price was good for London. I thought the room was a good size, with a nice sitting area. The room and bathroom felt clean and in overall good shape. The large lobby with bar was enjoyable to us - we were 2 couples traveling together, so it was convenient to meet there at the start and end of the day to plan. The bartender was very nice. Drinks weren't cheap - we paid for convenience. We did not pay for their breakfast but opted for the coffee shop across the street. I would stay at HH again. The hotel was nice, location was convenient to the metro with a 24 hr Tesco mini mart across the street. We felt very safe. We were fairly self-sufficient, so I can't really comment on the helpfulness of the staff. No problems except we had some key/lock issues ,mainly because we didn't understand how the locks worked. It did seem that the night clerks were not as competent as the day clerks when we had this issue.	
Jul 5 2007 	Being refurbished...be patient	My daughter and I stayed here in mid-June 2007 and enjoyed our stay. It seems to attract business travellers and airline personnel, which to me indicates reasonably priced, good accommodations. The property is well-located and minutes from the Gloucester Road tube station. The breakfast (included in our price) was very comprehensive, catering to all dietary requirements, and even had great coffee, by American standards! This hotel has apparently been bought out somewhat recently by a chain (thus the NH designation in front of its name? which I'm not familiar with). There were extensive renovations going on while we were there, particularly to the main lobby, which could appear a bit uninviting to access the adjacent dining area/bar, but we didn't spend very much time there except for the breakfasts (the dinner menu seemed overpriced and not very populated.) There are some things to note: while the room fixtures themselves (i.e. lighting, television, bathrooms) have been upgraded, they haven't gotten around yet to the hallways/common areas. They are still a bit outdated, decorwise in relation to the rest of the property and smell of ancient cigarette odor (not strong, but still not for the sensitive). You definitely get the feel that it is in the restoration stage and once the upgrading/refurbishing process is completed, it could be a quite fine property..Our room was fairly large (by European standards) and fit the two of us comfortably. Would we stay here again? Definitely, if the price were right.	
Jun 18 2007 	Much better option available nearby...stay at NH Kensington instead.	This hotel is very old when it comes to the rooms. While the size of them wasn't a surprise, the old TV, bathroom, beds, carpeting, etc. were. I've stayed at numerous NH hotels, and this was the worst. Also, during my stay, the Fire Alarm went off 3 times one night, and then we didn't have hot water for 2 other nights. The hotel staff was promising a &quot;fix&quot;, but it never came. Finally, on the 2nd night, they slid a letter under the door offering a free transfer to another one of the NH hotels nearby. However, they slid the letter at midnight and there was no knock on the door to alert. The hotel rooms have very long hallways, so you don't actually see the door until you have to get to it. Needless to say, this &quot;offer&quot; that was presented under the cover of darkness upset me a great deal. In addition to not being very consumer-friendly, all the hotel offered for 2 nights of no hot water and one night of alarms was a 30% discount.Long story short, the NH Harrington also recommended that we finish our stay at the NH Kensington (a sister hotel about a 2 minute drive away ...and only one tube station). The NH Kensington is MUCH more modern, with great/modern ammenities (flat panel TV, alarm clock, great furniture, great bathroom, wonderful bar, etc.). From what I was able to find on the internet afterwards, both hotels are at the same rate. So, stay at the NH Kensington and you won't be disappointed.	
May 29 2007 	very nice	Recently stayed here with my friend. We had two twin beds and there was even a small sitting area by the TV. Plenty of room for the two of us. I would difinately stay here again. Their buffet breakfast each day had plenty of choices and was very tasty. There is a cheap internet place just across the street. Close by are many resturants, a laundrymat and a tube station. The staff was friendly and very helpful when needed.	
May 13 2007 	comfy but costly food/drink	Me and the missus thought this place was quite cosy. The bed was king size but so were the prices of the food and drink! £17 per person per day for breakfast and she only had cereals and yoghurt. But then again you can have as much as you like so I went for plenty of egg bacon mushrooms and lashings of tea and toast. And you could always use one of the nearby eateries for grub instead if you wanted to but that kind of defeats the object of staying in a hotel in my humble. The bar area is really comfy after a day of credit card abuse and again prices are a bit steep but we've all got to make a living. Our room was nice and quiet and good hot shower and clean bathroom too. With Gloucester Road tube 2 mins away we would gladly stay there again if necessary.	
Apr 26 2007 	Decent stay but nothing special at the prices they charge	Stayed four nights. Reservation was for four nights, but hotel had five nights in their system. Whether it was my company office or their fault, they were extremely rude about removing the extra night charge. They would not do it.Rooms are old fashioned but spacious (for London). Plenty of storage, nice modern bath, firm bed. Internet charge was $24 a day, worked well though. Fitness room is gloomy and tiny.Convenient location, breakfast included in room rate (however if breakfast isn't used it is still included in the rate!).The staff at the front desk was extremely rude. Regardless of the question asked, they acted annoyed and rude! That was reason enough for me to not stay here again.	
Apr 18 2007 	After ten stays good value for money	For the last 4/5 years I am staying at Harrington Hall mainly for business purposes. Since I am paying corporate rate of 98 GBP per night excluding breakfast I would say it is pretty good value for money. Hotel is situated near Gloucester tube station, very nice south Kensington area, quite with nice restaurants and close proximity to some of the London attractions (Albert &amp; Victoria museum, Natural history museum). After NH took over hotel I noticed that there is no more bell boy at the main entrance so you have to open main entance door by yourself. No major improvement was implemented apart form colorful bath products. To me it seems that a little refurbishing is needed. Curtains especially are worn out, remote control usually has a function problem and maybe just a little bit of more modern touch. Fitness room is very small but convenient if you want to use it.Breakfast is very good, nice choice of everything and worth additional 15 GBP. Staff is more or less Spanish now. In total if you can get good price then it is worthy to stay here.	
Apr 9 2007 	Horrible avoid it at all cost	I stayed at the NH Kensigton for five nights. There were two highlights on my stay - the first was seeing it from the outside as I arrived from the airport. The second was leaving it again to the airport. Everything in between was horrible, really unbelievable. It was one of my worst hotel stays ever - and I travel on business almost every other week.The first impression of the room was strange to say the least. A 17-inch TV on a stand 6 inches from the floor. There was no alarm clock or radio. The mattress was too soft and old and the pillows felt like empty pillow cases.As I got myself ready to sleep the first night I noticed there were no power outlets near the bed. I called the reception and asked for an extension cord. On the phone I felt I was interrogated by the Scotland Yard on my needs for power by the bedside. Then I was told it needed a 10 pound cash deposit and I had to go to the reception to make the payment - it could not be charged to the room. I went to the reception with a 50 pound bill and the person at the reception put it against the light as I was giving him a counterfeit.When I made the reservation I requested a refrigerator to store medication. There was none. When I called the reception to ask about it, I was told there was a fridge in the room. It was actually an automated bar full of drinks and no room for anything else. On top of that the fridge/bar was room temperature. The only place to store prescription medication was in the hotel kitchen refrigerator. I had no choice, and I'm not even sure it is legal.Almost everyone in the reception was rude and arrogant - I can only guess the staff thought I was paying to serve them, instead of the other way around.We were three in our room as I had my wife and teenage son. We made the reservation to include breakfast. To our surprise, even though the room was reserved for three people, the breakfast was for two only - funny math...I asked for help with the bus service as there were many underground closures on the weekend. I was given a two-years old bus route map (dated 2005) with missing bus lines.On my last night the hotel smoke and fire alarm malfunction and the alarm sounded multiple times. While many guest congregated around the reception in the middle of the night the staff told everyone that the hotel would take care of it. Shortly after everyone left I overheard the hotel manager telling the staff not to give anything to any guests as the hotel was not responsible. The next morning there were signs posted on the elevators excusing the hotel of any culpability on the malfunction of their smoke and fire alarms.As I was checking out multiple guests were complaining about the lack of hot water - the staff was telling everyone boiler wasn't working.	
Mar 22 2007	Excellent Hotel Fantastic Staff	I have just returned from a weekend stay in this hotel and would definately go back. The staff were lovely at all times, always polite and extremely helpful. The rooms were a good size and the beds very comfortable and bathroom was was great with a powerful shower. Location was great as its only round the corner from Glouster Road Tube and about 15 minute walk to Kensington High Street. The only thing I would say is beware of the bar prices as they are high, but you get this in most hotels.	
Feb 27 2007 	Not going back anytime soon	I recently stayed for three nights with my two girlfriends at Harrington Hall. This is one of those reviews that if the hotel had helped take care of some problems the review would be alot better. Basically, the hotel is perfectly fine. The rooms and bathrooms are clean and comfortable enough. However, the following occurances are what ruined my view of the hotel. First, we called housekeeping to order an additional bath towel that was never delivered despite two calls. Second, our bath tub wouldn't drain when we took a shower. There were three of us and, as you know, that is gross enough when it is just one. It was no big deal at first though, I just called down and spoke to the front desk the first night and told them about the problem and asked if they would plan to fix it the following day. That next morning before we left for the day I stopped by the front desk to remind them about the tub. That night we get back and the tub has still not been fixed. Called again- a little more irritated but still not a huge deal- spoke to a manager who told me it would be fixed the next day (our last day). Last day rolls around and the shower has still not been fixed. Despite three calls and a face to face request we could not get one person to come put some draino in the drain. Lastly, my friends and I got to witness a heated exchange between the housekeeping lady and her manager when we were leaving one morning which I thought was incredibly unprofessional.However, the best part of this hotel is that the location is absolutely perfect if you are looking to stay in the South Kensington area. It is about a 3 minute walk to the Gloucester Road tube station, making you close to anything really since it is right on the Circle Line. The rates are great for London and for this area, but this is a definite &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; unlike so many other hotels you can find through Trip Advisor. My suggestion is shop around a little more.If you choose to stay here I would just not expect a whole lot.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great Rooms expensive extras	Stayed here with the wife on a business trip. Excellent large rooms and nicely decorated. Bathroom was excellent only for some reason they don't give you soap only shower gel (European thing). Breakfast was expensive in the Hotel. There is a nice Italian cafe 100 yds down the road that does full english for 5 pounds. Recommend this hotel for couples and business travellers. Paid 99 pounds then but website was advertising 75 at the time	
Feb 2 2007 	Fantastic	I had to write a review for this hotel because of how happy I was w/ our stay. My 16 year old daughter and I were staying in London for a week. Prices for hotels were expensive and I was concerned what we were going to find at this hotel. We booked this hotel w/ a British Airways package. We read the reviews in Oct. about this hotel and they were mixed. However, we found the hotel to be great. The staff could not have been more helpful. The room was w/ two twin beds - comfortable and clean. The breakfast every morning was good. The location was ideal and safe. Just a two block walk and you were at the Tube. We walked to Kennsington Palace. Truly a great place.	
Jan 7 2007 	Wonderful hotel	My teenage daughter and I stayed here for three nights just before Christmas. We upgraded to a superior room at the front of the hotel for 10 pounds extra per night. The room was extremely spacious, even by North American standards, and graciously decorated. The bathroom was well appointed and the shower had excellent water pressure. The staff, concierge particularly, were courteous and helpful and houskeeping was top notch. Breakkfast was very good, with many healthy choices. Room service was also good - terrific salad nicoise was a good late night snack for the two of us!The tube is about 3 minutes walk and the area is well lit at night. Women travelling alone need not worry. There are several restaurants within 3-5 minutes walk and a Waitrose at the tube station that has a good deli and wine selection for a quick snack back at the hotel. There is an internet cafe a block away which we used instead of paying the high daily rate at the hotel (17 pounds per day).We will definitely return.	
Oct 22 2006 	Lovely stay	We loved this hotel and definitely will use it again. Excellent rooms, very helpful staff (we had a problem with a couple staying very close to us who were arguing all night long and the hotel staff intervened to quieten them down).Food was great, the general atmosphere very aristocratic, I'd say this is more of a 4* hotel, not a 3 star as I've seen in other ratings.	
Sep 7 2006	Good value for money	Stayed for one night in Superior Room. Arrived late and left early without breakfast. I can therefore only comment on the room, which was spacious, bright, clean and quiet. Spacious bath with tub. Knowledgeable staff who were eager to please. Check-in and check-out took just one minute. Would have given five points if it wasn't for the outrageous phone bill: 5 pounds for a six minute local phone call.	
Aug 29 2006 	OK - Could do better	We booked this hotel after reading the very positive Tripadviser reviews. We booked through Superbreak; that gave us a better price than the hotel website and critically included breakfast in the price.We agree with quite a lot of what has been written. The hotel is very well placed and convenient and the public areas are very well appointed. The rooms are larger than most London hotels, they were clean and our bathroom was OK. The breakfast was good.There's a &quot;but&quot; coming however. Our strong impression was that they could do better. For example, there was an abiding whiff of tobacco smoke, including in our no smoking room, despite a profusion of no smoking signs. We were allocated a double room when we had booked a twin. Our window cill was covered by waps (albeit dead ones). The restaurant was understaffed at breakfast. The fire alarm went off (briefly) at 4am, the mattress was very firm but the pillows were very thin. I could go on.These issues wouldn't definitely stop us staying there again but we'd probably look elsewhere - possibly the Reubens in Buckingham Palace Rd where we have previously had a very good experience.	
Aug 21 2006 	enjoyed the hotel	My wife and I stayed here in early August and were given a smoking room after requesting a non smoking room. They made it right after we requested another. Room size was good by English standards. A big reason we selected the room was for the King size bed. It's not a Califormia King, so my feet hung off the end (6' 4&quot;), but it really didn't bother me. I do look forward to the new law that is supposed to take effect in January 2007, I think, that will not allow smoking inside the hotels. The lounge/lobby is a nice size, but it only takes one smoker llighting up to change an otherwise enjoyable experience of having the complimentary coffee/pastry/newspaper in the early morning. The concierge service was good and Nik also helped us well. Nice breakfast room and a very nice buffet breakfast. We would definitely stay there again. I researched the hotels in London a lot before selecting the Harrington Hall. It appears to be the best size and quality for the money. Oh, for those of you like me who are concerned about noisy doors closing, hearing your neighbors through the walls,and the stomp of footsteps from the floor above, there was no concern for any of that in either of the rooms we had on this trip.	
Aug 8 2006 	Average Hotel - Nothing Special	We stayed in this hotel at the end of July and thought it was average at best. I wouldn't class it as 4 star. Positives were that the room was big, location was fantastic, safe in room, secure and errr....Negatives were that tv in the room was tiny, not enough towels (only three v thin ones between the two of us) - surely 4 is the minimum? There was no hotel or london info in the room which was disappointing and the bar area is tiny (especially when you're a smoker!!). In addition we were on the 6th floor and the windows are partly blocked by the roof so room was pretty dark.Also we booked a taxi for an early morning and the firm the hotel booked for us charged £18 for a 15 min journey which seemed a bit steep to me!Overall - i think the hotel was ok and reasonably priced for its location but it was nothing special	
Jul 11 2006	Great Choice	Selected the hotel based on reviews on this site and we were not disappointed. For our first trip to London, it proved a great expereince with a well above average room size (considering the warnings we had about small hotel rooms). Centrally located for the tube, helpful staff wqe would recommend highly.	
Jul 10 2006	Very Good Choice	Stayed at Harrington Hall for a week. Lovely place in a very nice neighborhood. Just a 3 minute walk to the tube station. Staff was very polite and responsive. Especially the concierge, Nik. He got us GREAT seats to Mary Poppins with 24 hours notice. (You MUST see this show!) We would stay at Harrington Hall again.	
Jul 3 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Harrignton Hall as part of a concert package. Picked this hotel out of several options as it wasn't a chain owned one and made the right choice. Great location, just a minute or so walk from nearest tube station. Room was large, clean and comfortable. Staff were courteous and polite. Would stay here again.	
May 19 2006	Great hotel!	This is the best hotel I´ve ever stayed at. It is located near a metro station. The clerks are very friendly, they speak many languages.The rooms were absolutely great, big and convenient with a TV and a desk and chairs and a huge bed. Also the bathroom was nice and clean. Breakfast was good too, they also offer room service and dinner opportunity.	
May 15 2006	Great location-average hotel	I thought this hotel was just average. The bathroom was very nice, large with the usual amenities. The room was a reasonable size with good closet space for 2 people. The room could have used an update in the decorating. The public rooms were very nice. The breakfast was good and came with the room. The staff was so so. The concierge was helpful. The rest of the desk staff tried to be helpful, but didn't know very much about the area.The location was great. Just 2 blocks from the Tube station. There are several cute and afforable restaurants within walking distance.	
Apr 19 2006	Harrington was excellent	Lovely hotel with spacious and well appointed rooms in a great location.Good service. Close to the Gloucester Road Tube stop, restaurants and Museums. Would heartily recommend this well price hotel. Exceeded our expectations.	
Apr 10 2006	TOP LONDON HOTEL VERY CLASSY made valentines weekend very special	this is one of the nicest hotels that i have ever stayed in, in london.i went here with my girlfriend for valentines weekend 2006. we stayed for one night over the weekend and the whole experience of this hotel was magical.if you like a touch of class and you are into the nice things in life then this is the place for you.the hotel foyer says it all, with the sheer style, and the friendly staff.the rooms are very clean and decorated classy, our room had an en-suite bathroom with one of the most powerful showers i have ever experienced. hehehe :-)rooms have satalite tv, coffee and tea, iron, mini bar, free in room safe.breakfast is also excellent and was the highlight of our stay, there is so much on offer, the coffee is superb, i have stayed in so many hotels where the coffee is diabolical, not here chaps, A1.the location of this hotel is also A1 it will take you 5 mins if you walk as slow as you can to get to the nearest tube station which is gloucester road.there is also some lovely restaurants 1 min walk from the hotel.i will end this review by saying that if you stay anywhere in London then make this hotel top of the list.cheers and i hope you enjoy your stay in London as much as i did.Paddy :-)	
Apr 4 2006	Great hotel and great location	I stayed seven nights at the Harrington and it was my first stay. For anyone wanting to simply relax without the need to always be on the move the hotel and location has all that you need to keep happy. I was a single and the room could not bee better. The breakfast offers a wide selection on morning foods in a very relaxing dinning room. I would send any of the friends there without a worry.	
Mar 20 2006	Excellent Hotel	The room was very large, fabulous location. Only 2 blocks to the tube. Also easy to get to Heathrow, only 40 minutes by tube eliminating an expensive taxi ride. Staff was very accomodating. Would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 10 2006	Great Stay	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at Harrington Hall. We where very impressed upon arrival. Very nice lobby and reception area. Reception very polite and helpful. We arrived at about 10:30 AM and they let us go ahead and check in. No problem. Judging by UK standards, the room was spacious. Very nicely furnished and clean. The bathroom was all tile and we had plenty of hot water. We did have to ask for two towels for each of us. They also gave us an electric fan because we thought the room was hot. Also the window opened and that helped. I have nothing bad to say. The location was perfect. Everything you need including tube,just around the corner. Breakfast was included in our room price and is served buffett style. Anything you want is there. Full English, fruit, yogurt, juices, all kinds of pastries, cereal, everything. Very nice restaurant. The fees for internet access are very high but there is an internet cafe right down the street. Very nice stay.	
Feb 22 2006	Excellent Hotel	This really is a great find. The location is excellent. Just one block away from the Gloucester underground station. In my case I was quicker from the airport using the tube, than H-Express + a cab from Paddington as the taxi line at Pad is a pain. This hotel is part of the NH chain, which I've got nothing but good things to say about. The entrance gives you sense of what to expect. Overall the quality is very much in line with the star rating for this hotel. The only service I missed was not having Internet connection in my room (this is just a matter of time I'm sure). The rooms are nice. I loved the beds (firm and good). Bathroom was great and the stuff NH includes is among the best I've found. Breakfast is a bit expensive, particularly when compared to the offers at the local resturants/cafes. However, it is good and sometimes included in your rate. I stayed here for 3 nights and I will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 12 2006	Good value and excellent location!	Stayed at NH Harrington Hall Hotel for one night (11th Feb) to visit the theatre. Got a good deal including breakfast through an on-line discount site. The hotel is only 2-3 mins walk from Gloucester Rd tube station (which provides good access to many London attractions via the Piccadilly, District &amp; Circle lines). The V &amp; A, Natural History &amp; Science museums, as well as Harrods, are all within walking distance.First impressions on approaching and entering the hotel were good - nice facade, very spacious and elegant lobby. We were checked in quickly and our request for a quiet room away from the front was met with no problems. Staff were polite, pleasant and efficient. Very pleasantly surprised by the size of the L-shaped room which had twin beds, two comfortable, high back armchairs and plenty of wardrobe space. We also had an iron/ironing board and a safe. The decor was traditional with framed prints and flowery fabrics, but all of good quality and very well maintained. Both the bedroom and bathroom were immaculately clean. Beds were very comfortable and gave us a good night's sleep. Breakfast the following morning provided one of the best hot and cold buffet selections I've seen. All in all, I will not hesitate to stay here again anytime I visit London if I can get a similar rate. I will definitely be recommending the hotel to others.	
Feb 6 2006	Nice rooms for longer stays	My husband and I stayed at Harrington Hall last December 2005. It was less than one minute walk to the Glouscter tube, which has easy and conveinent links to all London.The rooms were nice. We booked a twin and were quite pleased with the space. I would recommend. We were on the fourth floor and our room opened to a courtyard with a plesant view. The bathrooms were very nice. Everything quite clean. Good mattresses.Fantastic full breakfast buffet. We booked though go-today travel and got a fantastic deal for off season. I don't know that I would pay a premium price for this hotel. But, it is safe and nice and conveninet so if those issues are important, I say book it. Oh, there is a fantastic little deli as you walk to Glouster tube on the left side of the street. Good food and great prices. Sue from Oklahoma City	
Feb 6 2006	Harrington Hotel - Great Hotel for our family holiday	Our family stayed at the Harrington Hall for 10 nights from the 30th Dec 2005. After many hours of scouring the internet for a reasonably priced and fairly central hotel, we were absolutely delighted by our stay at Harrington Hall.On our arrival in London we were greeted by quite a downpour, and having decided to catch the tube from Heathrow, we were not looking forward to a block and a half walk from the station, but we were delighted to find it was very close, and we were inside the hotel within minutes of leaving Gloucester Road station.The hotel was much more than expected. Granted, we were really lucky to get a great rate on a discount hotel website after booking directly with the hotel earlier at a much higher rate, (and cancelling the first booking) we paid only 74 pounds per room including full breakfast. We were more than happy with the breakfast, and to say that the hotel didn't cater for vegetarians as some other reviews have said, I think is more than unfair. There was an ample selection of cereals, hot and cold selections to amply satisfy any vegetarian.The rooms were very English and quite a good size for a London Hotel. There is a reasonable gym which we took advantage of every day before breakfast, and a fantastic concierge who was able to point us in the direction of good tours of london.The hotel is only around the corner from a range of restaurants and within 5-7 minutes walk of South Kensington which also has a range of great restaurants.Gloucester tube is only 5 minutes from Oxford Circus or Regent Street and perhaps 10 minutes from Big Ben, Westminster Abbey etc.We would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to anyone planning to travel to London, nor would we have any hesitation in staying at the Harrington Hall again. Given the prices of some London Hotels, we considered ourselves to be very lucky to have stayed at the Harrington hall.	
Jan 26 2006	Great 8 day stay	Returned yesterday after 8 night stay. We arrived at 8am and were given the room on arrival. We also had the twin bedded room and were pleased with the size and facilities, ample closet space for 2 and storage for suit cases, toiletries replaced daily and room cleaning never once disturbed us in the morning with the Do Not Disturb sign hung on the door. Staff were very pleasant and helpful, a telephone malfunction was rectified immediately. This is our third stay in this area because location wise it has everything and we will return to this hotel in the future.	
Jan 5 2006	Great Hotel	Had a fantastic stay for six days over New Years. Room was larger than what we expected. We required a room with two twin beds (traveling with my daughter). Our room had a desk, two sitting chairs, side table, dresser, TV, large closet, etc. The bathroom was standard size with shower/tub. Everything was very clean.The hotel staff (especially the concierge) was extremely helpful.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, but it looked very nice with a good menu. There are a variety of places to get something to eat just up the street...breakfast, lunch, and fine dining. Extremely convenient location. Gloucester Rd Underground station is one block away on the Circle, District, and Piccadilly lines.	
Dec 31 2005	Once again a great hotel!	Harrington Hall was bought out by the NH group since the last time we stayed here. I was a little worried, since I liked the hotel so much before. To our delight, the hotel was still the same great place. The staff (largely Spanish, it appeared) was cordial and more than helpful, especially Javier. They bent over backwards to accomodate us, even though we had reserved at incredibly low rates. The room was clean, with the exception of the rubber bath mat. We kept putting it out (unfolded) on the floor for the housekeeper to clean. It was refolded every day, but the mildew was still there. We should have asked for a new one, but we preferred not to bother. The toiletries were replaced daily, and the housekeeping was good. The bedspreads were brand new and tidy looking. The lobby was as nice as ever, with complimentary newspapers (in a variety of languages) every morning. The location cannot be beat. The area has lots of restaurants, a couple of small grocery stores, coffee shops, fish-n-chips, etc. We also found that when staying here do NOT bother with the Heathrow Express! It is much faster to take the Picadilly line from Heathrow (under 4 GBP) directly to the Gloucester Road station (30 min). The express takes you into Paddington in a meer 15 minutes, but then you have to switch back to the Picadilly line anyway, or take a taxi, which takes forever in the congested traffic. It cut a lot of time and saved us over 20 GBP each to take the tube only. There were 19 stairs total, so the luggage was not a problem. Apart from those stairs, everything else was escalator or elevator. Let me say again, we really enjoy this hotel. This was our fourth stay and we will stay here again.	
Dec 21 2005	Pleasant Stay	We recently returned from a week-long trip to London where we stayed at Harrington Hall. We were very pleased with the hotel, especially given the price (GBP112 - a steal compared with other hotels in the area). The room was large by British standards (pretty much the size of an average North American room) and, while the decor did leave a little something to be desired, we weren't in London to hang out in our hotel room. Bathroom was large &amp; shampoo/shower gel was always replenished (note for the ladies: there is no conditioner, so come prepared, and the hair dryer requires either short hair or a lot of patience!). Service was fine from what we saw, although we were pretty much only at the hotel to sleep or change clothes. We are early risers, so I can't comment on housekeeping staff arrival times. There is an excellent bakery just down the street (Paul's - sinful pastries!), so no need to bother with the hotel breakfast. My only beef was that people are allowed to smoke in the lobby (but that's a result of being Canadian, where you can't smoke anywhere indoors).All in all, it was a good hotel in a fabulous location.	
Dec 1 2005	This hotel made me cry on my 25th birthday!	Firstly let me start by telling you that we're not experienced travelers, we're from Richmond, just 20 minutes away from this hotel and tend to stay in self catering accommodation but fancied a change since it was a special occasion, so I have little to compare this hotel to, saying that we were suitably impressed on arrival.We were very excited to arrive at such a lovely plush looking hotel. Greeted by the doorman we felt very posh stepping into the lovely reception area. Very elegant and grand. But our happiness was to be short lived. On checking in we were told there was no record of our booking and that the hotel was fully booked, I started to panic. I was told that without a print out containing our booking reference number it was unlikely that we could be accommodated. Unfortunately we had (I thought) left home without the confirmation. I frantically rang home to try to get someone to quote the reference number, nobody was in. I then asked if the hotel had internet access so we could confirm our booking via hotmail but they wanted to charge us £7 for the privilege. I was not going to pay since it was their mistake. We went outside in distress. I shed a few tears in frustration and decided to rip open my suit case in the hopes that I or my partner had packed the confirmation by chance. At the very bottom of the case there it was!!! What a relief!!! After presenting this confirmation we were left sitting in the foyer for about 15 minutes feeling very hot and bothered while the receptionist went to 'see the accounts' after much bustling and whispering we were told we could have a room, and that it was the fault of the operators we had booked through, as they had not informed the hotel of our booking, we were then told that it happens often!!! Surely if this was the case why have they not got it sorted! You should not be expected to go through such an ordeal on arrival. The lady on reception was very short with us, and very unwelcoming, not very hospitable at all.To cut a long story short, yes, the hotel is lovely as far as hotels go. I didn't find it very comfortable, the brown blankets on the beds were just hideous! I'm sorry but WHO sleeps under those! I was distraught to find those under the horrid nylon bed spread. When you are spending over £100+ a night you want comfort! Not some brown synthetic blankets from pre 1950's. I was told by hotel staff that this was thought to be English, and duvets were continual and not fitting for the hotel, well, let me tell you, we've not had blankets in our house-hold for over 30 years!!! So please don't think for one moment that this is acceptable or an English custom! I felt as if I had gone back in time! The blankets left me cold, I couldn't get snuggly, they left my shoulders exposed, and they kept slipping off the bed! That's my one major gripe and the one reason why I wouldn't return to 'Harrington Hall', not until they have replace the blankets with something more acceptable.PRO'sVery cleanGreat location, walking distance from lovely cafe's, museums, galleries, Harrods, etc. Huge bathroom with roomy bathNice selection of toiletriesImpressive entrance and decorLovely lobbyNice atmosphereVery Grand and elegantCON'sHorrid brown blankets, no duvets, tiny weeny pillowsDull decor in roomsAwkward automated mini bar, read small print before exploring what's on offer! £3.00 for a small Evian!!!! Get it 2 minutes away at Tescos for 49p!Tiniest bar of soap you've ever seen!Over priced English breakfast, no Vegetarian option! Do not cater for special dietary needs.Continual breakfast overpriced, catered to over-charge tourists, get your partner to pop down to the local cafe, 2 minutes away while you're in the shower for fresh coffee and croissants at a fraction of the price.Did not like the X-rated movie menu with pictures on display in the room, very crude, should be something you request.Appliances outdated and falling apart. Bad choice of complementary magazine (Men's Health???) No, I don't fancy reading about the 'latest tips to make her scream' or feasting over soft porn, Vogue or Elle would have been nice. Something less offensive.House keeping walk in without giving you time to answer to their knock, could've been embarrassing. We were frog marched out one morning because house keeping wanted to clean there and then, despite us just getting up, no time for lie in's. very rude!	
Dec 1 2005	Great Stay	I stayed with a friend on a Thursday and Friday night. Service was seamless, nice toiletries, excellent bathroom with good water pressure. We had a superior double room, which is slightly larger than a regular double. If you aren't used to London hotels, the rooms are uniformly small. However, our room had a separate sitting area and was comfortable. We would gladly stay there again.	
Nov 22 2005	Great hotel at a great location	Harrington Hall is a great hotel in South Kensington. The rooms are big (by London standard) and very fresh, equipped with a big king-sized bed. The hotel is located 2 minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station and a number of museums are within 15-20 minutes walk. We had a room facing the street but there was no noticeable noise. The air conditioning worked fine (not always the case in London!).I would definitely stay here again but make sure you shop around for discounted prices (we got a double room for £86, which I think was good value).	
Nov 16 2005	All Good	We have just returned from a night at the Harrington Hall. The hotel is just a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road Tube station and 15 mins from Harrods , Hamleys etc. Check in was smooth and our room was ready for us with no wait. The room was clean and tidy with views over London, It was well equipped with iron, ironing board, mini safe, toilettries etc. Take your own hairdryer as the one in the bathroom isn't really powerful. The staff were incredibly helpful for us and made our stay enjoyable. The concierge went out of his way to get us a taxi on a busy evening, breakfast was plentiful and delicious. We would happily stay here again. If you need a bite to eat there are plenty of cafe / restaurants by gloucester road and a 24 hr tesco express.	
Oct 27 2005	Loved the Harrington Hall	My wife and I, just arrived from London and stayed for 5 nights at the Harrington Hall. I selected this particular hotel after having read the great reviews and I must say, that I wasn't dissapointed at all.The location is just fantastic, in beautiful South Kensinton. The tube station is only 2 blocks away, which makes it very handy to go downtown London. Great restaurants and cafes all around the hotel. I didn't take the brakefast at the hotel since I though that it was way over priced for what you were getting. However, just down the next corner street, there is a great cafe that serves terrific coffee and pastries for a small price.The room was very clean, though small by Canadian standard but the bathroom was large and probably brand new.The staff at the hotel were also extremely helpful amd courtious.All in all, I would certainly be staying there with my wife next time we return to London.	
Oct 25 2005	Nice location but already needs a refurbishment	Stayed here 3 times, once in 1996. Enjoyed it a lot then. Then in 1999, not as good anymore and now in 2005, even worse. Location is still very good, but hotel is not up to scratch anymore. Rooms look tired and staff is getting worse. Not a bad hotel, but also nothing special. Maybe worth it if you don't have to pay rack-rates. Parking is in the hotel opposite. Expensive!Rooms at the street side can be noisy.	
Oct 22 2005	Poor Customer Service	I carefully chose the Harrington Hall Hotel in South Kensington, London for a 3-day stay at the end of a 2 week visit to the UK. I booked the room 2 months in advance. The lobby was very crowded upon our arrival and we patiently waited to check in. After a few minutes a hotel employee at the desk said that they were overbooked and there was no room available for us. When I asked him to explain, he was very short and rude. No apology, no smile. He said that he had arranged for a room at the Millenium Gloucester across the street and sent a young man with us to check in. Upon our arrival, the Gloucester said that no arrangements had been made for us. However, one of their employees escorted us down the block to the Millenium Bailey, a sister hotel, where we were welcome. It was perfectly understandable that the Harrington was overbooked, but their customer service was deplorable. On the bright side, the Bailey was an excellent value - big, comfortable room, great service, nice bar and dining rooms and an excellent location. I would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Oct 3 2005	Harrington Hall - a very good choice to stay at in London	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night at the end of September and found the room well equipped, with a very comfortable bed. Only snag we found is we could not open any of the windows, but the airconditioning worked well. Like another writer, we too thought we would run short of shower gel, and tea bags by the morning, so we rang down to reception and had extra supplies brought up within a short while.The lounge reception area is elegently furnished and relaxing to sit there, and the breakfast was varied and plentiful and service was prompt and courtious.The hotel's location is very convenient for South Kensington and Knightsbridge, the museums and the Royal Albert Hall.We found Flavio, one of the reception staff, very helpful when making our room booking.We would defintely stay there again.Marcia and Ashley Shanahan, Cardiff,UK	
Oct 2 2005	Don"t Stay Anywhere Else!	Last week we stayed at the Harrington Hall Hotel. It was chosen because of several reviews I read and because I researched several hotels in London myself. The Hotel is very clean the staff is very friendly and accommodating and the rooms are a very nice size in a city where most of the rooms are so teeny u have to climb over your luggage.Don't get me wrong it isn't the Ritz, but the location is EXCELLENT near all transportation..and ease of hailing a cab.. Many hotels priced much higher are just NOT anywhere near as nice. This is someplace you will actually enjoy coming &quot;home&quot; to after a tiring day of whatever! Plenty of hot water and air conditioning. Its quiet and attractive. We paid a total of 110 pounds per night. A BARGAIN	
Sep 27 2005	Mixed experience	Clean and most of the desk staff were helpful. Was annoyed we only were given one, very small bar of soap to use for both shower and sink. There is a card on the bathroom door to fill out to request more supplies or report things that are not working. It took 2 days to get the request filled for another bar of soap. The TV channels are very limited, CNN had very poor reception most days. The TV remote was marginal, we thought it needed better batteries, which we requested on the hanging card on the bathroom doorknob, but it didn't seem to help, or maybe our request was ignored. We didn't watch TV much, so we didn't follow up on the problem. There were only 2 radio stations, which were provided on the TV. Both were heavy metal! Just not our style, particularly with jet lag. No alarm clocks in the room. The doors to the rooms tended to slam shut which was annoying when we were trying to sleep and recover from jet lag the first day or so. I often wondered if the cleaning staff was just careless when they went in and out of rooms in the morning while they were cleaning, or if they were intentionally making noise to get us up and out so they could get into our room to clean. Room size was ok, on the small side compared to U.S. hotel rooms, but bigger than some European hotels we've been in. Bartender was helpful and loaned us a corkscrew for some wine we had bought to have in our room.	
Sep 14 2005	Best deal and location	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights, beautiful hotel, wonderful breakfast, and super close to the underground. Around the coner you have markets, starbucks, restaurants and fast foods. A very clean hotel and staff is nice. This is such a nice hotel and area that I am returning in December. I truly recommend this place. I researched so many hotel for 2 months and this one was the best .	
Aug 29 2005	London's Best Value For the US Dollar	My husband and I stayed at Harrington Hall during our London visit in August 25 - 27, 2005. After a &quot;cramped&quot; room in a Paris hotel - which had no lobby - we were delighted when we arrived at Harrington Hall and walked into a large, beautiful lobby and reception area. We were shocked when we entered our spacious room (the size of US hotel rooms) and bath. Having stayed earlier in another London hotel before going over to Paris for a week- where the bathroom was much smaller than those on cruise ships - we weren't expecting much. What a wonderful surprize! I took a tour of the hotel with a staff member and can attest to the variety of facilities including a FREE workout room with lockers and showers, meeting spaces, etc. We dined at the hotel on the first night of our stay and although the hotel itself is rated 4 star, the food in its restaurant was 5 star. The hotel is a mere 2 blocks from the Gloucester Tube which was another great asset. The computer images of the exterior of the hotel do not do it justice. It is a beautiful old building having been erected in the late 1800's and has been declared an historic treasurer. It is quite large. Before being converted to a hotel, it was individual townhouses. I can't say enough good about the staff. They were most accommodating and helpful. Harrington Hall Hotel will be OUR hotel anytime we visit London. It was the best value for our money of any of the hotels where we stayed in either London or Paris.	
Aug 25 2005	what a surprise!	I really enjoyed my stay here, it has a nice location within 5 minutes to Gloucester Tube station.There is a Waitrose,Boots, post office, Sainsbury market and other areas of interest within walking distance. Our room was very nice and extremely clean, with a very efficient staff that catered to our needs. My daughter has extreme food allergies and the head chef made her special meals,and was the most corteous person I've met in a long time. I had a wonderful time and would't hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 23 2005	Enjoyed Harrington Hall	My husband and I just spent 4 nights at Harrington Hall and were very pleasantly surprised with the facilities and service we received. We had obtained a very good price through Hotels and often the storey is &quot;you only get what you pay for&quot;. This was not the case at Harrington Hall. The room was bright, clean and quiet with lots of attention to details. The staff were friendly and helpful. On the last night of our stay, our daughter joined us and they moved us to a larger room to accommodate a third bed and did not charge an additional cost. It was so nice to find clean, comfortable and affordable accommodation in London where everything else is so costly. Thank you Harrington Hall. We will be back.	
Jul 30 2005	Another enjoyable stay at Harrington Hall!	Another enjoyable stay at Harrington Hall. Very good quality hotel with a friendly staff and excellent location. Didn't use the tube this time (July 2005) but taxis were frequent and it is easy to walk to many areas. Public areas are attractive including an attractive bar (drinks expensive!), bedrooms are of a good size and clean and it is so quiet in the nights, unlike some other locations. Got a very good internet rate for 2 nights (breakfast not included) but there are several very good coffee bars just around the corner plus a range of restaurants and a Tesco Express. Whereas the hotel is not 5* quality like the Royal Garden or Athenaeum, it does exude a charm and cosiness that is often missing in some chain hotels - Harrington Hall is supposedly not part of a chain. Would strongly recommend the Harrington Hall if you can get a good rate and wish to stay in this part of London.	
Jul 9 2005	Great Value Great Accomodations	Stayed at the Harrington Hall the last week in June 2005. Selected the hotel after an extensive search trying to locate a business-class room in a nice neighborhood near a Tube stop for less than $250 US, which is not an easy task. Harrington Hall turned out to be a find. Located in Kensington and a easy walk to the Gloucester Tube station, the hotel is also near good restaurants, shops and other attractions. My room, on the fourth of five floors was uncommonly spacious for London, clean and well appointed. The staff was very helpful with restaurant suggestions, theater tickets and directions. The gym is compact but free and has mostly modern equipment (weights would be a nice addition). One small beef: the lack of an Internet connection in the room. Wireless is available in the lobby for an absurd $7 US for 30 min. I ended up at the Internet cafe two blocks away which offers broadband for $5 US an hour. All in all, it's hard to find anything wrong with Harrington Hall, but much to like.	
Jun 28 2005	My new favorite London hotel...	I would highly recommend this hotel. The neighborhood was great- very close to Glouster Tube Station, lots of restaurants that stay open late, and central to the museums. I loved that it felt a bit swanky with the doormen, marble bathrooms, and yummy room service, but I didn't pay a fortune. I had a little problem with the air conditioning, but they had a technician who responded to the complaint in about 10 minutes and fixed it right away. What more can you ask for?	
Jun 15 2005 	Perfectly fine hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed here in October '04. Great location, right around the corner from Gloucester Road tube stop and within walking distance from Harrod's. The staff were courteous &amp; professional, and while our room was a tad small it was quite comfortable. Had a rather good dinner in the restaurant. While it's not the Grosvenor House, I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 9 2005	Excellent Hotel with Great Staff	My family stayed at Harrington Hall for five days last month. The room was clean and larger than I expected (we were in a triple with two beds plus a rollaway) and included a desk and small table with chairs where we sometimes has a late night snack. We were quite comfortable. Although it would have been nice to have a refrigerator in the room (the minibar was more like a vending machine), the staff was very helpful and friendly and stored my father's insulin at the concierge for us. We even borrowed a plug converter from the front desk when mine failed to work. We were delighted by the complimentary buffet breakfast which we thought was pretty abundant. There was a wide array of fresh fruit, fish, ham, cheeses, pastries, breads, cereals, yoghurts, coffee, tea and various juices and we were nicely fueled for a day of sightseeing. The hotel's location was excellent. It was only a couple minutes from the Gloucester Road station (district, circle and picadilly lines) and there were at least two grocery stores, a Boots pharmacy and several restaurants and fast food places within two to three blocks (including a Burger King, an ok Fish and Chip place, a bistro, and a few more upscale restaurants as well as those in between). Two long blocks on Harrington Gardens Road (road the hotel is on, in the direction of V&amp;A) netted a laundromat where we could wash our all our clothes for about 6 pounds before heading for our next destination. The Tesco on Glouster Road was a good place to buy inexpensive ham and cheese or chicken and stuffing sandwiches to take for a picnic lunch in Hyde Park after walking to the nearby V&amp;A museum and Harrods. All in all, the hotel was not a luxury or resort hotel, but a very good upscale hotel that was very comfortable, quiet, clean, not too crowded and with a helpful and polite staff. We were very satisfied and for the price, would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 6 2005	We loved Harrington Hall!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Europe. The first week was in London at Harrington Hall, and I was a bit nervous having booked this hotel based on the comments on this site. I finally took the plunge and picked a hotel, realizing that there is no way to please all the people all the time, and overall the comments were positive. I am happy to report that we thought the hotel was wonderful. We stayed on the 4th floor, in a superior double. I found the room to be a very good size; we had plenty of room to spread out for a week (even though I totally overpacked). I LOVED the bathroom with the heated towel bars. The housekeeping staff was wonderful ~ our room and bathroom were spotless. Location is GREAT ~ close to the Gloucester Road tube station, yet the street where the hotel is located is quiet. There is a lovely little cafe on the way to the tube station, where we stopped most mornings for breakfast and coffee (choosing to bypass the more expensive breakfast in the hotel). We are looking forward to our next London trip &amp; will definitely look at staying at Harrington Hall again.	
Apr 22 2005	Avoid the top floor	The hotel is in a great location and is very grand inside. There are quite a few nice little bars and restaurants in the area, but we spent most of our time around Soho / Leicester Square. The tube is only 2 streets away, 2 minutes walk.On the first night we stayed on the top (4th) floor, which is quite small with a small double bed. The noise at night was unbearable from the aircon fans. Didn't get much sleep that night, but after complaining we were moved to a large luxurious room on the 2nd floor. The reviews of the hotel are quite mixed, probably depending on where you stay.The continental breakfast was lovely. I would recommend this hotel if you get a good rate, but don't stay on the top floor.	
Apr 17 2005	One of my favorites	We had a superior double at this hotel &amp; were very pleased with the size and convenience of the room. High ceilings with lovely draperies floor to ceiling - plenty of windows and SPACE! It was also quiet even though the room was on the road side. The common areas downstairs were pretty plain. The service was good, although the breakfast was very expensive. Less than a block away are excellent places to eat - some cheap, e.g. Burger King, Starbucks, ethnic types, take away and others just a bit more expensive. The best thing about the hotel is the proximity to the Gloucester Road Tube Station - only a block at most and you are connected to the Picadilly, District and Circle lines - awesome!	
Mar 28 2005	Great hotel!	My sister and I stayed in this hotel March 17-18....Gorgeous! About a 2 minute walk to Gloucester Rd Tube Station which has 3 major lines----District, Circle and Picadilly. Although it's located right off a main street, it is very quiet. There are a bunch of little cafes and restaurants right near the hotel. I would recommend this hotel hands down! FYI: for a great Italian restaurant that is reasonably priced, go to Da Marios in Covent Garden.	
Feb 24 2005	Great little find	Stayed here as part of a birthday surprise weekend and were amazed as to how much £100 a night can actually buy you in a very touristy bit of London. Booking directly on the hotel's website turned out to be cheaper than LateRooms (hotel has standard internet rates of £99) and for that we got a bright decent sized room which was clean, comfortable and where everything worked as it should. It may not have been the flashest hotel and we didnt really use any of the facilities the hotel offered but it was tremendous value. Definately recommended if you are visiting the South Kensington area and compared to some dodgy places Ive stayed at £70-80 a night worth the extra £20-30.	
Feb 6 2005	Fantastic	Just got back from a two night stay at the Harrington Hall Hotel, fantastic, would certainly stay there again. We had 3 rooms all on the fifth floor, no complaints from anyone in our group. Staff friendly and very helpful, good sized rooms with comfortable beds and very effective climate control. The hotel is in a good location close to tube &amp; bus routes, taxi's were easily hailed outside.	
Dec 31 2004	Bset Kept Secret In London	My wife and I recently spent 11 days in London and stayed at Harrington Hall. We had a great time and the staff went out of their way to be as helpful as they could be to us.  The Hotel has the best cleaning staff I have ever seen.Our room was kept spotless and the maids were very cheerful and upbeat. The restaurant has a good English breakfast and is served in large portions and the staff is very attentive.The quality of the food is good and the menu options are good. The Hotel had several Christmas Dinners for the patrons and the young women who is in charge is very professional and did a good job with her restaurant  Harrington Hall is located in South Kensington,just two blocks from the Glouster Rd Tube Station and has good shopping near by for essentials as well as a few good restaurants nearby.There is an American restaurant on the corner ,the Texas Lone Star, that has pretty good American burgers and nachos if you get tired of Engish food. Harrington Hall is extermely well maintained and everything worked as it should.The heating system is too good and we had to open our window several times as the room became too warm even in December. I would highly reccomend this Hotel to anyone wanting an intimate upscale hotel that does not break the pocketbook and delivers what it advertises. Tickets for most major London attractions may be purchased at the desk in the Hotel saving you &quot;q&quot; ing time.	
Dec 19 2004	Interesting decor...	My boyfriend and i stayed for just one night as part of a Tour Operator's package to see Morrissey. Having seen some of the reviews I was initially a little dubious of the hotel. We were greeted by a friendly doorman and reception staff. Both the reception staff and concierge were only too pleased to help when we could not operate the key to the door of our room (which as we later discovered was not our fault!!) Although the decor to the room was &quot;a little busy&quot; the room was clean, tidy and well presented. The beds were comfortable as were the slippers and bathrobes!We had to queue for a few minutes for breakfast but we were able to help ourselves to as much as we wanted. Breakfast was perhaps a little cold but not unusual where prepared in quantity and self service. It was of good quality.Although the tv in the bedroom had no sound and the heating seemed to only have one temperature whatever setting you put it on we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I would certainly stay again.	
Dec 6 2004	Not nice people	I had the displeasure of staying in this hotel last weekend, it was terrible. The staff were just so unhelpful, and so unfriendly. One told me it was because the hotel was understaffed and that they were having to work longer hours. That is not my problem!The room was okay, but quite small, and things just did not work in the room, they had no one to fix my lamp over the weekend. The breakfast was cold and the rate of £140 was high as only last weekend I saw the same hotel for £99.I would not suggest you ever stay there, there is better hotels for less money.	
Nov 9 2004	more than pleased	I was more than pleased with my 4 night stay in Harrington Hall Hotel recently. When i booked it on the internet i did so with some trepitation after reading some of the reviews. As it was to be a birthday gift to a friend i wanted it to go well. To my delight, when i arrived i found the Hotel to be very comfortable and the staff more than happy to fulfill our every need. One small disappointment was that the night we choose to eat in the hotel there was a private conference and we had to eat in a smaller room made available for the dining of hotel guests. This did not have the same atmosphere of course but it was i understand only for the one night. I would recommend this hotel as it was so convenient to the Glouster Road Tube station and in a lovely area. The bedroom in the back of the hotel was a haven of peace and very welcome after a busy day at the shops. I would repeat my experience willingly!!! Sincerely yours,Feena	
Oct 10 2004	Wonderful	I spent one night at the Hotel room was good, Staff were very polite and really helpfull. Food was good and plenty of it. Will look forward to going again	
Oct 5 2004	Location location	My wife and I visited London in August 2004 and stayed at Harrington Hall Hotel. It is a very good facility in an excellent location. There are shops, banks and restaurants close by as is the Gloucester Road tube station. Staff at Harrington Hall were very friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2004	Fantastic location and comfortable accomodations.	I have stayed here twice- once in 1999 and recently, in July 2004. My husband and I loved the neighborhood, the access to the Gloucester St. tube station (which houses 3 tube lines), and the large room. Very clean, quiet, and relaxing. This is not a luxury hotel. but a very comfortable one. Walking distance to Royal Albert Hall, Victoria and Albert Museum, and great tube line 1 and 1/2 block away. Extremely affordable for London.	
Sep 4 2004	Nothing Works at The Harrington Hall Hotel	Stayed for two nights, September 2-3, 2004. Staff was rude and indifferent. Nothing works -- first room the door lock was broken. Second room, bathtub did not have a stopper in the drain (not a big deal unless you really want a bath!) and the AC did not work (a big deal, especially since the windows could not be opened). The third room -- the phone did not work. The staff, including the manager was rude. They must have a lot of problems since most clients in the hotel were complaining about one thing or another. The breakfast was not inlcuded and was very expensive.Great area - but stay elsewhere where they appreciate your business!	
Aug 19 2004	Clean Quiet and convenient	We spent 9 nights here in July, with a room on the top floor at the back. We found the room to be well appointed, clean, comfortable and quiet and our stay there was very enjoyable. The location was excellent with the Gloucester tube station around the corner and many restaurants within walking distance. We had friends staying a few blocks away and were comfortable walking in the area at all hours. Hyde Park, Natural History Museum, Albert &amp; Victoria Museum all within blocks. We found the staff to be very accommodating and friendly. Overall, our experience at Harrington Hall was very good and I would stay there again with no hesitation.	
Jul 19 2004	Poor service no coffee rude staff portion control in the restaurant	1 - Concierge forgot to deliver the bags and was rude when we asked them to take them to the room. He then explained we needed a ticket which we had to show to him in reception so what was the point in him offering to bring them upm to the room - we were in the room already and they had the room number.2 - No coffee in the bar at midnight and no compensation for this. In fact the night manager was quite rude when we asked for a complimentary drink.3 - The smoke alarm and sprinkler has a flashing red light which operates all night and is distracting when sleeping. On covering the led up the staff burst into the room accusing us of smoking in the room. My wife was asleep at the time and was woken by the manager shouting abuse. That may be the way they do things in Turkey but it's not what I expect form Kensington, London.4 - No biscuits in the room.5 - No details of services in the room - everything is on the TV screen and most of the categories ask you to dial 1 for reception so therefore a waste of time.6 - Breakfast was portion control. Only three items could be chosen from the FULL english breakfast menu making it a half english breakfast.7 - As we were out most of the time it was not too much of an issue but it is a bit disappointing when you have paid over £100 a night to stay there.8 - At no time was any apology made.	
Jun 24 2004	A decent Value	The hotel is in a convenient location with a Starbucks and a tube station just down the street. We had a large corner room on an upper floor and felt spoiled by the size of the quiet, clean room. Note that this is a simple hotel - we went to Boots and bought soap because the complimentary soap was both harsh and tiny. Hard beds, scratchy towels, but hey, it was less than half the price of where we stayed on our previous trip to London.	
Jun 4 2004	Exciting trip! Had a good time. Harrington Hall was very nice.	Kim, my travel agent with AAA did a great job on my trip. I thoroughy enjoyed the trip with TrafagerTours. Kim picked a great location for me to stay &amp;Harrington Hall was fun. Most people at the hotelwere very helpful. I had a good time!	
May 29 2004	Would definitely stay again.....	Just returned from a 6 night stay at Harrington Hall. Absolutely loved it! Able to check in early, which was very welcomed after an overnight flight from the US. Hotel was elegant; lovely facade, doorman, polished brass elevator (lift) doors, warm and inviting lobby, elegant (and large) off lobby bathroom, and pretty restaurant. Rooms were very nicely furnished with a victorian motif, and very clean. Bed mattresses appeared new and very comfortable. Marble bathrooms with towel warmer were especially nice, and shower had good water pressure. Only initial problem was with AC on arrival. Room was hot and stuffy, and AC did not seem to be woking poperly. A phone call promptly brought an engineer to the room, however the AC did not seem to work any more efficiently. Had to make another call, which again was answered promptly, and the second&quot;engineer&quot; was able to get AC running fine. Did not encounter lines at breakfast, no matter what time. Continental breakfast was adequate, and wait staff efficient and polite. Safe and pleasant location, close to several attractions and 2 short blocks to Glouster Rd. tube station. Hotel staff all pleasant, respectful and helpful. Concierge(Eddie) absolutely teriffic! Had the patience of a saint, polite, extremely helpful, and had a good sense of humor. Able to book several attractions directly from hotel, which saved time from having to stand on a que. Hotel was quiet at night, and I was pleasantly surprised, after having read several mixed reviews prior to going to London. It was a great experience, felt like a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, and I would definitely return to Harrington Hall.	
May 27 2004	A good hotel that needs to fix its plumbing	Stayed one night at the hotel. Was able to check in early (9 a.m.) and perhaps because of this, I got shafted with the room (Room 629). The room itself was decent--clean and efficient. Nice towels and large closets. The bathroom is extremely nice--spacious and marble (it was better than the 4-star hotel I stayed in later). However, the hotel seems to have problems with its plumbing. I could hear water leaking somewhere the entire stay--probably from the heated towel rack or the fridge. Drainage for the bathtub was a problem too. The AC system makes a buzzing noise during the day, but it seems o.k. at night. I asked the hotel maintenance staff about it and he said there is nothing he could do. I would stay there again, especially in the winter when I know I don't have to turn on the AC.	
May 1 2004	Great location and room - but the staff left something to be desired	Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Harrington Hall. We flew in from Rome, and the relatively quiet and elegant Harrington Road was a welcome change. First the positive - the room was comfortable and tastefully decorated, with every amenity, and the doormen were helpful and friendly. Continental breakfast was included (a limited variety of cooked selections was available for an extra charge). The concierge was adequate, though not overly helpful. We were able to buy tickets for the bus tour and some attractions at the hotel, which helped us avoid some of the long queues. The Gloucester Road Underground station was just a two minute walk from our hotel. London was unseasonably warm during our April 2004 stay and, unfortunately, so was our room. At night, the temperature in our room was 78 degrees Farenheit. Since we were on the first floor, I was leery of sleeping with the window open. The staff were unresponsive to our requests to adjust the temperature. I overheard another guest with the same complaint. We had a couple of issues with the reception desk, including a very confused staff member at checkin, and being rushed along when checking out. We requested a one hour checkout extension from the reception desk. They did not respond to our request, but did approve it when we asked again. Unfortunately, the front desk and maid kept phoning us that morning asking when we planned to leave, even though we had made specific arrangements just the day before. Aside from the incompetent reception staff and sauna-like room temperature, this was a great hotel in an excellent location.	
Apr 26 2004	Super Hotel	Stayed at Harrington Hall on April 9 &amp; 10, 2004. This is a lovely hotel. It had the best hotel shower I have ever had. Lots of little comforts make this hotel a wonderful place to stay. I would recommend it to anybody.	
Apr 16 2004	Very acceptable at the price	I needed to stay in this area to access Earls Court Exhibition centre and as a fairly regular visitor to this area I am aware that there a handful of true 4 stars available within walking distance. I usually book the Rembrandt thro hotel-assist.com but in this instance the hotel was full so they offered me a similar rate at The Harrington. I was very pleased with it. The hotel is in a good location close to Glocester road metro which is always a bonus. Staff at the front desk were &quot;ok&quot;, not brilliant. The bedroom was well furnished to a good standard and immaculately clean. The bed comfort was excellent. The breakfast was a nice civilised affair with much cup replenishing from the attentive waiters and the food although not served in huge quantities was well presented and cooked. At the discounted price that I was offered from the Hotel-Assist people this hotel is good value and I would stay here again without question - its very brit !	
Mar 2 2004	Nice hotel in a good location	Pretty good experience over all. The room size was adequate and the room was clean and well furnished. The bed was fine - no &quot;grooves&quot; in ours as another reviewer pointed out. The location is great - short walk to gloucester road tube station. The street is quiet and very safe. There is not a whole lot around this area within walking distance. The staff was very friendly. The only real complaint i have about this hotel was that the conceirge was not very helpful. They gave us misinformation and I saw another guest get some odd info. The continental breakfast was good. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. I would stay here again.	
Feb 10 2004	Nice room - just wished they'd taken the rubbish out!	My partner and I stayed at the overnight at Harrington last year and were quite disappointed. The room was basic but comfortable, nothing outstanding about it other than the fact that the rubbish bin had not been emptied from the previous guests!The bar downstairs is actually rather nice, but the drink prices were extortionate even by London standards! Staff were pleasant but not overly so, and, apart from the fact that the hotel is so close to everything we were in London for, I'm not sure whether we'd return.	
Jan 27 2004	Bad atmosphere	Nice standard of fittings, good location, but ... Unhelpful staff, very noisy at night, non-functioning aircon, stale air, hot in December. We were advised to open a window - no apology, no engineer to fix things. Also, looong waits for a table at breakfast, not that the place was crowded - just inefficient.	
Jan 21 2004	Great!	We stayed at The Harrington January 2-5, 2004. It is really well located and well furnished as the rooms are quite roomy by London standards. Their on-line pictures are very true to the rooms. So many of the pictures on line do not accurately reflect the rooms I have found in other instances. The staff were all gracious and helpful and just very nice and accomodating! Because of the unfavorable exchange rate, I was glad I had made a reservation in advance. My son who had been in England 7 months before was impressed that we got such a nice place for 109 pounds versus the dive of a telephone booth size room he paid 70 pounds for. The breakfast was okay, not nearly as nice as Michael Caines in Exeter's Royal Clarence Hotel, but good. The beds were not particularily comfortable and definitely need to be updated though.The staff assisted with a post stay credit card problem expeditiously and graciously as well. I would definitely recommend the Harrington. It is an affordable English experience hotel that is also really very nice as well as convenient.	
Jan 4 2004	Excellent stay but a few details you should know	We just returned from a 5 night stay at Harrington Hall. We arrived Boxing Day and checked out on New Years Eve 2003.I would echo all of the praise listed in other reviews and amend it with the following:We were traveling with three young daughters (4,6,8), and everything was great for them. The staff was nice and understanding with no looks down noses at them. I would comment that we were in the minority there with kids.Our room could have used new mattresses as there was evidence of heavy use &quot;grooves&quot; in them. Uncomfortable to be sure. Other than that the rooms were very clean and the staff was very diligent in keeping them clean.Internet acces - High speed access is available on the 3rd floor only. So, if you need that make sure that's where you book. They do have WiFi in the lobby, but the fee is 5 Pounds a HALF HOUR! This is twice the going rate and needless to say I took a stroll to the Starbucks instead. They should cut the price for tennants IMHO.For breakfast - get your bottoms downstairs before 9:30 AM or you're gonna have to wait in line. Don't say I didn't warn you. :)	
Jan 2 2004	Loved the Harrington	Stayed 4 nights at Harrington Hall in late Dec 2003. Location was great, very close to the Glouster Rd tube. Room was very large (Exec King), and well maintained. Hotel staff very helpful with theatre tix and other resv. The full english breakfast was wonderful. A good start to our day. Would stay there again.	
Oct 9 2003	Excellent hotel!	My daughter and I spent a week in London last month. I think that all of Europe must have evacuated and gone to London! The city was almost overwhelming it was so crowded- however, the bright spot was our hotel in South Kensington- superb service; great included breakfast; beautiful public spaces with a lobby-bar- lounge offering light fare; lovely dining room; a large well-appointed bedroom; helpful concierge; quiet neighborhood with many choices of moderately-priced restaurants (especiallly All Bar One), a mini-mall with drugstore and supermarket, and a tube stop- all within 2-3 blocks. A charter bus line picks up in front for jaunts to the countryside and drops off at the tube around the corner. I will definitely stay there again when I go again with my husband. Oh, and another plus- terrific price found on alpha-beds this is a 4* hotel and I needed the price break!!	
Oct 6 2003	I don't understand the high rating	Just came back from London, stayed at Harrington Hall for 3 nights. Before we left it was #11 in popularity (one of the main reasons I picked this hotel), now it's #5. I'm reading the last review - are we talking about the same place? I'm wondering what kind of shower the reviewer from Minneapolis has at home, without rusty curtain poles? The hotel is not bad, don't get me wrong, clean, nicely furnished - but what else do you expect from a normal hotel? It is a very good 3-star hotel, with larger than usual for a 3-star hotel rooms. One of two elevators has been broken all these days. As for the staff... I travel to Europe 2-3 times a year, and this was the first time, of practiaclly all European countries, that the room was not ready when we arrived - supposedly they had &quot;a big check-out&quot;. There was a superior room available, for 25 pounds extra. What's interesting, while checking out this morning we overheard a conversation at the receiption: a German couple arrived, but the room was not ready. &quot;We do have a superior room available immediately, though&quot;. Believe me, there was no &quot;big check-out&quot; this morning, and the hotel was not fully booked. The only time I encountered this ruse was in Cancun, Bahamas, and Dominican Republic - never in Europe. The bottom line: it's a nice hotel if you get a good rate, very conveniently located, but don't expect 4-stars. And unless it's included, don't even think about having breakfast there - for 12.5 pounds you get practically nothing.	
Oct 6 2003	Very Pleasant Hotel	I stayed at the Harrington for 6 nights in Sept 2003. Location is excellent - only 1.5 blocks from Gloucester Rd tube station, with several cafes along the way. I was traveling alone and received a room far nicer than what I've seen for other single travelers. The decor was extremely pleasant, and the room layout was compact but extremely well planned, with ample closet space, hangers, AC, modern bath and an in-room safe. A few very slight negatives: 1) Continental breakfast was included in my room rate and the breads were excellent, but the staff seemed chitnzy about giving you more than 1/2 cup coffee and tea and the fruit was tasteless (though the color and texture were fine). 2) I did not appreciate the attempt to upsell me upon check-in, even though I hadn't even seen the room. Most staff were very good, but this one particular gentleman at the front desk didn't seem adept at customer service. For example, he hesitated in granting my request to cash a 20 pound traveler's check (passport in hand, and I was just asking for pounds, not dollars!). But overall a very nice facility I'd recommend	
Oct 3 2003	Wondeful hotel		
Sep 30 2003	Quite a treat!		
Sep 24 2003	Good hotel - would recommend.		
Sep 2 2003	Highly recommended		
Aug 31 2003	What a Great Hotel!		
Aug 7 2003	Good location and quiet		
Jul 9 2003	High marks for Harrington Hall		
Jul 2 2003	Great location		
May 12 2003	Great Deal and Location		
Mar 25 2002	Superb		
Nov 11 2009	???????????		
Oct 5 2009 	El techo de la habitación se desplomó encima		
Sep 29 2009 	Buen hotel		
Sep 25 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Sep 15 2009 	Muy bueno		
Aug 27 2009 	Totalmente recomendable.		
Aug 2 2009 	Fantástica elección		
Jul 13 2009 	Un gran hotel en una zona privilegiada de Londres		
Jul 9 2009 	Excelente. Lo que esperas de un NH		
May 25 2009 	Perfecto muy bien comunicado.		
May 5 2009 	Soggiorno perfetto!		
May 1 2009	Muy buena elección		
Mar 31 2009 	Magnifico Hotel		
Jan 29 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Jan 27 2009 	Sin duda ¡recomendable!		
Dec 22 2008 	Bien ubicado y limpio punto.		
Dec 16 2008 	Una buen decision		
Aug 31 2008 	Fantastico!!!!!		
May 26 2008 	Nos gustó mucho		
Feb 20 2008 	Das Harrington war sehr gut		
Jan 7 2008 	ottimo soggiorno all'harrington		
Dec 1 2007 	buon hotel buona posizione		
May 2 2007 	Correcto para 4 estrellas sin lujos		
Jan 4 2007 	Buenísima elección.		
Aug 21 2006 	Impeccable		
