	Broken Boiler Excuse - sent a bunch of us off to stay near Wembley Statidum!	Booked this hotel for four nights from Sat 21 November, but on checking in was told that the boiler had broken and that we would have to stay at another nearby hotel for the night. They organised for a taxi to take four of us and was driven an hour to a Quality Inn near Wembley Stadium. We had paid for a 4 star in London and ended up in a 2 star next door to Wembley Stadium which took over an hour to get there! The next day there were a bunch of other people, some who were booked at a hotel owned by the same group from across the road - it appeared that their boiler was broken too! We didn't get picked up by the taxi until 12.00pm the next day, so wasted a whole day of our 4 day break. Some of the other people were only there for the weekend, so their weekend was spoiled. Once in the hotel, I found it to be very nice and the food was really good too. But I don't believe their broken boiler excuse - according to the taxi driver - they double book rooms all the time and shift patrons like this around all the time too. They should at least put people in a nearby hotel, not outside of London.	
	Great value!	Stayed there for 3 nights with my partner..It was a last minute booking on a very good price,225 GBP/3 nights.The room was really nice,not very big,but i really can't understand all these complaines about size..it 's the right size for a hotel room..(u won't take it with u guys,c'mon!) Anyway,the bed was nice,decoration also,there was a big flat TV opossite the bed.The bathroom was great!There was even a small flat tv for those who want to watch something when they're taking their shower..Maybe i didn't have high expectations,but believe me,if u 're not extremely strange,u'll love it..I will stay there again when i go back to London..	
	Uncomfortable bed shabby furniture Free WiFi in lobby	The location and WiFi were the good things about this hotel. I was in two different rooms - the furniture was shabby in both. The hotel is listed as remodeled. What year - 1990? Bed was uncomfortable; I could feel the springs through the ticking. The service staff was nice. They put me in the annex building down the street from the hotel the first night. I asked to be moved to a room in the hotel because I was a solo traveler and didn't feel safe in the unmonitored building. They moved me the following morning.Very close to Earl's Court tube station and several breakfast shops.	
Nov 24 2009 	Nothing special but good value and would stay again	After reading many negative reviews about the Shaftesbury hotels I booked this hotel with pretty low expectations. We were flying from Heathrow for 2 weeks in Florida and spent 2 nights in London prior to our trip. We were on a budget and needed to be quite near Fulham to visit friends and also be able to travel to Wembly Park easily.Overall this hotel was fine and we would stay again. The price was really good compared to other properties we looked at, we looked at several B&amp;Bs with bad reviews which were more expensive. The location was near Earls Court tube which made our trip to Wembly easy (via some tourist sights). We walked from the hotel to Harrods amongst other places, lots of pubs, restaurants close by.We didn't eat in the hotel and got a good deal direct from the Best Western website. The overall feel was quite old fashioned and not to our personal taste. The reception area was a bit scruffy and the rooms felt like Best Western hotels did several years ago (dark wood). Saying that they were clean, bathroom was fine, bed comfy, wi-fi in the room. For the price we wanted to pay I don't think it could be beat, however if I was planning a nice, romantic weekend in London we'd look elsewhere to feel more of a treat, but that would come at a price.	
Nov 20 2009 	Pleasantly surprised............	Having booked a room at a bargain price when london was crowded, my expectations were not high. Housed in the one modern building in a scruffy (but safe) street in Earls Court, first impressions are not great, and the reception area in nothing special.The surprise came when I entered the room, which was way above expectations, a double room facing the street, well furnished and decorated, comfortable and with a flat screen TV. The bathroom was ingeniously designed to make the best use of fairly small space, was equipped and offered individual toiletries as well as soap &quot;on the wall&quot;.The only downside was a problem in operating the TV, but the night staff were most obliging in twice swapping over the remote control until I had one that worked. The one curious lack of attention to detail was the offer of an orange and an apple, but no plate or knife (but that is a very minor quibble).I understand that there are some less good rooms there; the singles are described as &quot;poky&quot;, so it is well worth paying a little extra for a double and for avoiding the basement rooms, which are less desirable. The difference is not that great, and above all, it was the value for money (the price really was low) that endeared me to this hotel.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent value easy to locate and a couple of minutes from tube.	Booked this hotel only a couple of days before travelling. Staff appeared smiling and friendly at reception. We had an executive room 50 metres across the road from the main hotel. Overall we found our room extremely comfortable and were rather glad it was on the top floor, therefore less noise from traffic during the night. Everything was spotless and I would think had been fairly recently refurbished. Great location for buses and underground, though I did actually walk from hotel to Knightsbridge! A huge variety of local restaurants, etc to choose from within a few minutes walking distance. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 24 2009 	Fabulous Hotel for a fantastic price....location and breakfast were great!	My partner and I decided to spend the August bank holiday in London and decided to find a nice hotel rather than a hostel to make our stay extra special (as we currently live in different parts of the country due to university). I spent almost a week umming and argghing about this hotel as the reviews were so mixed. In the end however, I decided just to book it. I am extremely happy that I did....We arrived early with suitcases and thought we would leave our cases in the luggage room so we didn't have to carry them around all day til our room was ready. This was however unecessary as when we arrived we were told our room was ready and we could go straight up. The room was a good size for a London hotel (we booked a duluxe double) and the fruit basket was a nice addition to the room. Also, there were dressing gowns and slippers for our use though we never used them. The bathroom was very modern and clean with adequate space for its purpose. There were also plenty of toilettries which I took home with me! The room was very warm but the airconditioning cooled it down easily. Our room was forward facing onto the street which was quiet. The bed was very large and very comfortable. The bed was also a good length for my partner as he is well over 6ft and in other hotels he has had problems being too long for the bed. The location of the hotel is second to none. It is aproximately a 3 minute walk from Earls Court Station with the added benifit being that although so close to the station no station noise could be heard from the hotel. We found that we could access any area in the city easily both from buses and the tube. For the price we paid we were extremely satisfied.After a lovely night out at the theatre and a good nights sleep we woke to find a newspaper slipped under our door which was lovely and unexpected. We made our way down to breakfast just after 9. The breakfast room is lovely and decorated beautifully. There was a HUGE selection of things for breakfast from continental meats and cheese, to cereal, pastries and also a full english buffet. There was also plenty of fruit juices, fresh fruit and tea and coffee was served as when needed. My partner found it especially good as he has a huge appetite and was able to go up again and again and not get any disapproving looks. The breakfast staff were friendly and cheerful and although they spoke little English they made a good effort to greet and smile at all guests. The breakfast was equally goofd the next morning with there on neither day any sign of the amount of food diminishing. We also liked the fact that when we checked out on the monday morning we were able to leave our luggage and pick it up later in the day after making the most of our final day together.I think this a great hotel and I would reccommend it to all my friends and family and would not have any concerns that te quality would not be the same. I wul like to thank the hotel for making our weekend so great!	
Oct 21 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!!!	I had a great experience of this hotel! I was over for the weekend visiting various groups of friends and it was a great base to explore the city!! I was very impressed with my room I had booked a luxury single and it was spacious, clean and cosy! I always felt very safe and any time I went to reception they had a smile on their face! Some of the minor and I mean minor were my room key kept de activating and had to go to reception to re activate! Not good when u ve had one too many!! They blamed the tube magnets but I'm not so sure! Also even though my room was cleaned daily to a high standard they only changed sheets nite before I left, there is also very very soft bed that isn't very comfortable! But hey I didn't go to London to sleep. Location is brilliant very near tube and very safe for anyone on their own! Go if you want a nice base for short stay in London not amazing but very very good	
Sep 25 2009 	Good price and location with minor problems	This is a hard review because this is a good hotel but it isn't perfect, what wins it the good rating is that for London its Club Rooms are well appointed, it is in a very good &quot;access all areas&quot; location next to Earls Court and it has to be one of the cheapest 4 stars in central London.We stayed from 18 August to 24 August. This was our second stay at the hotel having previously picked the hotel due to location and a last minute deal while travelling 18 months ago, and I have to say, after at the time spending several weeks staying in some dubious standard hotels on mainland Europe this was a great place to stay and the Club Room was fantastic. What really sold us was the location and we are young at hart, the local pubs and easy access to entertainment appealed. We were looking at somewhere different this time however the price convinced us to stay again and it was easy to get to from Heathrow Airport.The hotel also has nice little services like fruit, chocolates and a turndown service, coffee/tea facilities, full satellite TV service and free internet access.Why I wouldn't stay again. Firstly it's time to stay in a different area and South Kensington, Notting Hill appeal to us as well as the reality we know London pretty well now and it is an easy city to get around as long as your near a tube station on a reasonable line. The second is I think we would be happy to pay a bit more for better service and a better experience. I had booked what I knew was the better Club Room but got put in a slightly smaller room facing the back of the street with a great view of roofs, as we were staying six nights and it was our second stay I asked to be moved to a front room, this apparently couldn't be done straight away even though we had just checked, the room wasn't that bad, it was just the rooftop view that sucked so we stayed that night.We moved rooms the next day, the only issue being in our old room we had our own independent aircon unit however the new room had a centralised unit, as London was 30c plus most of that week it just didn't cope and to be honest the room was hot and uncomfortable. I did ask on three occasions to have it fixed, to be honest I don't even know if they tried to fix it. There were a few other maintenance items that needed fixing like door handles that fell off, walls with scrapes and in the public areas cracked light covers and minor damage which should be fixed as it occurs and not left to build up, this is the sort of thing which will lose the hotel its 4 star rating. The staff attitude is disappointing, every request, no matter how polite and charming you are is met with an &quot;I don't care and this is all too much effort&quot; attitude. The one constant and noticeable exception is the restaurant and breakfast manager, he clearly enjoys his job, he is helpful, makes small talk, asks how you are, checks how the food and service is and makes sure you have your coffee and the table is cleared etc. We only had breakfast at the hotel and used the bar facilities a couple of times but the experience was good and the breakfast was a good standard.I think I was more critical this time around particularly as we had just arrived from an excellent 5 star hotel in Dubai and we so enjoyed our time in London last time we stayed in this hotel, rose coloured glasses maybe…I would still say if you want a good 4 star at a good price in a good location stay here, particularly if you're coming in from Heathrow. Just don't expect it to be prefect and remember there are a lot worse hotels for the same sort of money in London, oh, and book the Club Rooms.	
Sep 24 2009 	Fabulous stay great breakfast close to transportation	We arrived for a five day stay from August 28th to September 2, 2009. I was a little apprehensive since the reviews were all over the board. (It seems that the basement rooms are claustrophobic). We arrived early about noon and waited about 20 minutes till the room was cleaned. We occupied Room 502 facing the street. It was clean with a modern bathroom.  We booked direct with the hotel because it seems to give a better deal that other travel sites or Best Western own site. It was about 80 pounds a night including a full English breakfast. I had only found the breakfast was included on there own site. So check to make sure it is included when booking through other sites.  The breakfast buffet was fabulous actually better than the buffet on the cruise ship which we traveled on the following week. (They will make eggs or omelets to order as well.) The breakfast room maitre'd was very pleasant and helpful, which just made the day start off right. The location worked just great it is about a block from the Earls Court tube station. With lots of restaurants nearby. We frequented four English pubs within an easy walk from the hotel. I found all the staff helpful and prompt. I was also pleased that there was a computer with internet connection along with a printer for those of us who did not bring a laptop with us, located near the lobby. There is a Laundromat between the hotel and the tube station which was a better option that the laundry service from the hotel. I was very happy with the hotel and would consider staying there again. PS it was also nice to get the points from Best Western.	
Sep 10 2009 	Staff Steal Clothes!	I stayed here on the 03/09/2009 for one night - to go and see a theatre show with my boyfriend. I stupidly left a dress hanging in the wardrobe when i departed. I rang the hotel the same evening on the date i checked out, and they had no trace of it in the lost property box. After waiting until the next day for housekeeping to find out. They stated that there was no dress in the room.I hung only one dress in the wardrobe, and i didnt take many clothes with me for the overnight stay. A small bag which i was able to carry around London thoughout my check-out day. I am disgusted by the staff member whom has found my dress and decided to keep it! This is not a trustworth chain. I will never give them my business again after this. The lack of communication and no compensation tops it off really.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great price for a London hotel	I booked my MD into this hotel for a business trip over the Bank Holiday weekend. I must admit I was a little worried as I had read bad reviews on various sites, but the pictures of the hotel looked good and it was the right location for the business trip. He was booked into a single room, which was a very reasonable £59 for the night - on a Saturday night too. Thankfully he was more than happy with this hotel, the bathroom was newly fitted and the room had more amenities than other hotels he has stayed at. The only down side was the room was quite small, but it was a single room and you get what you pay for! I would not hesitate booking this hotel again, for business, or a trip to London with my family.The hotel has no parking but you can use the car park a couple of mins walk away on the A4, under the Marriott hotel. Cheapest parking I found in the area.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent choice	Could not find fault with this hotel.It was comfortable clean and had everything we required.Close to tube station Earls Court and on 74 bus route.Starbucks, BurgerKing Dinos Tescos and shops all on main high street only a short walk away.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Resting Place	We stayed over the August Bank Holiday weekend. Upon arrival we were greeted warmly. Our room wasn't ready, but this did not cause us any problems as we arrived before the check in time of 2pm. We left our bags and set off site seeing. When we returned we were advised that we had been upgraded to a Club Room, which was perfect and on the 4th floor. This was booked at a bargain rate of £65 per night.The buffet breakfast was one of the best we have ever had, the quality of the bacon and sausages was very good. The hotel was only 1 minutes walk from Earls Court tube station. In the area of the hotel there was several good restaurants and pubs, which were much cheaper than the West End.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Unconmfortable	Our room even though titled 'executive double' was stuffy and located in the basement.It had only one window which was tinted and could not open.Also our air-con was not working at all.The hotel staff said they would provide a fan but then said they hadn't got one.Also we could hear suitcases being wheeled about in the lobby upstairs.Would not stay here again.Very Disappointing.	
Jun 29 2009 	Budget hotel for a reasonable price but sent us twice to an occupied room!	Got a cheap deal on this hotel, but thought it would be ok. On arrival we found the staff to be unfriendly and slow. We were given our first key card and taken into the basement to our room, as we entered it we found someone else's belongings in there! So then we were given a second keycard and given a room upstairs, this time when I walked in, I opened the door to find someone lying on the bed watching TV (since then I always double lock my hotel room door when i'm in it). Finally they said they had a problem, so offered us a to wait in the lounge with a free of glass of wine (Which was nice a good decision by them). When we did get to the room, it was acceptable for the price we paid and was comfortable enough. We did find that they never properly cleaned the room for our entire stay (only made the bed), as we discovered when bits on the carpet remained from day 1 throughout.We ordered room service around 9:30pm one evening to be told we could only get a grilled sandwich, and cheese was the only option. It took an hour to arrive, and was inedible.  The keycard stopped every single day, and we had to have it reprogrammed every afternoon when we returned to the hotel.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good if you are not demanding	I booked this hotel through their website and it went well. The hotel is situated just about 3 minutes' walk from Earls Court Tube Station. The problem with this station is it's not easy to find the lift and therefore you have to drag your luggage up the staircases which is very very difficult. Otherwise, the way back is fine because the lift is easy to locate if you are getting into the station.Dragging the luggage to the hotel is not too bad only that you have to carry a few steps up at the entrance. The hotel has a lift that is quite small and slow but serves the purpose.My experience with the staff is, in general, they don't smile that much. They employ a lot of Eastern Europeans who either have limited English vocabulary or they speak with a very difficult accent. We had someone coming to change the flowers in the room and she could not express herself well.The room is bright and of a good size. Although situated in a little street which isn't that busy at all, the morning trash trucks are quite noisy and you can hear them even if you are on the 5th floor.The room &quot;appears&quot; clean. However if you happen to pick something up under the desk, you will see lumps of dust. We reserved a double room. The bed was good and comfortable but they only supplied us with 1 pair of slippers. The fridge, that was not too cold, was only equipped with 2 small bottles of water that were refilled according to a schedule only they would know. The last few days they did not refill the fridge at all. We had to go to Sainsbury nearby to buy our own drinks.The bathroom is of a good size. I think they clean it everyday but somehow it always smells of pee. They supply big bottles of shower gel. One time I tried to unlock the one next to the bathtub from the holder on the wall to take some gel for making a bath and I saw mould in the bottle. I stopped right there! Having said that I must say that their hot water supply is very good.There were two small bottles of nice bath gels in the room (guess they were for promotion or used as one kind of supply). Once you've used them, they are never refilled. Whatever you use up in your room, it seems to be a matter of luck if they ever get refilled. Yet, if you ask, I think they will do it. It's just that normally you don't expect that you have to ask! When we entered the room, there was no air-conditioning and it was so stuffy and hot because of the weather. In the end, we found out that there was in fact an on-off switch on the ceiling of the room that you have to do it yourself. The remote control doesn't switch the air-con on or off.The room is equipped with internet access. They use the TV screen for the purpose. However their system was so user-unfriendly that made it useless. There is 1 PC with free printing available just up the stairs round the lift, and wireless is free in the lobby. They have quite a number of channels on TV but there is no sound for TV5.Our room keys didn't work from time to time and we had to take them to the Reception to reset regularly.The restaurant is cozy. I would say the breakfast is fine but a bit expensive. For dinner, I would recommend you to eat outside. There is an Indian restaurant nearby. The food is good and the servers there are much much nicer than those at the hotel. (It is mainly those at the Reception of the hotel who don't seem to be too friendly.)Other details you might like to know are they have a small safe, a microwave, and coffee/tea tray. We stayed for 6 days and didn't know how, we managed to have newspapers for 1 day and that was it! They served us with two fruits from Day 1 and never refreshed until our leave on Day 6.Honestly I think if you are not demanding, this is a hotel worth staying because comparatively it is not pricey. You will at least get a room of good size in a good area and Earls Court is quite convenient for you to travel to different places. It's just between Zones 1 and 2.	
Jun 5 2009 	A good place with paper thin walls	The hotel is quite nice. For starters, it's very clean and extremely well situated, only 2 minutes away from the Earl's Court Underground station. My room had plenty of equipment to play with: a plasma screen, a microwave, a safe deposit box and a kettle, which was, sadly, dirty. The rooms,or at least the one I was, have a feel of luxury to them. Even though my trip was purely business related, I think it's a great place to stay for a girlfriend retreat. My only complaint is the slightly small, but still acceptable, room size and paper thin walls.And, there was also a plasma screen that is situated so that you can't watch TV properly - it's at the side of the bed, a few inches in front of your face...	
May 20 2009 	Dropped 3 night reservation with 12 hours notice????	Just received a barely decipherable voicemail on my housephone telling me my reservation had been changed to another hotel due to a maintanance issue. Of course they don't actually TELL me the other hotel I'm supposed to show up at.It is literally 12 hours before I'm due to check-in. 4 unanswered phonecalls later, still no idea if I even have accomodation elsewhere! No email contact whatsoever, and no attempt to call my mobile. Ridiculous!	
May 2 2009 	It was good.	We were located on an upper floor, so we didn't have the problem some others had with being in the basement! The room was a little cramped, but had all the amenities. The bathroom seemed recently done over and was nice. Everything in the room seemed newish. Going for a sophisticated look in the decor. Nothing to rave about here, but nothing to complain about. We found the location to be fine for what we wanted, since it was near the Tube station, and also we like to walk around so we didn't mind that we weren't near museums, etc. There were enough places to eat on King's Cross Rd, right down the street. My boyfriend paid for it, so I'm not sure how good a value it was, but it was sufficient.	
Apr 28 2009 	Perfect for a little indulgence	I should start with that I did get a deal on this - something like 40%-50% off, so had I paid the full amount I might feel differently.Also add my 2 big complaints - room in basment so no windows! Made telling time impossible and woke up very confused! Would hate it for a long stay. Also could not control the temperature so were sweltering the whole time.But I did love the room, bed was comfy and all the facilities were nice. Though it was a bit small. We just wanted a naughty night away and this was fine. For a tourist it may not be so ideal.	
Apr 23 2009 	Value for money	This hotel is quite comfortable and situated near to Earl's Court tube station. Rates are often very reasonable for London Hotels but unfortunately some of the rooms do not have natural light, i.e. are below ground level which I did not like. The first time I stayed it was only for one night so this was acceptable but when I went back for a second visit I stayed for two nights and asked to be moved for the second night. The staff were a little reluctant to go along with this request but I was persistant and eventually I was moved to a much nicer room on the 3rd floor which was perfectly comfortable. On the whole though it was good value for money	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Place	We stayed at The Shaftesbury Kensington mid-March 2009. IT's strategically located about 300 yards from teh Earl's Court tube station where you can take just 1 train (5 stops) from central Llondon, but what a difference in price! The prices online are all over the place. If you go directly to their website and book from there, you can take advantage of their promotions like &quot; book 4 nights and get 1 free...&quot; and save a bundle.The Hotel is small, but sufficient. Rooms are not huge, but have all the amenities. we got #409. Nice room, even had a microwave and a tea kettle for those late dinners. We found a nice little Kabob place around the corner, got our dinner to go and had a feast in our room. iBreakfast is included in the price. And it's a great breakfast too. All you can eat, so fill up and be on your way to explore LOndon. And don't forget to get the LOndon Pass. It's another great way to save $$ on admission to all those great places and attractions. We had a great time. I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family, and for sure it'll be the place to stay if we'reever in London again.Remember, the hotel is to get a restfull sleep and be on your way. When you visit a place like London, you don' spend much time in the hotel. But a good night's sleep is essential, and that's exactly what we got at The Shaftesbury Kensington, London.Bon Voyage!!!	
Mar 24 2009 	I've never written a review before but felt compelled to after my stay here!! :(	We arrived at the hotel and immediately could tell that it was worn and VERY dated... We were left standing in the reception by the staff when there was no one in front of us. When they eventually called us over, they did not smile and generally appeared very unhappy in their job! We were given our keys and went upstairs to our room which took forever.. Once we got in out room we were disappointed to find the bed was not a single but not a double... I am 5ft 10 and my boyfriend is 6ft 5 so to squeeze into a small bed was annoying... But the bed was not the only thing that was smaller than we expected.. the room itself you could not walk around it was soooo tiny plus a pointless table and chair that could been removed to free up some space.! I felt quite claustophobic during the night! The internet might well be broadbankd but it was sloooooooooow and when trying to book a resturant reservation for that night it kept cutting off. Irritating! The room had no natural light as the windows are tinted. The bathroom is of a better standard - modern (in complete contrast to the old fashioned bedroom!) but when looking at the shower as there is nowhere for the steam to escape, the wallpaper has started to peel and discolour in the shower itself and so looked a little dirty in the cracks. The location was off the beaten track quite a walk from the museums and a £10 cab journey from the night life. To be sum it all up, we didnt pay 4* prices £89 but we did expect 4* as stated on the website. It is DEFINATELY NOT A 4*. It is basic and to be honest we would've been better off in the Hilton or even a Travelodge!	
Mar 12 2009 	Look elsewhere	The generally possitive reviews and good price were what made me choose this hotel in the first place. The reviews were wrong and I suggest you heed my advice.I paid extra to get a deluxe room but there was nothing deluxe about what I was given. The cons are as follows:Star rating: The hotel sells itself as a 4 star and in the past I have experienced many hotels ranging from 2 to 5 star. Of the 4 star rated hotels I have experienced they have all been reasonably good and often provide you with the comfort and quality of a 5 star with slightly inferior finishing and fewer facilities. In this case however the hotel would more realistically be categorised as a mediocre 3 star. On this ground I was disappointed as the Shaftesbury did not live up to the standard you'd expect from a 4 star hotel in any sense of the term.State of room: The room was located in the basement. There was marginal natural lighting as there was something resembling a sky light that was apparently what made the room habitable. There was no window though, it resembled a reasonably sized and well fitted out prison cell. The carpets were a disgrace, there were marks all over them, they were worn, stained and grubby looking. The television remote did not work, except to change channel but no volume control or standby function worked. The room was stuffy due to poor ventilation and no window you could open. The crockery for the complimentary tea was mismatched. The complimentary soap in the shower was empty. The minibar smelled like farts (seriously it did) and there was nothing in it except two lonely bottles of water. The safe was locked and could not be opened to store valuables in. The shower did not have adequate water guards and water would splash off you onto the toilet and toilet floor.Staff: with the exception of one receptionist they were indifferent to you, would not greet you as you entered the rather intimate lobby and would barely acknowledge you upon approaching their counter. They were not overtly rude but they were falling far short of the standard you would expect from a so called 4 star hotel's staff.Overall condition: The hotel had the facade of style but it was cheaply done and already there were signs of detiroration from the marked up walls in the corridor to the disgraceful state of the room we were allocated.Facilities: The gym was a glorified home gym with very few machines. The lack of space or windows was also oppressive. I did not use any other facility but there didn't appear to be many in any event. There was no lift down to the basement level which meant we had to carry our luggage down/up on check-in and check out. I could have used the porter but chose not to. The point remains that the Shaftesbury is allocating rooms in it's basement that lack sufficient natural light, a lift and proper ventilation.All in all it was tacky, tired, psuedo-stylish, poorly kept, poorly presented, poorly attended and just generally rubbish.The only good points were its location and selection of television channels. However, these are not unique selling points as the area is full of similarly convenient hotels at a lower price and of a similar quality. Why should I pay extra for a 4 star that doesn't deliver when I could save the bulls**t and get a more honest 3 star for less money?	
Mar 10 2009 	Exceeded our expectations.	Stayed for two nights (Saturday and Sunday) and after seeing the broad spread of reviews are pleased to report that we could find almost nothing to complain about. The room was spacious, clean, well equipped and very comfortable. For me the room was a tiny bit warm (and being eco-friendly I didn't use the air-con!) but not all the time. The breakfast buffet, which was included in the price, was excellent and it will now take me weeks to work it all off. The dining room was lovely with clean, crisp table linen and fresh flowers on the tables. The staff were polite, attentive and friendly. To sum up - everything was just right except for tiny niggle about warm room (easily remedied). Well done to the staff.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Location - Great Value	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in February, and it was exactly what I was looking for. The rooms aren't anything fancy, but you don't go to London to sit around in your room! The location was fab, the area very safe and lots right around the hotel (restaurants, shops, pubs, etc). I arrived early on Friday morning, and they let me check into my room around 9am, without charging me for an extra day. I also had some problems with my TV and they upgraded me to a club room to compensate. The price was great -- as other mentioned, book on their website directly to get the best deals, which include a full breakfast. Would DEFINITELY recommend this place to anyone who wants a solid place to stay while they're in London.	
Feb 22 2009 	Brilliant location 	Visited here back in November &amp; was very impressed. Hotel is easy to find and only a stones throw away from the tube station. Also close to a few shops and restaurants, which was nice as we arrived fairly late - starving! We didn't realise the room would be as big as it was, therefore great value for money. Nice big bed, with modern facilities and mini kitchen along the room. Lovely bathroom although we could hear the rooms upstairs flushing their toilets! Our room looked out onto the road although we had no problem with traffic noise what so ever. The room itsself was very clean, as was the rest of the hotel. Staff were friendly and were happy to give us directions, as we were off to a concert in the Royal Albert Hall. The location was very central and on the way to the concert we walked past National History Museum which was nice to see. Overall, really enjoyed our stay and would definately recommend hotel to others. Will be back in the future for sure!!	
Feb 19 2009 	A great Hotel - don't be put off by negative reviews!	There is confusion on this site about the name - this is a review of the Best Western Premier Shaftesbury on Hogarth Road, Earls Court. We stayed just one night and were immediately upgraded to a Clubroom with the most enormous bed I've ever seen, a large bathroom with a really deep bath perfect for a long soak! There were other nice touches like fresh fruit, fluffy bathrobes, a big flatscreen TV, toiletries in the bathroom, hairdryer, free newspaper. The staff were very helpful and stored our bag for the day even after checking out! We had a drink from the bar which we could take up to our room - the wine was pricey but great as an indulgence! Continental breakfast was included in the rate we'd paid, and although the breakfast room was busy and the waitresses disorganised there was loads of choice. We didn't feel the need to pay extra for a full cooked breaktast. I loved staying in this hotel - the Clubroom felt like luxury as it was enormous! The Hotel is on a quiet street but literally only 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Road and tube station which is really convenient for getting into London. There are also loads of nearby restaurants and bars. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel!	
Feb 16 2009 	No way should this be '4 star'!!	For a start, we didn't choose this hotel - as with the review above, we spent a lot of time choosing a hotel that was close to where we wanted to be in the city centre only to be told when we got there that there were 'maintenance issues' (clearly a case of overbooking as others checked in behind us no problems) and transferred, by complimentary taxi, to a sister hotel miles away from the area we wanted to be in. Had they called me beforehand to let me know we probably would have cancelled the booking, which is presumably why they didn't. We arrived at the Best Western Shaftesbury Kensington to a grunt from the receptionist, before being shown to our cupboard, which, despite being next to the reception, took around 5 minutes to reach, down 3 flights of stairs, a few hundred yards through the bowels of the hotel, up another 3 flights and back to ground level, just a few metres from the reception. The room was a whole new experience, as neither of us had slept on the pavement before (see photos), let alone in a cupboard. I had booked a 'deluxe' room, but there was nothing 'deluxe' about this place - it didn't even have some of the standard provisions (flowers, fruit, etc.) that according to the website 'all rooms have'.The room was so small there was only room for a bedside table on one side of the bed, my partner banged his leg on the corner of the bed every time he tried to squeeze around it and we had to pile the furniture on top of each other to make room for the suitcase. I'm not joking! (See photos). Bathroom was done out nicely, though again, I'd recommend losing as much weight as possible beforehand (and we are by no means big people anyway!).The windows, for what they were worth, might as well not have been there - shaky single panes, half of which were slatted anyway, let every little noise in for a few miles around, not to mention the cold and wind. You simply could not forget that you were literally on the pavement, almost within hand-shaking distance of passers-by. Common areas such as the stairs and corridors were very shabby and the carpets were filthy. Staying in this hotel cost us a hell of a lot of money in tube fares and taxis to get back and forth to the centre, where we had planned to stay. In short, I'll never be staying at a Shaftesbury/Best Western hotel ever again if I can help it. We felt well and truly ripped off. Avoid at all costs!	
Feb 16 2009	Worst hotel in London	Booked Feb 14th with Champagne and roses - these did not arrive.No water in the shower.Room was 200 meters away from the hotel.Asked for breakfast in bed and hotel refusedBooked du-luxe room which turned out a very basic roomDo not go there!	
Feb 5 2009 	Worth staying if you get a good deal	The Best Western Premier Shaftesbury Kensington (can't they give a shorter name?) is a better than average hotel, but only just. If you manage to find a good offer on the rooms (we did - a suite for just £79 including breakfast) then it is a great place to stay, being only minutes from Earl's Court tube station, but I wouldn't pay the full price.Our room was large(ish) but not vast and we had the very weird experience of staying two floors below ground level, with no natural light! I wouldn't have liked to stay underground for more than a night as it is quite claustrophobic.The facilities were fine and the room was clean and well provided for, except I did report to the reception that a bedside light wasn't working and it wasn't fixed by the time we left. I thought they would come and fix it immediately.The breakfast was very good and I could see that if we had been given a room above ground that we would have had a much more pleasant experience.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Stay 	Have satyed several times, has to be one of the best value hotels in this area of London. Only let down is the service in the Restaurant, especially at breakfast. However if you book direct on their web site and get the room for £65 for two inc BFast, there is no reason to complain.	
Dec 29 2008	It all depends on your room...	I stayed here twice in late 2008 - first time we were on the 4th floor and it was fabulous. Robes, slippers, view over the street - loved it.Second time I stayed in 'clubroom 6' in the basement and it wasn't so good, the extra touches were missing, we had no window but i have to say it was still very clean and pleasant enough.Both times i found staff efficient, friendly and obliging (- a rare treat in London?!) the hotel is nice, the buffet style breakfast is good and the location is excellent. Earls court is about a 2 minute walk away.Overall its a good hotel for the price and i would stay there again. If you book directly try the site a few days before you go - we found the price had dropped about £20 a night so cancelled and re-booked!	
Dec 26 2008 	Very Good Value	I stayed here on 21st Dec, and I have to say I did not find any of the negative stuff on here crossed my path. I paid £63 incl vat for a Deluxe double for single use, and that included a full EnglishOn arrival I got a free upgrade to room 201, a Club Room, which was very big for London, exceptionally clean, everything worked, and only the view out could be faulted. Fruit bowls, 30 odd TV channels, free bottled water were all standardBreakfast was not bad at all, and all staff were very friendly. They stored my bag the day I left, and presented me with a free paper twice in a day. There is no leisure centre, or proper bar, but if these things dont matter I really think this hotel is great value. Earls Court tube is genuinely 3 minutes walk away too, which in turn is under ten minutes journey from Oxford StreetQuite impressed!	
Nov 24 2008 	Totally disappointed!!!	We recently stayed at this hotel for our 4 day trip to London for our anniversary and what a disappointment. When we arrived the room was not ready so we went out for lunch and returned after the checking time, and again the room was not ready. The receptionist wanted us to take a seat and wait!! When we finally arrived in the room I was completely shocked the room was tiny. I know that in London space is at a premium but the room was no bigger than my small bedroom and bathroom at home.On inspection the hair dryer would not work, and I would have expected the fridge to be swithched on, it wasn't and we had to put our champagne in a warm fridge. The wardrobe could not fully open due to being so close to the bed, and the pathetic excuse for a safe within the wardrobe was not screwed down and was light enough to be carried under your arm!We had to inform reception of the broken hairdryer on 3 occasions! The following morning the toilet flush broke, but it was obvious that it had broken on many other occasions due to the amount of sealent around it. The water bottles were not replaced once and neither were the biscuits. I can safely say that we had the worst 3 nights sleep ever due to the fact that the bed was in no way a double but 3/4. How this hotel had 4 star rating is a mystery even the simplest of things were not done. It's a great idea of having all the facilities such as iron/board, fridge, microwave, but in a room that can not fit a double bed it is just silly. It did put a slight downer on the trip, after we had busy days sight seeing we wanted to relax and get a good night sleep, neither of which we got. The only positive thing i can say was that it had great location for easy access to a lot of good restaurants on Earls Court Road and close to the tube.	
Nov 14 2008 	Nice hotel very convenient location!	I stayed at the Kensington overnight for business trip and was very pleasantly surprised. It's a fantastic location, only 1 minute walk from Earls Court tube station, and the standard of accommodation was pretty good - the bed was a good size, the bathroom was also an excellent size and very modern in decor. Breakfast in the morning (included in the room rate of £95) was very nice - continental and full English available, in a very pretty setting (looked like Indian or Moroccan-influenced decor).My only two gripes would be:1. The air conditioning unit didn't seem to work so it was very warm2. The TV (a very large flat screen, very impressive) wasn't working. I phoned reception to be told that they were currently upgrading their TVs and they should be working in the morning - which they didn't (it would have been nice if they'd warned me about this on checking in). So I was disappointed not to have TV access during my stay.I would definitely stay here again though at the price and convenience of location.	
Nov 11 2008	Room with no view	Stayed one night, thank goodness. The room we had was below ground level, very hot in the room, and couldn't tell wether it was day or night. Television wasn't working, took the unhelpful reception staff nearly an hour to send someone to fix it. also the room had a connecting door and we could hear everything from the people in the next room, especially when they were leaving at 4am. Hotel not worthy of it's 4 star rating. If you do stay there, ask for a room with a window and no connecting door.	
Nov 1 2008 	Room in the basement!	We stayed for 2 nights at this hotel on October 29th - 31st 2008. The location was great, just steps away from Earls Court Underground Station. The hotel room was clean and adequate although small. The worst thing was that we were in rooms 005 and 006 which were as my son put it 'like being in the dungeon'! It took us around 10 minutes to find our room on the first night due to the winding corridors and stairs deep below the reception. We had a view of of a brick wall with virtually no sunlight. We paid a good price and only slept in these rooms so didnt bother complaining or asking to be moved. I would stay at this hotel again but would ask for a room with natural light next time!	
Oct 7 2008 	4* Star Hotel let down by Poor Restaurant	Stayed on the 30th September for 2 nights, Room: Clean, however no glasses in the bathroom. We had to take our drinks glasses from the bar and when the room was cleaned the next morning the dirty glasses were still left in the room. Toiletries had not been replaced also.Restaurant: Hotel Room styles were modern however Restaurant could not decide whether it was formal or turkish and menu was very English, a variety of styles in one area was very mismatched.Food: Very basic - Gastro pub style, however presentation and quality of food mediocre especially for £62 for two main courses and 2 deserts and a couple of drinks each.Service: Was not asked by staff after main course was delivered if it was OK, my husband finished his meal before me and his plate was taken while I was still eating mine, when I was finished we were not asked if we required dessert or coffee, I had to hunt down a member of staff to request dessert.Breakfast: Very Good, Staff Excellent, could teach the evening staff a thing or two about service.Reception: Communicated the above very politely when asked if our stay met with our expectations and staff did not make any comments to allay my fears that if I stayed again it would be any different.	
Sep 27 2008 	Lovely honeymoon	We booked the room a week before we left, as we never could make our mind up on where to go. So we were expecting a &quot;left overs&quot; room, but were pleasantly pleased to find a lovely room, on the third floor. (I can't remember the number). We were greated with champagne, a box of chocolates, and a chocolate cake. The room was also decorated with roses. The room was lovely, and so was the staff. Especially the manager in the indian restaurant, he was GREAT! The only thing that brought us down was that there was a huge mark on the television, which wouldn't go away, and the remote control didn't work properly. We did inform the staff, but they didn't fix it, but otherwise from that, we were very pleased!	
Sep 19 2008	Sent me to a different hotel on arrival	After investing time and effort trying to pick a good hotel to stay in, I was most annoyed when at check in they walk us round the corner to a completely different hotel. 'A problem with water in some rooms'. Looking at the booking cards I think overbooked may have been more accurate. Anyway.....I stayed at base-to-stay which was absolutely great. So the moral of the story is cut out the middle man and don't bother with the BW, book at base-to-stay.	
Aug 15 2008 	Pleasant Stay Overall	Best feature for this hotel would be its distance from the Earl's Court tube station, just about 2 minutes' walk literally. Earl's Court is in the District Line, which is linked to all major parts of London, and a direct route to Heathrow Airport too. We found that majorly convenient. The hotel room is a tad small, but not as cramped as we would have expected it to be. Plus points include the LCD panel, as well as the mirowave in room. The bathroom seemed newly refurbished, although the basin tap should have been slightly shorter we noticed. The tall one provided made it hard to wash up without splashing water all over the vanity top and walls. Another odd thing we realised about this hotel was with the bathrobes provided, they don't come with the tiebacks. We thought it was just an error the first time, but after a few times, we noted that perhaps the housekeeping staff was not very accustomed to bathrobes? :P Apart from that, service was ok, with the exception that they forgot to change our table lamp bulb despite us asking twice. We were due to leave the following day, so we let that slide anyway. Do take note that the hotel staff calls for a specially arranged cab service instead of the usual black cabs, and they don't come with taxi metres. We noted that the difference in fares came up to about GBP5 on average. Also, they are not highly punctual, so you would be better off just hailing a cab at the main road which is easy. Breakfast was the same every single morning, we were there for a little over 2 weeks. It was not bad, but if you are staying there for more than a week, you might find it too repetitive. Reception staff was pleasant overall, especially one by the name of Jessica. However, there was also one other staff which was sullen throughout, and might even appear stand-offish. We did not like her much. Another thing about this hotel is the elevator, do not bother pressing the open/close door buttons for the lift is as slow as it can get. It has got to be the slowest lift we have ever used in our lifetime. Imagine if it was a highrise hotel, oh boy. It will probably take us half an hour just to get to the 30th floor. Thank goodness we were only on the 3rd floor, not that this was a highrise hotel. Overall, hotel was ok for the price paid. We paid GBP65 per day, booked it direct with them. We do wish that they would have supplied us with the toiletries more often though, but instead they only replenished them twice in our entire 16 day stay. Cost saving on their part? For food, there are plenty of eateries just a stroll away, including a nice little Chinese take-away restaurant outside the hotel, which operates up to midnight. Even KFC and Nandos were around the corner, pretty convenient for the late night dinners. Would recommend this hotel to others, but do not expect luxury.	
Jul 6 2008 	A Satisfactory Stay	Getting to our room was a major expedition, through a rather confusing combination of stairways and corridors. But the room itself was spacious and comfortable. The staff usually were not native English speakers, so at times communication could be a little challenging. But they were most accommodating and eager to please.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great hotel shame about the construction at the time	Myself and my boyfriend were going to London for a city break, and found this hotel on the Londonnights website. The price seemed too good to be true for a 4 star hotel, so we booked it straight away. When we arrived, we couldn't actually find the hotel due to construcation works that were going on on the outside of the hotel. This was not mentioned when we booked the hotel. The staff were very friendly, the rooms lovely and modern, flat screen tvs and all. The only complaint that I had was that we were woken up with construction on one of the mornings. We did get a free breakfast for our troubles, so at least they acknowledged it. I'm presuming that the construction has finished (it's taken me a while to get around to writing this review!), and I would definitely go back knowing that it was. The restaurant was lovely, although we only had breakfast there, so not sure what it's like for dinner.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Location! Fabulous Club Rooms!	I stayed in a club room at this hotel on an amazing last minute deal.Room was very clean, spacious, huge plasma TV. FREE Wine, chocs, water, soft drinks fruit and roses in the room!Decent toiletries, bath and shower!Wonderful bed and plenty decent pillows.Breakfast plentiful.Air con wouldn't go lower than 18 degrees which was a bit of a downer....but otherwise cannot fault the hotel and the service I received.Great location less than 2 minute walk from Earls Court tube station!	
May 27 2008 	Overall Very Satisfied	I just returned from a 7 night stay at the BW Premier Shaftesbury London Kensington. After spending some serious time researching hotels in my price range ($170 a night excluding tax) I took a leap of faith and booked a double executive room for my wife and I. I was attracted to this hotel by its location to the tube and its modern look. Overall very satsfied.Positives:- On the same tube line as Heathrow Airport and other major areas in London (two different tube line come to the stop)- The hotel is a very short walk, 4 to 5mins, from the Earls Court tube station- Location was extremely convenient, safe and pleasant- The loby and outside facade were nice and clean- The front desk workers were kind, spoke english well, were helpful, and smiled- After calling the hotel in advance, we were allowed to check in early (10am)- Elevator was quick and worked well- Room was attractively furnished and looked like ALL the pictures, a very modern/chic european feel- Ammenities were nice and functional- No weird room smell and air condition worked perfectly- Fresh flowers in the room - Good size although I wasnt expecting it be large given regional standardsNeutral:- Room was very clean but not emmacualte- Refridgerator in room didnt get 'ice cold' - Our room was street side and on weekend nights you will occasionally hear boisterous people on the streets- Bed and pillows were not the most confortableNegative:- Sink in bathroom drained very very slow - after asking to repair nothing was doneOverall I would without doubt reccomend this to anyone seeking a hotel its price range. Some of the previous reviews for the hotel had me concerned before I left but rest assured it seems like the new management has fixed/resolved most of the previous reviewers concerns. This hotel/room was as nice as any near luxury hotel in the US.	
Apr 29 2008	Great reasonably priced place	Had a great deal - paid £59.00 for myself to stay the one night.Easy to access from Earls Court underground station and was upgraded to a double room on arrival.Rooms not overly large but more than adequate for myself.Large wall mounted lcd television, microwave, fridge and fruit in the room.Breakfast was plentiful, bedrooms and main areas very clean.Downfall was when asking at the reception desk for a taxi - a private mini car service was ordered for me rather than the black cabs; therefore the total journey in central London in the private taxi must have trebled in price! Would recommend and would stay again, especially with this rate.	
Apr 21 2008 	Good Value/Rooms Decor Nice	Just returned after long weekend, 3 nights in total.Excellent value for money for London.Staff helpful, although english not too hot!!!Would recommend staying on lower floors, as first room on 5th has very bad water pressure. We moved, and no problem.Just be aware wooden corners end of bed, left with some bruises!!!!!	
Apr 14 2008 	Smallest single room in the world!	Stayed at the Shaftesbury for two nights last week. It's in a good location, just a couple of minutes walk from Earls Court station.Reserved an 'executive single' online with ActiveHotels.com, Cost:£158.00 and had no problem checking in at 1.30pm. I was asked to pay the full amount straight away, and an imprint of my card was taken in case of any 'extras'.I did not pay for breakfast - at £15 it was far too expensive!I was given room 115 on the first floor, and discovered that it's the smallest single room in the world containing a bed and a very small desk with no room for a chair.(See photos)The room was very hot and a little musty (may have been a smoking room in the past) but luckily the air conditioning worked well.The bed was plenty big enough for one person - slightly larger than a single and fairly comfortable. There was a large stain on the padded headboard, but the sheets were spotless.The cupboard beside the bed contained a safe, spare blanket, ironing board, iron, a mini repair kit and shoe shine kit (the sort of things found in a xmas cracker!)On the small desk in the corner of the room there was a kettle and plenty of tea and coffee, and underneath the desk was a fridge containing 2 complimentary bottles of water. The bathroom was very nice, extremely clean although like the room it was very small. I had plenty of clean towels, and all were brand new, with the sticky 'quality control' labels still on them.Toiletries provided were by 'Gilchrist and Soames' (never heard of it!) - shower gel and hand wash dispensers were fixed to the walls and there were small samples on the shelf: soap, body lotion and a shower cap.The only problem with the bathroom is the position of the table that houses the wash basin - it sticks out too far which meant that I had to sit sideways on the loo because there was no room for my knees!The widescreen LCD TV is the biggest thing in the room, and space around the bed was so limited - I had to bend forward and shuffle sideways to move around it.My shins are covered in bruises!Free Tv channels were limited to about 6, plus a movie channel. Internet via the tv is free, but the wireless keyboard is fiddly to use.As a single female I was a little worried to see a connecting door - yes it was locked, but I had no idea if there was a key on the other side. I found out on the second night when a couple of loud (and possibly drunk) men checked into the next door room at about 11pm. They left and returned at about 2.30am, waking me up by turning their tv up and trying to get into my room! Luckily the door was locked on their side too. Bit disturbing though.I was also woken by a phone call from reception at 5.30*AM* asking me if I had called a cab! (I hadn't!)So, to summarise; Good points: clean bathroom, problem-free check-in, good location.Bad points: The room was far too small, too dark and the walls were very thin.Would I stay here again? ..probably not. To be comfortable I would want a double room for sole use, and I cannot justify the extra expense. For the same price I would rather stay longer in a Travelodge room with a saver rate of £26 per night!	
Apr 14 2008	Great Hotel/Location	Have just returned from weekend break to celebrate my daughters 21st . Booked through London Premier Hotels website. Cannot find fault with hotel. Room was large, very clean and all staff were helpful. Good variety for breakfast (english or continental). Great location - 2min walk from tube. Would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 29 2008 	can't complain	Thought this was fine. Close to tube, rooms clean and smart. No problems at all. Anyone who complains about the room sizes etc is far too fussy in my opinion. :) I had no complaints whatsoever.	
Mar 25 2008 	Well placed and smart hotel	Stayed for 1 night while working at Earls Court - hotel easy to find about 5-10 mins walk from Earls Court station. Spacious enough lobby for the size of the establishment, OK reception service and was upgraded to a club room on check in. Small lift and narrow corridors but room was large enough with kitchenette, ironing board, plasma TV and nice bright and clean bathroom. View was OK. Breakfast was fine. I would recommend for those on a medium budget requiring a fairly central location.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great find for exploring London	I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Shaftesbury Kensington and I thought it was great. Firstly, I got a really great rate by calling the hotel directly and was given an upgrade to an executive room without even asking.The room was small but for one person and after exhausting days crisscrossing London, it had many welcome benefits.I found the fridge and microwave very useful, the plasma was a bonus and there was internet access via the TV.Having noted that the room was small, it was nicely appointed,especially the bathroom.The staff were all very helpful and I certainly had no language difficulties with anyone working in the hotel.The location is super,a few minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station.There are many small restaurants right on your door step and I particularly liked No 10, a Chinese food restaurant.No this isn't the Ritz, but for the price I paid,I don't think you could beat it for value and comfort.	
Mar 21 2008 	Very good value and experience	We stayed in the Hogarth Rooms which were part of, but over the road from the main hotel. As we only paid just over £80 inc breakfast when everywhere else seemed to be over £100 we thought it might have been a bit grotty.But no-it was very good. From Reception to the quality of the room to breakfast we were very impressed. Room was smallish but very well equipped and quiet. Location was great too-we walked to the Albert Hall from there, and very handy for the tube at Earls Court We've stayed in some very ordinary hotels in London and paid a lot more than this.	
Mar 14 2008 	Small Bed Hot Room Awful Experience	I stayed at the Shaftesbury Kensington, now owned by Best Western, and was looking forward to staying at a 4 star hotel (rating by British Airways). I had stayed in several three-star hotels in the past, which were nice and clean, but I was looking for an upgrade this time around. The hotel itself misrepresents itself in their photos. I booked a room with a double bed for two people. They gave me a bed that was larger than a twin but much smaller than a double. Two average-sized people could not lie side by side. The room was extrememly hot, and even though were were there in February, we had to turn the Air Conditioner on as well as prop the window open.The hotel staff was not helpful, they charged me for a phone call that I had made with an international calling card, and overall the hotel experience was awful.Perhaps the worst part of the entire trip was when we noticed that many of the doors that open to the outside of the hotel were propped open. We wondered why the hotel would be so unsafe? One night we tried to leave to to the theater and used a side entrance, one of the doors that was propped open. Right outside the door was a giant hole in the ground. Thank goodness we dodged the hole and no one got hurt.It's obvious Best Western has not had a chance to remodel the hotel yet, and boy, do they have their hands full.	
Mar 11 2008	Great for the Price	I found this hotel when the weekend prices at another hotel forced me to look harder and find a better value. The hotel is easily reached by leaving the Earl's Court Underground station on the Earl's Court Rd side, and walking up Hogarth Rd a long city block. Some of the other properties in the neighborhood made me worry about what I was getting into, but when I got to the hotel, my anxiety receded. My room was on an upper floor, and quite a ways from the elevator. I had a lot of luggage, and the narrow halls were a bit of a challenge. The room was an average European hotel room. Small, and clean, but with a great plasma television and internet access that works. I did not try the hotel restaurant opting to go down to Earl's Ct Rd and find a hopping pub, in this case the Earl's Ct pub a few blocks away from the Underground station. The locals seemed to flock to it to get a pint, and the food was good as well.I will probably use this hotel again due to its easy access, the feel of the neighborhood, and the quality of the room for the price.	
Mar 5 2008 	Ah these London hotels...	I stayed here by accident. I had booked a hotel close to Paddington station so that it would be convenient to catch the Heathrow Express. But when I got to my hotel, I was told there had been some problem with the boiler, and I had to be relocated here. They paid the taxi fare and I had no other choice. When I got here, I was given a very small basement room in an adjacent building a bit far from the reception. I complained about the dungeon I was at and I was moved to a ground floor room with a bit more space. You could tell from the hotel furnishing that it did just enough to earn the four star rating. This is one of those London hotels that make you pay for every square inch of space they give you and you can't help but feel a little ripped off. One good thing about this hotel is that it is conveniently located right next door to Earl's Court station.	
Feb 29 2008 	great location	Great location, right on bustling Shaftesbury Avenue - 5 min walk for Leicester Sq tube, 10 mins to Covent Garden.Paid £120 for a double room, no breakfast, and I think it is great value at this (discounted rate, but easily found available on late booking sites). An above average best western, the rooms are boutique in style, very comfortable beds, good facilities (incl TV in bathroom). Our room overlooked a garden area which was filled with people (possibly a private party?) so slightly noisy, but still slept fine.Staff polite and helpful. Didn't there, but breakfast available at around £12, but there are lots of cafes on Shaftesbury Av serving good breakfasts so would advise eating out.Exceptional value for money for such a great location	
Feb 26 2008 	Quality hotel for the flexible traveler	Just back from the Best Western Kensington Shaftsbury hotel on Hogarth St. after four night stay. Found out about this hotel via a travelocity flight deal promoting this hotel and 3 others. Chose this one after consulting a local friend. First time to London so everything arranged blindly...I'd recommend this hotel for travelers who are flexible, patient, appreciative of reasonable accomodations. It's not the Ritz but it's not a hostel either. That's not a ringing endorsement, I know, but as a person who appreciates nicer lodging accomodations usually and has traveled significantly the last 3 yrs around the US, Carribean, and Hawaii, I feel qualified enough to be fair and honest at the same time. We arrived early morning into Heathrow and bought an Oyster transportation card for 20 pounds which was perfect for our stay as we only traveled by underground rail around the city. Our overnight flight was at the end of the work day and thus we were tired, didn't sleep well on the flight, had luggage in hand, and were just hoping for a &quot;decent&quot; experience the next four days. Check in was fine, the staff didn't speak english well so some of our conversation was a struggle, especially given that we were tired and couldn't check in till 2pm. Ethnic backgrounds of hotel staff resulted in some of our conversations being lost in translation, but they're patient and willing to help you with your questions. Bellman took our bags till our room was ready which alleviated dragging them around and the hotel is extremely close the the underground station by Earls Court. I will say that overall, I was pleasantly surprised by this property. Anxiously expecting a stereotypical small room in a hole-in-the-wall hotel, we found this hotel to be comfortable, with recently remodeled rooms using updated furnishings (i.e. marble bathroom tiling/walls, dark wood styled cabinets, doors, desk [bed was used as chair] and walls. Ceiling to floor cushioned bed headboard, four pillows and extra wool blanket in closet, flat screen tv, mini-fridge/microwave in room, and large bathroom bowl style sink. Between the bed, floor lamp, desk, cabinet, single chair, bedside tables, and luggage rack, there was very little room to walk around but having logged MANY miles through the city all day, the room was a perfect oasis for us to come home to, shower, and fall into bed to unwind. With a comfortable bed, modern room with carpeting, clean up-to-date bathroom, blackout curtains, and generally a quiet place although doors didn't muffle the noise within your individually sectioned off hallways if/when created, usually allowed us to get a restful sleep each night. They do have a small gym but it's functional if you're creative as it offered three basic aerobic machine options, a universal machine set, water tank, clean towels, and 7 dumbell sets up to 10kg. Our package offered a complimentary daily unlimited continental breakfast buffet in a morroccon themed restaurant and bar area which was nicer than expected and gave us plenty of food before our daily touring. Seemed to be open late, although rarely anyone in it, if you like having a nightcap before turning in. Nothing else to note as this hotel is a &quot;just the basics&quot; type place as most Best Western hotels are designed as such in the US.	
Feb 21 2008	excellent value for money	this is a well situated hotel, 3 mins. from Earls Court Tube station with lots of local shops, restaurants, pubs within walking distance. Have stayed 3 times at this hotel and all rooms appear to have been refurbished although several don't have a window but are quite large and airy. Staff very helpful and always polite &amp; well mannered. Very good value for London prices.	
Jan 31 2008 	It wasn't that bad!	This wasn't as bad as some of the reviews here say. I found the staff helpful, but very un-organized. At least when we checked in. Having said that, we checked in at the same time as 15 people were leaving the hotel so that might have had something to do with it. The staff is east european/indian and the hotel has a slight feel of asia about it.We were 8 people staying at the hotel. All with double rooms. 1 couple on the first floor (that was us), 2 in the basement and 1 couple in the second building of the hotel. The rooms in the basement seemed to be slightly larger as they had no window or a very small window (as if they compensated with size) and the room service over at the second building wasn't as good as in the main building. Anyhow, that's all I know of their rooms and can therefor only share the views about ours.The room on the first floor was small but very clean on arrival and we found it satisfactory. Although, the daily cleaning service was crap! They made the bed, but didn't refill toilet rolls (had to go to reception for that), didn't throw out empty waterbottles etc.. Also, in our room, the Internet or Movie Service didn't work. But we did have a telly in our bathroom :). Very nice!Otherwise, I must say this is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in, in Britain. Especially since we got a sweet deal of £65 per night/room.Breakfast was not included, but who needs that when Earls Court Road is just around the corner with 2 shops, 5 cafés, BK, McD, Subway and KFC.And last but not least, in the alley behind Hogarth Road is a quaint little French restaurant with lovely food at very low prices (3 course meal for £9.95) and a great pub just across the restaurant!	
Jan 26 2008 	Excellent stay and a great location	4 of us stayed for 5 nights whilst working at Olympia. I booked single rooms which are small but this is as i expected in central London. The rooms are really nice with plasma screen tvs and we found all the staff pleasant, helpful and quick to respond at breakfast, in the bar and at reception. The breakfast was self service even the bacon etc which when you are working is great as you don't have to wait and the tea and coffee was served immediately. The location of the hotel is great set in a road with lovely houses and close to the tube station at Earls Court. There are shops and restaurants all near by near to the tube station. If you want a hotel near to Earls Court and Olympia this would be a good choice. We have all decided that will will book again for next year.	
Jan 23 2008 	Really impressed!	Friendly staff, central but quiet location and massive, nicely decorated room! We booked this online for £99 and so expected a pokey room in a down market hotel. However, we were pleasantly surprised (in fact I think maybe we were unwittingly upgraded) - we were given a 'Clubroom' which was really big. The bathroom is lovely, there is a plasma screen TV and a super super super king size bed. The staff were lovely and helpful, happily allowing me to check my email on their computer and to print out my travel documents. The hotel is located 100 metres from Earls Court underground and so is close to the hustle and bustle, but strangely the street it is on is extremely quiet. Definitely recommended - we plan to stay there again in a couple of weeks' time.	
Jan 11 2008	great stay for London in a good price	Anastasia, Aathens-GreeceIt was a very good hotel, in a great place, clean with a beautiful decoration. We did not come up on any problems although reading the reviews from other travelers I expected the worse.Before arriving at the hotel I had confirmed my reservation by phone and I had asked them not to give me a roon in the basement ( there are some rooms in the basement that are not good), so u can do the same thing in order to avoid surprises.	
Dec 19 2007 	Good deal by London Standards anyway....	What appears from the website to be a large hotel is actually a small scale modern building hardly overwhelming to its historic rowhouse settting, but certainly different, especially with its hue of purple lighting at night. I liked the area, which is slightly out of the way and more working class, although near some of the nicer areas of London. I had read that the hotel had undergone a total renovation, but this wasn’t evident upon arrival as the lobby appeared to be vintage 60’s and felt a bit worn around the edges. I soon found that most of the renovation funds went into all of the other parts of the hotel, including the guest rooms which was a pleasant surprise I booked over the internet and never received a confirmation. After repeated emails, which were not returned, I phoned London. The customer service rep was friendly and confirmed everything, but this was still an inconvenience. I then joined the hotel loyalty program and requested a room upgrade from the single I reserved, which I was granted, atlho I didn’t know that until I arrived. My room, overlooking the street was compact (so typical of London) but nicely furnished, with a small, yet well designed bathroom. Finishes were luxurious in nature and I appreciated the tea/coffee service as well as the fresh fruit upon arrival- a perk of the loyalty program although a bowl of fruit is also available in the lobby - a welcome touch after walking all day. Breakfast is taken in the hotel restaurant, which is contemporary and especially bright and airy in the morning. Full English breakfast, which was included in my rate, was served buffet style and was better than most I have experienced. The staff was generally friendly but English challenged and couldn’t provide much assistance in terms of information (there is no concierge even tho this is rated at 4*). There is a PC available for internet if you don’t have your laptop. The fitness center is miniscule, but actually served me well as all equipment was operational- I was the only person I saw using it. Since I noticed that there were 2 basement floors of rooms, I was glad to be on the 4th floor with a window to enjoy the pleasant weather. That was, until the fire alarm…….we were awakened one night at 4am by a bogus fire alarm, which forced all of us out of bed, down the stairs and onto the sidewalk. The staff didn’t know how to stop it as it apparently was generated by a glitch in the interconnected system with their sister hotel across the street. We finally returned to our rooms after about 45 minutes. I am not sure how frequent of a problem this is, but certainly was a major inconvenience. I did not feel that the staff was prepared to handle the problem and no apologies or explanations were given- not even the next morning. Additionally, most of the hallway lighting didn’t work the next day and one needed to fumble with their card to get into the room. Had this not occurred, I would have rated most of the hotels features at either 4 or 5, but reduced my ratings slightly in light of these problems. All this being said, I would probably stay here again- with fingers crossed that there are no repeat glitches or worse yet, a real emergency!Tip: There are at least 3 websites to book this hotel and one of them had a significantly lower rate for my room. Check around carefully. Join their Premiere Club program and request an upgrade, even if it’s for only 1 time. Also, there are a myriad of Shaftesbury hotels in London and some of the others seem to be mixed in with the review of this hotel	
Dec 17 2007 	Excellent London hotel	I was a bit scared about this hotel after reading some reviews here on Tripadvisor. Well after them I was really positively suprised that the hotel was so nice. Hotel room was really nice and well decorated. Flat screen tv, microwave and a freezer were really nice things as it was really hot outside and we could keep our drinks cold and heat our food. Air conditioning was also really effective and we really enjoyed it. Free newspaper was also server in front of our room door every day(except Sunday). There was also a fruit basket waiting in the room when we arrived.The only problem was with the shower that in some occation gave only cold water. We called the reception, but I don´t think they even responded to that thing. Location is excellent, Earls Court station is just few hundred meters away. There are nice pubs and a few shops near the station. Bus service also runs near, so it´s easy to reach Harrods or just Hyde Park from here by a dobbeldecker.	
Dec 10 2007 	Good Value	Hotel is located at 33-37 Hogarth Road in Earl's Court.We stayed 7 nights in a Club Room package. This included breakfast and evening snacks and turn down service. Hotel is with in easy walking distance of Earl's Court underground station with excellent access from Heathrow and to the center of the city via the Piccadilly line. We were in London to see museums and theatre.Room was a little larger than typical hotel rooms in this area and price range but still small by N.A. standards. Room was very quiet and clean except for the carpets, but they provide slippers and robes. Bed (a little too firm for us) and bath room( good size and very modern) were clean and comfortable to use (no mold or dampness). Good towels. Breakfasts were excellent with good variety, hot (bacon sausages eggs etc.) and cold (cereals etc) , good quality, and included fresh fruit, pastries and coffee.Staff was friendly and helpful but service was a little &quot;sketchy&quot; at times if you were waiting for them to anticipate a need to attend to a regular chore (e.g. remove newspapers from room, provide fresh face clothes etc).We would stay there again.	
Nov 26 2007 	One word shoddy!	When we arrived there were people in our room (presumably staff but who knows) who bustled past us and out the door without explanation.Not only was there no loo roll but no loo roll holder. The bathroom fittings were cheap, the taps broke into pieces and the shower had to be taken apart by a maintenance man before it would produce hot water and even then it was only one temperature.The hotel cleaner barged into our room before 9am on the Sunday morning despite there being a do not disturb sign hanging on the door. The hotel manager tried to explain away the lameness of the hotel by saying it was 4* accomodation not a 4* hotel. If that's the case somebody needs to change their website as it clearly says &quot;The Shaftesbury Kensington has been fully refurbished as 4* boutique hotel complete with luxurious features that guests have been expecting.&quot;Total nonsense, this place is more travelodge than boutique!	
Nov 13 2007 	Nice. Good location value for money	This hotel is nice and clean. The staff are friendly and helpful, ok there are some foreign staff working here, we had to show one member of staff what a bottle of wine was when we ordered one, as he didn't understand us, but it didn't bother us. The room is modern and trendy, and very clean. Unfortunately, it is really small, and i kept knocking my legs against the wooden base and corners of the bed frame, be ready for some bruises! There really isn't any room to swing a cat in the room ( not that i would! ) but it is clean. The hotel is in a good location, turn left and you have a 5 minute walk towards Sainsbury's, a couple of restaurants, and Garfunkel's ,which serves a lovely english breakfast, is reasonably priced and has good service, it's also close to Waitrose,Tesco Express,Boots,a couple of coffee bars and a bakery, and Gloucester Rd Tube Station. Turn right and you are literally in Earls Court. I shouldn't really complain about this hotel, in comparison to other hotels in the area it's really nice,the staff were very helpful, it has everything you need - laundry service, bar area etc, the staff couldn't do enough for us., and with the local amenities, it really is in a good location and value for money. Despite the bed, and it not really being a double - more like a large single! I would stay again.	
Sep 26 2007 	Excellent location.	We stayed at this hotel from September 8-16, 2007.It was clean with small ,but modern rooms. Our room was in the basement but had a large window, probably a former entranceway.Our room was ready upon arrival at 7:30 am after our transatlantic flight.Continental breakfast was included with our package. There was a fair amount of variety and the restaurant staff seemed friendly.Some of the front desk staff seemed a little detached.The big plus for us was location. The hotel is a very short walk to the Earl's Court tube station. This station is on several of the major lines going into central London. There were also a wealth of really excellent small restaurants on Earl's Court road as well as Hogarth Road.We liked our stay at this hotel, we thought it was good value for what we payed. We would recommend the hotel, even if solely based on location.	
Sep 24 2007	Nice convientent for small business consultant	I have stayed at this hotel a few times. The rooms are small (per London norm), but is they are clean, well maintained, and have good broadband internet access that is free. The desk for working works well for using a laptop (normally have to move things off the desk to work) and has a bit extra room.The location is quite convenient to Earls Court Tube station. The neighborhood has many food good food options and has many of the necessities, including a small office supply store within a really short walk. The neighborhood has many people out socializing near the Tube station, which seems to add a good feeling of safety.	
Aug 27 2007 	Smart but some issues	This hotel is lovely and clean and so handy right almost next door to the theatre and opposite China town; fab food there. I have two complaints that if you book on their own web site it works out 50 GBP cheaper than through the hotel booking agent. My second complaint was that they never got us in to the room until almost 1420 so we sat in the foyer just waiting. The foreign girl (tall) who greeted us made us feel as if she was doing us a favour with her haughty attitude; she didn't even say I'm sorry but your room will be a little late being ready please can I get you something while you're waiting. She just didn't care about us. There were two other (short) members of staff who were excellent and saved the day with their people skills. The room was great but when I booked we spoke to the hotel who said we will give you a back of the hotel room where it is peaceful; they didn't do this we were at the front but it was ok anyway. The breakfast was good and worth having. I would stay there again but that female would be the only problem I think. It was my 60th Birthday so a special day that started off with some disappointment. Bus stops just over the road to the city and underground just round the corner so great all round in that respect.	
Aug 21 2007	Fantastic Hotel For Price!!	I must admit, i was extemely aprehensive about booking this hotel for a 1 night stay in London after reading some of the horror stories on this website, however I was very impressed with the whole experience. I booked two double deluxe rooms through a website called premierhotels and couldn't believe the discounts that were available. We managed to get both rooms including a full &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast on a monday for £150. I booked this as a surprise for my parents and my fiancee so was really after something a bit special without paying out hundreds of pounds. Prior to arriving to the hotel I contacted the reception staff to see if it was possible to drop off our luggage before our check in time of 15:00hrs. I was informed this wouldn't be a problem. When we arrived at the hotel,the staff were helpfull and polite and gave us our rooms early so we could store our luggage. We were very impressed with the standard of our rooms, nice touches which weren't typical of other hotels we had stayed in such as LCD TV, internet, microwave and a nice decor. As the hotel doesn't provide car parking facilities we managed to park our vehicle in the marriot hotel NCP car park literaly across the road on Cromwell Road at a rate of £26.00 for a 24 hour period. We also payed for the conjestion charge here,£8.00 for a 24 hour period.The main reason for our visit was to watch &quot;Billy Elliot&quot; at the Victoria Palace Theatre, which was several km away. We unfortuntely was ripped off by a private hire taxi firm which the hotel booked for us. We ended up paying £16.00. Stick the the black cabs, this was only £10.00 for our return trip after the thetare.The breakfast which is normally £15.00 per person was excellent. There was a great selection and was thoroughly enjoyed by all.I would definately recommend this hotel to friends and family. A 4 * hotel located in Kensington for £75.00 per room including breakfast is excellent value for money !!!	
Aug 18 2007 	Fantastic Surprise!	We booked a standard double room at last minute prices, and after reading the reviews on this site were expecting a fairly average hotel. How plesently wrong were we! After a hellish 25 hour international flight we arrived at the hotel at 7am - with check in at 2pm we were anticipating a painful wait - however the friendly staff allowed us to check in to our room right away at no extra charge. The room we booked turned out to be in the basement, but unless you are obsessed with views I don't consider this a drawback at all - it is very quiet and great for catching up on sleep. The rooms are very tastefully decorated, with wood panelling, soft lighting and a massive flat screen television - plenty of space for 2 adults with 2 large suitcases. Rooms also contain (among other things) a bar fridge, a microwave and a safe, and we had a big bathroom (with bath) to wash away travel stress. Another benefit is the location - so close to the underground, very easy to get to from Heathrow, and lots of cafes and shops near by. Highly recommended - we thought it was fantastic value for money.	
Aug 11 2007 	Never Ever Again	I was disappointed to say the very least. I have stayed in the hotel previously and was impressed with the last stay. I booked two single rooms this time via an online site. We arrived and checked into our rooms without incident. I then turned on the TV for my usual news check, just to find that the nice TV in the 4 Star hotel was not working. I immediately informed the front desk and they said it would be seen to. We returned to the hotel later that night and the TV was still not working. I called the front desk again and they said it would be resolved.I spent two nights in the hotel without a functioning TV. They did not give me an alternative room. They did not pass a credit to my account. They did not apologize for the inconvenience, unhappiness and frustration. All they did was lie. They told me that none of the TV’s in the hotel were functioning, obviously not knowing that I had in fact booked two rooms in the hotel and the one TV was working flawlessly.Don’t waste your time and money with this hotel.	
Aug 10 2007	Most Horrible Experience	We requested a room with 2 beds and our agency confirmed this before we left for our vacation. Upon arrival, we were informed that there are no rooms with 2 beds available. The front desk later said there is a room and proceeded to show us this room with 2 beds. When we said its fine, we will take it, the manager on duty said NO, there are technical repairs being done and cannot give us the room. We said we can just move to a different hotel and the front desk clerk then said there will be a room available for us tomorrow and that we can stay one night in a single room first. He then said that they will move our luggages to the new room as it becomes available by 2PM the next day. We consented to stay that night since a room with 2 beds will be avail next day. Next day arrives and the manager chnges his mind again and REFUSES to give us the promised room saying that it is now unavailable. However, if we pay an extra $60 per night, one is available! SOMETHING FISHY HERE so I called our agency who confirmed that there should be no extra charges! FELT SO HELPLESS and I did not want to ruin our vacation so we moved out to another much nicer hotel who is not out to CON us!	
Jul 25 2007	Stay somewhere else.	I'm not one to rant about everything, but good grief - don't stay in this place. Whilst the rooms are a fair enough size, the uselessness and grumpiness of the largely East European staff detracts from what would still only be an average 3-star hotel.Here are some reasons not to stay:* Breakfast isn't included* The TV movies and internet connections - in my room at least - didn't work* I asked for assistance with the in-room broadband, two days running, and no-one ever managed the five-step expedition to my room* On my last day, I stored my bags post checkout, including some medication (in the fridge) and some freezer bag ice bars in a freezer (related to the medication). When I came back in the afternoon, I spent half an hour waiting around, getting later and later for my flight, whilst the staff slowly came to the realisation that they had lost these ice packs (how many freezers do they have in such a small hotel eh?). I persuaded them to give me a bag of ice, which they did grudgingly.* As I checked out, 4 Russian guys turned up, and were told their rooms were not in that hotel, but across the road (at basement level). They didn't stay. In conclusion, there are so many hotels in London, don't waste a penny on this place.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Room And Service	Great location right in the West End on Shaftesbury Avenue. Chinatown right across the street, Covent Garden 5 minute walk and Regent Street 5 minute walk.We were in room 302 which was at the front of the hotel on the 4th floor. I turned the air-con unit on as soon as we checked in and thiskept the room beautifully cool. We had a four-poster room which was a good size with a very comfortable bed and large bathroom with plasma tv set in the tiles!!! Great!!!The room was very clean and modern and well equipped with tea/coffee making faciliies, biscuits, bowl of fruit, large fridge, hairdryer and newspaper devlivered daily.No complaints at all about this hotel and would stay there again to be close to all the action. Also with the air-con on there was no traffic noise from outside to keep you awake.	
Jul 12 2007 	Hot Little Hotel!!	Stayed at the Shaftsbury Kensington for 2 nights in June. After reading some of the reviews on TripAdvisor I was rather worried about the hotel standard. I was more than pleasantly surprised. We had a second floor room Rm 212 which was recently refurbished with quality fittings. Although the room was on the small side it was lovely. Bed comfortable, bath and bedding very clean, plenty of coathangers (never usually enough) and overall a great little room. My only criticism if there needs to be one was that it was a little too warm, the air conditioning system had to work hard to cope (but would be great in winter) Very convenient for Tube Station and Earls Court. Plenty of restaurants around and pubs too. Service was good and buffet breakfast was plentiful and varied. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good value for money in London	The hotel is very close to the Earl's Court tube station and offers very good value for money. Rooms can be a little on the small side but are beautifully furnished with plasma screen tv's and very upmarket bathrooms some with just a shower and others with full bath and shower. Fruit platters in the room which also has a fridge and a microwave. Very clean hotel, efficient front desk staff and good restaurant.Highly recommend this hotel expecially in view of what other accommodation is available in Earl's Court.	
Jul 6 2007 	One night in a perfectly acceptable cupboard	There were no double rooms available for the date we required but we were promised an executive single with double bed on arrival. When we checked in we were taken to accommodation across the road from the main hotel and taken to a very nice, but very small room with a single bed. So we returned to reception to see what could be done and were reallocated another small room in the basement with a three quarter bed - not great, but an improvement. Rooms seem to be decorated and furnished to a good standard. The bathroom was of reasonable size and quite nice with an acceptable level of cleanliness and good supply of towels. The breakfast was expensive at nearly £10 but of a good standard, except that everthing was pretty cold by 8am. We found it reasonably quiet for London, with the windows closed (which were absolutely filthy from the outside). Our basement room was at street level, so not much privacy. Apart from being quite cramped, everthing just fine.	
Jul 3 2007 	Two stars at most	The 4-star rating is undeserved. This place is overcharging shamelessly (We stayed 5 nights at @360 per night,no breakfast!) The hotel is conveniently located -- close to theaters and good bookstores, but it is ALSO facing a fire-station and the noise of the fire engines is as piercing as it is unpredictable. Windows isolate some of the horrendous continuous rumble and noise, but with no working air-conditioning (we kept hearing conflicting accounts of why the air-conditioner was not functiong), the small room got very stuffy very fast. We had requested a quiet room -- no such luck. The bathroom toiletries were third-rate -- shampoo yes, but no hair- conditioner, an open bottle of lotion which was not replaced in five days, no trouser-press, an &quot;upgraded room&quot; which had no TV for the first 24 hours and the movie option was not available at all, very limited TV channels. We had booked through Best Western, expecting to pay as we checked out, but the whole stay was charged on arrival -- we were told that guests had &quot;escaped&quot; and it was the hotel policy to charge the whole sum in advance -- this is a fair mesure of how confident the management is that people will stay in their place. We would have moved out had we not been charged in advance. Some of the staff was very eager to be helpful (especially the concierge Peter), but also helpless in view of the technical problems.	
Jun 26 2007 	Very reasonable nice rooms friendly staff.	Me and my girlfriend booked here after reading searching long and hard for a reasonbly priced hotel that wasn't rubbish. We found this for £40 each per night and were extremely satisfied. I'll start off with the one bad point, and i doubt it'll be a bad point for you; the reason we went to London was to watch a concert that took place on hyde park, all the information about this hotel stated that it was in walking distance of Hyde Park, this is not true (it is if you're up for a long walk of about an hour!!). This was annoying as we knew the tubes would be packed with fellow concert goers. As mentioned, this is only a problem if you require to be in walking distance of hyde park. For everywhere else in London the location is great as it is literelly a one minute walk from Earls Court tube station. We checked in no problem and paid on arrival. We then got directed to our room by a porter. We were in room 6, and our porter lead us downstairs, which straight away i knew meant bad news. I had read a review on here saying that they had stayed here and had a basement room, i.e. no window! As he lead us down the steps we walked into the room and it was very dark and dull. Thaks to the review i'd read i had specifically requested a higher room with a view. I phoned reception and they sent the porter down to us with another key card for room 114, we walked up and were really happy. This room was bigger, a huge window!Both rooms had a huge plasma tv, a fridge, a comforatble bed, hair dryer, coffee etc etc and a random microwave tucked in a cupboard which was a bonus.I would definatley recommend this hotel but you need to request one of the higher rooms as it really makes a difference!	
Jun 26 2007 	Really nice hotel for london	Have just return from my visit to the hotel. I was very worried about staying at the hotel after reading previous review on here.When we arrived at the hotel, the reception staff were very friendly. We stayed in room 101 which was really nice (I hadn't mention the bad reviews to my other half) and he was so pleased with the room. We didn't have much of view, but what do you expect in the city?! The room had air con which kept the room at a nice temp. The only one little thing that was wrong in the room was the television reception was not the best that I have seen.The breakfast in the morning was really nice, hot and lots to choose from. It was a nice change to get a pot of tea &amp; coffee instead of the waiter coming to fill the cup up every now &amp; again.Would defiently stop at the hotel again	
Jun 25 2007 	Good hotel not great	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in June . Found hotel very easily from airport using the tube, which is only down the street. I'll start with the positives hotel was nicely decorated as was the room, with plasma TV, fridge and microwave.Bad things, our room was in the basement below street level which I thought might make it quieter but didn't. First of all everbody seemed to enjoy slamming doors including the cleaners which mad our room walls shake, the tube line must run right underneath the hotel because you could hear it in our room. Other thing was everything seemed broken bout four lightbulbs were out in our room, the TV in the bathroom wouldn't work and the movie channels on the TV wouldn't work.Apart from the moans it was a good hotel. Wouldn't say it was a 4 star.	
Jun 14 2007	Shaftsbury Kensington a pleasant surprise	Taxi driver didn't know this hotel or street location, which didn't inspire confidence that we had made a good choice!Pleasantly surprised however, and impressed by friendly staff and decor/amenities provided in room - plasma screen tv and chic modern bathroom, also fridge and microwave. Good location - only a few minutes walk from Earls Court underground station. Would definately use this hotel again.	
Jun 11 2007 	Not as bad as recent posts suggest	i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in mid-may with my father on a mini vacation. the pros? just a block and half down the road to the earl's court tube which has the piccadilly and district line...very convenient. the room was small but modern and well put together. a couple may not mind the size but i did feel like i could kill my father in there at times. the room was clean and had no hair or anything gross that i could find whatsoever. the towels were big and clean, the bathroom was suitable. id just advise you to bring yr own toilettries as the ones they provided were pretty terrible. the cons? the neighborhood is a bit boring so dont plan on finding many great places in walking distance. its safe but boring. we paid approximately $165-180 US$ per night here...the price seemed to go up to around $220 or so...for what we paid, I was relatively pleased with the hotel. Any more and I would have been quite disappointed. I'd prefer to stay in an area a bit closer to things next time around.	
May 29 2007 	awful	stayed first week of May. Room was ok, not great or really worth the price. TV didn't work. Hotel staff infomed me that a previous guest had smashed it a week before but they didn't get it fixed. Lots of problems with hotel staff at front desk. Very unfriendly and not willing to help. The employees didn't seem capable of handling complaints and resorted to arguing with me and very rude about it.	
May 28 2007 	Advice to the staff -- Don't lie to a returning guest!!	I stayed at this hotel last year and had a wonderful stay in a spacious nicely decorated modern room. So this time around I booked the same room type (the double room), and expected the same thing as last year. I was horrified to open the door and found myself in the tiniest hotel room I have ever seen!! This is definitely a single room, I know this because my friend booked the single room last year while I booked the double, so I know the difference. This room (114) is so small you can't even open the cupboard door, they couldn't even fit a chair in here so you have to sit at the foot of the bed to use the desk. The minibar also cannot be open properly because the bed is too close to it. If you put your suitcase on the floor you will not be able to walk around the room. It is THAT small. So I went to the reception and asked to be changed to a double room, which I booked and rightly deserve to be in. They told me that the room I have is indeed a double room. No no, I said, I was in a double room last year so I know how big that's supposed to be. They insisted that my room last time was an &quot;executive double&quot; while I got the &quot;standard double&quot; this time. They were just nice to me last year and gave me a free upgrade. Well, guess what, there's no such thing as executive or standard double on their website, or any other website you can book this hotel through. There's only double or single. And since I saw the single room my friend had last year, they were blatantly lying through their teeth as if I would never know!! I mean, if you are full and messed up the bookings then tell me about it, if you are going to downgrade me and don't pretend it's what I'm supposed to get and insist on charging me the same rate!! I demanded that this is not right and to be changed to a bigger room. They showed me 3 other rooms, first one was even smaller than mine, the other 2 were slightly bigger, they weren't the same size as each other either, but one was on the ground floor next to the lobby and looked really old and not renovated like the other rooms in the hotel. The last one was a basement room with no window. IS THERE NO CONSISTENCY OR STANDARD HERE?? Why don't you make all the rooms within the same category the same?? Or at least as similar as you can? After looking at their fire escape plan, here is my conclusion: if you are able to get the rooms on the first to fourth floor with the last 2 digits not exceeding 09 (eg 308, 206, 403) you should be fine. However, if your room number's last 2 digits exceed 09 (eg. 212, 114, 315) you will end up in the &quot;extended&quot; part of the building, which you should avoid at all costs. As I am not a big fan of gambling, I don't think I would take my chances with getting one of the good rooms here so I will not be coming back again.	
May 24 2007	Nice Hotel	Two of us stayed at this hotel at the end of April 2007 for 3 nights.The hotel is situated very close to Earl's Court Tube (on the edge of Zone 1) which is very handy for exploring London, as we found out.Reception and Staff very friendly. We were staying at the back of the hotel. Must say the room was small for the price with not much of a view but as we were out most of the day, this did not bother us. Modern decor, Flat Screen T-V, Microwave, Tea and Coffee every day, free newspaper, daily maid service.We had a continental breakfast with lots to choose from which was lovely.Really we could not fault this hotel and would definitely consider going back.	
May 14 2007 	absolute worst ever	booked 2 rooms for May4th- 5night stay. Arrive early and only one room ready. Told that the 2nd room would only be ready later. Verified that breakfast was included for both rooms-they only showed for one. Gave proof of printout from reservation site and they changed it. Informed reception that missing luggage from airport may be arriving, gave name of guest and asked that they accept it. It arrived later in the day and was refused at hotel and sent to other bw Shaftesbury London where they took down all the info and phone # for courrier if we contacted them. This hotel refused to admit that they refused luggage despite proof from other hotel. Arrived back to check in for 2nd room and told at first that there was nothing in the computer. After insisting, clerk checked paperwork and found room. Room was horrible- blood stained walls. Asked to switch room in morning, told I would have one room but when returned in afternoon the room had been given to someone else. Given other room with balcony- window wouldn't close completely and bottom wouldn't open so noise really loud at night and couldn't use balcony. Asked to be changed again and given another room where window didn't close. Asked to have window fixed- staff put a note on the window to say it doesn't close. Noise unbearable. All 3 rooms had permanent stains on comforters and hair on sheets. Only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the breakfast was very good. The reservation system is atrocious. Not worthy of Premier name.	
Apr 30 2007 	Never again	When I arrived at the Best Western Premier Shaftesbury London Kensington it appeared that the Hotel, due to &quot;some problems with the boiler&quot; did not have a room for me, in spite of my reservation. The reception was not at all welcoming, and rather impolite. Some of my colleges were received in the same manner. After some phone calls I was sent to another small hotel just across the street, where the only welcome greeting was a request to pay in advance. Luckily I refused to do so, and insisted on having a look at the room first. The room was incredibly small, bad furnished, seemed dirty, andwas totally unacceptable, so I declined. I went back to Best Western Premier Shaftesbury and insisted on their getting me a room of the same standard that I had ordered. I was asked to sit in the bar while waiting, and after about 1,5 hours, I was given a room in another location across the street. This room was clean and tidy, with new furniture a nice bathroom, and a very good and silent air-condition. The bed was comfy too. So after an unpleasant start, where the level of professionalism and serviceleft much to be desired, it all ended quite well. But according to other reviews on Trip Advisor it is not uncommon for this hotel to send guest to other locations, and I will not risk booking at this hotel again.	
Apr 26 2007 	very nice	I read several reviews saying the hotel room was very small, I did not find this to be the case.I thought the room was decorated very nicely and was a good size.I had not problems during my stay here and would book this hotel again if I was to return to London.i found the hotel very easily and it is across the road from Earls Ct tube station.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great hotel for the price	This is a great hotel for the price and the location is not bad since the train station is only a block away from the hotel. We booked the hotel around February for our March trip so the prices were still very reasonable. I saw the good reviews and the candid photos and I was sold. When we got there it was exactly how it looked like in the photos, nicely decorated and clean. True it was a little bit small but we didn't mind since we were out and about most of the time anyway. The only setback was the itty-bitty elevator (Thank goodness we were on the first floor!) . But overall this was a great find and would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 2 2007 	Cute Clean and modern.	Stayed here on Business for 2 nights. Very Handy for Tube as it is only a 5 min walk from earls court. Check-in was straight forward enough. The hotel is not made up of uniform corridors with identical rooms, which adds to the character of the hotel. My room (#010) was on its own corridor next to the main entrance at street level. Very very sound proof room, didnt hear a thing. Really nice room, dark wood panneling with plasma tv. Not a very big room but I wasnt planning parties. Staff were very freindly, hotel was very clean. Recommend it.	
Mar 28 2007 	Ok for London	Our room was ready before the check in time which meant we could have a rest and drop bags of before heading back out. Staff were friendly although we were told breakfast was included and then were charged for it. Room was very small couldn't open bathroom door fullybecause of bed! but a great position we started using tube but realised quicker and easier to walk everywhere.	
Mar 27 2007 	very helpful staffs	This is my second time here.We first check in for standard double room (you can see my old review and photos comparing with last time executive twin room), they are going to send us to the connection building.Ha ha ha after reading from many reviews, we definitely say &quot;NO' and ask them for 5th floor. Unfortunately, they're all full booking today. So, we got room number 010.room 010- like a box, near the roadthe way to go to the room quite dangerous (in my opinion) because we need to walk through the strange door.Never mind, we can tolerate for one nightBUT!! after we come back again at midnightAir condition does not workSo, we ask staff to change the roomThey show us the new room......Luckily, we got room number 103We decide to change room immidiately --bigger--fresher--nicerthere are free fruits(banana, grape, apple, pear, ...)also free 2 bottles of waterand some stuffs such as slipper, toothbrush, shower cap, knit .....-free internetall photos that are attached can describe the room as realabout 2-3 AM, I was thirsty so i called reception to buy still water because 2 bottles of water in the refrigerator for free are sparking, I told himyou know he said that he'll tell room service man to bring two bottles of still water for free to us^^that's mean every problem for 1 night can be solved (room, thirsty am i) by friendly and helpful staffthis encourages me love and like this hotel because of best service of the staff Thank you very muchps. this hotel is near earl's court station about 2min walk	
Mar 20 2007 	Fantastic	Fantastic hotel, 1 minute walk to earl's court tube station, Not one bad thing to say!!! Will be using again	
Mar 5 2007 	Great stay	We stayed over on a Thursday and paid £85.00 for a double room. The room faced the side street but we heard no noise whilst we were in the room. We had a microwave and fridge which always comes in handy, our room was at the end of a hall so it was quite big. The bathroom was bright and clean but with little cleansing products. I love the plasma screen in the bedroom which was on the wall at the end of our bed. The only thing which i could moan at was the chambermaids cleaning the rooms adjacent to us at 9am whilst we were still sleeping (well trying to), and knocking on our door. Surely reception can tell them when we have left the room, instead of waking every buggar up! Prob our fault for not putting the 'do not disturb' notice on our door, but i've found they never take notice of them anyway! Earls Court tube station is literally 2 min walk at the end of the road. We parked our car in the Marriot car park which cost us £28 for 24hours. Overall it was a lovely stay. The receptionist was really nice to us. We orignally had a basement room but i asked to be moved which they kindly did. Then we moved again as we wanted a smoking room and they were very nice about it. We never had breakfast becuase it was advertised for £15.95!! I wouldn't even pay a top chef that for a bit of brekkie! But then London is the same in all its hotels for breakfast. Its definatly worth staying, esp with you being so close to the tube station, and with it being a side street you dont hear hardly any noise.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great stay at the Shaftesbury!	ARRIVALJust returned home from this hotel and both my husband and I loved our stay. This trip was actually a present to my husband, plus and trip to a football match, I had e-mailed ahead to the hotel to ensure that firstly we in the Shaftesbury and not their sister hotel the Hogarth across the street(as someone had noted that if you book for Best Western Shaftesbury, you could also be placed in Hogarth if they are full) and also to inform them that this was a gift to my husband and if we could be placed in a really nice room. When we arrived the hotel they had kindly upgraded us, and when we arrived in our room we found chocolates and fresh roses. Nice touch!THE ROOMNow the rooms are small, but perfectly adequate, with a fridge, microwave, flat screen plasma, ironing board, safe etc. Also nice little touches with vanity kit, shoe polish, sewing kit all available too. We also had a lovely fruit bowl to pick at. The room we were in was very highly finished and nicely decorated, and also got the paper delivered each morning too.THE AREAThere is plenty going on around Earls Court. When you come out of the tube station, Hogarth road in literally straight in front of you and the hotel is then a 2min walk. Nice coffee shops about, also has a little M&amp;S, Sainsburys, Boots etc. We found a nice bar Prince of Teck, the Courthouse at the end of Hogarth road, not just as nice. Earsl Court is also on the blue picadilly line which calls at places such as Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Westminster, so it was really handy!All in all we had a great trip to London, and when we return we will be going back to the Shaftsbury Kensington.	
Feb 27 2007 	The Shaftesbury Earls Court	Wonderful pictures of room and bathroom.Would have been good if we were two very small people who did not want to walk around the room to get to bathroom and wardrobe.The room is so small!It has every facility, such as ironing board, microvave, safe etc.BUT, the room is too small to open up ironing board.It is too small to watch tv unless sitting in bed.It is too small to have access to wardrobe.It is too small for two people to sleep in bed!!!!!Advertised as double room, but in fact only has a 3/4 bed.The safe did not workEvery day we had to ask at reception for tea and coffee for the room,every day we told reception that safe was not working.We stayed five days in this hotel.Day two the lifts stopped working!We would NEVER stay there again	
Feb 24 2007 	Great hotel	This was a fantastic stay. After reading numerous reviews on various hotels in London, I chose this one for the combination of location, price and postive reviews from this site. The rooms were larger than I had expected, all newly renovated, plasma tv in our room and pretty spacious bathroom. We had a lovely view from the 4th floor and breakfast in the ground floor dining room was very good.The only issue was with check-in. Like others, we mistakenly went to the Shaftesbury Hotel across the street. When they eventually found our reservation, they told us that the hotel was full but they were upgrading us to a premium room at their sister hotel across the street and walked us over there. On arriving there, we realized our error in going to the wrong address. My only issue was they said they were upgrading us to a premium room, when in fact, that was exactly what we had booked. Once we got to the right hotel, the check-in process was much smoother and the desk staff much more helpful.Overall a great hotel, good value, excellent location near the tube station and on a direct line to Heathrow. Bonus points for the free internet access. I would stay again!	
Feb 24 2007 	Will use it again!	I've booked this hotel directly from their website just the week before going to London. I had to stay just one night and february is quite low season, so it worths waiting until a few days before the holiday to try to book some &quot;last minute&quot; low price room. We spent about 76 pounds for bed and breakfast and we were in one of the excecutive rooms. The room is not as big as you would expect an executive room but it was definitely one of the nicest rooms i've stayed in London. Looks like it has been refurbished recently, to high standard. Flat tv and very modern looking bathroom. The only downpoint of the room was that it has been a smoking room sometime, so you could smell it a little bit. Partially my fault, as i should have asked for a non-smoking room, but it was only for one night so i couldn't be bothered to complain and ask for a different one. The room was facing the street but, as it was on the 3rd floor, we couldn't really hear noise at all.Breakfast was a buffet with a good choice of food.Very convenient location too, just a few minutes walk from Earl's Court Tube station.	
Feb 17 2007 	Great Value	After a 4 night stay at the Hilton Kensington for business, I moved over to the Shaftesbury for the remaining two nights of my stay to be nearer to some action. I wish I had stayed there my entire trip. While the room was about 30-40% smaller than the Hilton, the room was superior in &quot;almost&quot; every way. Included in my 69 sterling vat inclusive room price for an executive single was broadband internet, microwave, fridge, safe, iron &amp; board, BIG bathroom and bathtub, plasma tv, extra pillows, desk, large fluffy towels, 2 phones and a perfectly adequate gym. There is also a restaurant and bar but I did not use them.The staff were very polite and helpful and allowed me an early check-in at about noon. She matched my wish list perfectly: Bright room, bath tub, smoking. Earls Court tube is just a 2-3 minute walk down the street. Plenty of restaurants and bars in immediate vicinity to hotel.The view was not great as I was only on second floor, but I did not come here to look out the window, but rather to work and be close to restaurants and activity.The only thing that I would have liked improved was the comfort of the bed, though not uncomfortable, it was not the Hilton, and toiletries. Bring your own toiletries as they standardly only offer liquid combo hair wash/body soap and a small bottle of lotion.Overall above average for the price in London.	
Feb 7 2007 	Excellent!	This was much better than expected. I booked the room only a few days before and did not expect so much. But despite the fact that we got a lower ground room which had only a tiny window in the top corner of the room everything was allright. The staff was very friendly and the broken toilet flush had been fixed within minutes. Very nice room, clean, modern and stylish. Amazing bathroom! Would definately stay there again, was worth the money. Next time request an upper floor room.	
Feb 1 2007	Perfectly reasonable for the value	After reading mixed reviews but also having stayed here before with no problems (but PRE refurb), I stayed here for a conference at Earls Court for three nights.Checked in by pleasant staff, and found myself upgraded to a &quot;club&quot; room. Made my way there (got lost, but thats due to no sense of direction!), and although a basement room (with no natural light?) it was clean, reasonalbe sized and with a very comfortable bed. BUT very DARK...Even with ALL lights on. (See photos)The large flat screen TV on the wall was a nice touch, as was the free mineral water in the fridge and the bowl of fruit.There ARE a number of things to point out for anyone staying here....(Not complaints, just advice !!)1. Do NOT eat breakfast in the hotel. It is VERY expensive and IMHO overrated. Turn left out of the hotel, wlak to earls court road (about one minute) and turn left. Benys Cafe does a great cooked english breakfast with as much tea/coffe as you want for £4.90 !2. Reccomended eateries.There are a LOT of eateries in the immediate area, most of which are of similar standards. There are 2 in particular that stand out, but I dont have the names to hand (receipts going through expenses!). But there was one Indian and One Chines, both on Kenway road (next rd to hogarth).3. Reccomend Drinking.The Prince of Teck on Earls court Road (about one minute away) is a lovely real old fashioned pub. No fruit machines to annoy, real ale hand pulled . About £3 a pint (so typical london price) and FREE WI-FI (just ask for the password behind bar!)Overall, a relatively good (if dark!) experience. I will be staying there again if the rooms costs remain less than &quot;better&quot; hotels in the area. Trust me, there are a LOT worse hotels in the area for similar money.	
Jan 26 2007	Perfect Romantic Getaway	I took my partner o the theatre to see &quot;The phantom of the opera&quot; for her birthday and booked this hotel efter reading mixed results. Upon arrival found that the hotel was very easy to locate (seeing as it was down the road opposite the tube station). Inside the reception it looked stunning, staff were exceedingly friendly even though they were foreign and couldn't really speak much english, they still tried and i was welcomed with smiles and convosation. After a 5 minute wait we were showed to our room (very fast service for a London hotel) The room was perfect in every way, apart from one flaw. Only one sachet of coffee!With everything close to the hotel we could easily walk safely throgh the streets. Beds were clean, bathroom was clean... not a single piece of dirt found. On departure we expressed our feelings and would happily return to this hotel without question...Perfect romantic getaway.	
Jan 22 2007	excellent	33-37 hogarth kensington londonJust returned from a long weekend break.We would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were lovely, the rom excellent, lovely and clean, included flat screen tv, iron, ironing board, hairdryer, fridge, tea making, even a microwave. The breakfast was first class, plenty to choose from, and the restaurant was beautiful. Location close to earls court tube station, which was perfect for travelling around london. We would not hestitate booking this hotel again.	
Jan 17 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	Thanks to info in the other reviews here we had a very pleasant one night stay at the Shaftesbury Kensington. At check-in we were told that we had a basement room so we quickly informed them that we had requested a room on a higher floor (not strictly true, but...). So, without any hassle we were given a room on the 4th floor. When we got to there we found a warm, nicely furnished, spotlessly clean double-bedded room and very nice ensuite bathroom (inc bath and shower with Grohe fittings). The room contained everything you might need inc broadband connection, flat-screen tv, kettle, iron etc etc. We were very impressed - especially so considering the relatively low price we had paid. The dropped star is only because we had a bit of hassle in the morning trying to get the breakfast we had pre-paid for.All in all we would definitely stay here again. It's very convenient for those attending Earls Court / Olympia exhibitions.	
Dec 28 2006 	Nice!!	I liked the hotel a lot. I first reserved for the Hogarth across the street but as they were under some refurbishment they sent us to the Shaftesbury where they indeed had a reservation in my name. No extra charge, of course. I think the hotel is better than the &quot;2 star&quot; rating it has. The room was cosy, but small. No problem with that though. I can't comment on the restaurant because I didn't go there. The location is excelent: 5 minutes walk from Earl's Court metro station. The neighborhood is very quite, very peaceful, just excellent. Can't really comment on the staff has I had no need to interact with them... as i had no problems whatsoever. The giant tv sreen on the bedroom wall is a plus! If you want a quiet neighborhood, close to a metro station, cosy room and the size of it of not so much importance to you and fairly priced, I recommend this one. Also, it has recently been refurbished, so it looks like new. I also liked the toillet!	
Dec 8 2006 	Terrible place to stay really disappointed	I booked one nights stay through an internet website I've used before, and paid in advance. I arrived at 1.30pm and the first problem I found was that the address and hotel name didn't match. The hotel name, and picture on the website, showed the Best Western Premier Shaftesbury Kensington hotel, but the address was for the Hogarth Hotel accross the road. I went to the Best Western who told me they had no reservation in my name and directed me over the road to their sister hotel - the Hogarth. I duly trotted over to the Hogareth, who also had no reservation for me and directed me back to the Best Western. After I had shown the staff the reservation details I was told that they would contact the reservations department and find out what the problem was. I waited 50 minutes and was eventually told that my room awaited me at the Hogarth. When I got there the receptionist said 'we got your booking so we have to find you a room' - not very welcoming. The room itself was pretty poor. It was the smallest I have ever seen. There was 18 inches between the edge of the bed and the bathroom door. The bed was too short for me - I'm 5ft 6&quot;. There wasn't enough room to wash my hair in the shower cubicle, it was so small. There was no hair dryer, no controls for the heating (freezing but the central heating wasn't on), the towel had a big brown streak on it and the coffee cup was filthy. Finally, the worst thing was that the room was maybe 10ft away from the tube line and tubes thundered past every few minutes.I asked reception to change the room, they told me to come back later and they'd have sorted it out. I did and the new receptionists had no record of any request.I feel very annoyed that I was charged money under false pretences. I booked and paid for a room in a hotel that I didn't get to stay in.Overall this hotel was very poor.	
Nov 27 2006 	Well appointed hotel	Great hotel. Lovely room (we had a double on the top floor and, although small - which I expect for London hotels - it was furnished to a high standard with plamsa TVs in the bedroom and bathroom). Hotel is 2 minutes from the Tube and under 10 minutes from Earl's Court itself. I'll be staying here again when I have business that end of town.	
Nov 26 2006 	Great hotel at a great price	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Shaftesbury Kensington, and loved it! Like so many others I had already booked the hotel when I read some of the very bad reviews posted on this site, and was truly dreading our trip to London. We arrived a little before check-in, and our bags were securely checked until our room was ready. We were shown to our room promptly at 2pm, and were immediately pleased. Yes the rooms are small by American standards, but this is London and amongst the most expensive real estate in the world, so what I expected at this price point really. The room was very well appointed, with large screen TV, refrigerator, tea &amp; coffee facilities and microwave neatly housed in built in cabinets. The room had a regular size double bed, and a very nice bathroom. The shower worked well, with copious amounts of hot water for a relaxing bath. The room was serviced daily and was immaculately clean. We found the room a little cold the first night, so mentioned it to reception. They immediately sent an engineer, who pointed out that the controls were behind the curtain, and how to use them and we were toasty warm for the rest of our stay. The hotel is actually in Earls Court, and is only a 3 minute walk from the tube. Earls Court tube has District and Piccadilly lines, so is directly connected to Heathrow. The rest of the city, shops and sights are all within easy reach too. There are lots of great restaurants in the area including a great Chinese (Dragon Palace), Thai, Indian, French and some great coffee shops. There is also a Marks and Spencers foodhall which sells great snacks and meals for the microwave!! The breakfast buffet was excellent with full english and continental selections, all good quality, fresh produce was used. A word of warning... If you want breakfast book in advance, it's much cheaper! Oh and yes, the staff are mostly Europeans, but all spoke very good english, and were polite and helpful at all times. We would definitely recommend this hotel, and will stay here on all our visits to the Great British capital!!!	
Nov 26 2006 	4* in Earls Court	Stayed here for 4 nights on a business trip. Whilst a little far out from central London, the rooms are well decorated and refurbished. Don't confuse this for its sister hotel on the same street - both part of the same group too! Flat screen tv played up though on the first few nights and the radiator rattled but these sorted themselves out for some reason! There is free cabled broadband for laptops - a definite plus! Good breakfast spreads in an eastern-themed restaurant. A bit poor on menu choice - but when you've got the buzz of Earls Court around you with 2 Sainsburys and Somerfields around the corner added to your in-room microwave... ;)Only 2 mins from Earls Ct tube so a plus for leisure travellers - I'd definitely stay here on a leisure break! Staff were friendly and helpful too. All in all, a pleasant and welcoming stay.	
Nov 20 2006 	Perfect	Just made another reservation here (for next week) and thought I'd post a belated review of last April's stay...I love this hotel. Excellent amenities, very fair price, great location, and the all-important requirements -- sound proofing, climate control, and internet -- are all met in spades. And the general newness, cleanliness, stylishness is well beyond what I need. And the location is terrific. Staff is delightful and efficient. (Sure some of the singles are amusingly small -- but I think that's kinda fun ... I'm not playing football, just working and sleeping).My impression is that you really can't do better on price either (this is London after all), at least without a drastic drop in comfort and service. I have to travel pretty inexpensively, and this fits; anything less is a risk.Anyway. My favorite London hotel.--ahr (aka Bolzano)	
Nov 17 2006 	Loved it	I always check Trip Advisor before i make a decision on a hotel and i was horrified when i read some of the bad reviews about this hotel.However, i am very pleased that my experience was not the same as some of the reviewers. I was very happy with the hotel, the staff were lovely and from the reviews i was aware that i needed to ask for a room that was not in the basement and got a lovely room on the 2nd floor. The room was amazing, good size had free water and fruit which was a nice suprise. The bathroom was nice.....just everything was nice!The location is ideal, just across the road from Earls Court station i would highly recommend this hotel to other people and would like to stay there again in the future.	
Nov 16 2006 	Love love love!	I loved this hotel! The room was large, it had a desk, a proper area for storing luggage, microwave, a huuuge TV with tonnes of channels, and the room was cosy. And clean. The staff was nice. I REALLY liked it! :D It's a lot more homey than other hotels, and very quiet, you never hear your neighbours. I loved the mini fridge, I could get up whenever I wanted to because I kept a bit of food in there... A safe in the room, a nice wardrobe, refill of soap, tea, coffee etc. everyday. Bath and shower. LOVELY!	
Nov 16 2006 	Nice rooms very convenient location	I was very pleased with our stay at the Shaftesbury. I spent a fair amount of time on the internet looking over hotels in the Kesington area. I booked two rooms, an executive double and an executive single for two nights. Both rooms were exactly as pictured on the web site. Smallish (but not by London standards), newly refurbished, perfectly clean and well equipped. The shower was great (I am often disappointed with the water pressure in the UK), the rooms had microwaves and fridges. The area was very safe, the staff helpful, the location very convenient. I have no complaints at all. Our rooms were not noisy (as some others have complained.) The views were of the alley behind, but I didn't book for the views. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Nov 14 2006	Very clean room small but cosy	Stayed at the Shaftesbury from 26th Oct until 30th '06. Booked it through their website directly and got a good deal, bettter than using a website for a number of hotels together. The best thing I could say is the hotel was very clean. Rooms were modern, not huge but they were cosy. Bathroom was modern and well lit. The room included microwave, fridge, safety deposit box, big plasma TV and air conditioning which was great as the room sometimes was very warm as we were in the basement. One thing about a room in the basement, there was no window which was a pity. I could hear the tube passing as Earls Court Tube Station is only about a minute and a half's walk - which on the whole was an &quot;up&quot; point. The hotel is in a great location but the hotel staff were all foreigners who didn't know anything about the area, so don't depend on them for information. We ordered room service the first night as we arrived late - food was nice but way overpriced, so we didn't eat there again. So altogether if you're not too fussy and you're in London to see London you won't be spending too much time in the hotel anyway, stay here if you get a good price!	
Oct 18 2006 	Nice refurbished rooms	I stayed at the SHAFTESBURY KENSINGTON during fashion week. I had booked two rooms through &quot;hotelsdirect.co.uk&quot; and got a really good rate (79 lbs.). The STAFF was always very busy and, at times, seemed overwhelmed by customers' requests. Whenever I did have to deal with them though, they were polite and tried to give their best.What I liked the most about my stay were the cozy ROOMS. I stayed for 4 nights, felt very comfortable and had no trouble making myself at home. My room was on the third floor, facing the street, quiet, spacious, had a fairly comfortable queen size bed (comfortable to me means a mattress that's not too firm - I have back troubles and prefer soft beds) and all the other nice amenities that have already been described by other reviewers and on the website. My BATHROOM was also very nice. Brandnew, modern fixtures and impeccably clean. The only complaint I have here (and this mostly concerns the ladies) is that the lighting could be better (it's a bit on the dim side, especially if you try to apply make-up in the bathroom mirror - rather difficult).My standards are high (I used to work for Four Seasons) but I can definitely recommend this hotel if you just need a comfortable room to come back to in the evenings. I was in London on business and didn't need perks I would look for in a hotel when I go on vacation (pool, attentive concierge, etc.). Another plus: Earl's Court TUBE STATION is only a two minute walk down the street. If you're looking for something with a more central location, see my review of the &quot;Grange Holborn Hotel&quot;	
Oct 17 2006	Mixed	This is an average hotel in an average location. There is nothing of exception to note and nothing terrible to report.	
Oct 12 2006 	Worst experience in a hotel ever!	I had booked The Shaftesbury (4 stars- allegedly) a month in advance, paying a deposit over the internet. What had attracted me to the hotel was the romantic package they offered- the rooms looked cosy and clean and the offer even stated that upon entering your room you would be greeted by a fruit basket!We turned up at the hotel at 9pm only to discover that they had sold our room to another guest. They pointed us in the direction of their sister hotel (3 stars allegedly) over the road. I couldn't complain as there was no manager on-site, he had gone home.We arrived in our new hotel and in our new room- well cupboard! It was tiny. But that wasn't the worst of it, within three seconds of entering the room we realised that we were actually right next to the tube line! Not only could we hear the trains go by loud and clear we could also even feel the vibrations from the tracks.So we got to sleep soon after the last train at about 12.00am and woke up around 5.30am with the first of the day.This was unacceptable. That morning after complaining to the sister hotel where I was staying I was re-directed to The Shaftesbury whereupon the receptionist told me she was &quot;pissed off&quot; that she was getting all of these complaints. Such language from a receptionist is also unacceptable. When the manager finally arrived while he was addressing my complaint he was busy sending and receiving text messages on his mobile phone. He seemed to be more preoccupied with that than me- the customer.This hotel is in my view a complete violation of trading standards and fair trading. We were not given what we had paid for, we were directed to a hotel which was a star lower than stated, and slept very uncomfortably in a tiny room next to a railway. God help anyone who turns up at 9pm or later expecting to sleep at the Shaftesbury!	
Sep 25 2006 	Clean Hotel Horrible Service	I was booked for a job in London and the client put me up in this hotel. It was London fashion week so there was really nothing available. The Shaftsbury was a great location a short walk to Earls Court Underground Station which you could get anywhere you really needed to go from this point. The hotel was clean, that is probably the best thing I can say about it. The rooms were small decorated in an indian inspired fashion. The beds were very uncomfortable and the linens were as hard a paper. My room was in the basement where there were no windows. The room did have a very nice bathroom and complimentary soaps. They also had falt screen tv's with about 10 local chanels. The staff was lazy, slow and had no idea about anything. My wake up call was about 45 min late every morning my air conditioning was on High and could not be lowered, the room was about 40 F...... It was freezing!!!! It did not get fixed until my last night. I never went to the restaraunt becasue it looked awful over priced and I did not want to eat curry at 8 in the morning. I would never stay hear again. The only plus about this hotel is location and that it was clean.	
Sep 24 2006	Don't get SHAFTEDbury at this Hotel	From the moment we arrived the horror began. Our room would not be ready till 2:00 PM it was now 10:00 AM after a flight from New York. Ok that was understandable.Then they tell us we must pay in advance for the entire stay. I have stayed in 4 star hotels all over the world and never had to do this. When I informed the staff they just shrugged and repeated the robotic &quot; It is our policy&quot;, a policy mentioned nowhere on their website.They then offer to show us a room in the basement I immdiately say no way and then I'm given a room on the 3rd floorWe finally get our room and although the room was modern and comfortable with a 42&quot; plasma TV , the bathroom also modern but incredibly ill designed. The plugs for your razor or hairdryer are placed next to the soap dispenser making them un-usable and upon examination are not even real plugs just a dummy plate. The wash basin is so clogged the water takes forvever to go down and is seriouly dangerous to overflooding. I inform the desk and nothing is done till day 3. By day 3 the water will not go down at all and I literally have to go to the front desk and threaten to leave the water running till it overflows to the lobby .Apparently the hotel is in abject fear of theft. The hairdryer is not located in the bathroom but in the inside draw of the desk in the room where it is secured by screws to the draw so that every morning I had to wake my wife when I dryed my hair.The iron is also secured to the ironing board so that it makes it totally cumberson to carry to any location. The ironing board was a guillotine. It would not stay open and on two occasions came close to chopping a toe off. It took two days to replace the ironing board and numerous calls to the front deskThe worst was on the hottest day of the week the a/c shut down and could not be reset until the next morning. By this point my wife and I had had enough. I demanded to see the manager but was told that he was due at 9:00 AM. It was 8:30 so I went to check my email. I returned at 9:30 and was told that he still had not arrived.I told them to please call him on his cell phone and find out exactly when he would arrive.Finally at 10:05 Mr Zahid arrived where I began to express my outrage at the way this hotel was run. He throughly apologized, I told him that I appreciated his apology but that some type of monetary restitution had to be made in order to assuage the situation. Mr Zahid said he would get back to me about any settlement. The next day came - no word from Zahid, the following morning just as were leaving for the day Zahid sees us in the lobby and informs us that he was granting us free breakfest for the rest of the stay. We already missed it the day befire since we were not informed and the same day since it was now afetr 10:00 and breakfest was over. Mr Zahid made quick arrangements and got us breakfest that day. The next morning we go to breakfest and we are not on the list and charged 18 pounds ($36.00) for breakfest. When I explain that it was to be complimentary the head waiter shruggs and says to check with the desk. I see Zahid two days later and tell him what happened and he says he will personally take care of it next day- same thing - not on the list.. The a/c stays fixed for two when after a long exhausting trip to Bath we arrive at 7:00PM to find that the A/C isn't working and that maintenance has once again gone home and their would be no repair tonight.Upon checking out guess what we are hit for charges for breakest at $36.00 a day. I flip out and tell them I would not pay and that they should call Zahid and I just leave and wait for my cab to the airport. They come back and tell me the excess charges are eliminated. I wait for a cab for 30 mins and then I ask where I'm told that they haven't called a taxi but a private car which they contract with. I leave walk to Earls Court where I get a cab in 5 minsIn short a nice hotel, totally mismanaged and inept staff. and I would not reccomend it or would I ever stay here again	
Aug 29 2006 	Very nice	I organised my best friend's hen weekend in London last weekend and one of our party had stayed previously at the Shaftesbury Kensington twice and loved it - plus we got a great deal online for 3 nights. We loved the hotel the staff were courteousour 4 rooms were great... and immaculate - just like the picture.I think that some of the staff were more polite than others When I called to confirm the booking the lady on the desk was actually quite rude and there were a few incidents where they were slightly off but at other times they were more than helpful. This would be the only thing that would stop me from giving 5 stars.	
Aug 26 2006 	Lovely Hotel and great visit	It was my husband and my first trip to London. We were celebrating my 50th birthday. We had booked a flight and package deal and the reviews I had read were not so great but we were so pleasantly surprised. The hotel is approximately 5 minutes away from the Earl's Court tube station. This area is great for a base. We stayed for the week and felt very comfortable here. This area has so much to offer such as great little restaurants, pubs, grocery stores, pharmacy, and much more. The hotel room was lovely, bathroom was quite modern. We had a microwave and small fridge and coffee maker in our room.I would definitely class this as a 4 star. The staff at the hotel were quite pleasant and the restaurant food was very good. We had the continental breakfast included with our package and we could have upgraded to the English Breakfast but the selection that was offered in Continental Breakfast was quite enough for my husband and I. We also enjoyed a couple wonderful meals at their Restaurant in the evening for supper.We found it quite simple to use the tube and visit the sites on a daily basis. We purchased a subway pass for the week and this is how we got around for the entire week.Would definitely recommend this hotel to others.Lynne and FrankOntario, Canada	
Aug 24 2006 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at the S. Kensington for two nights and really liked it. The rooms were as descibed in the photos, really clean and pretty. We did not have an executive suite (regular two person room) but it was still spacious and comfortable. You need to stick your room key into the slot on the wall to turn on the lights and, if your air conditioning doesn't work, you may need to turn on the air conditioning on the ceiling (no, we're not kidding). The staff was helpful with all in house requests. However, when asked to find information on anything else- locations, times to travel, touring options or hours of operation- they were less than helpful. All in all, it was a good stay and we would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2006 	No Problems....	I, Like so many other people booked this hotel before I checked out the reviews and on arrival I was pleasantly suprised. The hotel staff were friendly and polite, although foriegn (somewhat of a pre-requisite in this hotel I think) but on check in I was told I was being upgraded from a 'double' to an 'executive double'. Well, I thought this can't be bad and we were taken to our hotel room which was just like the pictures on the website...(See they do exist) This was room 14 by the way! The room was small, and I did bang my knee on the edge of the bed and have a small bruise as a reminder of my stay but overall, it was better than I expected.The hotel is in a good position, yet I have to say the street as you walk to it is slightly off putting especially at night...but maybe I was just lucky...I got a nice room and couldn't hear a thing from the tube...I wouldn't stay again in this hotel, but thats just because I would prefer to be a little more central, but hey I had a good time and I hope you do too!Just make sure you get room 14!!!!!!	
Aug 18 2006 	Super Hotel!	After reading reviews before we left, we were leary as to what we would find but found the hotel to be very nice indeed. The hotel staff was very friendly and bent over backwards to help us in anyway possible. The rooms were very comfortable and clean and the food in the restaurant was good. The restaurant was very visibly pleasing as well. I would recommend this hotel and I would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2006 	Slipped badly over the last 6 months...	I stay in London every weekend and have a handful of hotels I regularly choose to stay in. In early 2006, I routinely stayed in the London Shaftesbury Kensington hotel and found it to be fantastic value with great in-room features (plasma screen, microwave, free internet, etc). However, the hotel appears to be going downhill somewhat.None of the telephones in the room worked, there was no internet access at all, the room was ridiculously small and below ground, the room was very noisy (you could hear the tube bustling past) and the reception staff seemed overwhelmed, and very amateurish. I understand that this can be common amongst mid-range London hotels, however this is seriously below the standards this hotel once held.I might try it again one day, but in the meantime if you want a really nice mid-range, good value hotel, in a better location, try The Regency or The Jury's. Both are in Queensgate in South Kensington.	
Aug 6 2006	Great Stay Comfortable Rooms.	The Shaftesbury London Kensington was more than I expected. The hotel staff was very kind, and helpful. The room felt like home. Although we were in a basement room, they really made you feel like you were above ground, with special window touches. The bed was comfortable, amenities were great- we were happy to use the refrigerator (mini bar) as well as the microwave- both were tastefully hidden in a lovely desk cabinet. The bathroom was clean, large and modern. The bathtub was great after long walks through the city. The power went out for about 2 hours one evening, the hotel staff offered free drinks and snacks in the bar while they repaired it. They also offered candles for those who wished to stay in thier room - very nice. Breakfast in the restaurant was plentiful, with many choices. The location was perfect for us, right off the tube- close to Earls Court station, with plenty of markets nearby. I would most deffinately stay at the Shaftesbury again!	
Aug 3 2006 	Don't be deceived!	I booked this hotel specifically because it was within easy walking distance of an event I was attending in Earl's Court the following day, and the reviews I had read were favourable. The hotel is nicely placed in a quiet street, and the reception, while small, was spotless, and the doorman courteous! However, despite calling the hotel and confirming the reservation a week before my trip, on arrival I was informed by the rather rude reception staff that the hotel was full and that my companion and I would be transferred to their other hotel in Piccadilly! Having travelled several hours, and been faced with problems on the Underground, I was understandably unhappy with this decision, and, on further enquiry was given the impression that the hotel had been aware for days prior to my stay that this was the case!! I questioned why the hotel had not called me before my arrival so that I could have made other arrangements, but the staff were very unhelpful. They just booked us a taxi and ordered us to sit in reception until it arrived - which took 55mins!!! - and whisked us off to an establishment miles away from the location we required! In the meantime, I was informed that to save time I could settle the bill and fill out the check-in cards, which I consented to. However, when I announced I wished to pay by cash, my request was very rudely received, and I was told I could use only the credit card I made the reservation with! It was not until I asked to see a senior manager and mentioned my legal background that they suddenly changed their minds!!!!!!  I would recommend trying elsewhere, before deciding upon this hotel. My companion and I were only in London for a weekend, and due to the complete incompetence of this establishment we were forced to curtail some of our original plans, allow extra time and pay more for travel costs to restaurants and events,  I definitely will not be booking again!	
Jul 26 2006 	Didn't live up to some of the reviews	We were very disappointed with our stay! I had booked for two nights, it was a double celebration, going to Wimbledon and my husband's 60th birthday. When I booked I asked for an upgrade to one of their 'romantic rooms' - heard nothing so rang the hotel and they had a bit of trouble finding the booking but eventually got someone who found it - I said I wanted to upgrade (obviously paying for it) and I was told to ask at reception on arrival - I pointed out we would not arrive until after 6 but was told it would be no problem. When we arrived we were shown to the most awful room - with no word of a lie there was no more than 9 inches between bed and wall ALL round - it was impossible for two people to dress in the room together - one had to go in the bathroom - I jest not! (Room 104 by the way) nowhere for suitcases, they had to go in the passageway to the door so if there had been a fire we might not have got out in time - also the window did not open (illegal I would have thought) Needless to say we asked to be changed but were told there was no other room available that night and we would be changed next day. Incidentally the previous occupant had left his coat in the wardrobe, got out in a hurry no doubt. We were changed next day and given the room I had expected before an upgrade (ie what you see on website) we were also given a free bottle of wine as compensation which I thought was very inadequate, a reduction on the room rate should have been given.Would be hesitant to stay here again.	
Jul 19 2006 	Believe the hype and run away...	We spent less than 2 hours in this hotel before fleeing to a different hotel in Covent Garden.Although we are big fans ot this area of Kensington and have stayed in other lovely tourist-class hotels there, the Hogarth Hotel unfortunately has left us with less than fond memories. We had specifically booked this hotel because it adertised on the website that it was allegedly a 3-star hotel and had:- high-speed internet access in every room- air conditioning in every room (a plus in London where, in June, the temps hit the 90s)- &quot;executive double&quot; suites with a desk, table, double bed, etc.- modern facilities, incluidng multiple electric outlets, due to the recent renovationsOur visit started out badly when we arrived early at the hotel (8 am) and inquired about being able to check in or at least leave our luggage. The mumbling desk clerk claimed we had no reservation and spent 10 minutes staring at the computer screen and my driver's license until i had to point out where my name was on their register. He then had us fill out all the registration cards and go through the entire registration process, and as soon as we were finished, told us that we had to come back after 12 noon to actually &quot;check in.&quot; Very frustrating.We were able to check our luggage at the hotel, though (the concierge was nice and efficient) and went out to have breakfast. We returned at noon and were checked in by a different clerk, a young woman, who informed us that it was their policy to have guests pre-pay for all nights (this was also not advertised on their site, as they claimed no prepayment was needed).We wearily paid the fees and headed to our room.As for the room...I have traveled to London many times and have stayed in the hotels there, so I'm very aware of the size differences between London hotel rooms (small to smaller) and American ones (usually very large). However, even by London standards, the room was completely unlivable. There was literally 6 inches of clearance around the bed, no place for a single suitcase, bag, backpack or other travel item, and no closet, desk, table, counter, or wardrobe for storage, just a few hangers on a wall. The bathroom door could not be opened more than 6 inches because it then hit the bed. The largest item in the room was the 42-inch flat screen TV mounted to the wall.My boyfriend and I immediately realized that we could not stay in the room (actually, that we could not even get our suitcases into the room), and went back to the desk to change rooms.We were then put in a slightly larger room (12 inches of clearance around the bed) but it had a closet and desk, so we felt it might be fine for our purposes. However, after 2 minutes, we learned the hard way that we were right above the tube station, so that every 2 minutes the room would shake. Worse, the room had no air conditioning or even a fan, so if we shut the window to block the train noise out, the room temperature soared to stifling. Finally, we went to check the internet access, and found out that it &quot;hadn't been hooked up yet&quot; according to the front desk. We also found that half the electric outlets had not yet &quot;been hooked up&quot; in the room. These were the proverbial final straws.We found another hotel in London (The Radisson Kenilworth, highly recommend it!) and called a cab. I went to the front desk to get a refund, based on the fact that the room amenities had been blatantly falsely advertised by them and that we had spent less than 2 hours in the room. The desk clerk insisted on charging us for 1 night's stay (about $125.00) anyway, although she did refund the rest of our forced-prepaid amount.The moral of this story: Check out the room before you pay, and if you really want to give this hotel a try (let's say you're into really large TVs and train noises), then don't expect the internet or outlets to be working in your room.	
Jul 17 2006	You place your bets you take your chances.	The day before we left, I stumbled across this site and the reviews of the Shaftesbury Kensington Hotel and lo, my heart sank, I was about ready to cancel the trip altogether. However, I was most pleasantly surprised in the end.Initially, I phoned the hotel to try to confirm our reservation, however the company which owns the hotel also owns one across the road (the hogarth?) and a converted house across the road too. This results in a centralised booking system which effectively meant when asking if I had a room, the call was passed to someone who wasn't in the hotel at all.On arriving in Earl's Court, it was but a 2 minute walk to the hotel. However, on arriving the 2 reception staff were labouring English and being berated by an American woman proclaiming &quot;I booked in May (2-3 months ago) I expected a nice room, not one under the street! There are no windows. I get claustrophobia, if I have a panic attack and have to go to hospital, who's going to pay for it? You sent me to the hotel across the road, they sent me back here!&quot; This did NOT fill me with joy, however we presented them with my booking number and was handed plastic card-keys. When booking the room, I'd specified I wanted one above the 2nd floor with A/C; this was supplied.The room itself was quite small but with a fridge and a microwave and a honking huge flat-screen display, initially, I was quite worried, the place looked good, but I couldn't get any of the lights to work and dreaded having to go wrestle with the people at reception. If they changed the room to one with working lights, would it still have a window etc.? However, then I spotted an unlabeled slot by the door, once it was fed the card key, the lights turned on. Not rocket science, but still, it would be nice if there was a sign somewhere telling the weary traveller &quot;lights this way&quot;.I didn't bring a laptop so was unable to check out the free internet access (Via an RJ45 socket on a reel stuck to the table). They claim there's going to be internet via the TV at some point, but it currently wasn't working and the TV had BBC1,2 ITV, C4, C5, CNN and some other news channel. Not impressive, but still, it's free.The room was facing Hogarth Rd and was extremely quiet. A broken air-vent on the frame allowed in some street noise, but the double-glazing kept the majority out.The (blessed!) A/C worked fine, however you did have to point the remote at the ceiling unit as it was a bit hit-and-miss controling it from where the remote was mounted on the wall. There was a mini-safe in the wardrobe which wasn't bolted to anything, but I assume not too many people are liable to steal the safe complete with your posessions.Putting up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign didn't really seem to make any difference to them, as each morning the door was knocked with the cry of &quot;Service?&quot; and again when a copy of the Telegraph was dumped on the floor outside. Only by bolting the door do you actually get the privacy the sign is supposed to grant. Similarly, the same sign which says &quot;do not disturb&quot; on one side also says &quot;room ready for service&quot; on the other. It's only a matter of time before some wag decides to turn the sign around and the cleaners will disturb honeymooners!The second night we got back to the hotel at about 10:30pm, left the lift and found ourselves in darkness. There were no lights on in the corridor; a corridor with one window facing a light well (not much use at night) and no light switches we could find. We groped our way along the corridor until we reached the fire door to the next set of rooms (of which ours were one) and found it was now darker than the inside of a cow. We had to dig out our mobile phones and try to find doors / room numbers from the pathetic light of their screens. The lights in the room worked ok, but when I phoned reception to ask if they could turn the lights on in the corridor, I'm not sure I was understood and still, it took them an hour and a half before they actually did turn them on. Tne next day, I still couldn't find any light switches in the corridor.Room service tidied the room every day (irregardless of the do not disturb sign) though didn't appear to change the bedsheets, however most of the towels were replaced each day. All in all, I found the place to be well appointed though in need of a staff-transplant. However, I can quite understand how the same trip could have turned out as a disaster for others. You pay your money, you take your chances.	
Jul 16 2006 	Don't get fooled - a real NIGHTMARE	There isn't anything good to say about this hotel except the bathroom is nice. Don't expect to get ANY sleep because it won't happen. You'll hear the LOUD noise and vibration from the TUBE every 3 minutes until 1am only to resume back again at 5am. The &quot;musty&quot; smell in the entire hotel is horrible and you'll leave London with all of your clothing reeking of the disgusting odor. Did I mention the STAINS all over the bed cover which leaves you wondering if they ever launder it?. The staff seemed pleasant but that may have been because they don't speak much ENGLISH, therefore, noone really reacts when you express your ongoing complaints. My reservation was pre-paid for 12 nights at this nightmare hotel. After 4 nights and 2 room changes later, I couldn't bare to stay another minute. The hotel REFUSED to REFUND any monies, although they quickly filled the room vacancy (hummm, I wonder if they changed the sheets or cleaned the bathroom?). Oh, and while relocating to the Marriott Maida Vale (by the way, a superb hotel), the car driver commented that he routinely hears the same compaints from other U.S guests who have also been duped. Save yourself a lot of misery and book a room at the Marriott. I'm currently persuing some type of refund, although I don't actually expect that to happen...after all, that would be too much like RIGHT for a hotel establishment that is MUCH too much like WRONG !!	
Jul 15 2006 	McDonald's quarter pounder marketed as haute cuisine....	Just returned from a 4 day business trip to London and had booked this &quot;Kensington&quot; hotel (bang in the middle of Earls Court!) before reading these horrendous reviews.Believe the reviews, it's all there. The rooms are mainly tiny and I have the bruises on my shins to prove it. My first room was in the basement (I had specified at booking an upper floor...) and was windowless. I then joined a queue of irate guests at the reception desk demanding a room/hotel move. Unhappy and angry guests at reception are a permanent feature of this hotel. The receptionists are not bad people, they are merely under-trained, under-resourced and seem to lack any management back up. Beware the policy of swiping your debit/credit card for room services in advance, I refused. The rooms...well my first emotion was one of relief. Relief that the heavy dark brown stain on the bedspread was melted chocolate and nothing else. The much-vaunted &quot;interactive&quot; TV seemed to have entered passive mode ( a small sign in reception admitted to this) and the aircon seemed to have 2 settings, off or Siberia. The bathroom was small but clean whilst I was fascinated , as noted elsewhere, by the highly fashionable but totally impractical hand basins. I can give you a tip here, prise the plug out with your fingernails/hair grip and then turn it upside down so the thread is pointing upwards, your problems will be solved. Probably unwise to do the same with the central bath plug.The lift worked intermittently, perhaps it was my gathering sense of paranoia that allowed me to suspect that it was always working on downward journies but out of action on the upwards.... I think that there are basic management/marketing issues here. Market this place as a budget hotel with brass knobs on (and employ some people-skilled receptionists) and I'm sure we would all be happy bunnies. The current sales drift of a sophisticated boutique-style Kensington hotel is, quite frankly, a cynical deception. Many of the unhappy guests were American and I felt very, very sorry for them. This hotel is 100% devoid of the spacious luxury and personal service that they would expect from an upmarket 4* hotel. So there you have it. Book this place on the net at 70 quid a night and use it as a reasonably clean and quiet dormitory whilst you explore London and you'll be OK (hence 2 rather than one star awarded). Book it at the full rate with an expectation of sophistication and peerless service and you will need therapy/professional help for months.	
Jul 7 2006 	lovely room unprofessional staff and watch out for your credit card	The rooms are truly 4 stars. The one I got was pretty spacious with microwave, flat screen TV, working broadband connection, modern bathroom and comfortable queen size bed. I really enjoyed it and it was facing a quiet street so could sleep with window open.Now for the bad sides of this hotel (and unfortunately they are not minor ones):Housekeeping was not that good: sheets were not changed throughout my 7 nights stay and not only they did not clean the bathroom but I came back to find stains on the floor that I had not made. The carpet was not hoovered.I have stayed at this hotel before, months ago and I remembered them having problems with the electrical system. Well 4 months later they still had problems with the electricity and there were 3 blackouts in 2 nights (one lasted over half an hour). It took them 2 days to have the problem fixed but after that all worked fine.If it were only for the above I wouldn't mind staying there again but it got to the point where I am afraid to give them my credit card as they ask for authorisation without informing you (and that was AFTER having taken a pre-authorisation already upon checking in!) It happened to me twice but the first time I thought it was a mistake. The second time they did it all I could think was they were behaving very unprofessionally. Not to mention the fact that they should at least give you a warning. I only found out because I have an sms service alert that lets me know instantly when my card is being authorised. When I complained they denied having done so. When I showed them the evidence (i.e. the text message) they told me that they had only blocked the money but not debited my card. And I had warned them when checking in that I wanted to pay CASH and even offered to pay the full balance 5 days before check out but they told me not to worry -as they had the pre-authorisation already.Meanwhile my card was maxed out and I could not book my airfare over the internet. It took 72 hours for me to get that amount back on the card and by then the airfare had doubled.This for me spoilt it all and I will not be staying here again.On top of that there are serious communication problems with the staff and one of the staff members was so unable to understand what I was trying to say that she kept repeating the same sentence over and over again (and obviously hadn't been listening to what I'd been saying).Be very careful before handing in your credit card to them -it is such poor/unprofessional behaviour for a 4 star hotel- and the staff become quite irritable if they see you complain. If anything I was entitled to be irritable but I still made an effort to deal with them in a respectful manner.It's a pity that poor management like that can spoil such an otherwise nice hotel	
Jul 5 2006	Ruined my London Experience	My best friend and I arrived at the hotel at about 11:00 on a Monday, we stood at the reception desk for 5 minutes while the lady behind the counter completely ignored us and continued talking to someone else on the phone. When she finally gave us her attention she told us that our room was not ready and that we could come back at 2:00. When we finally checked into the room we were taken to the top floor, please note that after the 2nd floor the heat rises in this hotel, and by the time you are on the 4th and 5th floors, just standing in the elevator and hallways feels like a sauna, and it was probably only in the 60's outside. But we weren't too worried, because we knew we had air-conditioning. We walked into our room and at first glance it looked pretty nice, but then you close the door, you try to unpack, you attempt to turn on the air-conditioner (the airconditioner is a huge machine from the 1980's that takes up the entire window, this means NO WINDOW, NO VIEW) and the feeling of claustrophobia begins to take place. After telling the lady at reception that our air-conditioner didn't work, we layed down in our two twin beds and tried to take naps. It was probably at least 85 degrees in the room. I got up to find help and came accross the very sweet bellboy, he came in and fixed our air-conditioner for us. Still this room is WAY TOO SMALL FOR TWO PEOPLE. We both felt claustrophobic, we were literally stuck in an attic room, with no window. IT WAS LIKE BEING STUCK IN AN INSIDE CABIN IN A CRUISE SHIP. My friend was on the verge of panic attacks. We decided to go down and ask the reception lady if she could move us to another room, and in a completely unsympathetic way, she said NO. We asked if we could be moved the 2nd night, and she said NO. This woman was the rudest person I have ever come accross in my hotel travels. My friend decided that she could not stay even one night in this hotel and went down the street and checked into a &quot;budget hotel&quot; which turned out to be MUCH NICER. Bigger, with a window that you could actually see out, helpful people in the reception area, and a real air-conditioning system. FYI: For all you American travelers, now is not a good time to visit England, for every $100 you get 44 Pounds. The new hotel cost her 90 Pounds. This turned out to be a very expensive trip, and we couldn't wait to get the heck out of there. England is beautiful and great, and you must see it, but my suggestion is, go somewhere else where you will get more for your money, even the Euro is much better than the Pound ($100 = 70 Euros). Look for countries other than England that haven't converted to the Euro, like Poland or Croatia, etc. If you do decide to go to England, do not stay at the Hogarth, and plan on spending a lot of money!	
Jul 4 2006 	Much better than the sister hotel - Hogarth	Stayed there 4 nights in June. Luckily, they have air con, well for ppl like me living in Asia, this is a plus! Free Internet is another big PLUS! Very good location, 3 mins walk from tube at Earls court. I have stayed in a room where the mattress placed on the floor like a very low bed, quite strange, otherwise things are good, well probably pillow is a bit hard. BUT do remember to get a room not facing the underground b/c it can be quite noisy. I feel overall the hotel is good at GBP69 per night include tax, no breakfast anyway. I would like to see the staff (esp gals in morning shift) can be more helpful and welcoming staff more. Guys at night shift are better.One thing I feel not satisfied - the back door of exit is always open, thus ppl can go in the hotel even without entering the main door and lift, this is more than weired but scary, look not very safe esp at night.	
Jul 4 2006	Never Ever Ever Go To This Hotel!!!!!!!!!!	This is my first review on tripadvisor.I arrange all my hotel bookings on the bases of how the hotel is reviewed on this site.And i did so in the case of this hotel.It had mixed reviews but i wanted to pick something that was a bit more lavish and the photos on the site impresssed me.Big Mistake!When we arrived we had to pay for all our 3 nights in cash up front as we had not got a credit card with us.We also had to pay a 20 sterling deposit for each night we stayed in the hotel.This as a result meant we had to take out an extra 60 sterling and give it in on the first day although we did get this back on the day we left.We where never informed of this prior to going and we where shocked when the hotel told us of this new policy.The rooms where nice but full of problems.The door of the bathroom was hung on the door frame crooked so the door wouldnt actually close.The fridge was kept in a press beside the wardrobe but the press wasnt level so the fridge wouldnt sit steady.Also this press has no ventalation so the heat from the fridge motor was pretty shockin.Considering this was beside the door where was the only exit it was a real fire hazard.Our bedroom had one window about a metre and a half wide.An A4 sheet of paper was stuck to it with cellotape saying do not open.It was only after i looked at it i realised whoever installed it put the hinges on the side so the window only opened in.So if you open the window you couldnt really walk around a certain part of the room.The power went in the bathrooms of a few guests in the floor below ours.The same happened to ours the next night.Some of the lights still didnt work when we checked out.The air conditioning in the resturant leaked onto the guests who where eating dinner below.House keeping would only come around if you hung a sign up outside saying room needs a service.And when they did come they took away two bath towels and only gave us one to share.On the last day early in the morning , house keeping just walked in when i was in bed.Not even a knock or anything.It was highly unprofessional.Also the bathrooms are a mystery.Apart from the crooked door,faulty lights,and lack of towels ,the sink and the bath are just a mystery.I have a science degree but it took me a while even to realise how to remove the plugholes.Bottom line is brute force.There is no mechanism to move the plug hole up or down.Not even a chain.We where left using hair pins.Also is took 20mins to fill a bath as the new age tap didnt work.The pressure in the shower was terrible.Oh and heres a mystery,beside our bed we had two light switches but only one did something.We still dont know what the other one did.I will say this about the hotel though.They had TV's in every room but alas only 7 channelsJust in case to think im a moan.I know of at least 4 other parties of guests who has similar problems or worse.Be warned.	
Jul 3 2006	Honeymoon Nightmare	Admittedly, a bad experience is more likely to lead to a review on a site such as this. Still, these folks deserve all the poor reviews they get. I thoroughly read the reviews posted here before I booked 5 days at the Shaft(s)-bury for my honeymoon in June. I had a bad feeling after reading the reviews, but decided to live a little. What the heck! You only honeymoon once (hopefully). Things did not turn out well, dear reader. Upon arriving after an overnight flight, the power was out at the hotel. We were told to return later in the afternoon. When we did, the power was back, but the staff didn't have a room for us, or any number of other poor customers who'd booked way ahead of time as well. (The online booking company used seems to be part of the problem here, too, btw.) In the time of my own struggle (Mein Kampf!) with the staff, nonetheless, at least 4 guests came to the desk to complain vehemently about any number of non power-related issues. We were told we'd be moved to another hotel of theirs (sort of; in broken english they just noted a taxi was coming...for who? to where? ; we figured the rest out from other luckless fellow travellers). At that point I walked down the street to another hotel--in the rain now, naturally. Earl's Court does have plenty of cheap, good hotels, however, and luckily, the competition had a room for us--as well as numerous tales from other rain-soaked honeymooners of similar mishaps at the Shaft. I'm not sure what became of the other refugees or what their further experience was, poor souls, but I can say the service at the Shaft was about as bad as I've ever seen. No one could contact a manager, or manage a refund (had to go through my credit card company to get that--hopefully...), for that matter, and the front desk are challenged by their jobs, to put it nicely. They continued to interrogate me as if I'd made some mistake in booking the room. Right, me and the other ten people sadly gazing out for the expected taxi. On the bright side, mine is only one review, and the location of the Shaft is nice, young and hip and very close to the Earl's Court tube station. From other reviews it appears they get their game together at times at least. We loved Earl's Court, but even with the cheap rate, I couldn't recommend this place (and I like cheap). Many of the hotels within blocks of Hogarth Road and the tube stop have rates for a pound or two more--and are far more dependable. Renovation, schmnevation; you should have a room for guests from overseas that have confirmed them--not a snow job from the embattled foreign girls at the front desk and Caspar, the Disappearing Manager.This place could work out for you, dear reader, and it's so bizarre and odd in any case, it makes for a heck of a (honeymoon) story. But there are much better places for the same price right around the corner. The Shaft may have potential, but they are certainly not to be trusted. Caveat Emptor!	
Jun 23 2006	not quite 4 stars	I got a pretty good deal for this hotel, 69 pounds per night for a single room including English breakfast. I stayed for 2 nights. The first night they put me in a nice double room (003) on ground floor level. Unfortunately the airconditioning unit of this room started leaking at some point during the evening (and judging from the stains on the ceiling that wasn't the first time). After a couple of visits and calls to the reception, someone came to have a look, but they couldn't do anything about it. They would put me in another room in the morning. This time they gave me a single room (8) in the basement. While this room was generally OK, I think a 4 star hotel (or any hotel in fact) shouldn't be putting people up in the basement, whiteout any daylight. Also the corridor where this room was in was heavily used in the morning by housekeeping and kitchen staff, so it was quite noisy early in the morning.Like I read in some other people's comments, there seem to be a lot of problems with reservations. Many times when I was at the reception, people were discussing their bookings. Combined with the maintenance problems in some rooms (I heard someone else complain about leakage as well), this hotel is not up to it's 4 star rating. The reception staff are generally friendly, but are not capable of taking care of most problems right away, and are not very pro-active (e.g. they did not call back when they told me they would).Generally, you probably have to be a bit lucky with this hotel. If they give you a room on one of the higher floors, you should be fine. The rooms are clean, the facilities are good, and they serve a good breakfast. The location is excellent, almost within crawling distance of Earls Court underground station. If I had paid the full price for this hotel, I would have been quite unsatisfied, but for this money, it was sort of OK.	
Jun 21 2006	pokey sauna (that was the room)	We arrived at this hotel at 10.15pm to eventually be told our room was not yet ready. To their credit we were given a drink in the restaurant free of charge but we had to sit in the smart restaurant with our day old travel clothes on and our suitcases. When we were told our room was ready it was in a hotel across the road. The room was so tiny you could only just manage to walk round the bed. (The decor was good). The heat in the room had us sweating within minutes and the window was wide open allowing the noise of the local trains to deaften us every couple of minutes. We asked to be moved rooms but were told there were no more rooms, all they could do was move us to an other hotel. Which we did. The staff were not very helpful. No information was forwarded without our asking. We felt as if we were bothering them. I would never stay in this hotel. I am not a fussy person but I do expect a hotel showing in a brochure as 4 star to have some comfort about it and this definately did not.	
Jun 4 2006	A good experience; once we switched rooms	We arrived late at night, around 10:30pm, and were given a room in the Hogarth Hotel section across the street from the Shaftesbury. Although we booked a 'spacious queen' room, we were given a very tiny room in the basement with no fridge, microwave or hairdryer. There was a foot and a half of walking space on either side of the bed and the toilet was so close to the sink that you had to sit sideways to use it as you could not get your legs around the legs of the vanity. The room was at the back of the hotel next to the Tube line so it was very loud and the bed shook each time a train went by. The window led to a small walkway used by the staff as a smoking area which meant that our room filled with the smell of ciggies whenever someone was out there smoking. We went to the front desk twice that night to ask for another room but were told repeatedly that there were no rooms available and that if we would return to the frontdesk in the morning, they would move us to another room. The staff was very apologetic about the situation...something it seems they deal with quite frequently as we overheard 2 other travelers also asking to be moved that night. The next morning we arrived at the frontdesk and saw that our room number was already on a list of rooms wanting to be moved. We were told that we could leave our luggage in the room we were currently in and that it would be moved to another room during the day. We went out sightseeing and returned around 2:30pm to find that we were moved to a room still in the Hogarth Hotel, but on a higher floor and facing the street, just as we had asked for. The new room was very roomy, although there was still no microwave, it did have a fridge and hairdryer and a much roomier bathroom! We could not have been happier about how our situation was resolved and we loved the location of the hotel; just a minute's walk from the Earl's Court Tube Station, grocery stores and restuarants. We would stay again, provided we could be guaranteed a room on a high floor, facing the street or in the Shaftesbury where the Tube noise is not an issue.	
Jun 4 2006	We were quite impressed!	My wife and I booked a vacation to London with British Airways and, we learned during the booking process, they were offering two free nights in a variety of hotels scattered throughout central London. We were a little suspicious what a &quot;free hotel&quot; would look like -- we pictured Roach Motels, sketchy nieghborhoods, etc. Anyway, after researching the hotels that were offered (and checking TripAdvisor, of course) we settled on the Shatesbury Kensington. In short, we were VERY pleased with our stay and did not experience any of the problems noted by other reviewers, though there were a few minor glitches which I will describe later. We arrived very early -- around noon -- but were offered a queen-bed room immediately. The front desk staff was very pleasant and, contrary to other reviews, the staff had no problem communicating in English. The room is small by American standards (look, my fellow American readers -- PLEASE don't expect everything to be like &quot;back home&quot; when you travel abroad because you're NOT back home! Isn't that the reason you travel???) Sorry, I had to get that out, but I only did so to temper expectations. Anyway, the room (#404) had everything we needed and was extremely clean, well-appointed, and comfortable. It's obvious that the hotel was recently renovated and it shows -- our room had very nice fixtures (the bathroom is truly beautiful and functional), the sheets felt new and the furniture was new and not scuffed up. We were immediately impressed when we entered our room. The flat-panel TV was a great touch, making the room seem up-to-date. We looked down onto a wonderful Victorian-era street and we spent some time watching the comings and goings of people on the street below, and in the apartments across the way. As other reviewers have noted, the hotel is no more than a 4-minute level walk from the Earl's Court tube stop (make sure to exit on the Earl's Court Road side of the station since there is another exit on the opposite side of the station, towards an exhibition hall). The neighborhood is wonderful, feels very safe, and is populated by a wonderful variety of people. Restaurants of all sorts can be found within 4-5 blocks of the hotel (Indian, Middle Eastern, Chinese, Thai, etc.) along with a Marks and Spencer grocery store, banks, post office, etc. Basically, everything you'll probably need is found in a 5-block stretch of Earl's Court Road on either side of Hogarth Road, where the hotel is located. Our room included continental breakfast which was terrific -- cereal, meats and cheese, juices, yogurt, fresh fruit. There was an English Breakfast option for more money, but we skipped that. The restaurant in the hotel is very beautiful and decorated in what I would call a relaxed Middle Eastern or Indian style with lots of colorful throw pillows, lots of light, and overal it is sparkiingly clean. We only ate there for breakfast, but they have a full dinner menu. OK, three small glitches to note -- and these were NOT huge problems for us -- first, the elevator was out of order for our first day. Second, our TV simply wouldn't turn off before we went to bed: a call to the front desk indicated that there was some sort of systemwide problem with the TVs, so we just hung a thick towel over it and went to sleep. Last, broadband service was not available though we saw a &quot;coming soon&quot; sign at the front desk. Again. these were NOT big problems for us. All in all, we really LOVED this hotel and were so pleasantly surprised. Thanks to British Airways for picking a nice hotel and to the management for a fine job.	
May 31 2006	Very Nice Hotel for the price	I stayed at this hotel from May 18 to 21. The room was quite small and I did only have a twin bed. The room was in the basement as well, however the room it self was very nice. If I did book a again, I would request a above ground floor room as well as be specific with asking for a queen or king bed, as I actaully thought that is what I reserved, but a single means, twin bed in London...I did only pay 72 pounds a night, as you can not go wrong with that price in London.This hotel was very close to the Earl's Court Tube. Just to help anyone who is going there, when you come out of the tube, just walk directly across the street and go to you left, and Hogarth Road is right there, just walk down the street and the hotel is closer to the end of the Road. I ended up getting lost before I found it.As for the front desk staff, I thought they were great and very helpful. The porter was a younger guy, but he was very polite and was quite interested in Canada when he found out I was from there. I do highly recommend anyone to stay here, you will not be disappointed. The East Indian resturant down the street from the hotel, on the left hand side going towards the Tube station had amazing food.	
May 22 2006	Good value for money.	We stayed at this hotel from May 10th to the 18th and we have did not have any major problems. We have stayed in other London hotels that were more expensive and 1/2 as nice. I do agree with other reviewers that there are problems with the desk staff (mostly the fact that English is not their native tongue). The room was small but was very nice - it was somewhat below ground and so it was very quiet - a great plus and also the tube station was located really close to the hotel which was excellent. Try the Chinese take-away behind the hotel called Eastern Star it was very good. I would stay at this hotel again when we go back. (Since we never had to deal with any problems at the hotel I can't say that they acted promptly when needed but all in all it was good value for money in London.)	
May 15 2006	Highly recommended	I stayed in the Shaftesbury for a night this weekend and found it more than adequate for what I needed. Location was perfect, very convenient for the West End (we went to see the Sinatra show at the Palladium), very close to Earl's Court tube station. The room was lovely, obviously had been refurbished fairly recently. It was very clean and all appliances were modern and working (apart from the free broadband internet, which we didn't need in any case). The bed was large queen sized and very comfortable. I rang the hotel in advance because the trip was for my boyfriend's birthday, and they provided us with a free bottle of wine and a fruitbowl, along with a card with a handwritten personal &quot;happy birthday&quot; message for him, what a nice touch.Breakfast was lovely, great selection of English and continental foods. We arrived earlier than our check in time but the hotel stored our luggage safely in a back room so we didn't need to worry.The staff were friendly and attentive, I'm surprised to read some of the comments on here about their incompetence, we didn't have any problems at all with them.All in all, a great, convenient and clean hotel, perfect as a base for sightseeing and a nice romantic break!	
May 12 2006	This hotel has stolen money from my Credit Card.	Warning! Please don't give your credit card number to this hotel. I did and they have charged me money they should not have charged me and they are refusing to pay me back.Stay away from this hotel - they are dishonest!	
May 11 2006	Don't stay this hotel!	There was no shampoo in the room, air condition &amp; Refrigerator is broken, the water of the bath doesn't flow, many times I called but no one comes!The telephone fee was claimed only though it called the reception!Terrible!!	
May 9 2006 	Hated it - Tiny room near the train line - Very Loud Very Small	I've stayed in the Shaftesbury Kensington for a few vists to London. They always have problems with the booking. Sometimes they provide a decent room, but on m y last visit they provided an 'executive room'. It was nothing of the sort!!!!The room was at the back of one of their additonal properties on Hogarth Road - backing onto the Circle/District underground line. That meant it was too noisy to have the window open. But there was no air con, so it was too hot to have the window closed!!!!!!!The room was tiny - nothing 'executive' about it!!!!Also, the TV only has three channels and these are E4, ITV2 and Sky Sports News - no BBC or ITV1Previously this hotel represented VFM but I'm not risking being given this type of room again.Do yourself a favour and book somewhere else!!!!!	
Apr 30 2006 	good place for the money infrastructure problems would return	I stayed for two nights at the Shaftesbury Kensington. For the price which was 78 pounds, it was a good deal. The room was new and nice with free broadband access and flat screen TV. The bed was nice. it was a short and convenient walk to the Earl's Court underground stop and near a very pleasant restaurant called Masala Zone. You can take the underground directly from Heathrow to Earl's Court and then walk to the hotel. So, I was happy with the location and the room. But, there were problems. The hotel seemed to be overly full and each morning when I went downstairs I heard staff/managers trying to deal with people who appeared to have booked a room and weren't going to be able to stay there. The water pressure in the shower in my room on the 5th (top) floor was almost non-existent. The elevator was out of order so when I walked down 6 flights to tell them (on my way to my meeting), they said they knew, that the problem was only the fifth floor and it was going to get fixed later in the week. I often stay at much more expensive hotels, where this answer wouldnot be acceptable, but here, OK. The elevator was working when I returned. The internet was working until about 2 AM, when it died for the rest of my stay. The staff just generally placated about things rather than actively tried to do anything, but they seemed a bit besieged by people trying to book a room when the hotel was completely full.Despite the problems, I actually enjoyed the room and my stay there. I stayed one more night at the Derby Hotel nearby. It didn't have internet in the room (a wireless access point in the lobby only). Its shower and elevator worked, but the room was old and a little shabby by comparison tod the Shaftesbury, and it was somewhat higher priced. So generally, a positive review except for the problems.	
Apr 30 2006	Nice Facilities -but it has problems	When I arrived early they immediately arranged for an early check-in. The room was a bit small and the bed was full-size. We selected the hotel because of the gym and Internet in the rooms. The first two days the Internet was not working in the room. They had their &quot;technical&quot; staff assist us, however, they had no luck. They told us they would come to the room and they never showed up until we called the next day. They were nice and tried really hard.The evening of the second day the general manager called and assured me that it would be fixed or they would move us to another room. Since they were not able to fix it they offered us a free breakfast, a fruit bowl, and a new room. I asked for a queen size bed, since that was what we had reserved and told them we only had a full size. The desk clerk rudely told me that they only had queen size beds in the hotel. When we got to the new room it was twice as big. and the bed was indeed a queen size. Of course, the next day the Internet didn't work in the room and when we checked out they tried to charge us for the &quot;free&quot; breakfast.The rooms were 4 star or more. The staff tried, however, they were disorganized. I wish at early check-in they told me I was getting a room and bed that was less than my reservation.	
Apr 26 2006 	Loved it	I am planning to return to the Shaftesbury Kensington again next week. I had some initial problems with the internet and television. The were quickly fixed. The room was new and spotless. Take a look.The service was excellent.	
Apr 17 2006	Loved this Hotel 	I was in London in early march. I stayed at the Shaftesbury Kensington Hotel and it was GREAT! The staff was excellent to say the least. I totally recommend this hotel if your headed to London. It is near the tube station and close to everything that you will want to see while in London. I will stay at this hotel again when I visit London and I recommend that everyone check this place out.	
Apr 17 2006	Impressed by The Shaftesbury Kensington	We stayed at The Shaftesbury Kensington in a standard room for four nights at the end of March. Given previous reviews I wasn't exactly sure what to expect but I must say my expectations were exceeded. I was quite concerned that construction may still have been occuring but it is obvious that they are finished. The foyer looks very stylish which sets a good impression. The staff on the desk were helpful, although a little frazzled when confronted with multiple check-ins. They do speak english quite well but we did not require their assistance beyond check-in. The room looked exactly like the picture and was a lot larger than the room we stayed at eighteen months previously for 20 pounds more per night! Everything looked very slick and the bed was comfortable. As we chose a cheap option that excluded breakfast, we were extremely happy to find a couple of cafes on the main road that catered for breakfast at a fraction of the price the hotel charges. The hotel is well located - only 2 min walk to restaurants, post office, station, internet etc.I would highly recommend this hotel and we would definately stay there again.	
Apr 17 2006	Wouldn't recommend	We always stay in Kensington on our regular trips to London, we saw this hotel on the website and the photos looked great, when we arrived in the hotel we were very impressed with the reception area, it is obviously very newly refurbished, however, we were extremely disappointed with the room, yes, it did look like the photo but someone had shrunk it some what, you could barely walk around the bed and I actually stubbed my toe and cracked my knee on the bed trying to walk around. We asked to be moved but the french check-in clerk couldn't give a damn, he obviously has had no Customer Service training as we found his manner to be quite abrupt and down right rude. We had to endure this crapmed box room all weekend, you could not open the wardrobe fully due to a floor standing lamp which obstructed it, the room doors slammed shut with such force that I'm sure everybody in the hotel, if not the next building, must have woken up!. The sink in the bathroom did not drain, the soap dispenser did not work. The heating was on full blast with no manual control for the guest, making the room an oven, this was compensated by having the air con on full blast to counter act the radiator.This hotel is severly lacking in customer service and ruined our weekend, we would not recommend this hotel to anyone and wouldn't even contemplate staying here again, there is only one positive, it was clean.	
Apr 6 2006	Excellent Hotel	The Hotel is 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Tube. It is clean, stylish and reasonably priced. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. Needless to say, we enjoyed our stay and will be going back someday soon.	
Apr 5 2006	Great stay at the Shaftesbury!!	I booked the hotel for my boyfriend's birthday on last minute(--), we got a great rate of £69 for an executive room. I was a bit worried when I read the reviews on trip advisor, but i shouldn't have worried. The hotel was easy to find, very close to earl's court station (only about 15mins to get to leicster square station where all the theaters are). The hotel itself was well presented, very clean, staff helpful (I rang up before hand to tell them about my boyfriends birthday and they gave us flowers and friut free of charge!) The hotel room was a good size, although if we didn't have an executive room it could have been abit on the small side. Bathroom really nice and clean. Overall, very impressive with our stay, would definatly go back!!	
Apr 5 2006	Great Value at Shaftesbury	Trawled the net for a good value hotel for a 2 day midweek stay in London. Found the Shaftesbury offering 2 nights with breakfast for £65 per night. Booked it on the basis that it had just been refurbished and it wouldn't be scruffy yet - and I was right.The hotel is very handy for the tube at Earls Court - only a 2 minute walk. The local area is rather poor and scruffy. There is no shortage of Indian, Thai and Chinese eateries together with a McDonald's, KFC, Starbucks and a Somerfield store which closes at midnight. Reception at the hotel is basic but I checked in with no fuss. My room was very nice and extremely well equipped. Massive TV, kettle, microwave and fridge. The bathroom was lovely and very clean. The aircon (remote controlled) was very welcome as the hotel itself is very warm.Breakfast was good - dining room was had a relaxed atmosphere with attentive staff - well worth the £6 I'd paid.I'd definately go back to the Shaftesbury - I was very impressed and pleased with the whole package	
Mar 28 2006	excelent stay	stayed at the shaftesbury kensington on the 25th of march, on arrival there was no reservation for us despite having a confirmed booking, but duty manager dealt with the situation very professinally, he offered us complimentary hot drinks and sorted us out in no time.good clean hotel will go back and recommed to anyone.	
Mar 23 2006 	Had a wonderful stay definitely coming back!	It's such a relieve to get to stay in a fabulously modern room with all the amenities you'd need, something of a rarity in London, or England for that matter. The room I stayed in at the Shaftesbury Kensington was spacious, new and clean, but best of all it offered features that are important for my convenience. Free broadband internet 24 hours a day was a breeze to connect; microwave oven came in handy for someone like me who was there on business long stay and didn't have to go out everynight; plasma TV gave me more space to walk around in the room. The location was fantastic too, couple minutes to Earl's court station and right around the corner from the A4, meaning it's super convenient but was away from the noise. Lots of shops and restaurants are nearby and I could get things from a big Sainsbury's too. I loved the modern and bright bathroom eventhough it was rather small and didn't have that much shelf space to put my things. My main grouse here would be that they don't give you a whole lot when it comes to bathroom amenities (just body wash &amp; shampoo in one). But I'm not going to knock off a star just because I had to go buy my own toiletries which I always do anyway. Now give me a special rate and I will stay here on every business trip to London!!	
Mar 16 2006	Sensationale stay!!	We were a bit ancious on arrivle since we had read some mixed rewiews, but we couldn't be more satisfied. We stayed there for 4 nigts and payed 71£ per nigth, witch is a good deal. We got our room right away after arriving, our executive room was spacefull, clean and was of a very modern and elegant style. We loved our big tub, the flatscreen tv was a bonus but the bed was a bit hard for our taste though. We got all the help we needed from the reception. We ate breakfast at the hotel twice, a bit overprised but tastefull. The area couldn't be better, with resturants, shops, cafès and the tube nearby. It was our first visit to London and we happily recommend this hotel for anyone who want to stay at a stylish and perfectly located hotel.	
Mar 14 2006	Rudest hotel manager in the world	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Ireland and England. While in London, we stayed at the Shaftesbury Kensington. I had chosen this hotel on the internet before we left home because it was a good location and offered car parking. When we got there, there was no on site parking and the public parking lot two blocks away was full.The assistant manager told us to park at a meter on the street until 6 PM, and then we could have the one parking spot (the managers) they had. At that time, the painters, who were working at the hotel, had their van parked in this one precious spot, and they would be leaving at 6PM. She conferred with the manager by phone to come up with this solution. We complied with these instructions and we left to do a little sight seeing, and when we returned after 6 to move our car into the promised space, there was another car parked there.I called the manager who told me she had no control over who parked there, said we hadn't been promised the spot, and was extremely rude and abusive. This was all said on the phone at the reception desk, and I asked her to meet us in the lobby to discuss this problem privately, and her reply was &quot;No, I'm too tired&quot;.My husband &amp; I did find a parking place on our own, and returned to the hotel for the night. In the desk in our room, I found a lovely letter in the hotel's information book from this same manager stating that if any guest had a problem, to contact them for help. Obviously, this was just for appearance sake, she certainly didn't want to help us with our problem.If you don't care about customer service, you will like this hotel. The reception desk staff can hardly speak English, cannot give directions, the manager is nasty, but the hotel itself is beautiful, newly renovated, and the location is great.	
Mar 11 2006 	Stylish Spacious Sophisticated	This is a great hotel in a posh part of London and near to the underground. There are also a lot of shops and restaurants nearby. I had a very pleasant one night stay and indeed wished I was staying longer. I don't understand the given rating as it is definitely 4* and deservedly so. However, it is also quite expensive so make sure you book on some hotel website. I booked an Executive Double and was given a very large room with amazing bed, plasma TV, free broadband point, microwave, fridge, fruit, tea and coffee. The staff were on the whole very helpful. I only have two gripes: the man greeting me at check-in was fairly rude and the toiletries in the room were not of a very good standard. But do not let that deter you - it is a very comfortable, indeed quite luxurious hotel.	
Feb 22 2006	Impressed of the Shaftesbury	London:The Shaftesbury,Kensington:Excellent value!Date:21st February 2006Reviewer:A TripAdvisor Member Bremen,GermanyWe´ve returned from our weekend trip to London.AllI can say:&quot;The hotel was fabulous!&quot;Just four starrated it offers excellent performance in food,accomodation and style.The breakfast buffet isa selection of high quality fine and fresh food.Personal extra wishes for porridge or poached eggsare satisfied from the fiendly staff immediatly withno extra charge.The hotel is presently promoted fromwotif.com so we paid and excellent rate.My trueopinion about this hotel:&quot;5star performance for areasonable price!&quot;Keep going this way!&quot;	
Feb 20 2006	Good Value for Money	Booked this hotel for a Valentine's Weekend after comparing a number of other hotels in the same area. The fact that this hotel was recently refurbished attracted me to booking this hotel.On first impression, this hotel is definately the best looking hotel on Hogarth Road. The location was brilliant, just across the road from Earls Crt Station. The reception staff were friendly. We booked an 'executive double' for 82pounds/night. I read on the hotel's website that some rooms have a four-poster bed, so I thought it might be an idea to ring earlier to ask whether we will get one, but was told they allocate by random.The room we ended up getting was on the ground floor, which wasnt really a problem when you close the curtains, and did have a four poster bed. The room was clean, not big, but not small either and was very nicely decorated. The bed was extremely comfortable! Best night sleep for a while! the bathroom was very modern. The plasma screen TV gave the room a modern feel. There is a full length mirror next to the door, which is very useful!I'd stay at Shaftesbury Hotel Kensington again just for the bed (and of course the value!).	
Feb 19 2006	Terrible! Do not stay...	This hotel was by far the worst I have ever stayed in. During my stay I come across numerous problems with the hotel. We requested a non smoking room which was actually turned out having an awful pungent stale tobacco smell. When requesting a new room we were given a key to a room where the lights did not work. The room we ended up in only had half the amenities promised. The next morning we were awoken by a loud rattling sound for which no explanation was given and no action taken. Then an hour before check out there was a power cut. I stongly advise anybody considering a stay at this hotel to reconsider!!	
Feb 14 2006	Not bad	First impressions were quite good, until you meet the staff. I understand that hotel will be busy but it took us half an hour to check in. The lady behind the desk insisted on answering the phone, chatting to her colleauges then talking to other customers. Once we had our room i was quite impressed, good clean, stylish. I was very happy. BUT the cold water tap didnt work which meant no flushing toilet and stupidly hot showers. The plumbing didnt actually break until the morning so we told reception. They first sent someone to the room to check it out, he suggested that we use another room to shower and use the public toilets in the hotel then stay in this rrom. I was not happy with that so insisted on a new room. He then explained we couldnt have the new room until 2pm, which was fine because we were planning on going out. We later got to the hotel at 3pm, our room hadnt been sorted. We asked what new room e were in and it took them 30mins to find the new room then sent us to it and it was a mess. No-one had cleaned it. They then asked us to wait and we waited an hour, I got the impression they weren't going to tell us!!! We got into our room and our luggage wasn't there (they previously said they'd have it move) So that was another hour wait for that!!Breakfast is overpriced and they dont make a big deal about telling you they charge extra. Most hotels i stay in offer breakfast free... perhaps this is different in london.Stu	
Feb 14 2006	excellent rooms	Room we had was excellent, location is excellent, the lift was being re furbished and did not function so this was a minor irritant.Foyer could be nicer and restaurant we did not use, but generally the room being so good we had little cause for complaint.	
Feb 6 2006	Okay but you can get better value in london	I've travelled to london 6 times in the last 4 years. This was my first time at the Shaftesbury and I likely won't be back.The decor is nice, more modern decor than you'll typically find in European hotels. But the quality of the finishings is poor and already starting to show stains and wear, though the hotel just finished refurbishment. Also, the room I had (a double) was tiny even by london standards.The staff is not very friendly or knowledgable about London. That was fine for me, but might cause problems for first time visitors to the city.Its also a bit far out form the attractions, this hotel is in Earl's Court, border of zone 1 and 2, not Kensington as the name implies. But its managable.I paid $130. For this price, in February, its easy to find better value.	
Jan 26 2006	Still going through some growing pains	Pleasant experience. The hotel was still under renovations in late September 2005 but was nearing completion, except for the gym. Our room was certainly adequate in size, clean and very modern with the convenience of being on the first floor and overlooking the street. The street side views are more desireable than the back of the building. The restaurant food was good and the breakfasts were great. The restaurant staff were very friendly and efficient. We found the front desk staff was not trained well enough to handle the concerns of their patrons and they always seemed to be flustered. The housekeeping staff did not speak English which made things a little difficult, but on the whole it was great. The tube station was only a 2 minute walk away and the shops closeby allowed us the pleasure of picking up dinner and popping it in the microwave oven in the suite if we were too tired to go back out after a full day of sightseeing. We found the fridge in the room was never cold enough for our liking. Would probably stay there again because of its convenience more than anything.	
Jan 15 2006	A mixed pleasure	After reading a previous review I too rang on the day of arrival to confirm that our booking for a twin room was ok as we would be arriving late in the evening. Sure enough, on arrival there were no more twin rooms. Expecting to have to share a double bed with my 15-year-old son, I was agreeably surprised to be offered a double and a single room with connecting door for the same price as the twin room. We were also able to stay in these two rooms for the three days we had booked. Given that we had a rate of 60pounds per night (without breakfast) this was unbeatable value!!We'll forget that the lift broke down and still hadn't been repaired two days later and that one night the heating developed a strange loud noise that could only be fixed by turning it up fully. The location is great, and the provision of a micro-wave and an empty frig. (no mini-bar) make partial self-catering possible: in expensive London a great plus.The staff were very friendly. If I can get a rate under 100pounds I will stay there again.	
Jan 3 2006	good for the price we paid but.....	I did like this hotel and it was very close to the underground station which was convenient. We paid £79 for our room but the rack rate was ~£195?? If I had paid that I would have wanted compensation since the shower tap was broken and the power of the shower was low. The water did not get warm enough to take a hot soak in the bath - I had to boil the kettle a few times! All the rooms had a microwave and refrigerator which was a bonus - we knew this before we arrived so we saved on not having to eat out. Although our fridge did not chill!The most annoying thing about the room was our telephone - it kept ringing nearly every 15 mins??My experience with the hotel staff was that they were not at all friendly - no smiles and goodmorning also they did not seem all that professional.There is a small gym with a treadmill, bike and a few weights - not bad but could be a lot better even if they installed a tv - one of those plasma ones that they have in ALL the rooms or just some music!The restaurant looked nice but served lebanise food - which is not my thing, not sure what the breakfast was like as it was not included - not even a continental - they wanted £10 for it!I would stay again, but would consider all alternatives where possible - I am not going to rush back! our room was not very big. I would describe this hotel as one that is on the higher end of the 3* scale rather than 4 star - it has its problems.	
Jan 2 2006	Ok experience	We got lucky and got a promotion for an executive room at 89£ breakfast included, so overall we are satisfied.1) Executive room size is ok. Normal double room size will definitely be too small. (commercial pictures can be misleading)2) Furnitures are decent/good (We like the 'Grohe' bathroom fixtures and the flat screen), but the head board behind the bed had a stain on it.3) The breakfast was good.4) As written above in other reviews, doors do slam and the staff were not especially friendly.5) Also when we first arrived we had to wait a while for check in.6) Concerning the review of the Dec 28, 2005 we ourselves got a room on the first floor right on top of the entrance. It was very convenient for us. We noticed the elevator on the right of the reception and were not aware that there was another building.Hope this helps,Cheers, Renaud.PS: in case you look for their phone number on yell, look for 'the Hogarth hotel'. It took me a while to figure it out.	
Dec 28 2005	Don't be fooled by the photos!	Never again! Do some more looking. Yeah the pictures look nice, but it isn't nice enough to deal with the rude staff (look out for Sudha- she's a nightmare!) We booked online for a resonable price, but would of gladly paid more for a better location and better service.We were paid in full before we even left home, when we got there they tried to tell us we had to pay again... I had my confirmation w/ me that stated a $0 balance, still had to argue... Then we were in a different building outside the main hotel, six flights of stairs- NO ELEVATOR. All the hotel doors slammed, so you heard every guest as they came and went, not to mention their conversations. The card key seemed to reset everyday, so we had to go to the other &quot;main&quot; hotel everyday and ask them for a new key. They just didn't have it together and didn't seem to care enough that we were inconvinenced. Area overall okay- but a little shady at night. Keep looking, I know you can find bettter!	
Dec 9 2005	Okay but ...	This could be a hotel to recommend. Too bad they ruin their guests' experience with total disarray in their booking and billing system. We tried to re-confirm the rooms on the day of our arrival to avoid any unpleasant surprises. Our e-mails never got a reply but when I called the reception everything was supposed to be in order. Sure enough, 6 hours later on our arrival they were fully booked. We were transferred to another hotel for the night and the guy at the reception said that he would &quot;personally see to it&quot; that by the time we get back everything will be in order. Sure enough, rooms were not available at the agreed time, only hours later. On top of everything, the hotel tried to charge us a cancellation penalty for the first night. Fortunately I had kept the bill, and was able to show the credit card company that we had already been charged for the total duration of our stay, including the first night.After we settled in, we had no problems but I don't plan on staying at Shaftesbury Kensington the next time we are in London.	
Nov 22 2005	A bad start to the stay	I booked online and paid up front for two nights at the Shaftesbury £195, when we arrived from a 4 hour train journey at 9pm we were told the hotel did not have all rooms open and we would be transferred to another hotel in Paddington, for one night only and could come back on the second night! this was not acceptable, we had booked and paid to stay in Kensington and why had they not informed us previous to our arrival so we could arrange other accommodation. After answering the phone three times and having conversations with a friend we were told we could stay here and they would move someone else, the room we were then give was very small, the bed just over a single, having booked a deluxe double we complained again and were moved straight away into a larger room, a deluxe double, probably the one we booked! If they were over booked how is that two empty rooms where available at 9pm at night. Whilst waiting for the mess to be sorted we also witnessed a couple asking to change rooms for the 3rd time due to yet another maintenance problem, it seems they were re-allocated quickly too. I wonder how many other empty rooms there were and how many people they had actually relocated that evening. After that the rest of the stay was fine, comfortable hotel, good location, shame our first impression was a bad one	
Nov 22 2005	Stylish superbreak	I booked this hotel after reading The Times one lunch-hour at work and seeing that there were good offers on hotels in London, The Shaftesbury @ Kensington being one of them featured. As it was my 40th I wanted to stay somewhere nice and looking on the net it seemed very promising, although I had seen mixed comments from other guests so was a little anxious!I have to say, that me and my girlfried found the hotel to be welcoming, clean, stylish and very conveniently located for the tube. Our room had all the conveniences, plasma screen, fridge (a bit warm though!) microwave and all the decor and furnishings were good quality. Also, the room was scrupulously cleaned every day and fresh towels left. We did not use the restaurant, so cannot comment on that, but I would definitely attempt to book a good deal there again. We paid £ 180 for three nights, which is excellent for this standard. We were also able to leave our luggage in safekeeping on the day we departed without any problems with the porter fetching them with a smile on our return to collect them.Hopefully, any teething problems other guests have experienced will be ironed out in future as in our experience we would highly recommend it.	
Nov 21 2005	worst ever	Booked this hotel on the day so its hard to accept why 4 hours later they could not get me into a room quoting &quot;unforseen difficulties&quot;After turning down an alternative in the Gatwick area (i kid you not) I demanded assurance I would not be charged and this was given by the general manager. I have now been charged £280 on my credit card and the hotel is not returning calls.Be warned!!	
Nov 16 2005	For the price a big disappointment!!	The hotel describes itself in Kensington. Its really very much in Earl's Court but I guess Kensington is a more prestigious location. The best thing about the hotel was its proximity to the Earls Court Tube Station. Other than that, we have little good to say. Now the bad:THe rooms are small. Okay, we are Americans and used to bigger rooms but it is nice to be able to walk around your bed. The service was dismal. HOtel desk clerks were just not happy to be there and it showed. Our internet didnt work. We begged just to have someone tell us if there was even a chance it could be fixed. We never heard a word from management. We were charged twice the listed phone rate on a call to the states and they basically said that too bad.Overall the stay wasnt awful but when you pay 170 usd a night, you expect a bare minimum of services.	
Nov 16 2005 	The Ultimate in Inconvenience	This hotel does not know the meaning of customer service. The front desk staff was aloof and at times rude. They put me on the third floor (no elevators) of a building across and down the street. The first room had no a/c, no heat, no working telephone, no working television, and no linens. The second room (after I let the first one go...) was almost as bad. The third room (and the one I finally took since it was almost midnight) had 2 stations on the telly that worked and it was the size of a small closet. There are in the midst of renovations which translates to hammering, sawing, drilling, and paint fumes all day and into the evening hours. It was a good price, but I would have paid more for some convenience, service, honesty, and a bit of customer care. Beware of this one!	
Nov 4 2005	Loved it i dont know why people dont?	Me and my boyfriend stayed here as my birthday treat (the big 22!) and we loved it!Must admit i was a little scared after reading the reviews but we were surprised with what we found.A lovely TV, nice bed and fresh flowers. Also lots of mirrors, which is good for doing your hair in!I'd definatly recommend, the only problem we had was that there was a porter in our room filling up the soap when we arrived but this didnt really affect us in any way.	
Oct 31 2005	Post renovation	On the last leg of our Honeymoon, our first two were Rome and the Island of Capri, we arrived at the Shaftesbury and were greeted with a pleasant staff. They even let us use their internet at the desk to do online check in for our return flight and to check on the recent scores from the Detroit Redwings.The rooms were great! Well finished and lots of amenities, on par with the 4 and 5 star rooms we had in Italy. The Plasma TV was a great surprise though a user guide would have been nice.	
Oct 24 2005	A very good hotel I would recommend to anyone	I stayed at the SK from Oct 19-23, 2005. It was very clean, and the staff was nice and helpful. The rooms were, in my opinion, very nice. They looked exactly like the photos listed. There were fresh flowers not only in the lobby, but in every room (we had 2 rooms). It's contemporary redesign was refreshing (considering the usually boring, generic look of most hotels). The hotel is pretty centrally located - only a one minute walk from the Earls Court stop and bus stop. You can get to all the major sights within about 4-6 stops and a train change. There is an ATM/cash machine at the corner where the tube station is. There is also a bakery across from the station, and a McDonalds, KFC, Thai and Indian places to eat, a few bars, a grocery store and sundry shop all right there at the intersection with HOgarth st (where the hotel is located).Being that the hotel is just off the main road, it was very quiet at night, and there was minimal traffic noise in the morning - so it was a good night sleep for all.Problems we had: Took us forever to figure out you have to put the key in the slot inside the room to keep the lights on (that was pretty funny). The A/C didn't work in the 5th floor room, so the next night they gave us a new room.The first floor room we had was bigger than the both the 5th floor rooms we had.None of the rooms had an alarm clock, so bring your own. Of the 5 wake up calls we requested, we only got 2 (luckily the one we needed to wake up for the car to catch the flight out). We paid about 60 pounds a night ($115 US) for the 4 nights) which is, in my opinion, a great deal for the area. I have travelled in Europe, America and the Middle East - and for the money and the city, this is a great hotel in a great location with a great price. I would recommend this hotel, and expect the price to go up in the future.	
Oct 10 2005	Dirty Busy and Unapollogetic	My boyfriend and i arrive at the hotel at 10 pm after a long trip cos we have been traveling all around the UK and they sent us to a room in the roof that was occupied after one hour they realise they had over book and just book another hotel for us that was awful too and didnt gave us any explanation or even an apologize, awful service and all the hall area was dirty i dont advise to stay there	
Oct 2 2005	I would stay there again	This hotel was a visual treat, but parts of it were like a movie set. That is, some things looked great but still didn't work. For example, the bathroom door handle came off in my hand! The bathroom sink faucet also had a problem staying in one piece. On the plus side, the room was a good size (for London) and the bathroom was positively spacious. The a/c worked! There was plenty of closet space and the decor was very, very nice. I think the recent renovation still needs a little fine tuning, but I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2005 	Modern room but ...	Modern room, but incompetence by the hotel employees made the night I stayed there very unpleasant. Three times, with 1-3 hours in between, different reception clerks entered my locked room and woke me up from my sleep without being able to tell what they were doing there. The only explanation I got was that something had been &quot;messed up&quot; in their computer system saying the room was empty.No minibar or internet as advertised, and the room was cold with no possibility of heating it.	
Sep 29 2005	Nicest room on private budget travel	The Shaftesbury Kensington has just been renovated and although the facade wouldn't make one expect a big deal of hotel and the reception area is a little eclectic in style, the rooms are really really nice. Stylish furniture, spacious room and bathroom (especially for London), nice lighting, plasma TV, microwave oven (almost strange at a 4* hotelroom) and tea/coffee kettle. And absolute cleanliness. The only thing I could complain about - if I wanted - is an unusually small double bed (192 x 130 cm - yes, I have measured it - which is to no standards I've ever herad of), but in return it was really comfortable. (And one thing: If you are a lazy traveller and like to be in your room after 8 am, post the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign before going to bed at night as sometimes the housekeeping liked to knock on doors at 8.30 - 9 am.) I' ve been to many 4 star hotels throughout Europe on business trips so I can tell this room really is up to the standards of a 4* hotelroom but the price (at leat the one I had through an online hotel agent) was a third/fourth or even less of the prices I (= the companies I worked for) paid for those. So as a result this was the nicest hotelroom I've ever had on a private trip since I am not a millionaire and up to now I could only stay at nice hotels at company expenses.The staff was very helpful although visibily not tarined at all. (They made restaurant and West End Show bookings for us and were ready to let us settle the bill at 11.30 pm to avoid next morning queues.) There was no mini bar (but there was an empty mini fridge to use) in the room and I do not know if there was room service available as I did not want to use it. But if you are someone who would require nice surroundings but usually can not afford it and do not want to spend money for unnecessary service (room service, expensive hotel breakfast) then you will definitely be grateful to have found this place. There are many cafés, restaurants and bars in the area to have cheap breakfast/lunch/dinner at (even a grocery store just by the tube stop as you enter the hotel's street) and as the Earl's Court tube stop is a 1 minute walk (about 200 meters), so you can be easily in the very heart of town in 10-15 minutes by the tube.Summing it up it is a nice room for unbelievably little money for London at an excellent location. (4 tube stops directly from Victoria where the Greenline coach terminates getting in town from Luton airport - the main London airport for discount airlines.)	
Sep 29 2005	a mixed bag	Wonderful location - very close to Earls Court tube. Pleasant street with excellent restaurants [Indian, French and Chinese] and a Mexican grocery store. Lobby and public areas stylish. I was alarmed on arrival by the long queue of complaining guests - rooms without a/c, without power, not cleaned, double booked etc. My room was minute and the bed barely a double - but it was stylish, quiet, had opening windows and excellent a/c. The bathroom was attractive and contemporary. My only quibble was that on using the sink raw sewage came up the bath plughole - it stank! I discovered that keeping the bath tap running was vital if one wanted to use the sink and avoid this! SO overall I found the hotel a great experience - especially for £60 a night BUT I doubt I'd risk it again...	
Sep 26 2005	Nice rooms	I spent three nights at the Shaftesbury Kensington. Our room was a good size (for London), nice and clean with a medium sized bathroom. No minibar or roomservice, but a nice plasma screen tv, fridge and microwave.The service was bad.The staff didn't seem to have any training at all, and most of them were rude, unhelpful and indifferent. It is the worst I've experienced in London.The area is great and lively with lots of bars and restaurants, and the tube station is a 5 minute walk.	
Sep 16 2005	Has potential but not in the near future	I booked directly and got a good rate probably to make up for the fact the hotel was most definitely not finished. - no gym, no mini bar, no room service, the bar/restaurant close at 9pm each night and closed all day Sunday. Some of the staff attempted to be helpful but there is a definite need for training.The rooms were spacious with comfortable beds, good sized bathrooms and compact little kitchenette area - the plasma screen TV was a definite bonus.You can see there is potential but i have to say that describing themselves as fully refurbished when they are clearly not is totally unacceptable and throughout our stay there were many complaints each day from dissatisfied guests.	
Aug 20 2005	No concern for guest comfort	I booked this hotel on &quot;lastminute&quot; after being sweated out of my non A/C accomodation elsewhere in London during a heat wave. I arrived at the hotel to find a construction site. While the air con was on in the lobby - it was not functioning in the rooms due to the renovations. I could have lived with that if only there was a way to get any fresh air into the rooms. The windows did not open more than a crack and I was told that to open them further would break them. The front desk provided some fans - however there were none left when I twigged that these might be available. There was also no ice available anywhere to cool down. I appreciate the hotel is undergoing renovations, and those that are complete are lovely - but there is no way those rooms should have been rented out without adequate ventilation in those conditions. I ended up having to sleep with the room door open all night to the hallway to get any kind of air. The construction noise was also a detraction.I applied to &quot;lastminute&quot; for some recompense as this was an advertised special and was granted a ~ 15% rebate. If the hotel wants to retain any future business - they should shut down - finish the renovations - and start up again when they can provide decent facilities.	
Aug 3 2005	Would recommend after renovation; but watch out for Expedia!	On the first day of our honeymoon, my husband and I were transferred to the Hogarth after Expedia overbooked us at the Best Western Paddington Court. The staff was very nice and accomodating. However the hotel was under renovation, and the first room we were in had a view of scaffolding, no hot water and no a/c during a heat wave. The staff did transfer us right away to a much larger, nicer room that did not look at scaffolding, that had hot water, but still had no a/c. The fan they gave us worked OK, but we didn't get a lot of sleep while staying at this hotel. Now I do recommend this hotel after renovation. The rooms are nice, and will be nice when there is a/c; and the staff was wonderful. The location is great as well! What I do not recommend is booking this or any hotel in Europe or anywhere through Expedia! This was a horrible honeymoon due to their bad business, and all they have offered for compensation is a voucher for another hotel booked through them?!	
Jul 23 2005	Great Value for the money!	I saw this hotel and was attracted by the price. I figured that in Earls Court and at the price I paid, that this would be nothing more than a tourist class Hotel. Was I ever wrong!! Even though the hotel was under construction at the time we were there, our room was completely remodeled. The bathroom had all new modern fixtures and was impeccably clean. The actual room size surprised me, since this is London and rooms can be very small. The room was huge even by London standards! We paid about $89 USD a night and it was a short 3 minute walk from the Earls Court tube station. I understand the lobby has undergone a complete revovation and the new pictures are wonderful from what I have seen. I will honestly recommend this hotel and will stay there again for the location and for the great job they did on the renovation. I have no idea why they got such horrible reviews from others since the hotel was a bargain even at the price I paid. Normally you get what you pay for, but this was a nice surprise!	
Jul 21 2005	What a Mess	We were sent to the Hogarth when our original hotel overbooked. After dropping by around noon to ensure they knew about our transfer, we set out to see the city. Returning that evening we found they still had not bothered to assign us a room and had to wait an additional half hour while they scrambled. The room they stuck us in was barely functional. the phone was missing, half of the lamps didn't work, and pieces were falling off the shower. Additionally the window and curtain were configured in such a way that it took two people to get the window open and past the curtains for any ventalation. The section of the hotel we were relegated too was also about 10 degrees warmer than the rest of the hotel. There was inadequate ventalation past the fire door it seems. I would never willingly stay at this hotel again...	
Jun 7 2005	Where to start....	This hotel is a disaster. As soon as you walk in you're greeted with the stench of wet paint, dozens of foreign builders making a racket, and a table with a cloth which is supposed to be the reception. The hotel is being refurnished and for the rooms it looks like they've started from the top down, since only the top two floors seemed safe enough to walk on. The room we got in is big enough for a double bed, and 1 person can walk around the sides of it but thats about all the room there is! The only good thing is that the room was actually quite nice (even with no space, broken locks, and switches falling off...)Anyway, my girlfriend and i spent the night in old street which is far away from the hogarth. we ended up getting back about 4am, looking forward to a good nights sleep (which is what you'd expect when you pay £54 a night). However, come 8am a horde of workers came past our room and into the room next to ours and were making such horrible noises until 9pm that night. i've never heard so much unnecessary noise. we had to get up so went out, but when we came back hoping to get some sleep they were still there shouting sawing banging etc... We asked reception if we could change room, and the girl who didnt seem to have a clue what she was doing just said 'oh well they should be done soon.' I asked why we cant just change and we were told they are fully booked (even though it was a ghost town apart from the workers. i saw a total of 3 guests the entire stay!) She also told us they wouldnt be there the next day.... but 8am again they arrive making terrible noise. we visited and phoned reception but obviously they wouldnt help.The icing on the cake was when they tried to charge us 39pence for calling reception to complain about the noise!If you read this review and the other recent ones you'll realise that this hotel is a very, very bad idea.Earls court is a good area for hotels but avoid this one like the plague.	
Jun 6 2005	No problems from my perspective	After reading all the poor reports recently posted, I was somewhat apprehensive about staying at the Hogarth for two weeks on business. Yes, the hotel is being refurbished. However, I encountered none of the problems listed by previous reviewers. I found, and continue to find, the desk staff, employees, and even the workers courteous and helpful. My room (a base single) is fully modern, including a plasma TV, safe, bar area, etc. and there have been no problems whatsoever. Obviously, it would have been nice to have the bar/restaurant open but I found the provision of a complementary breakfast delivered on-time to my room to be a more than adequate substitute. Had the renovations not been taking place I would have given it a higher rating, but it was not possible to evaluate the bar/restaurant. Overall, I have paid a lot more and gotten a lot less on my frequent trips to London than I have received at the Hogarth. As a marketing professional a word of advice when using these reviews: you will get two ends of the spectrum....the very satisfied and the very unsatisfied (usually the latter) which tend to represent only a small proportion of the overall consumer opinion.......	
May 24 2005	Disaster and a Hotel Name Change	This hotel will soon sport a name change--we suspect in order to escape its quite abysmal current guest treatment and reputation. The name will change to &quot;Shaftesbury Hotel,&quot; so let the tourist beware!Two examples of this hotel's guest treatment: 1, we asked for ice; they said they didn't provide it. I asked how they could get away with that since the hotel next door (The Enterprise) provided it and at a markedly cheaper room price (we had friends there). The answer was worthy of Basil Faulty: &quot;THAT hotel is not up to the standard of our hotel!&quot; 2, The bathroom had recently been remodeled (and workers were making loud hammering and sawing noises from 7:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. Mon-Sunday!--we assumed in an effort to remodel someone else's bathroom) and it appeared quite slick and trendy. . .except that the flush mechanism needed to be primed five times to effect a result, the bath drain cover had to be unscrewed and pulled out to dispose of the backed-up water, and the partial glass shower partition was so poorly designed the entire floor was awash after a five-minute shower!Several conversations in the single lift with French, Dutch, and Australian guests confirmed that the noise and laughable treatment were not unique to our floor or to us.	
May 16 2005	Dreadful Hotel	We stayed in theis hotel for 2 nights in April. The brochure claimed &quot;plasma TV, minibar,microwave,24hour room service&quot;.This was not the case. The three rooms I saw had none of these features and the receptionist seemed bemused when I asked him about the room service. He said the rooms were undergoing renovation &quot;bit by bit&quot;. The seconf room didn't evern have a wardrobe, simply a 3 drawer chest for storage. We were also not warned, until we had checked in, that the renovations were very noisy, so relaxing in the room at any time during the day was out of the question. My husband tried to wait for me in the bar at 6pm but was told that it was not open - this is the first supposed 4star hotel I have ever visited whose bar is closed to residents at that time of the evening.All in all, I would never visit this hotel again, and would advise anyone thinking about it to check directly with the hotel about the renovation works and the standard of the rooms.	
May 12 2005	Do not stay here You have been warned!!	THIS IS A BUILDING SITE, Hotel from hell! Got them to transfer me to another hotel! Breathing in dust, no curtains in the room, room doors do not open!Do NOT Stay Here, OR it will ruin YOUR DAY!!	
Mar 6 2005	excellent value above average	I spent 3 nights at the Hogarth Hotel in February with my 2 children and found both the hotel &amp; staff to exceed my expectations.The room had a very modern bathroom, balcony &amp; was cleaned to a very high standard each day. I found the area ideal as it was just a short tube ride from the all the sights, there are plenty of restaurants nearby &amp; i felt perfectly safe walking back to the hotel late in the evening.My only negative comment would be the renovation that was being carried out during my stay, but as any noise was throughout the daytime it barely affected my stay.I booked through a discount hotel website&amp; paid £69 a night for a triple room with continental breakfast which i thought was excellent value.I would stay there again &amp; not hesitate to recomend the hotel to family or friends.	
Mar 3 2005	Good place good hotel and some problems	My friends and I have spent four nights at this hotel last week. The first problem was, that, after having asked me for my visa card and AFTER checked in, we were told that they were refurnishing the rooms, and mooving them all from the first floor to the fourth foor... and all that afternoon! what bad luck....we could not have our rooms ready until 20h or 20h 30h in the evening (it was 15h in the afternoon) so, we left our lugage there and went out to the city, but we were really upset, because we would have liked to acced to our rooms, unpack, and took some things from inside the lugage. Anyway, I told the receptionist how annoyed we were, above all about the fact of the way we checked in, without the option of changing the hotel if we had wanted.When we came back that evening, they gave us a really nice room, a little small, but decent one...very clean, totally new bathroom, and we were invited to have breakfast free in their buffet every day, to apologize for the trouble (it was not included in our room´s price at first).We paid the day before leaving, because we had to take a taxi at 5 am, so, at the very time of the depart, the guy in the reception desk asked us about some money left we had to pay, he couldn´t say why, but he was sure we ought to....he wasn´t even able to look for our bill in the PC... really a mess... so, I had to get really ungry with him, shout a bit, and left the hotel in a bad tempered way.Now, it´s up to you.	
Feb 18 2005	Lovely hotel	The thing i loved about this hotel were the staff being so friendly. The manager was really helpful with giving us information on where to visit and dine in londonBreakfast was good and also having the car park in the hotel was excellent as parking is a nightmare in london. Good value for money too with a low cost per person per night. Would definately recommend to friends and family	
Jan 20 2005	Never Again...	I only spent one night at the Hogarth hotel, and it was more than enough!Firstly, the area. Close to the tube station, which is what I wanted, but walking down the road to the hotel itself was an experience - one which I would not like to relive again! I refused to be out at night, and came back while it was still light. I didnt feel safe there at all.The staff were friendly when I checked in, took my card details and gave me my key after asking me if I'd requested a smoking or non smoking room.I got to my room, which was clearly smoking (which I hadnt asked for) and found it to be dirty. The carpet was filthy, the bedsheets weren't clean. I went into the bathroom, to find the sink plug rusted shut, the tiles falling off the walls and the towels stained and dirty. The bath tub was dirty, and disgusting, I refused to even use it.My request for a room change was ignored, apparently they were fully booked, which I dont understand really because I only saw two other people the whole two days I was there.That night, I also discovered that the lock on the door didnt work properly, and the card slot cover on the back of the door wasnt even fixed. I spent the whole night unable to sleep properly because I didnt feel safe. BAck to the area itself, throughout the night all I could hear was people shouting and fighting outside.I may have gotten a good deal on the price, but I would rather spend twice as much and stay in a decent hotel in the future.	
Dec 18 2004 	Not bad - not great	I got a late rate for this hotel at £45 for a double room, so for that price I was pretty happy with what I got, BUT... They had a power cut just before I checked-in, so there was no hot water for 2 hours....I was not told this when I checked in though, had to ring reception when I found only cold water, to be told the reason why. They checked me into a twin by mistake and were not too bothered by this inconvenience to me. The bathroom was not very clean and the room was VERY noisy. The radiators made a terrible noise every hour, on the hour for the whole night.I would not go back there.	
Dec 2 2004	my first review	I've stayed in about 15 hotels in london over the last 5 years and this is the only one i would go back too. The staff were fantastic (not just to me but to some quite distasteful people they were dealing with). The room was big, clean, comfortable and cheap. The underground parking was great (£20/day is about right). It's very handy for heathrow and central london. The breakfast and breakfast staff were good. I hope it keeps these staff and it's current level of standards.	
Nov 9 2004	quite happy	My wife and I were quite pleased with what we found. The neighborhood is great with nice pubs and restaurants around. We walked to many of the main attractions, and it's 2 minutes from the subway. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was small but not cramped. The bathroom was clean. small tv was great. I'd compare it to a small Howard Johnson here in Toronto, Canada.	
Nov 4 2004	A pleasant surprise	My booking was made through a travel agent in Australia who had no first hand reports on the hotels she had to offer and so all I had to go on were the reviews on the web. Whilst not universely great those for The Hogarth contained no horror stories and so I booked for a week in a single room and hoped for the best.I have to say that, for once, I made the right decision. The room was of a good size (especially for a single), the bathroom was very adequate and the daily cleaning was definitely up to standard. I found the staff without exception very helpful and can honestly say that I had no complaints at all.I dread booking my stays in London as hassles with accomodation can easily ruin a holiday but, if they keep up this standard, I think my future visits will certainly have a lower stress level.	
Sep 5 2004	Great Value Break	Not a promising start to my London break was the fact that the hotel is in the throws of changing its name to the Cresta Hotel , I believe, such that the only indication of its original name was of two A4 sheets of laminated paper, stuck to wooden boards, propped against the outside pavement wall, saying &quot;The Hogarth Hotel&quot;!Another surprise, due to arranging this over the Internet, was the Arabic decor of the dining area (hookahs, poofs, brass tables, drapes, rugs, etc)and the all middle Eastern staff! They were however, most polite and helpful. The included Continental Breakfast (59 GBP per night, twin room, B&amp;B) was plentiful - give the tea a miss though!The room was very clean, with beverage making facilities, TV, Internet conn. key card door. Basement car parking was 20 GBP per night but that is a reasonable price for peace of mind against any street damage or theft and the ever-present Traffic Wardens and Clampers prowling the streets.Only about 300 yards from the Earls Court Tube Station, local shops and a little bit further on to the Kensington High Street major shopping area.	
Aug 20 2004	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night myself and two friends in a triple room. We were really impressed by the reception and the general cleanliness of the hotel. The location is 1st class especially if you are going to a concert in Earls Court. Would recommend to anyone.	
Aug 7 2004	Below par	Travel agency booked this stay, and after a great week at the Observatoire Luxembourg-Paris, I figured our London hotel (a 2 week stay) would be nice as well. Wrong! The room was spacious by European standards, and there was a small balcony. The Earl's Court Tube station was extremely convenient, and the food at breakfast adequate. Cleanliness, however, was a serious issue. One bedcover had what appeared to be vomit on it. I called the desk and notified housekeeping. No change. I tried again. Nothing. I striped the bed and put the bedding in the hall. It was removed from the hallway, but none was brought to replace it for the duration of our stay. The bathroom floor was dirty (dirt, bobby pins from previous guest) on arrival and was not swept or cleaned during our stay.There was a lovely tray was supplies for tea and coffee. I was somewhat disconcerted that the cups were not washed or changed out each day, just left there to be used the next day.Service in the breakfast area was spotty. Over the 2 weeks, we had three days of really nice service, once we found a friendly server, tipped her well and sought out her table on subsequent mornings. The remainder of the staff seemed quite unhappy to work there.	
Jul 13 2004	Just an ordinary hotel!		
Jul 1 2004	A very pleasant stay		
Jun 28 2004	Do Not Stay There!		
Jun 20 2004	overpriced but rooms larger than normal		
Apr 14 2004	Hotel stay was overall nice		
Jan 21 2004	Great Deal		
Aug 6 2003	nice hotel but overpriced		
Jul 17 2003	Excellent Value for the Price		
Apr 28 2003	The Hogarth Hotel		
Apr 18 2003	Great location		
Oct 1 2009 	Impeccable!		
Mar 23 2009 	belle chambre renovée avec fenetre		
Feb 19 2009 	NOon andateci		
Jul 9 2008 	Una bella sorpresa		
