Oct 19 2009 	Perfect in every way!	Beautiful old hotel. The best of everything from service to food to room...you name it, every possible luxury was provided...happily. Probably the nicest hotel experience I have ever had! I arrived after 3 weeks of traveling with a group and I was down to my last nerve. I did not have a reservation but the gentleman at the desk quickly picked up that I needed some pampering and gave me a BEAUTIFUL suite and some much needed TLC.	
Mar 3 2009 	Wanted to see what it was all about	We liked the Savoy, it was beautiful and the room was large and nicely decorated (traditionally speaking). We stayed for 1 night as we wanted to check out a higher-end historic hotel for our last night before flying back to Ottawa. With FX rates what they are, and the fact that London hotels are expensive anyway we ended up paying close to $500 CAD for the night. I think I was expecting more for the price - maybe a bit more of a &quot;wow&quot; factor, but overall we thought the hotel was fine. Great location for sure, close to the Tube. I think next time we visit London we'll look for something less expensive and more modern, but that has more to do with taste and lifestyle than the fact that we found something wrong with this hotel.	
Nov 21 2008 	The icon of historic London hotels	[Of note, this review is of (somewhat) historical significance due to the renovations due to be completed in 2009.] Length of stay: 11 nightsCheck-in: Taxi from the train station to the hotel. Flawless check in. The porter (Tony) was the consummate professional, offering to pay the taxi for me when the cab had misplaced my fare. Accomodations: Basic single room befitting a single traveller who came to London to see the sights. The room was clean and functional. VERY nice bathroom with walk-in shower. I agree with earlier reviewers that the hotel in general was beginning to show its wear, especially noticed in the halls.Dining: I sampled everything from the Savoy Grill to In-Room Dining to the Thames Foyer (for both breakfast and tea) and the American Bar. Impressive all the way around. The tea in particular was excellent and blew away the Ritz; Savoy Grill is a solid one-star Michelin.Location: London is big enough that I don't know if there is a hotel in a perfect location, but I was within walking distance of many of the theaters (Vaudeville, Savoy, Adelphi) and the Opera. Charing Cross is the nearest Underground station.Service: Impressive all the way through with some missteps. Turn down service was missed on two of the 11 nights and room service entered a couple of times without notice. The concierge services were notable (reservations at The Square on a moments notice). Tony the porter/bellboy was again very gracious, the master of casual conversation when necessary and professionalism when required.Cost: Appropriate for the overall experience.Summary: I look forward to visiting again in the years to come. The hotel was definitely due for refurbishment and I hope many of the staff return.	
Oct 29 2008 	Old London luxury	I stayed here with my partner and his family for one night while we went to see a show. We were on a reduced rate due to family working there so I cannot comment on value for money but I loved this place. The rooms were so cosy and warm feeling, the bed was amazing and the whole atmosphere was just warm and welcoming. Not sleek and stylish but like being wrapped in a cosy vintage blanket. The bathroom was a problem, as pointed out by a sign in there, that the bath is very high and it's very easy to slipon the floor getting in and/or out. I read the sign and thought 'oh right maybe for oldies' and then went on to slip myself and I was and agile early 20s so be careful! However, I still give 5/5 as the service, location, atmosphere of the property was so enjoyable. Perhaps the location isn't right for everyone but it all depends on where you want to be!	
Aug 1 2008	A bad location and the restaurants overpriced	The Savoy is one of those old grand hotels like the Plaza or Pierre in New York. But.....Our room was very old and again on the small side. While we had a lovely view of the Themes River, it is in the West End which is an awful location unless you are going to the theatre every night, which we only did once. The Grill on the top floor is very good as well as Banquette for something more casual. The only London hotel I've stayed in with an indoor pool which was very handy. The afternoon tea in the lobby lounge was decent and the bar was nice.	
Jun 4 2008 	What a fantastic room	I stayed here for 2 weeks on a business trip and this hotel was fantastic! I was looked after so well. My room was huge (it was a corner room) and it had a large, updated, white bathroom with 2 sinks. I came home each evening to a fresh bowl of whole fruit that was always something in season. The staff were courteous and helpful. I can't say enough about this hotel. The location was okay. I do recall taking taxis everywhere and would take the tube to/from work each day in Canary Wharf, which took about 30-40 minutes. I felt very spoiled during my stay here	
Feb 11 2008 	Fantastic	I stayed at the savoy last February with my husband and three year old daughter.On arrival we were greeted by warm welcoming staff who ensured our car was seen to immediatly they even handed our daughter a lovely teddy bear! When we got up to our room we found we had been upgraded to a suite and there were champagne and chocolates waiting for us (my husband had informed the desk that it was my birthday) this was all free of charge.The hotel is lovely rooms are clean with enormous beds and spacious bathrooms.To top it all off the view of the Thames was fantastic.Although pricey the Savoy is worth every penny and i cannot wait to return.	
Jan 1 2008 	Nice Experience in an old hotel	Stayed at the Savoy for two nights in September. The hotel has a nice location, close to public transport. The hotel has an old school glamour to it, but you can also see that some things are worn and outdated. We prefer more modern hotels. The room was a good size and clean. We did the afternoon tea, and that was a nice experience. Overall a good stay.	
Dec 13 2007 	Great Service	The Savoy is pricey - but well worth it - especially if you can get it on a &quot;special&quot; of one sort or another. Centrally located in downtown London, it is a great location for those who don't want to, or can't, spend their time (and money) going into and out of London. I was there with my 82 year old disabled father who was visiting London for the first time since the battle of Britian in 1943-44. He was treated like royalty by the staff and especially by the engineers !! When dad's scooter needed a replacement screw at 8pm - the engineering department, which is open 24 hours a day) had it fixed in a half an hour !! When we checked in at 8am, we were given a courtesy &quot;early check in&quot; and they even gave us an upgraded room, which was large enough for his scooter. In fact we could have put three or four scooters in that room !! The service and amenities are the Fairmont 5 star treatment that I have grown to love and appreciate. Evening turn down service, shoes shined at night, newspaper at the door in the morning, and a high speed internet connection make staying at any Fairmont a treat - and the Savoy was an especially delightful treat. Although the hotel is not entirely handicap accessible, the staff went out of their way to try to help dad get around. I understand that the Savoy is closing in 12/2007 for renovations, and that handicap accessibility is something they are going to try to remedy when it reopens.The hotel has one 110volt outlet per room, and they will loan you a voltage converter if you need more outlets. I brought a 6 plug &quot;strip&quot; and by using that we had plenty of outlets to charge the scooter, my camera, and the other devices we carried.While we were there I had a cocktail (or two) in the &quot;American Bar&quot; and saw dozens of photos of movie stars on the walls. It seems that this is THE place in London for the rich and famous to stay. It is rumored that Frank Sinatra would not stay anywhere but the Savoy when he visited London, and the same for Elizabeth Taylor. In fact, when dining at the upscale Savoy Grill, the wait staff may tell you which table was Sinatra's favorite, or which was the favorite for Winston Churchill. I met some folks at the American Bar that were Rolling Stones groupies. They invited me to a party the following evening at Simpsons on the Strand (one of three or four restaurants in the Savoy). I declined as the party didn't start until after the Stones concert was over with at 1am. The following morning at 5am the entire Rolling Stones came through the lobby and it was then that I discovered that I had declined an invitation to party with the Rolling Stones !! Next time I will be more prepared to rub elbows with the rich and famous.	
Dec 9 2007 	Stately reputation no longer deserved.	This hotel needs $50m spent on it to re-qualify as 5-star. The rooms &amp; amenities are incredibly old &amp; tired. I stayed at The Savoy in the middle of a London heatwave &amp; the air-conditioning in my room didn't work. The toilet didn't flush at all initially &amp; even after repeated attempts to repair it, it didn't flush consistently. The battery in the safe went flat so I couldn't retrieve my passport when it came time to check-out. Far from being attentive, I found the service pretentious &amp; insincere. I felt annoyed &amp; imposed upon when a different member of staff knocked on my door every 90 minutes to ask if &quot;everything was ok with the room&quot;. Especially as they were not the least bit responsive or helpful when everything was not &quot;ok&quot;. Between the constant knocking &amp; repeated attempts to repair the air-conditioning, the toilet &amp; the safe, I felt like a member of staff was in my room 80% of the time that I was. The Savoy trades on its stately reputation, but it is no longer deserved.	
Nov 17 2007 	Old Fashioned Elegance	Stayed for 3 nights and loved it. Our Junior River View Suite was really just a large-ish room, but we had a balcony overlooking the Thames and a postcard view of Saint Paul's. Bed and bathroom are super-comfortable. The place is definitely ready for its refurb, but still beautiful and graceful. Staff was efficient and friendly. The American Bar is probably my favorite hotel bar in the world, with its chatty and elegant host. Tea in the front restaurant is a wonderful experience.Location is extremely convenient for sightseeing and metro stops.There really is something special about the Savoy...you get a sense of tradition and understated elegance that is missing at other hotels. It has a bit less of a 'wow' factor than the Dorchester but I like it better for its clubby and traditional feel. I hope this feeling survives the refurb in December.	
Nov 12 2007 	Ladies 	I like this Hotel. Its quintessentially English. It does white gloved afternoon tea. It has a hotel brolly and stand in the bedroom waiting for you and if you're a guy you wont be able to leave the men's room unless first brushed down by the attendant who'll find some fluff on your jacket somewhere that's for sure. Ghastly stuff that fluff!The Hotel is located right bang in the middle of London. It's five minutes from the Thames, a tube station, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square. It is also close to more theatres than you could possibly hope to do in a long weekend including of course The Savoy Theatre which is right next door to the hotel. Guys you have all the gentlemen's menswear shops you could possibly wish for not even a cricket ball's toss from the front of the hotel. We had a room with a side view of the Thames but I'm guessing that the Suites at the back would all have a gorgeous view of the river, the London Eye and of course, Big Ben.The hotel is populated by Ladies and Gentlemen all of whom have a taste for the finer things in life. Yes there are people there too that have probably saved hard to enjoy this fine hotel once in their life. But these are people who know how to behave and how to enjoy great food and drink and abuse neither.The service is first class without being too deferential or sycophantic. They've got the balance just right. Ladies &amp; gentlemen looking after ladies and gentlemen right through. Enjoy!	
Nov 7 2007 	Not worth your money	Before we arrived at the Savoy we were very excited because we had heard some good reviews about the hotel and we usually prefer to stay at a Fairmont hotel when we travel. However, staying at The Savoy has changed our minds forever. We came across numerous issues and were very disappointed in the way we were treated by their personnel. We found the hotel to be very old - elevator was always stopping at the wrong floor, we had problems with our toilet - it would not flush. We called for servicing several times and they could not fix the issue. We asked if we could change our rooms, but the maintenance person said it was too late in the evening to do so and there were no rooms available. The staff was not very knowledgeable and was unable to assist us with our travel plans when we asked for directions. They kept transferring the call to someone else and it took awhile before they could find someone who knew the answer. We also found the staff to be misleading - they advise the client wrong/misleading info and try to blame the client for their mistake. We think the hotel is overrated and needs alot of work on the decor, but more importantly find personnel who are knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and honest. We will definitely not stay nor recommend this hotel to any of our family and/or friends. Maybe the Hilton would've been a better choice....	
Nov 7 2007 	Absolutely Amazing	Almost impossible to describe with words. But I have to simplify I would say this is one of the best hotel you could stay, so much history, great location and service, perfect!Great restaurants within the hotel, and the best Sunday brunch I ever had in my life, from seafood to carving station, chocolate fountain, and the best part, unlimited “Laurent Perrier” Champagne.The hotel is closing for renovations soon, but it is definitely something to experience before the renovations are done, if you are going to London before mid-December you should definitely consider The Savoy as your hotel of choice. It might cost more than you like to pay, but I can assure is worth.	
Oct 29 2007 	First Class	The Savoy is a first class experience from start to finish. It is due to close at the end of this year and reopen in 2009. I hope that it loses none of it's charm and character once the renovations have been completed.When we checked in, the friendly but professional receptionist advised me that our room was not ready. However, she advised that this would not be a problem and that she was upgrading us to a suite!The suite was the best hotel room I have stayed in within the United Kindom. Spacious and clean, it also featured a massive en-suite marble bathroom with a large bath and fabulous separate walk-in shower.The service was impeccable at all times throughout the hotel and the food was delicious.This was our third stay at The Savoy in as many years and we will definitely return when it reopens, providing that it does not lose its endearing character and charm.	
Sep 20 2007 	Get there before the refurb	Having been to The Savoy a number of times for business meetings it was always a hotel I have wanted to stay at not only for the history but also for it’s location. However the cost has always been a little hard to bear. You can imagine my pleasure when idly scanning through hotels.com and seeing the hotel’s latest offer of £99 pppn including continental breakfast.I booked and treated my wife for a 2 night surprise visit. Apparently the cheaper rates are due to the fact that the hotel is closing at Christmas for one year to undergo a refurbishment. Does it need a refurbishment? Probably is the answer but it isn’t tatty. More like faded but still impressive.From the moment we walked through the doors we were made very welcome indeed. The doormen were attentive and eager to help. The reception staff were efficient and courteous (showed us to our room, happens infrequently these days). This was the standard for the whole stay. The room was great if you like Art Deco. We do, and we loved it. From the curved doors to the best bathroom I think I have ever had in a hotel everything was just as I expected. Bathrobes, slippers quality shampoos and the like were also in the room. There was even a small stationary set in the desk.The continental breakfast was very good indeed. Smoothies and mini muffins to start with. Orange juice on tap. An almost limitless choice of tea’s and a basket of breads and pastries. More than sufficient and as always the service was of the highest calibre.We didn’t eat at the hotel but a menu for the Savoy grill indicated a three course meal for £60. There are apparently another 6 restaurants in the hotel as well. We did have a drink in the American bar late on Saturday night and it was a nice experience. Pianist, nice atmosphere and, again, great service. Expensive? On face value yes. £30 for two cocktails. But I personally think it’s worth it.Finally the location. Two minute walk to Covent Garden and five minutes to Trafalgar Square and Charing Cross Tube. I don’t think there is a better spot for tourists. If you baulk at hotel mini bar prices, we do at any hotel not just The Savoy, there is a Tesco express on the corner of The Strand and Lancaster Place/Waterloo Bridge 2 minutes away.You should stay at this hotel at least once in your life. You should probably stay before they refurbish it, it’s like going to the old Wembley, just one of those places you should see. You never know, Americans own it now, they may make a hash of the refurb and ruin it forever. No disrespect to any Americans intended.Service like this doesn’t seem to exist in hotels anymore and I’ve stayed in plenty all around the world for business and pleasure. I for one am prepared to pay a premium for it but it’s nice to get a bargain once in a while.	
Sep 3 2007 	The Savoy in London's West End Theatre District	The Savoy isn't the reputed, 7 star Burj Al Arab in Dubai, Arab Emirates which costs 60 Euros just to step inside for a glimpse of its dazzling lobby. No, The Savoy, located on The Strand (in London's West End theatre district) has far more history and class behind it to set such pretentious and insolent limits. Frankly, a curious tourist could walk inside and enjoy the elegant, calming atmosphere of The Savoy without much ado. With limited budget, they could make their way to the &quot;Banquette&quot; and enjoy chef/patron Marcus Wareing's delightful concoctions. And, if you return the staff's politeness, you just might get the best seat in this informal setting--in the corner, in the far end, closest to the kitchen, overlooking the drive where one can watch the guests stepping out of their elegant cars and into the Art Deco style lobby of one of the most historic hotels in London. Opened in 1889 with 263 rooms and suites, The Savoy has seen history played out in its resplendent halls. Starting with the management of Cesar Ritz from Paris, chef Auguste Escoffier, and master of wine Louis Echenard (maitre d'hotel), the hotel became known for an unparalleled attention to detail and innovation. It was not uncommon to see guests such as Sarah Bernhardt, Lily Lantry, or even Edward VII seeking out the hotel's impeccable service. Sir Winston Churchill, Eleanor Roosevelt, Charlie Chaplin, and many many others have ventured through the doors of The Savoy. In 1953, Queen Elizabeth II was crowned. The Savoy threw &quot;the ball of the century&quot; on the evening of Coronation day.In short, few hotels could possibly try to replicate the feeling and ambience that are invoked at this fascinating place. And, for a weery travel such as myself, it was a relaxing haven where I found myself writing short stories and--in general--feeling creative. So many memories seemed to be floating around the halls and the rooms that it was difficult to capture all of the words and the emotions that sprange from brain to fingers. To add to the quality of the visit, the polite staff were everywhere greeting their guests, attempting to be helpful and welcoming. The rooms were not extensive but warm, inviting, relaxing, calming, clean, and carried the theme of Art Deco throughout. And, the garden, just steps away, was simply an extension of the hotel itself. Another of many ways to relax and enjoy the brief moments one has to be peaceful.Note: sorry but, due to renovations, the hotel plans to be closed from Dec/2007 thru 2009.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fabulous hotel	We had a wonderful stay at the Savoy for our first visit to London. The location is so convenient, I would hesitate to stay anywhere else.Check-in was quick and pleasant. As we arrived about 9 am, our room was not ready, but they took my cell phone number to contact us while we saw something of the city. They took care of our luggage and we were off. We received a call about noon from the front desk that our room was ready.The gentleman who showed us to our room was very nice, asking about out plans and even made some suggestions.Our room was very nice, with a view of Waterloo Bridge. Soft sheets, plenty of soft pillows..but the real highlight is the bathroom! At the end of our first day, we were tired and achey. Well, the tub is big enough for two and filled so quickly, there is even a sign not to leave the room to avoid floods. With the provided bath salts, that tub really hit the spot. Of course, I later fell in love with the rainshower fixture. I have to figure out how to get one at my house.Continental breakfast was included and it was always delightful to enjoy it in the Riverview Restaurant. Once we saw how much it would have cost if it hadn't been included, we made sure not to miss it! The room is lovely and the service is great. If we wanted to upgrade to the full buffet, it would have been 5 pounds more per person, but we never thought that was necessary. We did need it delivered to out room one morning when we were taking the Eurostar to Paris for the day and needed to eat before the dining room was open. There was a 6 pound charge to deliver it to the room, but it was worth it.Another treat was the American Bar. We met a wonderful server Claire and a great bartender James. They helped us have a blast one night!The doormen were always great, the room was always spotless and the concierge always answered every question. One even made a great suggestion where we could find a good curry! It was very good, by the way. Oh, and we had a treat our first evening when they left a little cake in honor of my birthday, which we were celebrating on this trip! It was delicous. What else can I say? An historic hotel, especially if you appreciate Gilbert &amp; Sullivan, with fantastic service! I would stay here again.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location!	We just returned from our stay at the Savoy. We absolutely loved the hotel and had a wonderful time. Our rooms were recently remodeled and on the second floor right up the stairs and around the corner from the lobby. I think the room numbers were 201 and 202. Since we had our two teens with us, we had two connecting rooms. They connected through a hallway, not through the actual rooms. This meant we used one door to acess both rooms. It was not a family room. We actually liked these rooms better because they each had a bathroom. They did not really have views, but the rooms were big and the bathrooms were amazing! The rainshower was the highlight of the bathroom. It was so hard going from these rooms to the ones at the Westin in Paris. They just could not compare. The buffet breakfast every morning (included in our rate) was great! We loved the tea and hot chocolate. The staff remembered our names and greeted us each day. Everyone was nice and helpful. One complaint I would have is that when we checked in they asked me what newspaper I wanted delivered to our room. They did not tell me it would be an extra charge. When I checked out I found out they charged me three pounds a day for the paper. Other than that we loved our stay at the Savoy. I would absolutely stay there again. Just to let you know, they did tell me that the hotel will be closing in late December for a complete remodel and will open again about a year later.	
Aug 17 2007 	A superb experience!	We stayed at the Savoy for two nights in August 2007. It was a 'hotel/show' package, but was still quite expensive compared with our usual practices! We were a bit 'apprehensive' about whether it would be 'posh', and whether we'd be the 'poor relations', having done a package. We couldn't have been more wrong! from the friendly. warm greeting from the commissionaire, to the reception staff, porters, maids, restaurant staff and everyone we met. They were professional, but relaxed, friendly, helpful, welcoming. It was a great experience!. Our package included continental breakfast, but for £5.00, (£5.00!) we upgraded to the full and mignificent buffet! The room (de luxe) was large, with a huge bathroom. In no time we were really used to being in the Savoy! If you're simply thinking about it, just do it!!!	
Aug 13 2007	Dissapointed	Took my wife for her 30 birthday as a special treat but i found the savoy to be anything but special. Having stayed at other various 5 star hotels in london we had high expectations of the savoy. We stayed in a one bedroom suite. The carpets looked like they had been layed around 30 years ago by blind men. The toilet didn't want to flush. The bed was small and as soft as a marshmellow and dipped in the centre. We both had back pain in the morning. The bath and a chip in the middle. The room needs fully refurbishing. We had dinner in the Thames Foyer at around 9. The restaurant was very quite but while the staff were friendly they was very slow. We didn't recieve the attention we thought we would considering the place was empty and costly. Overall the staff were helpful but i left this hotel wishing i had gone somewhere else.	
Aug 9 2007 	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Location	I took my entire family to the Savoy for 9 nights in July and August and we were completely satisfied. We booked interconnecting rooms. One room for the children and one for my wife and me. The interconnecting family rooms don’t have the views that the other rooms do, but they were large and very comfortable. There was no charge for a roll away bed for my 2 year old either.The location is great and we could move easily about London by going to the close by (5 minute walk through the Thames entrance) Embankment stop or the bus stop across the street. We could walk to the Waterloo Underground stop as well. We also walked to Buckingham Palace (35 minute walk through St. James park past Trafalgar Square) and the London Eye (15 minutes), Big Ben (15 minutes), Westminster Abbey (20 minutes). So, its location was very convenient.The staff was terrific. The housekeeping was a little different than we were used to, but I think it is an English housekeeping issue and not the staff, i.e. not removing glasses of water where there is a minute amount of water remaining in the glass.Our kids spent some time in the pool which is small and indoors, but they had fun and it was a nice respite from walking through the city.We read the prior reviews regarding the exorbitant costs for the restaurants in the hotel and avoided them all together. This proved fairly easy since there is a nice café in the park on the Thames side of the hotel which we ate breakfast in a few times. Additionally, the hotel is very close to other cafes (Café Nero, Starbucks), chain restaurants (Wagemama), and traditional English restaurants (Porters). So, one can easily go without eating in the hotel and save a few hundred pounds.Our only issue, which is minor and we hope will be resolved with the reconstruction to begin in December of 2007, is the labyrinth of hallways and stairs to get the elevators from the Thames entrance. With children and a stroller, it proved to be very tiresome. However, this inconvenience was vastly outweighed by the terrific service and amenities of the Savoy.	
Jul 9 2007 	Excellent Location	What makes a 5 Star, a 5 Star?I personally would not rate the hotel as a 5 star, 4 star plus possibly.Don't get me wrong there is nothing at all wrong with the Savoy, it is a very good hotel in probably the best location in London. The rooms are of a large size, the beds are comfortably the bathrooms are great.For the cost of staying here, I was maybe expecting something a bit more. I suspect alot of the guests at the Savoy don't even think the rates are expensive. Especially when in the lobby I overhead an American trying to get theatre tickets for Mamma Mia that night. He was charged by the hotel about £80.00 per head, if he had walked to the theatre approx 10 mins away, would probably not have paid more than £50.00 per head. To the hotel's credit they did advise him of this.All in all a good hotel, where the location is second to none. To be honest the premier travel inn at county hall is one of the best least expensive hotels that I have stayed in London.	
Jul 2 2007	Valentine weekend	A trruly 5 star hotel with impecable serivce and unfortunately prices to match. Afternoon absolutely fantastic but £35 a head as was breakfast at £25 per head	
Jun 25 2007 	Love the hotel hate the mean spirited extra charges!	A special occasion demands a special hotel, and our stay at The Savoy delivered most of what I had hoped for when I booked the 1 night stay for me and my wife. The positives? A top welcome from Tony, the friendly and efficient doorman who took care of the valet parking arrangements for me and insisted on helping me in with my bags. The room itself was one of the art deco originals and although in need of modernisation it had all the atmosphere and charm that I had hoped for. Superb bed, with great linen and acres of room to stretch out. Massive bath, of Olympian proportions in a traditional and spotless marble bathroom. And binding the whole thing together was a sense of history and all round specialness that The Savoy has exuded for over a century.And the negatives? Unexceptional check-in and no offer of assistance with luggage – made me feel almost invisible as I staggered away with my bags towards the single lift serving guest floors. The extra charges for almost anything consumed, including the bottle of water left on the dressing table, with a Lewis Carroll style label around the neck, inviting the guest to ‘Drink me!’ then to discover that a whopping £5.00 would be added to the bill. The minibar was astronomically overpriced – we debated the relative merits of opting for the £4.00 Pringles or the £6.50 nuts (we picked the nuts in the end, in a flourish of indulgence). And then there was the £1.50 phone charge for calling the Banquette restaurant, which is part of the hotel – deducted from bill with apology from check out clerk, but it just shouldn’t have been there in the first place. The VAT on top of the published rate is just a racket as far as I’m concerned, but so many of the ‘better’ hotels seem to quote this way. And as a finale, there was the ‘discretionary’ 5% service charge added to the bill, which I felt obliged to pay, even though the door staff and restaurant staff had been taken care of previously with adequate tips. Of course, I have the money and the amounts are relatively small - it's just a point of principle that when the little touches are all charged so ruthlessly, the sense of welcome becomes diluted by the strictness of the accounting process.A very grand hotel that gave us what we wanted, but the art of hospitality was a little thinner on the ground that I am used to in other parts of the world. Perhaps it’s just a London thing?	
Jun 24 2007 	WOW The Savoy!	I still find it hard to believe we stayed at The Savoy!What a lovely, grand hotel, a true delight in every way.We found the service to be superb, they go out of their way to make you feel very welcome, and are not stuffy! Classically art deco throughout. Our room was spacious, with a FANTASTIC view of the Thames! Bathroom was beautiful with the memorable rainfall shower! Had room service evening meal in our room one night and the service was outstanding. Only negative was a few things looked a little tired, but that almost goes along with the whole art deco theme, so it excuses it...at least in my mind.Very expensive, but worth it just for the memories! Enjoy!	
May 16 2007 	Great New Years Eve	We stayed here one night for new years eve.Great great great... cannot say that enough.Expensive but really worth it.We arrived at 2pm to check in but the room was not ready so they treated us to a full English afternoon tea on the house or drinks in the american bar. At £70 for 2, the tea was great and better still free!..The service at this hotel is the best I have ever had.	
May 10 2007 	Brilliant! Loved it!	Wonderful...from the moment we arrived to the sad time 3 days later when we had to leave, this place is awesome. Kind, courteous staff, rooms beautifully done in grand elegance, crystal, glass, heavy drapery, and perfectly appointed lav. Robes, slippers, bath salts, everything we wanted and more! Quiet room, bed so comfy i could sleep forever, American Bar fun, lobby delightful (watched a couple become engaged!) everything perfect. Wish the dollar was better!	
Apr 21 2007	Still An Excellent Hotel	Using the Fairmont web-site I booked online only two hours prior to checking in.As you'd expect, of The Savoy and of a Fairmont hotel, it is excellent. In particular the service is, as one would hope, attentive and careful. The room was large, well equipped and comfortable, and the bathroom was almost as big as the main room.All in all, a very good hotel, excellently situated on the Strand near to Trafalgar Square and Covent Garden, with all the airs of excellence that one would hope for.	
Apr 20 2007 	Sheer class!	Booked a 3 night stay at the Savoy for our 10th wedding anniversary. We decided to splash out a little and book a junior Suite. There is agreat feeling when you arrive a such a top class hotel. We checked in to find that they had upgraded us to one of the master suites. We were personally escorted to our huge suite by very friendly staff. The view overlooking the Thames was fantastic.This set the tone for a wonderful 3 night break. The hotel staff were extremely friendly throughout. The Savoy is an expensive hotel. You have to expect things like food and drink to be expensive as well as your room. One thing you might not expect is that VAT is added on top of your room rate. So expect to pay at least 17.5% more than the rate quoted. On our final night we dined at the savoy Grill.The food was absolutely fantastic. The set 'sampler menu' is a 7 course delight!It costs £70 per head but is well worth it. But beware the drinks arepricey. Not many wines under £60 a bottle. With Service charge you won't get much change out of £250.If you stay at the Savoy you must expect top prices. In return you get the best Service I have ever experienced. But for a special occassion it's well worth pushing the boat out. Thanks Savoy for a great time we will never forget!	
Apr 18 2007 	Excellent experience	We love this hotel, my partner &amp; I alway stay here atleast twice a year sometimes with our daugther. The staff are as you'd expect from a 5* hotel as is the service. The rooms are immaculate, gorgeous bathrooms with rain forest shower heads. The Grill restaurant is superb-Gordon Ramsey has excellent menu choices. Great location for Covent Garden &amp; Simpsons on the Strand restaurant is just next door.	
Mar 28 2007 	Beats sleeping on the embankment	On my last day at school as we were saying our goodbyes my headmaster offered his hand and told me that &quot;You leave this school unscathed by education...I have no doubt you will eventually end up sleeping on the embankment.&quot; Well, he was sort of right when we checked into the fabled Savoy. This was a birthday treat for my wife and although we have eaten there before, staying would be a new experience. I was pleasantly surprised. We had booked a Deluxe King room and on arrival we were upgraded to a 6th. floor junior suite with a fabulous view over the River. The room was huge with beautiful plasterwork, a very comfortable bed and some nice pieces of furniture. The marble bathroom was smallish for the size of the room but had the most amazing deluge shower I have ever stood under. The staff were very helpful and greeted you whenever you passed them. Breakfast was the only let down. At these prices you don't expect thin sliced soggy toast. Overall a nice experience...I am sure you can do better for the money but there's only one Savoy.	
Mar 15 2007 	Wonderful but watch the cost!	We stayed here for one night only but it was lovely. The room was expensive but the rate did not include VAT which was an unpleasant surprise. We had the buffet for breakfast which was ridiculously expensive (not realising, I only had a bowl of cereal which cost me the full &quot;all you can eat&quot; rate of £27!!!! The frosties were not even gold plated!!!) Service charges for room service were also on the excessive side and the mini bar was a shocker.That said, however, we did not expect it to be cheap, and our stay was wonderfully memorable. I would not do it too often, but overall the experience was worth it! The room was lovely (awful view but suppose they cannot help what they are surrounded by), and the bed was perhaps the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The shower was amazing and though my other half had had a bath only hours before, had to try it out as soon as we arrived.The staff were beyond reproach and nothing was too much trouble even when I parked my car randomly and blocked off the front of the hotel!	
Mar 13 2007 	Sad to say but this place could use a few changes	We travel alot and Love staying at fancy hotels and eating at gourmet restaurants and being pampered while on vacation. Unfortunately, we didn't feel entirely pampered at the Savoy. I read all the mixed reviews on this site before making my reservation because I hoped that the 5 star place where Claude Monet painted would be a wonderful experience. I am sad to report that the bad reviews were right. The front desk staff is young, and sometimes maybe immature, and the professionism was uneven to say the best. We arrived not feeling welcomed at all. Our first room (yes, we had to move) had a b'dai that didn't work and almost caused a flood while we were there. They did not handle it well. After someone came to the room to inspect, we were not offered another room, but we were told that a plumber would come the next day? After worrying about how we were going to plan our day around a plumber, we finally called and asked if we could be moved and they coplied which relieved us but we still had to pack up and plan around the move the next day. The second room was bigger, but really just acceptable by american standards. There were stains (food?) on the carpet, not too big but really something that looked liked it could have been cleaned better. The First room with the bad b'dai was too small, and there could have been a meter more length at least. One walked carefully betwen the bed and bureau but it had high ceilings and beautiful old details. The Marble bathrooms were pretty beautiful too, and the place is right on the RIver pracitically--which makes it a beautiful property. The Buffet Restaurant Staff were definitely well trained, and were very accommodating. The food Quality was excellent. The Banquette Restaurant staff were also great and the menu read well. We almost had dinner at the Savoy Grill which looked great too. The concierge staff were also helpful and very nice. Our highlight was HOT Stuff a restaurant recommended in the nytimes, where the proprietor TAJ was so Kind. I guess my feeling of Savoy is mixed too, my feeling is that I basically was not made to feel totally at home there, half the time, I was greeted warmly in the halls by the staff the other times made to feel awkward --but I can say that I won't be returning to the Savoy anytime soon. I did fully enjoy my time there but I wish it would have been more like I imagined it before now,	
Feb 4 2007 	Old and Overrated	I have stayed in a number of Fairmont properties and truly expected this to be the best of the best, based on the price and reputation of &quot;The Savoy&quot;. What a huge and I mean HUGE dissappointment. I will never stay there again and on the 2nd day considered rebooking at another hotel. We planned our trip for one week at the hotel and upon arriving we asked for a room upgrade. We were told we could upgrade for an additional $160 per night. So we passed! We were not granted early check-in even though I'm a President's Club member of Fairmont, so we had to go from an 8 hour flight to the hotel and then wait 6 hours for a room. The 2nd person that checked us in offered us a free room upgrade when we informed her of our anniversary! So, we went to the room and it was a 2 bedroom suite. It was fine, but nothing great at all, just seemed old. The bathroom had a tub/shower...and a rubber bathmat that slipped ever time you try to get in the tub. I fell 3 times getting into the tub. The bathroom is very, very old, not luxurious at all. The price for the room that we stayed in was approximately 450 pounds and if I had to pay that amount I would have been embarassed and mad because the room and hotel were just not resort-like or anywhere near a luxury hotel. I'm still kicking myself for not checking out of the hotel and moving elsewhere. The restaurants there were ok, very empty and very pretentious waitstaff. One drink in the bar will cost you $25. Also, the &quot;service charge&quot;, VAT and such add approximately $100 onto the cost of the already over priced room. Be warned: Stay elsewhere	
Jan 27 2007 	Amazing just wonderful!	Arriving at the Savoy my boyfriend and I were greeted by polite and very friendly staff. The building is amazing with alot of history.A nice little bar with piano playing in the back ground, a touch of class... The room was very nice and spacious and the shower was just delux! Found out there is a swiming pool on the roof top so do take advantage if you decide to stay. We staying in a king delux and champagne awaited us. To end a perfect evening my boyfreind did the down on one knee thing. Bless!!!! I said yes of course ( but made him wait till morning for an answer!)	
Jan 22 2007	Lovely family weekend at the famous Savoy	Spent Saturday night there, mid January with my wife and the twins (5 year old boys). My wife had booked the hotel plus dinner at the Savoy Grill as a 50th birthday present. In terms of staff, I cannot fault the experience; from doorman through to the Maitre d' at the restaurant, and everyone in between, were all just wonderful to us and the boys: not pretentious or stuffy or haughty (a slight fear for us) just kind, engaging and helpful. They very much helped make the weekend a delight.We booked a 'special' family experience for £349 for two interconnecting rooms and breakfast. The rooms were lovely traditional style rooms, high ceilings, plenty big enough, elegant furniture and prints, marble bathroom, (mid-size but adequate). We had been told there wasn't a river view family room available but that we would get one overlooking the courtyard: we didn't get that either, but faced a rather unpleasant looking block of rooms opposite, but this was the only negative aspect of the trip (bar the price - see below). In all other respects the rooms were better than expected.We went swimming in a small but lovely swimming pool on the third floor, and ate dinner early at 5.45 with the boys in the famous Grill. The food was simply brilliant, and whilst the whole affair was little taxing on the two boys after about an hour, they managed well: they were treated to a tour of the kitchens, were given special treats by the waiters and were generally treated with respect - another fear we had had in advance was that they would be unwelcome in this rather sedate envrionment. If they were, we weren't to know it. The kids menu was not quite appropriate for the unrefined tastes of my two, but the kitchen were happy to supply pretty well anything we asked for - pasta with melted cheese for mains, a portion of carrots to start etc.Kids eat free there but before you all rush, the adults pay through the nose! To be fair, it was a special event for us so we didn't hold back on the glasses of champagne to start etc. The basic cost is £30 for the pre-theatre menu or £60 for the full menu, both 3 courses each (plus a couple of delightful extras thrown in). If we'd have been more careful we might have walked out with change from £200 but in the end...we didn't. And thus to the overall costs - from a tempting family experience offer of £349 spiralled to over £700 by the time we included the dinner, the valeting, the ridiculous mini-bar charges etc. all of which could be easily avoided if you wish to. That said, and given slight reservations beforehand, (I was expecting faded glory but we got art deco splendour) we had a delightful time; highly recommended.	
Jan 15 2007 	Suite dreams 	I stayed here last weekend for my in-law’s Ruby Wedding anniversary. It was an incredibly memorable stay not least because of the amazing service we received (and the amount of food I ate!). Our party of 6 had three suites on the 8th floor, each was different and each was lovely – ours had a separate living room (although a smaller bathroom). We all had amazing views of the river and very comfortable beds and great smellies.My in-laws were spoiled from the moment they arrived (they stayed there 3 nights) and when we got there so were we. We had lunch and tea in the Thames Foyer where the pianist serenaded us not once but twice! Then we had dinner in the Savoy Grill which was probably the greatest meal out I’ve ever had. AND then on to the American bar for another pianist and drinks.We had the 7 course tasting menu in the Savoy Grill were my in-law’s came 40 years ago on their honeymoon (see I wasn’t kidding about eating). I’m not sure if it was the special occasion or just the exceptional service but we had the head waiter serve us who was outstanding and we went on a kitchen tour just before dessert. The food was amazing.Like other reviewers I felt the only let down was the breakfast in the morning (River Restaurant). It’s a buffet and my husband found his cooked food items weren’t exactly hot. At the time we went for breakfast 9.50am it was not well-stocked and they were trying to get everyone out by 10.30am to set up for lunch which was very disappointing.Yes the communal areas are a little faded but it is part of the charm of the place. Our rooms, the American bar nor the Savoy Grill exhibited the need to be “re-decorated”.It’s rare I stay in hotels in London (my mother lives here so not really any need) but this was a lovely memorable stay.	
Jan 8 2007	Robbed at the Savoy	I was staying at the Savoy on a business trip. My room was broken into and I was robbed of 3 laptops. They were too large to go into the safe. They were not out and visible, but kept in cases under a chair in the room. Apparently the thieves had used a housekeeping closet to access the roof and break into my window. Key records showed that there were a number of staff entries into my room that day, many of them after 6pm - when the crime took place. The hotel said it was turndown service, but when I entered my room at 10:30pm, my bed had not been turned down. The hotel offered me a &quot;river view&quot; room as consolation for my loss. I only wanted a room without a rooftop nearby. Not that it mattered... but there was no river view. I was disappointed in the hotel's response. All they kept saying was &quot;this never happens here.&quot; Other staff members told me it happens frequently.	
Jan 1 2007	Very good hotel but needs renovation of bathrooms	Booking the Fine Resorts with Amex is a good move here. For about 350 pounds, I had all the amenities and a guaranteed upgrade to a river view junior suite. The suite was nice; room was large but bathroom really needs a renovation. The old tubs are a pain to get in and out of (and unsafe) and you see grime and gook in the wall and bath tiles. At that price, it should be better. Hotel public room facilities are nice; breakfast and afternoon tea very good. Service is also very good. Concierges were somewhat helpful but frankly not as on the ball as I'd hoped at that level. I've stayed here a few years ago and was hoping with all the various hype that there was more renovation on the property; it's not truly at the 5 star level for its price but the location is quite good and the views from the suites are pretty and it certainly isn't bad -- just not quite as good as it should be.	
Dec 5 2006 	comfortable luxury	Having stayed at the Savoy several times previously it was our first choice when planning a short shopping trip for christmas recently. The booking with the hotel didn,t go toally smoothly and I had to chase up my confirmation which should have been e mailed to me, and I was also shown as having been given an upgrade when I had actually paid for the room specified on the confirmation. In addition the fact that I had paid for a B&amp;B package wasn,t specified so I telephoned the hotel in the early evening and my call was diverted to the head office in Canadawhere an extremely helpful guy ironed out all the problems. On arrival the check in was quick and smooth and we were immediatlely shown to our room by the check-in girl. This personal service isn,t very common but I think it should be.The room was a junior river view suite on the 6th floor and had a wonderful view of the river, eye and big ben. I had booked afternoon tea which was lovely if a little expensive and we had planned to eat in the informal restaurant Banquette later in the evening but changed our minds as the restaurant was virtually empty and previous experience told us that this would mean it would be devoid of any atmosphere. We ate across the road at Salierie instead.Breakfast was ok but it is the one aspect which I am never really happy about. It always seems a lot slower and less organised than you would expect from a 5 star hotel and in the past I have had to complain about the food as well as the time taken. The choice available is good but I,m always left feeling slightly annoyed about the whole experience, made worse as I really look forward to having a breakfast cooked for me when I,m away.My other gripe is the policy of closing the bar at 10.30pm on a sunday. This is absolutely ridiculous and means you can,t arrive back at the hotel after a meal,theatre or just an evening out, and enjoy a nightcap or two. Having said all of the above, our overall stay was very enjoyable - the staff are very friendly, the hotel has a certain atmosphere and the location is excellent. There are many other hotels in the area but none seem to have that certain something which the Savoy has and I would therefore recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Nov 14 2006 	Expensive and Disappointing!	Being familiar with Fairmont hotels and the historic reputation of the Savoy, I anticipated a wonderful stay. Unfortunately it was anything but memorable. The hotel is now living on its reputation. It is tired, worn and frayed and very expensive. I always stay in 5 stars hotels and the Savoy fails to meet the basic criteria of a 5 star hotel. Whatever wonderful traditions created its aura have long since past. I found the staff to be cold, impersonal and totally uninterested.The rooms (I had two stays back to back with a short break in between) were tiny, the furniture and walls banged up, and everything past its prime. To pay $600 a night to stay in a smelly closet is an affront. The common rooms were worn and the staff was rude and couldn't wait to get rid of us. Twice while we were in the bars we were asked when we would be leaving as there were others waiting to be seated (we had been there 30 minutes). Perhaps we're just used to a higher standard in America.	
Nov 1 2006	Anniversary Break - Very Good	Checked into a Junior Suite for one night for anniversary stay. Had a great time. Room was beautiful art deco, lovely room overlooking the Thames. Paid £500 including breakfast and a bottle of champagne. On arrival concierge very efficient. Drinks in the American bar were fun in the early evening, very buzzy, with a great atmosphere before people head their separate ways for the evening. The breakfast in the morning (River Restaurant) was the only disappointment. Had to queue to get in, and then there was a huge queue for the buffet which was not well-stocked and very disappointing. Almost like they were on some cost-cutting exercise (I can only believe this as they have had 100 years to get breakfast right, so people turning up for breakfast can't be a surprise). I've had better breakfast service in 3 star hotels. I did complain at reception, and was comped my drinks from the bar the previous evening by way of consolation. Used the delightful little spa later in the morning (which we had all to ourselves) before checking out. Would definitely go back. It's steeped in history, great service overall and a real antidote to modern uniform hotels. I would however, book room only, and take breakfast elsewhere.	
Oct 25 2006 	Fairmont Expectations Met Local Surprises Delight	It's definitely clear The Savoy has been brought in line with some of the standards set forth by Fairmont. It's definitely good to see there's another layer of quality management guiding the hotel. Check - in was fast and efficient, and I was led directly to my room. The key system was a little difficult to understand, I never quite had an easy time opening the door to my room. Housekeeping excelled with additional touches such as replacing half-used items with new, but not disposing of the half-used items, would also neatly fold clothes found strewn about. A service charge is added to the bill upon check out to cover maid service; it's definitely deserved and saves me the trouble of leaving cash in my room. As a Fairmont Presiden'ts Club member, I was entitled to a coveted banquette seat in Simpson's (next door), and given a free glass of champagne and some canapes while I perused the menu. Definitely a value add for even general members in the free Fairmont President's Club. I also wasn't charged for the internet usage due to my FPC membership. It's nice to see a free hotel frequent guest program begin rewarding guests with little extras right away, just for signing up. Fairmont definitely has my repeat business. The concierge staff shone particularly at this location. I reserved some theatre tickets long before my stay, but there was a problem with the time written on them, and I arrived at the show late due to the mistake. When I presented my problem to the concierge later that night, he offered to call the theatre to rectify the problem, and said he would contact me by 10 the next morning. By 9 the next morning, I had a call informing me the full price would be refunded. Excellent! I suspect I wouldn't have had such service directly from the theatre company myself without intervention. I didn't get to sample this service, but I think it's neat that the hotel room service offers takeaway cuisine for the plane flight. It comes in a Savoy cooler that you keep. The price is steep, but a good way to pamper yourself.	
Oct 23 2006 	Excellent hotel and superb staff	We (youngish couple) were in london for two nights and decided to spoil ourselves by booking into the SAvoy. I can honestly sayt that the hotel was superb. The location is great - short distance to Covent Garden, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben etc, and also on the doorstep of all theatres.Our room was an excelletn size and from the moment we checked in the staff treat you like royalty. The rooms are decorated in an 'old world' style, with chandeliers and fireplaces.this ios definitly the place to stay for excellent service, large rooms and superb food.I will definitely go back!	
Sep 28 2006	Maybe it's a London thing..........	It all started well from Heathrow using their car service. I arrived on an early flight so I used the gym to freshen up after the flight and went straight to the office as my room wasn't ready. They were very helpful and the staff were the best anywhere I've been at that point.When I did get back and check-in to my room it all got very disappointing. See the list below. Some things are small and people might roll their eyes, others are not. But given I've stayed all over the world I know what 5 star is, and this isn't it. I also know what USD 600 per night should buy and this is also not it. Then again, this is the first time I've stayed in a London Hotel so maybe it's a local thing.- Given they had all day, my bags were still not in my room upon return and I had to wait 10 minutes for them - no apology by the way.- The room overall was small (definitely a London thing I've been told) and run down, peeling paint, a head board from the 60s, cracked tiles in the bathroom and just little things like pens that didn't work.- The mattress is lumpy and takes some effective positioning to avoid what felt like a rolled up towel under your back. Now this was a real surprise because I've had hard/soft beds but you don't stay at place like this and expect a lumpy bed.- The bathrobe actually had grease or some sort of dark grimy stain on it.My general feeling is The Savoy runs on past glories and lacks any real attention to detail and is in desperate need of a refurbishment. The staff are exceptional at the desk, but maybe management should take a look at their own rooms a bit. I was very glad to see it was well down the list of London hotels, it deserves to be there. I won't return and will be trying somewhere else next time.	
Sep 26 2006 	Great location	We stayed at the Savoy for two night prior to a cruise in early September. The location is the best. It central to everything, so it is only a short taxi, bus, or tube ride to anywhere you can't walk. As we were booked through the cruise line, we had an older room with no view. The room and the bath were both huge. The room was clean, although it could have used some updating in some areas. The electric didn't work when we first got to the room and we had to call several times before we finally flagged a technician down in the hall to get him to fix it. Breakfast was included in our package and it was amazing. A wonderful buffet with a beautiful view. It was expensive, so if it's not included, I'd eat elsewhere. Would I stay at the Savoy again? No, probably not. I don't think it is worth it. I stayed at the Strand Palace across the street several years ago and the price is about 1/3 that of the Savoy and the location is the same.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great experience	This hotel was a great value for the money. The location was very good, lots of buses run along the Strand and its an easy walk to wandering through Covent Garden. We even walked to Big Ben from the hotel! We arrived after an overnight flight at 10am and our room was ready. The concierges were very helpful with everything from transportation questions to restaurant recommendations. We did find questionable charges on our bill upon checkout (we did not drink a bottle of wine from the minibar or eat chocolates for ridiculous hotel prices!) and the front desk staff was quick to take them off. Overall, a very nice experience and the tea was the perfect break in a busy sightseeing day.	
Sep 2 2006 	Excellent stay in London	We are always amazed at how well we are treated at Fairmont Hotels, as Presidents Club members. The Savoy was no exception and provided a glimpse of elegant English service and style. We used a suite upgrade voucher and were shown to an exceptionally large 1 bedroom suite overlooking the Thames, in a quiet location on the top floor of the hotel. An exquisite breakfast was available in the Riverside restaurant each morning (included in our rate) and we enjoyed special treatment at Simpsons. Overall, highly civilized and gracious and we would definitely make a return visit.	
Aug 27 2006 	6 great nights at the Savoy	Following a British Isles cruise we stayed 6 nights at the Savoy (Aug 20-26th) in a deluxe room at the Summer special rate of 209pounds a night.Our room was large &amp; comfortable and cleaned twice a day (morning &amp; turndown approx 7pm) loads of fresh towels, Savoy robes and the rainfall shower was wonderful (special shower head about 18 inches in diameter) . We had 2 beds with fluffy white feather duvets, they were wonderful &amp; comfortable. The toiletries provided were very nice quality (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath/shower gel) There was a large, lit closet with a safe that was easy to use. You will even find a red &quot;Savoy&quot; umbrella to borrow.On arrival there was a tray of fresh berries &amp; an almond cookie shaped like the Fairmont &quot;F&quot;The staff at the front desk &amp; the doormen get to know your name so as I passed through the lobby they would always say 'good afternoon Ms ______. Very friendly and welcoming.One funny thing, the wake up calls are done by real people - not a taped message, so the first day I had a wake up call and when the phone rang at 8:00am I just picked it up and set it down without listening, then it rang again and I did the same thing, then it rang again and finally I said hello. The fellow said &quot;Madame you hung up on me twice, this is your wake up call&quot; I apologized saying I assumed it was a recording and he said 'Madame this is the Savoy, we do not have recordings&quot; :-)Room Service was a fortune (ie) 20pounds for continental breakfast, 15 pounds for a sandwich. One night we were tired from touring and stayed in and ordered dinner - I had the most delicious Lobster Salad (24 pounds) and Chicken Curry (18 pounds) in fact it was the best meal I had in my entire UK trip (16 days). I also had a double bailies on the rocks (18 pounds)High speed internet is 18 pounds for 24hours and works great, you can also pay 30 pounds and get unlimited movies in your room for the same 24 hours. (to buy a movie on it's own is 13pounds each)The lobby is small but comfortable and lovely, the elevator (only one is tiny and looks like it's 100 years old - and it is) Like the elevator, the hotel corridors are very plain and un-grand, the Tea area looked lovely but we did not partake.The concierge was outstanding, he arranged a private tour for us and gave us vouchers to jump the queue at several venues (saved waiting in line) (ie) London Dungeons, we handed our Savoy voucher to the person at the door and were admitted immediately whereas there was a huge line up - at least an hours wait at the door to get in.The Concierge also arranged dinner at Simpson's in the Strand and told us we would be receiving one of the coveted booths and free champagne for being a Fairmont President's Club member, however on arrival we were just seen to a regular table in the centre of the restaurant and nothing special was done for us. I didn't say anything at the restaurant as I didn't feel like champagne anyway (we had just had drinks at the American Bar) but I did mention it to the concierge when he asked how dinner was and he was so apologetic and promised me something wonderful to make up for it if/when I stayed at the Savoy again in the future. Total for 2 drinks at the American bar = 26 pounds.The location of the Savoy is very convenient to the theatre district - you can walk instead of taking cabs. We saw Lion King, Mamma Mia, Phantom of the Opera &amp; Mary Poppins, you are about a 5 minute walk from Charing Cross Station, 8 minute walk from Trafalgar Square and loads of restaurants like Pizza Express (which we loved)There is also a little Tesco express where you can get soft drinks, snacks, sandwiches, muffins etc... very inexpensively to avoid the high cost of room service. There is a Cafe Nero, &amp; Starbucks within a 2 minute walk as well.All and all a great stay at the Savoy and I would definately recommend it, we were in room 404 looking out into the street &amp; office building next to us. There are river view rooms available for booking at a high cost.See our photos	
Aug 24 2006 	I rate this Number 1!	Finding a good hotel in London is as difficult as finding a good one in New York, but after countless visits to the UK over many years I have finally found the ideal hotel, The Savoy. It is ideally located on The Strand within minutes walking of several Underground train stations, theatres, Regent Street shops, and the lively Soho area. Remembering that everything is expensive in London, The Savoy represents excellent value. Despite many of the rooms and hallways needing refurbishment, the overall feel is of enduring quality, spotless cleanliness and service excellence. There are similarly priced nearby hotels that are newer or more hip, but my experience tells me that these are mostly a triumph of style over substance. And it is in the delivery of substance that The Savoy excels. The Savoy offers an excellent fitness facility gratis, several restaurants, access to high speed internet (prior to booking, become a member of the Fairmont President’s Club and get this free, along with local calls), delicious food (the River Restaurant has an incredible buffet breakfast and the Savoy Grill is an experience not to be missed), and last but not least, warm friendly and abundant service. I have just spent a week at this hotel and it was far better than reviews here suggest. If you want a renovated room, then ask for it, but chances are it will have a limited view as was my experience until I was immediately offered the alternative of a junior suite overlooking the Thames. The suite wasn’t renovated but it didn’t really need it. In fact, the hotel’s charm is its original art deco features evident in the light fittings, patterned carpets, chrome door surrounds, etc. Also notable are Georgian style antiques in rooms and hallways, spacious rooms decorated in the Adam style with wall panels and elaborate architraves and cornices, and on the walls are extensive artworks some of which are for sale. In keeping with its “Gilbert and Sullivan” origins, in many ways it is a quirky hotel with a veritable labyrinth of passage ways that can seem gloomy, obscure entrances, and old elevators, including one with a red lacquered interior reminiscent of something out of “The Mikado”. This hotel certainly clicked with me and I will be staying there whenever I visit London.	
Aug 23 2006 	No as good as it was	We stayed one night as we were attending a party and the Savoy was very close by. We booked two Fairmont rooms a twin and a double. The double was large the furniture in good condition, the bed was very comfortable, however the bathroom looked a bit tired - large chip in the bath showing raw metal. The main problem was that the room has a connecting door with the next room and the occupants had the TV on all the time - even when we arrived back at 2am... as well as a very small child.The double had fruit and chocolates and a complimentary bottle of water, the twin had nothing... The main corridors do not have a feel of a luxury hotel and the whole ambience of the hotel public areas is a little cold. The American Bar is the exception because it was busy and it was fun,the staff were excellent.The reception staff and the man who organises the parking were exceptional, friendly, efficient and very helpful. However I found that the staff around the main area of the hotel to be &quot;stiff&quot;, no smiles or even a nod of recognition. However the hotel is in a good position with Covent Garden only a few minutes walk. Also it is right in the theatre area.I had not stayed at The Savoy for many years (prior to its takeover by Fairmont) and it was sad that it appears to have lost the special feeling it once had as soon as you arrived inside.	
Aug 17 2006	First time in London /Savoy	We stayed at Savoy end of July (4 days)2006. We were booked in a jr. suite, but we upgraded to a suite overlooking Thames. Our toilet broke and without sucess they were unable to fix, so they moved us to 2 room suite. (412/413) It was nice, way to big for us and bathroom was not as nice as original room. We loved the Savoy, the staff, service etc. was great. Made reservations for 4:00 Tea. Very nice but WOW expensive. Everything in London is very expensive, but when you are on vacation is OK to spurge every now and then.	
Jul 31 2006 	Wow!	My sister, myself and my 2 small young sons stayed at the Savoy for one night in July.We booked a deal room rate and were quite obviously delighted when we arrived at reception to be told we had been upgraded to a suite overlooking the Thames! I think they took pity in the fact all four of us would have been in the one room!anyway, car was handed to the valet (so handy to have that 24 parking service) and we had lovely service up to the room.The suite was SUMPTUOUS! gorgeous carpeting, moulded ceilings, rounded windows, blackout curtains, desks, fireplace - just gorgeous! the only thing that didnt really fit was the bathroom which was decorated quite starkly and the shower head wa broken away from the wall.Room service was prompt and lovely - breakfast the next day was room service to the room. I ordered just one full breakfast and that filled the 4 of us! enough toast, croissants, juice. tea, milk and full fry up to go round!! which was handy considering the price.On checkout we were allowed to leave our baggage and car at the hotel until we collected them after being out all day in London.Really the service is outstanding, the hotel is an icon and fabulous and the prices should be high - otherwise it wouldnt be the treat its supposed to be would it ? and we'd all go every time in London! (wish we could!!)	
Jul 22 2006 	great service !!	A 3 night stay at the Savoy was included in our British Airways &quot;Taste of London&quot;. My wife and I were treated superbly by the entire staff. Agreed that the hotel is costly; what you receive in return is over the top service. We were fortunate to have a full breakfast for two included each day of our stay. ( about £70 plus each tab ) I was pleasantly suprised by the front desk's gesture of allowing us to have the breakfast in our room, rather than the restaurant. As we were celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary, I had arranged for a floral bouquet on arrival. An oversight on my part resulted in two bouquets delivered. The hotel, however, only charged for the orginal bouquet.In addition, the concierge on duty allowed us to leave 3 pieces of luggage while we traveled to Germany. After our arrival back to London, we picked up our luggage at the hotel, with a smile and a &quot;how was your trip?&quot; from the front desk.The Savoy is central to Covent Garden, and a short walk to the Eye. IF, (and that's a big IF) you want to splurge for a special occasion, I highly recommend the Savoy...	
Jun 26 2006	Lovely (except the bathroom!)	We stayed at the Savoy for one night. Our room was very spacious and comfortable with everything you could wish for (at a price). The bathroom was a big disappointment. Although it was spotlessly clean there were broken tiles and it was in dire need of a make-over. The service was faultless and all staff went out of their way to make sure you were being attended to. The breakfast was served in the River Restaurant and the choices were staggering. Prices were high £5.00 for a pot of tea!! We were attending a function at the Savoy so dinner was banqueting style, but was one of the best function dinners we have ever had.The hotel is worth going to and the decor is magnificent but be prepared to pay high prices for absolutely everything except the view.	
Jun 17 2006	Pricey water!!	Don't buy the water - it's £12 a bottle!!! - rip off	
May 10 2006	Lunch at Winston Churchills Table?	My wife and I had a marvellous stay at this hotel. We had booked as we believed that it was near the Royal Opera house. It was - only a five minute walk away. We lunched in the Grill room where Winston Churchill used to dine and breakfasted in the Garden restaurant overlooking the River Thames.The service was impeccable without being overbearing and the room was charming.The downside was that it was expensive but the atmosphere was terrific and the experience worth every penny.What I cannot understand is why it is so far down on the Tripadvisor list. Please be assured a visit to this hotel is very worthwhile.	
Apr 16 2006	The Consumate 5-red-star hotel	The Savoy is probably the most prestigious hotel in the world, and it lives up to that. Our art deco room (a free upgrade) was spacious and comfortable. The Savoy has a calm but friendly atmosphere with impeccable service throughout. Afternoon High Tea in the impressive Thames Foyer was a delight. The American Bar is lively and special -- we were entertained by an excellent young cocktail pianist who was only too happy to take requests. Breakfast in the River Restaurant, with its Thameside location and picture windows was superb with service to die for. If there is a criticism, the old plumbing perhaps could do with attention, and the windows are not particularly easy to open and close. But the Savoy has everything :- tradition, great ambience, excellent accomodation, superb service and food, and a fabulous location, especially for theatreland. For a treat stay at the very best of the best, look no further.	
Apr 2 2006	Room with a view	I have stayed at the Savoy Hotel on a number of occasions in the last four months, although I prefer the Ritz (if you have guests who wear jeans you are liable to be thrown out of the bar, because they operate a very strict dress code. Savoy do not. Their river view suites, although expensive (expect to pay over £600 which does not include the awesome 17.5% VAT and service charges (irrespective of the size of your tips) are wonderful. Try and get room 812 (if you can) even 712 is o.k. When it gets dark outside the panorama of all the great London sights presents itself in the many lights and colours reflected by the Thames. You won't want to move away from the window, so their excellent Room Service is just what you will want. Enjoy your meal and wine without taking your eyes off the view (unless it's a romantic affair - in which case you will be able to judge which view your partner really prefers.) If he or she keeps staring at the London Eye instead of gazing into yours, you will know that it is probably a short-lived affair.The American Bar is disappointing - absolutely no atmosphere - small, cramped, stiff - could be given more ambience with more colour and better seating.Front Desk staff are superb. When you use the lift or elevator, do remember that it is the oldest (first of its kind) in the U.K. In the &quot;old days&quot; the ever-present elevator boy carried with him a regular supply of smelling salts (for the ladies) and cognac (for the gentlemen) I dare say they ought to bring back the practice (minus smelling salts and cognac) but with a glass of champagne.....Enjoy the Savoy - not many of its kind left in the world....even the old Plaza in New York is now gone. How long before the Savoy is going to be converted into apartments????	
Mar 3 2006 	Great Business Hotel	Stayed here the middle of February for 5 days for business. Great location near the City, the Inns of Court and easy access to Canary Wharf through the tube. The service was very good, and anything we needed, housekeeping was very prompt in delivering. The room was very clean and very large for European standards. (I sure wish I knew how to get all those super upgrades that people talk about. While our room was very nice, we had a view across an alley to the office building right next door.) We had a room with 2 very comfortable double beds, with a desk and 2 armchairs. Very nice marble bathroom with a rainshower shower head, but the bath had that funny 1/2 glass door that really doesn't keep the water in. The breakfast buffet was great, good selection of food, but way too expensive if you're not on an expense account. The Savoy Grille was excellent both for food and service, but the American Bar was overpriced, and not that special. I will definately stay here again next time I come to London, even if it's not on an expense account. We paid GBP 195/night, which was a very competitive rate for a 4-star hotel, and the hotel is worth the expense.	
Feb 28 2006	Big Ben as my bedside clock - what could be better?	my wife's birthday, they upgraded us to a suite, it couldnt have been better, just to lay in the exceptionally comfy bed, leave the curtains open and have Big Ben as my bedside clock and the London eye lit in all its glory was worth the visit. I couldnt fault the visit, maybe some people will say its a bit tired, it is and in some hotels that would not be acceptable but here that only adds to the charm of the place.	
Feb 24 2006 	Great standard for a hotel - terrific location service and quality	I returned to The Savoy for three nights on business and felt at home. I love the quirky bends in the hallways and search for the room as much as I am thankful for the terrific location, high quality service and great staff. This is the place to stay. You know you are in London as it has charm and style.	
Feb 23 2006	Expensive .. but you're worth it (or don't stay there)	My husband and I stayed for ten nights at The Savoy to celebrate our tenth wedding anniversary. We had a wonderful time but it's a good thing we were expecting it to be a splurge. Our room was fairly small but very elegant and beautifully decorated, and the bathroom was spectacular. Our four-year-old son was with us and had a wonderful time exploring the hotel and wearing his child-size Savoy bathrobe and slippers. The concierge staff was excellent. They arranged excellent theatre tickets for us (super-expensive tickets but the seats were great) and a babysitter. I found the staff in general to be incredibly helpful and polite. They squeezed us in for spur-of-the-moment afternoon tea when all the tables were booked, offered us a kitchen tour when we ate at the Grill, were delightful with our four-year-old and handled taxis, packages, laundry, etc. with perfect efficiency. As other reviewers have mentioned, the room service prices are completely insane, but the breakfasts are spectacular. We figured out that ordering one full breakfast and one continental gave us a nice selection of food for the three of us and was slightly less expensive. Everything cost more than you can possibly imagine it would (we never got used to the prices in ten days there) but I didn't feel that anything was completely outrageous except the phone charges. You're better off renting a cell phone from them, honestly. Ultra luxury and comfort but don't go there expecting bargains.	
Feb 13 2006	A memorable stay if a bit tired in places	I took my fiancee to the Savoy for a one night stay, booked at a very reasonable price on the internet. Both of us were looking forward to the experience and in general it didn't disappoint. We were offered an upgrade at check-in and ended up with a suite on one of the upper floors. It was very comfortable as you would expect, though the decor was a bit 1970s in places. We didn't eat dinner in the Grill room but spent a pleasant evening in the bar listening to the pianist/singer. Breakfast in the morning was good if expensive (£25!) with a great view over the Embankment.Staff were polite and attentive.Compared to other London 5 star hotels I have been in, the Savoy fits into a certain bracket - slightly old fashioned and a little tired in places. For some this may add to the appeal. It is certainly not as overly opulent as Claridges or the Dorchester, but a stay there is a memorable experience none the less.	
Feb 8 2006 	Unexpected Delight	I travelled to London for business and chose The Savoy only because it happened to also be the location of the conference I was attending. I usually stay at One Aldwych or Threadneedles or somewhere else a bit more modern. I must admit how delighted I was with The Savoy. I was expecting an old-style and outdated room, but was pleasantly surprised to find that the room was outfitted with all the modern ammenities (including an outlet for an american plug) but still maintained the look of a classic, deco hotel. I understand that The Fairmont is updating the rooms and the hotel. (The room I stayed in had been updated.) The only negative is that the public areas badly need updating -- especially the hallways and stairways, which have dreadful carpeting, peeling paint and few paintings/decorations. The fitness center is as nice as and as large as any I've seen in London -- including t.v. screens at each workout machine (and an indoor heated pool). Lastly, the staff was terrific at every turn -- no pretentions and very helpful.	
Jan 12 2006	The Savoy - Almost the Gold Standard!	I wanted to treat myself on my big UK journey so I booked a night at the Savoy in one of their Deluxe King rooms. I turned up at the hotel around about 9 am, just intending to drop my bags with the Concierge and then go out on a day exploring. To my surprise and pleasure I was fully checked in on the spot (amazing considering the time!) and, beat this, was upgraded to an outstanding suite with a view of the Thames River and Waterloo bridge. My room had a separate lounge room with an elegant work desk looking out on the river as well as a fireplace, sofa lounge, armchairs and an armoire holding the TV and bar fridge. The large bedroom had an extremely comfortable bed, large wardrobe space and an armchair. The bathroom was all marble and glass with a very luxurious rainfall shower, toilet and bidet, heated towel rack, large well lighted mirror and spacious bench space. Toiletries were top-notch. Housekeeping visited twice a day, refreshed my toiletries and turned down the bed in the evening.I was almost tempted to shrug off the day's exploring to just relax around my room. I was so pleased I gave the guy who checked me in 20 pounds as a thank-you.While at the Savoy I used the room service (which was expensive but very good), had dinner at the Savoy Grill (expensive but nice although I just didn't quite feel comfortable), and used their high-speed Internet (which wasn't bad price-wise). I also got some of my clothes dry cleaned and laundered which was expensive (but which hotel doesn't price gouge for this service) but they came back so beautifully presented that I didn't mind the price.The only thing that I could say was a minor irritation was that Housekeeping was rather keen to get me out of my room the morning of my check-out as they came by to ask me three times when I was leaving despite the answer being the same each time.All in all however I consider my experience at the Savoy a benchmark by which to judge other five star hotels and I would happily stay there again.	
Dec 22 2005	Magical Stay	Even before we arrived, we were treated to great service. The concierge (Mr. Mitchell) desk helped us in getting a driver to pick us up at Heathrow, got us Soccer tickets and suggested several other nice things to do. Check in was easy and we were escorted to our suite and given all kinds of information about our room and the area. A wonderful bowl of fruit and a welcoming candy tray were waiting for us. We had everything we needed taken care of whenever we needed it. My wife needs distilled warm water for her medication every morning and night and they gladly brought it to her within minutes of our call. We ate at the Banquette restaurant and enjoyed it as we had some crazy hours and needed to eat dinner at 11 PM most nights. The food was very good. Whenever we came in or left the hotel we were greeted warmly and most of the time we were addressed by name. We had a great suite and they told us that there are more refurbishments to rooms happenning now. The location is very good as you are a short two block walk from Covent Garden and a ten minute walk to Trafalgar Square.	
Nov 1 2005 	outstanding service	I can not say enough about the wonderful treatment we received here at the Savoy. Our bed was so comfortable we didn't want to leave. We were on the 9th floor and it was very quiet. We had a huge bathroom with wonderful soap and shampoo. The staff could not do enough for you and the evening turndown service with fresh towels was just an added plus. My only small disappointment was work being done next door was a little noisy but didn't start till after 10:00 a.m. It is a great hotel and being in the middle of the theater district was the best location in London, I think.	
Oct 26 2005	Food Poisoning	I went out to The American Bar at The Savoy Hotel for drinks . I did not stay at the hotel. We all ordered cocktails - but I was the only one to order a fruit cocktail. This was at 10pm, by 4 am I was vommiting. I continued to vommit through till 7pm the following night. I actually think the fruit juice must have been off. I spent a lot of money there and not neccesarily impressed to spend the next day in the bathroom. Just wondered if anyone else has had same problem. When I mention I got food poisoning at the Savoy, people look at me in disbelief - but they didn't spend 15 hours hovering around the bathroom door!	
Oct 1 2005	Nostolgic and unique	We paid a fair price for our room. When we arrived our room was not ready. The person at the front desk sent us out till it was ready. We were sooooo sleepy from our flight. We walked from coffee shop to coffee shop to stay awake! They did hold our luggage... when we returned the manager appologized and gave us an upgrade suite with a river view. It was fantastic.! The breakfasts were excellent... They accommodated our every need. Forget their massages..not up to par. The workout room was great and service was spectacular! Love the ambiance... The Grill was also excellent! as was the bar. What is also great is the location near theatre.. and of course the Savoy Theatre.. we loved the prints and drawings of actors from the past... 100 yrs + it added a great deal to the atmosphere... Is it worth staying again! Oh Yes! Service was outstanding despite the rather mixed up reception at the beginning.. Savoy made up for the inconvenience.If you love history, theatre, service, excellent cuisine...Savoy should be a consideration.	
Sep 12 2005	Loved the Savoy!	We began our trip to the UK with an overnight at the Savoy, simply because it is very central and now affiliated with Fairmont - a chain well regarded in North America.What a lovely way to start a vacation! Superb service, and a charming hotel. And we had time to try their afternoon tea - something not to be missed, even if you don't stay here.We did upgrade to a suite, courtesy of some Fairmont coupons, and had an enormous and well appointed room overlooking the Thames. Can't wait to go back and stay even longer!	
Aug 31 2005	Loved the Savoy	We stayed at The Savoy over New Year's 2004-05 and were blown away by this incredible hotel.The room, first of all, was goreous and charming. Probably one of the largest bathrooms I have ever seen in a hotel room, let alone in London! It had marble floors, a rain showerhead and tub so long it accomodated my 6'4'' fiance. We were in heaven. We went to Paris overnight and returned for one night before our flight home. We stayed in an even larger, nicer room than before. We couldn't believe how lovely.As for the service, we were very needy patrons at the concierge desk, and they were more than obliging. We got several great restaurant recommendations, they got us a dinner reservation last minute on New Year's Eve, theater tickets and into tea at one of the fanciest places in town on New Year's day (their tea service was booked). We were more than impressed.We checked out the gym on our last night and were so disappointed we had not seen it sooner - it was totally state-of-the-art.Highly, highly, highly recommend.	
Aug 19 2005 	shabby	I stayed for three nights in a supposedly superior room at over £300 per night. The room overlooked a courtyard full of pipes and grotty machinery with a noisy aircon unit just outside my window. I was promised a king size bed - what i actually got were two beds pushed together, all night i kept falling bewteen them. The bathroom radio didnt work and when I turned the tap of the bath, rusty water poured out. The corridor carpets are worn and the whole place needs a revamp. It simply isnt worth the extra cost if you are looking for something a little special (which it isnt) and I get the impression the hotel is resting on its name. The Grill and the American bar have great atmospheres, but as a staying guest at the hotel you dont get any special privaleges. I was turned away from the bar at around 7pm because it was too full - generally with people off the street who have come in for a drink but are not staying. The mangement need to sort their act out if the hotel has any chance of surviving. I would happily go there to eat but not ever again to stay.	
Jul 22 2005	never again	This once gracious hotel has fallen on hard times and is horribly mismanaged. Pay attention to what they are charging you. Make sure that you have a hard copy of your confirmation with you and check that you are being charged that room rate. Odds are you are not. Also, you must request a preliminary copy of your final bill. The desk staff will attempt to keep you from reviewing the bill but check it carefully. There were errors of close to $800 on my bill.	
Jul 14 2005 	Service? What Service?	Service, service, service! That's something the elegant, prestigious, famed Savoy knows nothing about. It truly is a beautiful historic hotel, but it's too bad that the people think they're doing you a favour by letting you stay there. From the very beginning, they don't tell you what their address is. Because if you don't know where the &quot;Strand&quot; is in London, you just aren't good enough to be there. I got lost finding it because even a Londoner gave me the wrong directions.The bathrooms are moderm but of old-world design. It's great to simply soak in the big tubs after a long day.But customer service leaves much to be desired. I was charged a higher rate than what my travel agent had booked. I was given someone else's bill for express check-out. I was billed for a paper that I didn't want. And then they have the nerve to add on a &quot;Discretionary Service Charge&quot; - a tip - without my asking. The staff that i encountered was snotty when I pointed out a mistake in my bill. They are so sure of their righteousness. They're living in the past.	
Jul 13 2005 	Unequivocably NOT Worth The Money	This is no where near a 5 star or even 4 star hotel. The fridge on my mini bar was broken for three days and even though they checked to charge me if I had eaten anything, it did not occur to them to fix it. Yes, I know I should have asked and it obviously didn't bother me that badly because I kept forgetting to tell the desk, but a 5 star hotel would have fixed this without me complaining. Then my toilet started leaking water all over my bare feet (needless to say I was not pleased). Then I asked housekeeping for a lint brush and no one knew what that was (the fact that very few of the staff spoke sufficient English was likely the problem). The common areas seemed dingy as well. The concierge only gave recommendations from a well worn copy of Zagat's and seemed to have no personal knowledge about what was going on in the city.That said...the bed was really comfortable and the room was a good size. The American Bar was fun. They fixed things when I remembered to ask. The doormen were quite pleasant.But given my issues, I would not have paid the amount of money if I weren't at a conference in the hotel. Claridge's, the Connaught, the Mandarin Oriental, to name a few....there are a lot of better choices.	
Jun 30 2005	Will Not be Returning	We stayed at the Savoy last year, a surprise birthday gift from my husband and even more of a celbration as I just discovered I was pregnant. The stay was superb, despite the first room being tatty...the helpful staff quickly changed rooms and provided a bottle of Lauren-Perrier.This year we returned with our four month old son, booked directly with the hotel this time and upgraded the room.How disappointed. we checked in 10 mins before 2pm, but still our room was not ready &quot;a problem with the room&quot; we were told. I had booked an early check-in. I explained that we had a 4 month old and that we had been travelling since 6am and would need a room pronto....with reluctance a room was found. It was lovely, however, London was 32C and the room had NO AIRCONDITIONING! I politley exaplined that we would require the rrom to have functional AirCon and reminded them that there is Medical Evidence to support that infants sleeping in rooms above 18C are at risk of Cot Death and once more with reluctance the Supervisor suggested a new room would be found.We returned to the room one hour later after a walk around Penhalligons in Covent Garden and discovered that our luggage (which was in the previous room ) had gone missing! We had reservations for Afternoon Tea in the thames foyer at 1630hrs, it was now 1610hrs with only 20 mins to get changed and refreshed. With no sign of the luggage I returned to reception and their very helpful Customer Relations Manager (Isabelle) comp'd the Afternoon Tea and arranged for our luggage to appear and a suite to be arranged.After tea I thought all my Christmasses had come at once. The suite was fantastic with a view directly over the London Eye. The room was hot but we were assured the aircon worked.....famous last words. At 9pm the room was a sauna and my &quot;GroBag&quot; thermometer showed that the room was far too hot for our son to sleep in....over 27C. Once more called down to reception and minutes later 3 fans arrived!!!!!!!!!!Martino the night manager was fantastic, even to the point of assissting in finding us alternative hotel accomodation. We were at 11pm....phew...in bed in the smallest room in the hotel, not what I had booked, but with functional aircon. He informed me that the whole hotel had had no aircon for the past three days and only some rooms were now working.I beleived that the staff should have had the integrity to inform us of this at time of check-in. Our first night was a disaster and the following night (also complementary as a result) was tinged bitter sweet. With Health and Safelty issues this hotel needs to remeber that its customers comfort is priority. people may visit the Savoy on the basis of its great name (and location) but they also want to have the facilities advertised functional and to hand. This did not happen on our stay and as a result, more so, of the unforthcoming reception staff my family will not be returning.However, the restaurant staff...Thames Foyer, Riverview and the Grill are superb and cannot be faulted. A pity the reception staff could not take a leaf out of their book.	
Jun 24 2005	Great London Itinerary	Since I have enjoyed and benefited from so many reviews when planning my trips, I decided to write a review upon my return from London (where my husband and I spent a week this past April). You should note that since everything was rather expensive in London when we traveled there, we decided to focus our spending on the sites and attractions. I had also been to London before and did not remember being so impressed by the cuisine.Thursday: Arrrived in London early in the morning. Checked into the Savoy Hotel (a great hotel in a great location!). Purchased tickets for a show (On The Town). Headed to Trafalgar Square, then walked along Whitehall Street (using the Rick Steeves book as a guide). Toured Westminster Abbey (using Steeves book as a guide). Had coffee at the cloisters (where they have a snack shop). Checked out Big Ben and Parliament from Westminster Bridge. Headed back to the hotel before heading out for an early dinner (fish &amp; chips) and the show. Our only mistake: seeing a show the first night we arrived. We were so tired!!!Friday: Headed out to the Tower of London. Purchased tickets at the Tower Hill tube stop because we were told there would be lines at the Tower. There were no lines. Headed to the crown jewels first because we were told there would also be lines there later in the day. That was true!! We went on a Yoemen tour, which I think are given every 1/2 hour, but I could be wrong. The tour was very entertaining - don't miss it!! We then went to the Imperial War Museum. Don't miss the Holocaust Memorial at the Museum, which is one of the best I've seen anywhere in the world!!!!!! We spent a lot of time at this Museum (more than the guidebooks estimated). If you are a history buff - plan on spending a lot of time here. We met friends from London for dinner.Saturday: Went to the Cabinet War Rooms/Churchill Musuem. Definitely purchase the audio guide here. Once again - if you are a history buff, you will spend a lot of time here. We then took a boat to Greenwich (took the tube back), where we saw the Royal Naval College (don't miss!), National Maritime Museum (great for kids, otherwise rather boring), Old Royal Observatory (interesting), Cutty Sark clipper ship (but did not pay to go on it), and the market (nothing special). We probably enjoyed the boat ride out to Greenwich, more than our time spent there. We could have probably skipped this side trip. We met our London friend for dinner. We had Indian food, apparently a must in London. We also went to the Tate Modern museum, which is open late on Sat nights. When going to the Museum, be sure to cross over the Millennium Bridge!Sunday: Went to the British Museum (a must see!!!). The guidebooks provide more than enough info about this place - in short, don't miss it!!!!! We spent the rest of the day relaxing, which we needed after our busy first few days. We went to Hyde Park (saw Speakers Corner, had a picnic, walked around, and just enjoyed a beautiful day with the locals).Monday: Went to the British Library - fascinating!! Then went to Windsor Castle. There is not much to see in the town (tourist shops), but the Castle is interesting. We went on the free tour of the grounds, which is short and interesting. Make sure to take photos at the front of the Castle before leaving.Tuesday: Went to Buckingham Palace for the changing of the guard - must arrive by 10:30 am to get a good spot. Of course - this is the most &quot;touristy&quot; thing we could do, but it was still fun. Took the tube to Harrods (check out the smaller version of adult cars in the toy section and the Diana/Dodi memorial if of interest to you). Went to St. Martin-In-The Fields for a 1:00 pm free concert - so relaxing and beautiful. Had lunch in the Cloisters (per Steeves suggestion). We had doubts about lunch, but it was one of the best meals of our trip! I realize that does not say much given my comments about our spending at the beginning of this review. So don't go out of your way to eat there, but if in the area, stop by. Then went to the National Gallery, after which we walked around the high end shopping area. Then headed to back to the hotel to get ready to return to NY.We were obviously very busy in London, but had a great time! Enjoy!	
May 31 2005	extremely accommodating service	My husband and I stayed at The Savoy over Memorial Day week-end, and could not get over how helpful the staff was..even before we left home we were in touch with the concierge, who gave us ideas of what to see and do in London, being that it was our first trip there.We ordered room service for breakfast one morning, placing the order with the front desk the night before. My husband requested grape jelly with the meal. Not only was the breakfast brought to the room exactly on time, but the chef had looked up a recipe for the grape jelly on line, and they made it from fresh grapes, which took 1-1/2 hours to make. Fantastic!! Over and above normal accommodating service.Definately recommended as a comfortable , wonderful place to stay!Congratulations, Fairmont!!	
May 13 2005	London needs Fairmont!	We stayed at the Savoy in February having booked a great rate of £129 + VAT for our room. We were being very annoying guests even before we arrived, as we e-mailed the hotel on a few occasions changing our room package twice!! The staff member we were in contact with couldn't be more helpful, and didn't once give us the impression our requests and questions were a nuisance. He even upgraded us to a Deluxe Room (four room categories up). We are members of Fairmont's President's Club, which does mean that little bit extra personal service, but it is exactly that kind of service at many Faimront Hotels that keep us coming back again and again, and how excited we were when they took over the Savoy!! The hotel did have a certain faded elegance, but give me that over such out of keeping renovations as the Waldorf. Plus Fairmont are spending £millions this year, so I am confident anything that needs updating will soon be done. Our room was tastefully decorated, with high ceilings and a nice view from two windows up the Thames towards St Pauls. The size was perhaps not terribly huge, perfectly adequate even with a cot put in the room for our baby daughter. The service whilst at the hotel was great - Ronald at Reception was particularly attentive and engaging, and we chatted to him on checking out about Fairmont's plans. We were slightly disappointed not to have a cocktail in the Thames Foyer before dining out (we were not allowed in the American Bar with our baby) as all tables were reserved - we would know next time to book a table even for cocktails. However we did make a point of having a cocktail on our return, and they did not disappoint. All in all I plan to return - London needs a forward thinking hotel group like Fairmont to take over a Landmark Hotel like the Savoy - landmark hotels are what they do best. Oh and just one other little point - there is no charge for turndown as stated in one other review - £35?, that would definitely have given me a sleepless night!	
May 8 2005	Not quite the luxury you hope for	We stayed at the hotel for one night on an excellent deal. I informed the hotel it was for my husbands birthday and they were good enough to upgrade us which was an unexpected excitement. Our room was an art deco style room but felt a bit shabby and unloved. It felt like redecoration was due. We swam in the pool which was unusual colours and quite fun. The food and service were excellent. All in all, very nice but not top notch.	
May 5 2005	Mega Style and Glamour	Just returned from London and a stay at the Fairmont Savoy. Very high standards are maintained at this first class hotel. The best of everything is what you can expect if you are like me and insist on perfection. Frette sheets, rain shower marble bathrooms with the very best towels that money can buy. Fresh Flowers in every room and throughout this landmark hotel. If you can afford it and want to indulge yourself stay at this hotel.	
Apr 24 2005	Needs a revamp	The Savoy needs a serious revamp, The rooms are not up to scratch and for the price it is a bit depressing, the balcony for our room was a disgrace, dead birds, broken glass, paint peeling from the exterior walls amongst other things.I will say though the American Bar is fantastic the dry martini was invented there. the pianist (mauro monturo) is amazing, you name it he can play it, but alas the bar and the food can not make up for the rooms, oh and the fact that they charge £35 to turn the bed down.go to the dorchester, connaught or claridges some of which are from the same group but are of a higher standard	
Mar 28 2005 	Excellent luxurious stay	Stayed at the Savoy for a week on business in March 2005. Truly luxurious, not a single fault. Service is impeccable, extensive in-dining choices, huge breakfast, lovely rain showers. I will stay there as often as possible when I come for business.	
Feb 25 2005	Had a lovely stay...	We stayed one night (18th February), having booked a special offer deal via Fairmont's website. Our room was 617, and had a fabulous view of St Pauls, the Oxo tower, and Canary wharf in the distance. It even had a balcony, locked on our arrival, but swiftly opened on request. The reception staff were lovely, service fast &amp; professional. There is a certain faded grandeur about the Savoy - though it certainly didn't extend to our room - but you don't go to the Savoy for an identikit 5-star &quot;look&quot;. The old art deco is the point, surely....	
Feb 18 2005	Disappointing	We stayed here for just one Sat night in Feb 05. Stayed in Junior river view suite on 8th floor - 816. Room was at far left of hotel with good views over to South Bank and up river to Houses of Parliament. Spacious entrance lobby, smallish bedroom to left but with oodles of wardrobe and drawer space. Very comfortable bed (double not King size though) and excellent pillows. Curtains a bit weary looking around the edges but other soft furnishings OK. Wardrobes hv seen better days. Bathroom - fairly large with good rainfall shower but bit austere and with no wow factor (bathrooms have to have a wow factor for me!). Sitting room to left of entrance lobby was large and well furnished but just faintly worn about the edges. Metal framed windows were not great - pretty old double glazing affair with flaking mortar and paint in between panes and definitely might be difficult to shut if you didn't have strong pair of hands! Hum from traffic below was fairly constant but not obtrusive. Atmosphere of suite was like staying at home of Great Aunt - bit faded around the edges but comfortable and homely. Corridors of hotel again bashed about the edges a bit, look in need of refurbishment. Public areas good - love them or hate them I think - lots of chocolate, beiges and browns. American Bar I found disappointing. Obviously outrageously expensive but cocktails good - but why should we have to remind waiter after 15 minutes that he hadn't yet brought the second round of drinks we'd ordered - I expect better service than that for £12 a cocktail! Savoy Grill - fabulous room setting lovely banquettes and circular tables - good ambience and lighting. We had taster menu at £65 per head which was only OK. Main course was good (not amazing) but rest of dishes were only OK - how disappointing is that? Service was outstanding though. (I have to say that apart from the bar waiters who were pretty poor the entire hotel staff were friendly and extemley professional and helpful). Also had lunch in the informal restaurant overlooking entrance - fixed price for 2 or 3 courses - extremley good value and excellent food. Would I stay here again? No. At over £350 for the room, over £240 for a meal for 2 (albeit including a bottle of champagne and half bottle of wine) with the final bill for one night's stay coming out at about £800 and when you consider little things like the poor service in the American Bar, wrong newspaper delivered to our room, having to wait over 15 minutes for them to bring our car round when we checked out - I haven't come away with any special memories except how large that bill was..	
Feb 1 2005	purse went missing mice problem horrible room and service	If you had a choice, please, don't even think of staying at The Savoy. I think it's a hotel for people who don't know better. Well, I was one, for sure.I'm originally from Asia, but have lived in the States for decades now. For Christmas, my wife and I decided to go to London but could not get a room at Mandarin Oriental. So we got a room at The Savoy for 2 nights till Mandarin Oriental became available. We had heard of Savoy but never stayed there, so we were excited. --Big mistake. We should have just delayed our trip and never stayed at The Savoy.We booked a deluxe room with a King size bed, which turned out to be a dump.Here are problems we had at The Savoy:-scornful welcome upon checking in. Their comment: &quot;You travelled all the way from Asia just to stay with us?&quot; Upon our telling them we live in the States, &quot;Oh, American... well, you will enjoy our culture here.&quot; All the comments were so scornful and totally uncalled for. -Stained, really dirty carpet in our room-Stained (brownish spots) bedspread-Frayed sheets-Squeaky bed-Towel hanger barely hanging off the bathroom wall-Basin that took 1 hour to drain fully-Constant change of scorching and cold water when showering-Closet door's hinge broken, later it fell apart-Greasy doorknobs-MICE -The Savoy has mice problems, especially in the kitchen (I found this out after contacting a travel agency later.) No wonder my asthmatic wife kept coughing and wheezing so badly.-SECURITY ISSUES -someone had gone through our personal stuff (luckily for us, we had put our Rolex, Cartier, all the jewelry pieces, cash and passports in the safe the night before.) and jammed my wife's empty party purse under the bed's leg. Hotel claimed that she was just being forgetful! (Who would place a purse under bed's leg and forget about it?) WE CHECKED OUT IMMEDIATELY, CANCELLING THE REST OF OUR STAY. We haven't seen the refund for the cancelled stay till this day. (We had paid for the room in full via expedia, but The Savoy said they would 'personally guarantee to refund a one night's stay in the name of Savoy' but hasn't done so. We are currently disputing via AMEX.)So, please, do not even consider staying at The Savoy. This hotel is a has-been. In our grandparents' age, it was a really good hotel. My grandparents had a really fantastic 2-week stay there decades ago. Now it's a total touristy place for people from that period and tourists who have heard of its glorious past, unaware of what it is now. If you are still going to stay at The Savoy, please be sure to put your stuff in the safe. That way, you have some protection. Also, upon being led to a dirty (they may claim the room is just historical, such as our case) room, please ask for another room. If you are asthmatic, don't stay at The Savoy. My wife's asthma attacks completely stopped upon checking out. Enjoy your trip to London!	
Jan 29 2005	Charming romantic and of course it's old	I've lurked &amp; exploited tripadvisor long enough (thanks, all!); it's time for me to weigh in, hoping to balance this discussion.Yes, the Savoy is old. If you seek modern sleek splendor do go elsewhere. But for old-style charm, grand public spaces (lobbies, cloakrooms), and immaculate service, you can't do much better.Our old room did have some small carpentry &amp; plumbing glitches. The place doesn't need renovation so much as two hours of minor repair. But the old room also entailed lovely fixtures &amp; cabinetry, and the largest bathtub I've ever soaked in.Staff were very polite, despite prior reviews. The Fairmont chain purchased the Savoy days before our arrival, so I doubt they get much credit for that. I do hope they don't modernize. We did wish they were better-informed re area attractions, and the new management brings some new staff. Don't expect much local knowledge from the American accents!Yes, our elevator (ahem, &quot;lift&quot;) was a bit slow &amp; quirky (&quot;when WILL that door close?&quot;), but I would rather put up with that, than lose the opportunity to ride the oldest lift in England.If you book through a package, you'll get no view. Try to get a high floor regardless; it'll be better air &amp; light that way.Healthclub is modernized. Wish we had made time for it. Didn't dine in the hotel, except for an excellent but wildly expensive breakfast.If you go: Heathrow express is fastest/nicest way, but you still need to tube or taxi the rest. Piccadilly-line underground is fastest/easiest (Covent Garden stop is a short walk). Taxi is for wasting time &amp; money.Nearby, do shop at the original Twinings. Don't miss the Temple Inn &amp; Church. Eat at Simpsons, if you really want full-retro English.	
Dec 27 2004	Unpleasant food and service at times.	The Savoy has a tremendous reputation - perhaps now that there are different owners it will buck up a bit.One of the worst restaurant experiences I had in my life was being overcharged at one of the premiere Savoy restaurants - it ruined what was a disappointingly boring meal, a bottle of champagne that was not properly chilled, and suspect as well as the cork was not popped at the table and was loose in the bucket; and insolent rude service which was unexpected and patronizing. The kitchen appeared to make no great effort and the prices were astronomical. At other times dinners were not at all remarkable.I have hope that things have changed as it is a lovely historical place and brilliantly situated, and the front-line staff make great efforts, but one has a sense that there is a long way to go. Bear in mind that many of the rooms are not as large as they were in our parent's or grandparent's times, and have been divided again. As well the standard of service is now aimed more towards businessmen on large accounts and represents a lesser kind of clientele socially. It is not a place where one's old memories are happily rekindled.The ferris wheel apparatus across the river as well has spoiled the view.Smaller boutique hotels that try harder are within five minutes walk on the Strand. The Ritz is another option.	
Dec 27 2004	Wonderful Hotel	We just got home after staying 5 nights at the Savoy, plus I had my mother and sister join for a night. We all loved it.The hotel is a classy place with a very nice lobby and beautiful rooms. After reading some of the reviews I was a little nervous - but having spent my earlier years in London prior to coming to the States I was determined! Service was excellent with room service in 10 minutes or less. All our rooms (4) were beautifully decorated in classic art deco style with THE most comfortable beds. Bathrooms in marble etc with superb direct down overhead showers. Afternoon tea was excellent for both quality and service. I saw nothing jaded or threadbare in the areas I was in - except the first elevator we went down in in that turned out to be a barebones service elevator direct to the kitchen I think!. It is not the &quot;Grand Entry&quot; style of modern hotels such as a Grand Hyatt with 20 stories of lobby, rather it is more on the elegant side and it has apparently been recently redecorated. The only bad/irritating experience I had was one doorman last Wednesday evening when he was chatting on the phone rather than getting me a taxi - I had to walk 50 feet to get my own taxi. Which is why I almost could not quite give 5 the stars - but is anybody really perfect?. Not that you always need a taxi -Chicago and Stomp are playing literally across the street and Covent Garden and Leicester Square real close. Everybody else in the hotel was always very helpful (including all the other doormen)I will definitely be back there.	
Nov 29 2004	Swanky Savoy	Stayed at the Savoy while on vacation in London in late October and truly enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff were very courteous and friendly. The room was &quot;roomy&quot;; very comfortable bed, sofa couch in front of the TV, bed turndown service. The bathroom was large and beautiful; marble everywhere, towel warmer, separate bath and shower, vertical rainfall showerhead. The Savoy lobby and hotel driveway were classically stylish. Only one neg: Due to the exchange rate, found it difficult to eat at the hotel's restaurants due to the high price. Perhaps a casual coffeeshop would be a welcome addition. Lots of other places to eat nearby the hotel though. The hotel location was awesome. 3 minute walk to the Underground(Charring Cross, Covent Garden). Hotel is right on the Strand and just below Covent Garden. Many theatres and shops close by. A busy enough area but not &quot;too&quot; busy. Would love to stay there again sometime soon. Made our trip to London even more memorable.	
Nov 23 2004	Love It!	We have stayed here several times in a range of their rooms (depending on funds)! The suite we had overlooking the Thames was wonderful, while the standard rooms we have stayed in do tend to be smallish and dark - they are still well furnished. The bathrooms never disappoint - I love the marble baths and have to spend several hours luxuriating.The Grill restaurant is stunning - service is excellent and the food is heaven on a plate.Location is excellent.If I had to be picky then I would say the American Bar is small and uncomfortable. But the lounge area is great and the staff friendly and helpful.	
Oct 13 2004	Over Priced	The Savoy is well situated for most attractions. However The Savoy is really living on a past reputation of 20 years ago or more. The hotel is very tired looking with thread bare carpets and depressing decoration.The good points about the hotel apart from location is that the staff are very friendly and efficient and the food in all the restraunts was also very good.It is not a hotel that I would recomend or go back too as I think you can get better deals at far better hotels in London. We stayed there in October 2004.	
Sep 23 2004 	Nice location rooms on the shabby side	I stayed at the Savoy in London for two nights in September, 2004.The location was great. It was right across from Covent Garden, close to many attractions, and in the Theatre district for those that are interested.The staff was excellent. Quiet, efficient, polite.Room service was efficient, the food was good, and for London, the cost was reasonable.My complaint about that hotel is not that anything was wrong with it really, it is just such an expensive hotel with this reputation for being one of the finest, and it simply isn't that. The rooms are a fair size and there is high-speed internet access for those that would like it. However, the ceilings and walls are dirty, and the paint is peeling in some areas.If you are thinking of treating yourself to a top notch hotel, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. If you want a hotel in a great location with good staff, I would say you might love your stay.	
Sep 21 2004	Enjoyed the Savoy	I really enjoyed the Savoy. I paid 75 pounds for a car to pick me up which was very convenient and the driver was very nice and informative. When I arrived they had upgraded my room and somebody showed me around the hotel and made sure everything was in order. The hotel is pretty much in the center of London. I took a cab or walked everywhere. And take a boat ride on the Thames. I took one to the Tower of London and you can get some great pictures. At the Savoy everyone was very friendly from the doormen to the front desk. The only drawback I had was at the cashier's desk when they said something was wrong w/my credit card. It was actually a debit card and they made a big deal about it, not sure why. Might be b/c they couldn't take out the money all at once, I don't know. But it really annoyed me and upset me b/c they made it out to be my problem which it wasn't. And also watch out for the phone charges. I had a phone card and still got charged an arm and a leg. My longest call, 17 min., cost me 198 pounds. But besides those couple of snags the Savoy is really very nice and you might see a couple of famous people. I had just missed seeing Nicholas Cage by 10-15 minutes.	
Sep 15 2004	Room was great hotel was okay	Stayed for 3 nights at the Savoy. The hotel location on the Strand is unbeatable. You are also sheltered by street noise since the actual building is inset from the street. As other reviewers have commented, the hotel common areas do look rather dated (carpets, elevators, furniture). The dim lighting doesn't help either. On the other hand, the ladies' cloakroom on the 1st floor is big, bright, and well-appointed. Worth a visit (women only).Our standard room had a king bed; a long mirrored writing/dressing table; generous wardrobe w/ mirrored doors; TV/mini-bar cabinet.The bathroom was a large, rectangular room that included a luxurious bathtub and rain showerhead, towel heating rack, beautiful pedestal sink, bidet, and of course, toilet. Toiletries by Floris were very welcome. The window could be opened and provided more illumination.The employees were friendly but not too knowledgeable (of Harrods closed on Sun., the Savoy pool hours). Overall, service was good. We were allowed to check in early at 11am. When we complained about a problem w/ our room, it was promptly resolved. The porter and doormen were professional.We had drinks in the American Bar (live pianist). Nice but overpriced.We did enjoy our stay at the Savoy. The only reason it didn't get a 4-star rating is because the hotel could do a bit more to modernize the older areas.	
Sep 10 2004	Skip the Savoy	This hotel was listed as a &quot;splurge&quot; in a guidebook, so we chose it, really looking forward to the view of the Thames. There is no place in this hotel, even public rooms, that have a decent view. The room was nice, very big bathroom and comfortable bed. The location was good as well. But overall the hotel was cramped, confusing to get around in, dated, and rundown. The elevator smells like a dumpster. The prices are ABSURD. We read the room service menu and laughed like it was a joke book. Most staff were friendly with the exception of a french guy at the desk who checked us out. He was almost rude enough to write a letter about. Would never stay here again.	
Sep 4 2004	forget it -- a waste of a huge amount of money	Stayed at the &quot;Savoy&quot; in March 2004 .This place was so disappointing --It is a dump, plain and simple. Save your money and go over to Jermyn Street to the lovely little hotel there.	
Aug 30 2004	What a Dump!	Don't even think about it. This place relies entirely on a reputation formed long ago, which bears no relation to the reality of its present condition. Go for tea, but throw your money in the Thames before you rent a room here.For nearly 500 Pounds Sterling a night, you should probably expect more than being escorted to an occupied room, and then being led aimlessly around by a member of the front desk staff that can't even find your room.It is old, it is dirty, and entirely indifferent to the happiness of its guests. Try the Mandarin Oriental instead -- we stayed there our first three nights in London and there was no comparison.	
Aug 8 2004	Good Location	The Savoy is a great location if you are going to see the Lion King or if you like to explore little nearby streets by Cov. Garden. As for the hotel when you walked in it had a bad smell, that didn't seem to go away. We had our kids so we had two rooms, and they were worn. The best thing about the rooms were the cozy beds, it was a fun location but I don't know if I would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2004	All Bark and no bite	While making reservations for Tea , I was warned that jackets and ties were required and that there was a strict dress code. After coaxing my husband and son into a jacket and tie, imagine our surprise to find men wearing jeans, polo shirts, no ties and no jackets! Ladies were also dressed informally! The tea and pastries were nice, but the service was non exsistent! We had to look for the server to pay the check! Overpriced for the service and food. Dress code obviously not enforced and high tea was more like low tea!	
Jun 3 2004	The staff made our stay a good one.	The Savoy was our first stay in Europe May 18-May 21(we went on to France). I was expecting a nice 5 star hotel and it is. It's just not as nice as I expected. The rooms are clean with nice furniture, and great bathrooms with oversized tubs, but I don't think we got one of their better rooms from what I saw advertised on the internet. Regardless, we enjoyed our stay in London and the staff at the Savoy was especially nice to me and my wife. They made us feel very welcome there. I would stay here again if I return to London. One issue to consider is the air conditioning. We had one hot day and the AC turned up on high did little to keep the room cool. This might be an issue in the summer time. 	
Jun 1 2004	Afternoon tea was wonderful	We booked afternoon tea for a party with our friends. What a lovely afternoon. Everything to eat and drink was superb, but it's the service and ambience that made it so special. We stayed for hours, with no feeling of being rushed, and the tea, sandwiches, and pastries were supplied when requested, as much as we wanted. How different from other places I have been to!Other places may have &quot;higher ratings&quot; by reviewers, but the Savoy will always be one of my very happy memories as the staff and surroundings complemented the food to make an unsurpassable experience. Thanks to everyone there.	
May 24 2004	oh dear	Arrived to a nice welcoming but things went down from there the room was about £280 for a twin and all extras were very expensiveAfter settling in and going for a walk i returned and it took five minutes to explain i was a resident and had to show my key card to proove itFood was not bad but very little and i was forced to keep my jacket on at all times in the american bar at it was hotDont go if you want a relaxing time its far too formal and nothing special	
May 15 2004	Disappointing	Stayed here as an experiment - not the great hotel I was expecting! Many others have better rooms, facilities, breakfasts... and the food at the Savoy Grill was overpriced and of distinctly indifferent quality (both meat and vegetarian options). Their much-vaunted cocktail bar does do good cocktails (as it should at those prices!) but the atmosphere is not up to much. Do yourself a favour and go elsewhere!	
Apr 29 2004	Wonderful First Stay!	My first trip to the Savoy--April 2004, was a great success, and I would go again in a heartbeat. Arrived in the early morning to find that not only was the room ready early, but that it had been upgraded without request. The room itself was bright, pretty and quiet even at the back side of the hotel, the bathroom spectacular, with a tub one could drown in blissfully. The Savoy Grill was top notch, service and food both excellent.	
Apr 26 2004	Wonderful experience	We booked the cheapest possible rate over the Savoy's website at GBP 119 and were expecting a very cramped and basic room. To my surprise, the room was roomy and beautiful, with antiques and lots of classic touches. The bathroom was spotless, huge, with lots of marble and a great shower and bath. Staff and service, expecially the concierge, were excellent, very friendly and not stuffy at all. The gym/pool were very clean and modern as well. Location is perfect for walking or taking the tube to all the sights in London.One complaint would be the outrageous room service prices for breakfast (USD 50.00 for continental breakfast for 1 person!). Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 31 2004	Absolutely fabulous!!		
Feb 10 2004	Great Hotel		
Feb 7 2004	What a terrible experience!!		
Dec 17 2003	The best hotel in london		
Dec 10 2003	A disappointing room		
Dec 8 2003	Great Service		
Oct 20 2003	The Savoy was GREAT!		
Oct 16 2003	Amazing worth every penny		
Oct 16 2003	Fabulous art deco chic		
Oct 15 2003 	Worst Hotel Experience Ever!		
Aug 28 2007 	The Savoy		
