	Great service top class cleanliness and and central location	Stayed at the Imperial midweek for a couple of days in November. Perfect location for visiting any part of London's West End, we were going to the theatre and shopping. Hotel reception cosy and relaxing. Staff were superb ( repeat superb) throughout, always hepful and polite. Twin room on third floor overlooking courtyard was large and had good quality lighting rather than the 40 watt bulbs provided by other hotels.Breakfast of hot and cold food ( all you can eat buffet) served to about 10 am, staff come around with tea and coffee which stops the buffet area getting clogged up.Very clean hotel and we would definitely stay here again. by the way the rooms are not air conditioned but you do not need that in London anyway.	
Nov 26 2009 	A bit overpriced but a great location	This is a bit old fashioned hotel located in a very convenient location. As usual it is overpriced like everything in central London. I have stayed there in end November, 2009 for a tourist visit for 3 days in a twin room along with my wife. Although it was a twin room, we joined the beds easily (the beds are roller beds but comfortable) to make it a double bed. I will say it is a decent one for an expensive city like London, where rooms are small but clean, and toilets with shower and hot water, good English breakfast but limited choice and same menu every day, nice surroundings with lots of affordable restaurants to eat out. In my case toilet and shower area were completely separate, on either side of the passage in the room, bit unusual and uncomfortable but I am not sure if it is same for every room or not. The rooms are equipped with tea/coffee making services and a small refrigerator. Staffs are in general helpful and cordial. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It is centrally located on Russell Square in Bloomsbury area, with a two minute walk (5 min with Luggage) to underground station and close to bus stops connecting most of the London. The station is on Piccadilly line, with a direct connection to Heathrow (1 hour journey by underground), which I found great. The major tourist attractions are also close like British Museum (5 min walk) and Oxford Street (10-15 Min walk) and very well connected through underground. Remember the hotel is not air conditioned, therefore, please check if you are going in summer time. I had no problem in during my visit in November.	
Nov 20 2009 	Try to look for somehting better ...	On the plus side the rooms were clean and functional, if a little basic. The staff were friendly and helpful and doing a good job in what is a sub-standard hotel. The location is excellent but don't get a room overlooking Russell Square - while the view from upper floors is great, the noise from traffic is unbearable. Windows are very draughty and the heating has two settings - off and cremate. My room showed signs of forced entry, which doesn't inspire. The wireless network was broken and the tv had limited channels and was a bit small. Breakfast was a bit poor. I'd personally not stay again but I guess, at a push, it is ok for one night.	
Nov 15 2009 	Impressed with whole package	Stayed at Imperial over August Bank Hol. Used as a base for sightseeing and theatre. Very well placed for the visits we planned; only 1 stop from Kings Cross and a short walk from Covent Garden. Taxi to theatre to see Jersey Boys cost £8 -cheaper than I expected!! Hotel reception lovely - dated but lovely. Staff were very helpful, polite and attentive. They advised on approximate taxi fares, tube stations, places of interest. They offered to call a taxi to save us the effort of hailing one and a taxi appeared very shortly afterwards. Room was on 5th floor and was a good size. Bathroom very well appointed, great deep bathtub for soaking in! Lovely lounge at the front of the hotel on the first floor.Breakfast is served buffet style in second floor restaurant. Very swish room, but again dated. Food was fine with a great variety of eggs, usual cooked English breakfast fayre, cereals, juices etc etc. Help yourself to as little or as much as you wanted. Hotel was busy with the majority of guests attending Rugby League final.Only gripe was that our room overlooked a lovely courtyard which was also shared by the casino. We were disturbed late at night by thoughtless individuals shouting and screaming and arguing when leaving the casino - obviously they'd not had a good night at the tables!! However this was not the fault of the hotel so couldn't really attribute blame to them. Would I stay here again? Most certainly. If you are looking for a budget hotel that is clean and with a bit of character and old style charm, conveniently situated in Central London, this hotel is for you.	
Nov 14 2009 	Perfectly Adequate	Very good for a budget stay in central London. Here's the bottom line:Location - Right across from Russell Square, a block from the British Museum, and around the corner from the tube station. It's on the Picadilly Line, so you can get here directly from Heathrow in about an hour. The Hotel - Dated, spartan common areas. Hasn't been updated since the days of Austin Powers, and he wouldn't have stayed here even then. Mediocre institutional English breakfast that seemed to tickle the fancy of the middle aged Continental tourist groups here.Room - Surprisingly good for a single. And I do mean a single - imagine a standard European hotel room, and then cut it in half. A little stark, but decently appointed, with IKEAish furniture and a small flat screen. A small single bed, which probably wouldnt be too comfortable if you were over 6 feet. New bathroom with a real shower and full tub with real water pressure (yes). The hotel fronts on a busy street, but the back of the hotel looks over a courtyard of sorts, which serves as the parking lot and front of a 24 hour casino. That's sounds worse than it is, but if you have a room on that side, it is relatively quiet at night.Price - This is one of those &quot;the price is the price&quot; places - They have them posted on a permanent plastic sign in front of the hotel. So if they want to change the price, they have to order a new sign. (I think it was about 78 pounds for a single). I booked from their website and they even threw in a voucher for a free dinner the first night. (You get what you pay for, but it saved a few quid....) Not as cheap as many of the places on Gower Street, but I think a decent value for a high price low value hotel city.  Some reviewers on this site have complained that the hotel does not meet expectations as a business hotel, and I would agree with that assessment. All in all, I would stay here again, but I wouldn't bring the wife.	
Nov 2 2009 	Would not go again in a hurry	We stayed here for 2 nights B&amp;B &amp; the first nights evening meal. Unfortunately we decided to use the hotel nearby for the evening meal a big mistake. The President Hotel is in the same group of hotels unfortunately the reception staff do not understand English &amp; the restaurant staff have no idea of what customer service is. We were shown to our table &amp; had to wait 15minutes to get someone to take our order even then only after we complained. After we had eaten our main course we then had to wait a further 30minutes to get someone to take our order for dessert. Our daughter wanted vanilla ice cream but they had run out we were informed they had strawberry but when this came it was more like a frozen strawberry yoghurt even I could not eat what they laughingly call ice cream. We saw another couple leaving the restaurant after there meal who advised the restaurant manger the service was &quot;Diabolical&quot; after this couple left the manager &amp; a waiter could be seen laughing about it. My wife went to reception after our meal for a complaints form but the receptionist had to get somebody else to deal with this as she was incapable of understanding English to a reasonable standard. All of the problems I have stated here relate to The President Hotel which is attached to The Imperial Hotel. The staff in both hotels are mainly of oriental origin which I have no qualms with but would expect them to be able to converse in english to a reasonable standard.	
Oct 27 2009 	GOOD VALUE FOR PRIME LONDON LOCATION!	As a frequent visitor for over 40 years, London has never failed to disappoint with shabby, outdated and often unclean hotel rooms in the value price range. So the Imperial was a pleasant surprise! Clean recently updated rooms with full bath, pleasant and helpful staff, and a fun bar/restaurant with late hours for after the theatre. I agree with others that the included breakfast needs help! For the price and location, the Imperial offers good value and is a solid choice. I would stay here again which I have never said about any London hotel before!!	
Oct 24 2009	Faulty towers gone large	I stayed here for 4 nights and in all honesty wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Firstly the staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. I have never seen such a &quot;dated&quot; hotel in my life. I actually call it Faulty Towers gone Large. The room itself was clean enough but the bedding was not comfortable, the beds have wheels so be prepared to roll every time you move, the toilet and bathroom are seperate (just weird) and the noise from outside was hurrendous (bring ear plugs). There is no wireless despite the hotel claiming to they have it. Bring your own towels too as they arent very generous with the towels and you'd be lucky to get anything bigger than a hand sized towel. The breakfast was appauling. The scrambled eggs are powder made and the toast was soggy. It was also difficult to get tea and coffee served as the staff seem to be doing everything but serving guests. Also you cannot take your key out of the hotel it comes on a metal wand like thing which is just annoying. The only positive about this hotel is the location. Be warned this hotel is not up to standards it claims and it is overpriced for what it is.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good service but my breakfast was horrid!	I like this hotel. There are a few things that irritate me, but I have to remind myself that on our last visit we stayed round the corner in a terrible B&amp;B, the room didnt have a tv etc etc, so to say this is £20 more expensive than the ultra budget london b&amp;b's it is fantastic. LOVED: nice little TV, large desk / dressing table, free WiFi, Room service very good. Staff very very helpfull and good choice of bars etc within the hotel itself. Good storage, 2 wardrobes. DIDNT LIKE: Only 2 towels? One each, not the usual at a hotel surely? Also the pillows were like pancakes... the toilet and bathroom are very small and clautrophobic. The breakfast. We payed the £2 extra to have it delivered to your room. Im not usually fussy but oh dear! I dont know if its possible but the eggs were obviously some kind of frozen ones that they heat up, the sausages terrible! The coffee was good though.The thing is... for the price and location these negatives are more than acceptable and I would return.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great	Visiting from Canada. Stayed for 10 nights. Very clean and comfortable. Breakfeast no variation but good. Staff friendly and very helpful. Bathroom spotless with a great soaker tub! Lots of restaurants and services nearby. Russell Tube convenient.Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 16 2009 	The Imperial saved out weekend!!	The hotel we had booked on line was dirty and unsafe and we took a risk walking out at 10pm with nowhere to stay - it was also the end of London Fashion We ek and really busy. Round the corner was the Imperial - reasonable rates, nice rooms, fabulously helpful staff, great bar, good food, great weekend.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good choice for a medium price hotel in this area	I recommend this hotel but you should certainly not expect American style accommodations and you should understand that you travel to experience other cultures. I also recommend upgrading to the executive rooms if you have more than one person and you can afford the small extra amount (you will get some extra room; nothing more, but I find that valuable for more than one person; if I traveled alone I would get their regular room).The hotel has an outstanding location. Very close to the British Museum and the Russell Square tube station. I love this historic area, although the Russell Square area can get noisy at night, so ask for a room not overlooking the square if you want peace-and-quiet during the night and you plan to keep your windows open (they have no air-conditioning as usual per British hotels).I found the staff OUTSTANDING. Very accommodating, helpful, pleasant, welcoming, and well-trained. I've stayed at lots of hotels in this area, and found them the absolute best. I felt very impressed with the staff and whoever manages this hotel.The rooms will appear very basic to the uninitiated American traveler. But by British London budget hotel standards you should have no complaints at all. Clean, nice bath, television, with an electric kettle in the room, etc. Americans should NOT expect British accommodations at the level of even a Holiday Inn however. The British still struggle a bit regarding their accommodations due to their having older hotels. In any event, I have no complaints and could regale everyone with horror stories about British hotels.I cannot express my admiration for the staff. For example, I had requested a refrigerator for my medicine before I arrived ,and, without asking (I had forgotten after a long flight), they had arranged for one in my room (which most American hotels do not manage; I have to remind them in most cases); they did not charge for it either (many hotels do). We found the staff always friendly, helpful, well-trained, courteous, and of a level that we simply do not expect in London, no matter the price, quite frankly.My one complaint: the included breakfast. I do not have high expectations for British food, except for the breakfasts. They had a nice buffet breakfast by British standards though. In fact, I found the food in their restaurants quite good, to my surprise (again: I do not like British food; but they had fresh peas with their fish and chips in one of their restaurants which pleasantly surprised me). I suppose I should not really complain as by British standards they offered a very nice, ample, filling, and tasty breakfast. I do not rate this as a big deal at all; view it as a very minor quirk by an American.I would stay here again and I view it as a good bargain for the price and location. You simply cannot beat the proximity to the Russell Square tube station (very convenient) and the British Museum (hint: use the back door to the museum if you don't want to walk a lot as it works as closest to Russell Square and the hotel). I could happily spend a few weeks inside the British Museum of course. The area also has a nice selection of restaurants, pubs, and shopping, although, again, with the tube station only a block or so away that doesn't really matter: get out and explore one of the greatest cities in the world!Some have complained that the TV does not show a lot of satellite channels and such. True enough, but then, you don't visit London to spend entertainment time in your hotel room! It had a basic selection or TV and radio, which I found just fine.I would stay here again. High praise, as I have never stayed in a hotel in this area twice, by choice. I love the Bloomsbury area too.If you fly in via Heathrow take the excellent express train to Paddington Station, and then either tube over to Russell Square, or take a cab (if you have never visited London before, I recommend taking the cab from Paddingnton Station even though it costs more, especially if you arrive after a long flight from the states; unless you have no fear of new big cities). This will save you time and money.	
Sep 30 2009 	Clean friendly hotel in cebtral location	I booked this trip as a surprise for my husbands brthday, after searching through lots of different offers I decided on superbreak to the Imperial. The train was on time and we arrived in London 3 hours early for check in. We headed for the hotel to off load the luggage. We where checked in and in our rooms within 10 mins, they where very efficient and polite. I was a bit concerend about what breakfast might hold due to previous reviews, my husband and I where more than satisfied with the breakfast there was plenty of choice and totally indulged in a full english for the three mornings we where there. The hotel room was spotless, the shower was by far the most powerful shower I have ever been in and the bathroom was immaculate. All in all a lovelly hotel for a fab price and we would not hesitate to stay there again and are already planning a follow up trip.	
Sep 23 2009	Tired but Great	Finding a cheap hotel in a good location in London is tough. I've stayed in a couple and while they've always been ok they've never been really up to standard; until now.The Imperial is a lovely little hotel in a very nice area with easy walking range of Euston yet at almost a mid-point to the major attraction (which, for me, are walkable). The area is nice and quiet, reasonably tidy... feels safe to walk around in. There are some basic shops and eating places nearby. Very good.The hotel is old, very 80s in its deco, and some parts are rather tired looking. However it was clean everywhere. The room I stayed in (single) overlooked the courtyard at the rear so was nice and quiet. I think it had been recently updated as the furnishings seemed quite new. Comfortable, larger than a single usually is, good shower (though if you have mobility issues that bath is a bit tall). All basic stuff but all clean, all working. In addition, being at the rear of the hotel made it quite quiet.Staff were friendly but largely unhelpful. Nothing major, but asking for directions and so on they were fairly useless (bus route map was much more useful). Also a bit fussy at breakfast about where you can sit but it wasn't rudeness - they were just very busy. Breakfast was basic but good; especially if you like eggs, because they had pretty much every type you can imagine for some reason.Now to make a note... for the advertised price I'd say you aren't getting quite enough, though close... but I booked through superbreaks and got it much, much cheaper. If you can get a deal this hotel is a real gem.	
Sep 19 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	I stayed here for one night and having read some of the reviews, I wasn't looking forward to it. Generally speaking for a central London hotel, for 105 for a twin room, it was OK. It was clean enough, the decor was a bit tired but could have been worse. The 60s cell block exterior wasn't inviting and the 'Elizabethan dining room' and the key on the end of what looked like a cattle prod were a trifle bizarre, but it was a few minutes walk from the British Museum and overlooked Russell Sq gardens. The traffic was noisy and I couldn't fancy the cooked breakfast - poached eggs suspended in a vat of water looked like body parts. There was a nice, reasonably priced Italian restaurant just around the corner, off Southampton Row (Cordoba or something similar).	
Sep 12 2009 	Good value for your money	Overall a very good hotel, great for families who look for comfortable stay.Pros:Very clean and tidy rooms.Nice breakfast.Kind service.Good price for those who try to stay on the budget (78 pounds).Very good location, close to mayfair, 2 minutes from russell square tube station.Cons:Noise from the street.Very small room (single room)	
Aug 28 2009	The place to stay!	My son and I ( 26 and 59 ) stayed at the Imperial for two nights. We had come down from Durham to &quot;do the museum&quot; thing. I had stayed with my wife at the Russell Hotel ( a great hotel by the way ) along the road in June and as the Imperial was alot less expensive I was pleasantly surprised to find out how good it was. The rooms were nice and clean and we decided to take our complimentary three course meal at the Indian restaurant up the street rather than at the President Hotel next door ( after reading other reviews) and had a really good free meal in a &quot;proper&quot; restaurant.Another good thing abaout the Imperial is the &quot;Night and Day&quot; bar which is open until 1.00am and serves drinks at normal prices, in fact I would go as far as to say the prices were as cheap as anywhere else in town.While there we visted the Tower of London which was well worth the £17 each entry. Ee found that Westminster Abbey was far too crowded to appreciate anything and at £15 each entry rather expensive for what it was. By far the best attraction we visited was the National Army Museum ( get the tube to Sloan Square ) which was free entry and contained a host of interesting exhibits and information and was exrtemely well laid out.As others have said, the Imperial is very close to mainline stations, we walked to it from Kings Cross in about 10-15 mins and just round the corner from Russell Square tube station. The tube is probably the best way to get around London quickly and relatively cheaply.	
Aug 25 2009 	Imperial Russell Square - appearance is deceptive	Genuinely surprised with this hotel. There are about 6 Imperial Hotels in the vicinity so inevitably went to the wrong one first but staff helpfully redirected me. Was slightly nervous when I saw it as it is a 60s style modelled on an egg box but couldn't fault it. Good location (10-15 min walk to Euston/Kings Cross/St. Pancras, 5 mins to British Museum), very clean rooms, fairly quiet given its location (near Euston Fire Station), good room size (spacious triple - £120 for a night). The dining room has the most marvellous carpet I've ever seen, seemingly based on a deck of cards/Tudor theme (which I'd have rolled up and taken home if it was possible) and the breakfast was good. The only - miniscule - thing that was a bit odd was trying to attract the waiter's attention for some tea, and then the tea being a weird grey colour. However, this was probably because the waiter couldn't understand my accent and having lived in London I know the tea always tastes funny on account of the hard water. All in all, a great stay, and would use again.	
Aug 24 2009 	No thrills	Wasn't sure what to expect after reading some reviews but came away feeling positive about The Imperial. Stayed on business in a single room which for a single wasn't a bad size and it had a decent bathroom with a bath, enough room to spread out and put things away and two large windows that could be opened, TV etc.Stayed at the back overlooking the courtyard which is supposed to be the quietest part and I slept pretty well over 3 nights, which isn't bad for central London. I am a light sleeper and thought I might be disturbed by air conditioning units below but they didn't bother me with windows closed. Sound insulation from adjacent rooms wasn't brilliant so a lot depends on your neighbours - as always in hotels.Breakfast OK if you like it cooked and I do, with a hot buffet with usual stuff. Bar and restaurant downstairs where the food was only OK and it wasn't the kind of place you would want to sit around in too long.Good location and always plenty of helpful staff about.Good budget hotel although is 100 quid budget ?	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location and ticked all our boxes.	Okay, so it's not a luxury hotel but it's not meant to be. It certainly ticked all our boxes - we're a small family (one ten year old son) and we booked the hotel on one of those rail + hotel deals through Thomas Cook. I wasn't expecting anything special and it certainly wasn't - but the rooms, though basic, were very clean and spacious with twin beds and a double sofa bed for our son, plus complimentary soaps and shampoos. We overlooked the fountain and I was a little disturbed by people chatting outside late at night - certainly not rowdy, but the sound seemed to echo. Breakfast was plentiful and tasty but don't expect a smorgasbord of cold meats and cheeses - instead enjoy lots of fried eggs, sausages and bacon! The tea and coffee was a bit stewed but then I'm fussy when it comes to needing a decent cup of tea. All in all a thoroughly pleasant stay with friendly, knowledgeable staff. We left our suitcases in the left luggage room on our last day and were surprised by the very reasonable charge of 50p! Some of the nearby hotels seemed to be swarming with students and coach tours and I'm glad we were spared that. If I was to do it again, I might try the Bedford hotel, part of the same group, which is marketed as much smaller and more intimate.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very noisy rooms not very comfortable. OK for a budget stay.	Family room uncomfortably warm. Lots of noise from rooms on either side and loads of traffic noise. Next door checked in at 1.30am and woke us all up and didn't settle down until after 3am. Would have expected family rooms to have been on the quiet side of the hotel. Other guests remarked on how quiet their rooms were. Will know to specify that if we stay on another occassion. Buffet breakfast very good, 'FREE 3 course meal' very disappointing. Hotel location very good for Kings Cross mainline and Russell Sq Tube stations. Would recommend an Oyster Card for the Underground	
Aug 11 2009 	fantastic stay	Arrived early well before check in room wasn't prepared but told we could leave our luggage there. Very friendly receptionist changed our free meal to the sunday as we had theatre tickets for the saturday. We were upgraded to a family room which was large and airy very clean and tidy bed was very comfortable had a really good nights sleep also liked the fact that the room had a seperate bath &amp; toilet. We had the breakfast normally we only have cereal but the eggs and bacon looked to good to resist which we didn't . The location is great just around the corner from russell square tube, it also has several restaurants and a Tesco direct near it perfect to get sandwiches from instead of paying for meals at the attractions. Would definately recommend	
Aug 6 2009	OK ALL ROUND	Large hotel and very noisy at front of hotel with traffic. Very helpful staff both in reception and in dining room. Thought breakfast was very poor and boring with a limited range - no cold meats, cheese or fresh fruit or yoghurts.	
Aug 5 2009 	Book this hotel for location/value for money/good staff	Just returned from a three night stay at Imperial, usually stay at Premier/Travelinn but got this hotel combined with rail deal so good value. Very clean hotelbed/bathrooms at good price. Evening meal in with first night stay, roast dinner three courses absolutely fine. Good breakfast in nice first floor room. Arrived before two but no problem checking in. Asked for a high floor (8th) and overlooked Russell Square, wonderful views and very close to British Museum. Staff were very good and bed/towels changed every day. Would definitley return.	
Jul 24 2009	Budget-friendly hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Imperial for 3 nights in June. The hotel was booked for us through a tour group, so we weren't sure what to expect. When we arrived at 10am on check-in day, we were expecting to have to lock up our luggage and go explore until the 2pm check-in time. We were pleasantly surprised that our room was ready, however, and we were able to check-in early. Our room was small, but not any smaller than you would expect in a budget hotel. We had 2 twin beds, but we just pushed them together to make one big bed. Decor was a bit dated, but the place was clean and tidy. The location was the best thing about this hotel - big park scross the street and super close to the Russell Square tube station, which made it so easy to get everywhere we wanted to go.The English breakfast wasn't bad, but it's the same food every day, so if you're there for a long stay, it might get tiring. I was happy with my hard-boiled eggs and toast. I would not, however, suggest having supper at the hotel. Ours was included in our tour, so we went, but I'm not sure it was even worth the &quot;free&quot; meal. I can only lament the chicken, as that's what we both had. It was completely dry...even hard to chew... with no flavour. We were calling it &quot;chicken jerky&quot; by the end of the meal. The vegetables were clearly from a bag. There are plenty of other great places to eat... don't waste your time here.Anyway, aside from the food, the hotel was a budgeter's deam! Overall a good experience.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good Location good quality-price relation! I recommend it!	Me and my parents stayed at Imperial Hotel for 4 nights, between Christmas and New Year! The hotel location is very good, really close to a subway station! In front of this hotel, you find one small park (if you like to run in the morning …, you can enjoy it).The hotel staff is helpful and very nice and the room was clean and comfortable. If you want to have an English breakfast, you can have it there!I loved London and this hotel wasn’t bad at all! Good Location, good quality-price relation! I recommend it!	
Jul 12 2009	Great value	Contrary to the norm, the rooms are much nicer than the the sixties-style lobby might suggest! (The rooms have recently been refurbished.) I spent 2 nights here with my father who used to stay here for business years ago. I was lucky as it was full and was put in a large 3-bed room to myself vs a small single room. The English breakfast is solid and at the current price it would be hard to find better value for money. I left a new pen knife in the room and they found it and kept it for me. Its full of tour groups etc but it really is one of the best deals in town based on location, modern en-suite rooms and a good power breakfast..	
Jul 9 2009 	Best Value for Money	I stayed at the Imperial in June 2009. I knew more or less what to expect since this was my second staying there. Still, I was surprised to see that the hotel had been upgraded and improved in many ways since 2000. Don't get me wrong: my five star rating doesn't mean that the Imperial competes with the Ritz; it does mean however that for a mere GBP 78 you'll probably get the best value for your money in Central London.I arrived very late, after 11 PM, and asked for a high floor, quiet room. I got room 932 which was perfect -- a very quiet, relatively spacious and very clean room. The bathroom was also spacious and very clean, with plenty of hot water and they now even have a shampoo! The coffee making kit is also much better than it used to be. It includes real milk instead of those horrendous whitening powder. The bed is clean and cozy though a bit wobbly (a chronic problem in many hotels) but I slept very well. The room has no safe (you can use the safe deposit boxes at the reception desk for a nominal fee) or air conditioning but if it did, you'd probably have to pay around GBP150 per night and since the weather was cool, this wasn't a problem. That said, in June I'd recommend booking hotels with air-conditioning because you might bump into a sudden heatwave.One of the major advantages that this hotel offers is its strategic location, just a few yards from the Russell Square tube station. Trust me, you can't get any better this!The only downside was the Full English Breakfast which was pretty basic. For vegetarians, the choice is rather limited. There's no cheddar cheese, yogurt, cottage cheese or vegetable patties. However, there's unlimited supply of coffee, tea, orange juice, jam, baked beans, eggs, bread rolls, brown and white bread and cereals. In conclusion, this hotel is ideal for budget travelers who don't want to risk shabby or rundown hotels, or compromise on the location. I would definitely stay there again if I can't find a four star hotel at a reasonable price.	
Jul 6 2009	Real Value for Money in a great location	I stayed at this hotel for a weekend away and could not fault the place, rooms were clean, hotel is in a great location and had a great hotel bar that did not charge the earth for drink, would certainly go back if I travelled to London again.	
Jun 16 2009 	well worth the money	after staying at the president next door this was very much nicer.the staff was very friendly and helpfulthe room was very large had a double sink bath. flat screen tv and quite we were on the 6th floor.the only draw back was the safety deposit box it is only open from 9am to 6pm a bit much if you have to go to shows. should update and have available in rooms.all in all well worth extra £30.00 per night	
Jun 9 2009 	Very friendly	My best friend wanted to celebrate her 18th in style, so me, her and our other two friends went to London to go shopping, see a show and Madame Tussauds.This break was booked through Superbreaks.When we arrived at the hotel, we were welcomed by friendly staff.We went up to our rooms and were really pleased with how lovely they were - clean and tidy.Before going to our show, we went to the hotel restaurant for dinner.It was a bit of a struggle to find it - there was a lounge enterance before it.When we got into the restaurant, we were seated to our table and asked to order.We ordered our food and asked for a spirits menu. The waiter got us one.When we tried to order the drinks, the other waited looked really confused and told us we couldn't order off the menu.After a cafuffle with the drinks, we finally went and picked our food from the cavery.When seated, the salmon I ordered was really nice, but the vegetables and hollandaise sauce were cold.This was the only complaint.[Also, beware that the maids may come into your room before you've left]The hotel was in walking distance of tube stations, shops, restaurants and banks.Just down the road, there is a Subway and Pizza Hut.We went to see Grease at Piccadilly Theatre, which we got a taxi to.It was quite a short journey to the Theatre but traffic made it a bit longer.The next morning, we went down for breakfast.There were many choices of food, including a buffet style English breakfast, cereals, toast and bread rolls.Plus, a wide selection of drinks - including juices, coffee and tea.Inside the hotel, there is a bank and a lovely little gift shop.They sell things like biscuits, London key-rings, t-shirts, magnets, magazines, chocolate, mini clocks, etc.I would highly recommend this hotel, because it is very friendly, clean, and was really nice to stay in.	
May 31 2009 	TERRIBLE and incompetent staff that are unable to deal with complaints	I stayed at this hotel for a 2 night stay on a London city trip.When I wanted to take a shower in the bath... I discovered BLACK MOLD in the top corners of the bath.This was late at night, so I reported it in the morning and was told we will take care of it.When I cam back to the hotel in the evening nothing had happened and the night porter could not do anything.I reported it again in the morning (Asked for a manager, got a comment card) and was told &quot;There is nothing we can do now as you are leaving today&quot;A few weeks later I recieved a letter from the hotel stating that they were sorry and were gonna change the mastic in the bath. They did not offer me any compensation or anything..... This hotel destroyed my brithday trip. I sent them the photos I took and have not heard a single word since.I have reprted the hotel to the health authorities as well as this is too disgusting for words....I will never stay at this hotel ever again	
May 15 2009 	Bruised sore humilited and glad to GO HOME!	We asked the hotels ability to help with our disabilties. They assured us they could and we stayed 12 May in room 548.The room was 200 feet from the lift and barely big enough for a wheelchair. Later that night when I fell the second time (I fall once a year!), we noticed the help cord was unreachable.The coffee was good at breakfast....that was nice...because we were exhausted!!	
May 11 2009 	excellant location	we arrived at the hotel for a short weekend trip and were delighted with the wonderfully quick check-in untill we were handed our room key which i kid you not was actually a key(in this day and age). we called it &quot;The Wand&quot; as it was attached to a long metal pole.when we arrived in the room i wanted to take a shower before we headed out only to find that the shower was not actually working. We had to firstly phone down to reception who the phoned the plumber. eventually we got the shower to work. the next night we decided to stay in a watch a spot of tv but to our dismay it was also not working. i also aquired an injury while staying there so i went down to reception for a plaster only to be told that my injury was not worthy of a plaster. overall the hotel was in an excellent location.	
Apr 28 2009 	Old fashioned	This hotel was booked for me by my company, I would never book it for myself in future. Check-in was very smooth, however, you have to check in and then go to the concierge to get your key and it is actually a key, which you have to hand in if you leave the hotel. It's on a really long metal pole. My room had a single bed, which was incredibly soft and two very thin pillows. There was little or no sound proofing. I had no complaints about cleanliness, except that everything, except the bathroom, was very dated and worn. The bathroom itself appeared new, but had a mixer tap over the bath, instead of a proper shower. The mixer tap hadn't been connected properly as was came through the seal. Didn't try any of the restaurants so can't comment on those. Check out was also quite speedy.	
Apr 27 2009 	Clean quiet and central	We were moved to this hotel after a couple of sleepless nights in another. It was a lovely room, cosy and secure. It was cheap to leave my bags for the day after checking out.	
Apr 22 2009 	Location is fantastic	I arrived at the hotel at 10 am in order to hand in my luggage until checkin time at 3 pm. But the nice lady behind the reception told me my room was ready if I wanted to use it. Very nice indeed.I got a single room on the 7th floor. It appeared to be newly renovated. Very nice and clean allthough a bit on the small side. 15&quot; LCD TV with about 15 channels. The bathroom was very nice but you only get one large towel. I asked the maid for a second one which I got but the next day it was back to one towel. Amendments was two small soaps and a small bottle of shower/shampoo. There was no safe in the room but there was a safe in the reception area which I did not use. There is some noise from the street as it is a busy road that the hotel is situated on.Cleaning is done very early. I was surprised when the maid knocked om my door at 8 am to clean the room. However the cleaning is thorough and the room was cleaned every day.Breakfast was actually ok. It was not world class cuisine but it was freshly made. One annoying thing though is that you have to wait for the waiter to serve you coffee/tea. It may take a while to get a refill.The staff at the reception area was nice and polite. You hand in the key to the recpetion whenever leaving the hotel (the key is actually attached to a long metal pole so you cannot bear it around London).The location of the hotel is the best thing. It takes less than 20 minutes to walk to Covent Garden ot Oxford Street. Also the front of the hotel is facing a small park which is very nice.I would definitely go back to stay at this hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	Absolutely Grim!!!!!!!!!	I stayed here as part of a business trip as it was close to my location. The pictures looked noce on the internet and it wasn't too pricey ( no wonder!!!!).I had a single room booked but insisted that I upgrade to a double as the room was like a cell!The room they gave me overlooked the road and was incredibly noisy, there is no double glazing so you hear everything. They changed my room for me which was appreciated, to the back of the hotel.Being a female lone I did not want to eat in their restaurant ( which is situated in the neighbouring hotel), so I opted for room service. The room service menu was awful!I ordered sirloin steak and when it was delivered I was told I had to pay cash for it the (I didn't have cash on me ). The waiter said he would have to take it away and speak to his manager. The meal was returned to me and I was able to sign for it. I asked for a pepper sauce but was told they didn't do this. The meal was cold and the steak was absolutley NOT sirloin. It was also a double piece of meat stacked on top of each other that had obviously been cooked together!The room was dated and grim and I couldn't wait to get out!!!!	
Apr 18 2009 	Imperial? I don’t think so!	Imperial? I don’t think so! Such a disappointing hotel. The actual room wasn’t awful, it did at least seem clean. But there were so many other things wrong, that it all added up.Where to start, well how about check-in. The hotel is clearly used to having large groups staying, so if you are a family or couple checking in you get the same officious processing. No one behind the desk seemed to want to actually welcome guests, just deal with them. You have to fill out a form, with exactly the same information that you supplied when you booked online.As I say, the hotel room itself wasn’t too bad. However the shower holder was broken, so you could only really have a bath. The towels were the size of handtowels and some were well past their best. The TV is tiny and barely visable from the bed, also they have about 8 channels, (1 to 5, plus BBC World and a couple of other channels). Why do hotels not offer Freeview or FreeSat, which would give so much more choice?There is supposed to be a wireless network throughout the hotel. I had hoped to do some work while staying, so booted up my laptop to pick up my emails. Sadly the service wasn’t working. I phoned reception, who told me they couldn’t guarantee it would work in rooms, but that it would work in reception. Strangely when I tried in reception the service still didn’t work, and this time the story changed to ‘We’ve been having a few problems today.’ When I asked whether someone could have a look at the system, I got ‘Oh I don’t know anything about computers and the person who deals with this has gone home’, surprising bearing in mind it was 4pm, not midnight.Breakfast was dreadful. The cooked breakfast was far from nice, with cheapest ingredients – avoid the sausages! The tea that we were served, was the colour of coffee and tasted worse.All of the above was pretty awful, but the windows were the final straw. We were on the seventh floor and with the windows firmly closed we could hear the conversations of people in the park outside and sirens reverberated around the room. There was no balcony on the rooms, which is no problem, however the windows open wide, meaning even the largest hotel customer could easily fit through. There was no safety catches to stop windows from opening too far, which is particularly scary with small children. I would love to see the risk assessment that has been written for that, as I would have thought inspections should have picked that up and forced the installation of safety catches.This hotel very definitely doesn’t offer a Quiet Night Guarantee and if sleep or comfort is part of your planned visit to London, I wouldn’t choose this hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	Friendly Well Run Hotel In Good Location	Stayed at the Imperial in March 09 and find it difficult to think of any serious faults. All staff were friendly and helpful, especially the porters who deal with keys which must be handed in whenever going out. Our twin room was spacious and appeared to have been recently refurbished; the large bathroom was well fitted out and had twin hand basins, however the shower head had a mind of its own when turned to normal pressure. We managed by running the shower at lowish pressure to encourage the shower head to stop spraying the ceiling and walls.Bedding consisted of crisp white sheets with smart, clean bed coverings. Carpets and curtains were clean and looked fairly new, the view from the room just consisted of the other three sides of a quadrangle of hotel buildings, which meant that we were not bothered by any noise. My sister had stayed at the hotel a few weeks before in one the rooms overlooking Russell Square and said she had not been too bothered by noise and certainly enjoyed the view.We picked the wrong time for breakfast on our first morning, as a large party of guests who had been attending a conference the evening before all arrived for breakfast at the same time. After twenty minutes the queue soon cleared and guests arriving later had no queuing problems at all. Food was freshly cooked and plentiful and on our second morning no queues were encountered. Breakfast staff were helpful and efficient with coffee and tea being dispensed as soon as we were allocated a table. My request for decaf coffee was quickly dealt with.As part of our package, dinner was included on our first evening, with choices of restaurants within the various hotels owned by this group. We decided to dine in the restaurant of the adjoining President hotel, which was reached by simply walking through the coffee shop and into the bar and reception of the President. We chose the carvery meal which offered a choice of three meats served by the chef, followed by a good choice of vegetables. The all inclusive menu included a choice of starters and an extremely tempting choice of deserts.We intend making a repeat visit to London quite soon and probably won’t consider staying anywhere other than the Imperial, it offered us everything we needed for our short stay and was a welcoming and restful place to return to after a long day spent sightseeing. The location was superb, within walking distance of many attractions including the British Museum &amp; Covent Garden. Bus stops are very close by with buses every few minutes taking you to Holborn, and Aldwych where you can transfer to buses going East and to the West End. Holborn tube station is very close by. This hotel suited us perfectly and came as part of a competitively priced package, although the full price “rack rate” seemed a bit excessive when compared to the all inclusive deal which included our rail travel.	
Mar 11 2009 	great position	i have been in this hotel many times... and i can say its value for money... remember its in the center of london where hotels are presumed to be very costly... but in this case it wasnt.. its position is great its walking distance to the shopping center and when i say walking distance i mean 20 mins walk max. its very close the the underground railway station about 5 mins walk.. its an ideal hotel if you to go london for shopping.	
Mar 8 2009 	Not up to standard	Was booked into this hotel due to 2-day course in London. Sadly, all the negative comments and very few of the positive comments from previous reviews were evident.POSITIVEHmmmmm …. Struggling here! I suppose, the location could be a good and bad thing (see below). 2 mins walk from Russell Square station and overlooking the square.NEGATIVEThe location: due to Russell Square being very noisy, especially at night/evening. Paper thin glass does nothing to block the noise.The room: Apparently refurbished (not that you would know!). Tiny room, small tv, separate toilet (no ventilation) and extremely small and uncomfortable beds …. and not exactly the prettiest rooms either. Also, no keycard entry so you get a Yale key on a long metal keyfob.The service: Very slow (couldn’t find my booking) and no real effort to give a good room or respond to requests.The breakfast: Very basic, small/poor choice, cold and dismissive staff!Would not stay in this hotel again, much, much better value hotels in London for this price. The hotel would have been passable 15 years ago but by today’s standards and competition, it really isn’t good enough.	
Mar 8 2009 	Ideal central location	We stayed for 3 nights on a theatre break / sightseeing visit , our first for many years. Hotel location was excellent for travelling around and the hotel was clean and tidy if a little lacking in facilities - no bar - limited dining facilities. Staff were very friendly and helpful and overall it was an ideal place to rest after a busy day sightseeing	
Feb 20 2009 	Ok..Needs modernising	This is a cheap,basic hotel in desperate need of refurbishment and remodernisation. The rooms were clean but the bedlinen in the room was dated,cheap and itchy. We'd booked well in advance and requested a double bed at the time of booking but we were mortified to find that we'd been put in twin beds. We pushed the beds together to solve this issue but the only problem with this is that in the middle of the night you can sometimes slide between the two beds. When we arrived at the hotel the radiators in the bedroom had been turned onto a full blast temperature and so it was like being in a sauna so we had to open the windows to get some air however we couldnt sleep at night because room was so noisy as windows are only single glazed and the traffic outside was constant all throughout the night pretty much.The bathroom was tidy and clean however the shower would not stay at a regulated temperature so you had to continually adjust the temperature settings to advoid either being frozen or scalded. The towels were tiny and the tea and coffee facilities were laughable. The Staff seemed to all be foreign,the front desk staff were surly and grumpy and not very welcoming however the waiters were helpful and poliite when we went down to breakfast in the morning. Talking of breakfast - the food was ok, a bit like school dinners but edible. The orange juice was blatently watered down which was disappointing and the tea was gray but wasnt earl gray - work that one out! The whole handing the key to the porter every time you wanted to leave the hotel (due to keys being so large) was a pain. The decor of the hotel is dire - it seriously needs sprucing up as there is so much potential to be an amazing hotel...On the plus side the location is good!!	
Dec 13 2008 	Regin Lagaac Thomas and Gywn in Imperial Hotel London	Very convenient place to stay, near underground station. Bountiful breakfast and staffs are hospitable. Free wifi access. My only negative comment: I can hear the noise outside the hotel, the window is not soundproff....	
Dec 13 2008 	better than I expected	This hotel was booked for me by a company I was doing some work for. When I saw the price -- £76 per night, with breakfast -- I feared the worst: the hotel is very central, and you can easily pay two or three times that amount in central London, and still not get a very good experience.I was pleasantly surprised. The place was clean and tidy, the staff helpful, and the breakfast entirely adequate. The bed was ok, though I did roll off, and onto the floor, when I got up to cancel my alarm clock! Yes, the style is dated. Yes, the rooms overlooking Russell Square are apparently very noisy (ask for a room at the back instead). Yes, the rooms are not large. No, I wouldn't be particularly comfortable leaving valuables in my room: the room lock system, with keys handed to the porter every time you go out, is, er. rather dated. There's a sign saying you need to present card/id every time you ask for your key, but they didn't check. There is a bolt on the inside of the door -- best to remember to use it when you're asleep.If you want a central location to lay your head, then by London standards this is good value for money. A sign in reception gave the standard room prices as £76 for single; £102 for a double. Don't pay more than that!	
Nov 25 2008 	Good Location	Stayed in this Hotel in July, staff were very friendly and more than willing to give you directions to tourist sites.Good location within walking distance and also near the tube!!	
Nov 16 2008 	"does exactly what is says on the tin"	this hotel is a reflection of its price range....... average.the downstairs and common areas are serviceable clean and comfortable.the staff are friendly, welcoming and very helpfullmy husband and i stayed here for 3 nights with our infant daughter. the room was small and has an unusual floorplan, the bath and washhand baisin are in one small room with a separate toilet opposite. the main part of the room was neat, clean and compact but with large fitted wardrobes one of which was big enough to accommadate a folded buggy which was great to clear up floor space. our room looked out over russell square and a busy road the windows are very old ?1970's and alot of traffic noise came into the room but didn't actually keep any of us awake it just seemed to be a constant hum the breakfast was of simular standard not particularly good not particularly bad. the dining room is of a large size and can get very busy at times but staff do their best to move things along as quickly as they can.will i stay here again? not really but for a short budget stay in central location it is a clean, comfortable hotel.	
Nov 10 2008	Pretty Good Stay.	I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in June 2008 during my London/Paris contiki tour. The hotel is centrally located, the breakfast buffet was excellent and for an older hotel the rooms were clean. The doors to the rooms are very thick, so you can hear almost everybody coming and going. The keys to the room have to be left at the front desk due to the size of keys. I would recommend locking up your belongings to be on the safe side.	
Nov 9 2008	Better than I thought...clean!	I stayed one night at the Imperial Hotel in London in October 2008 as part of my Contiki tour. I was pleasantly surprised that I could check in early (around 8:30 a.m.).The staff was kind and courteous. The room itself was small (I had booked a single on the trip), but clean. Really for one night that's all I could ask for. My room faced the inner courtyard so I got a great night's sleep. I had heard horror stories about the hotel, but once again was pleasantly surprised. The keys were....well kinda awkward to carry in your bag since they were attached to a big metal rod. Overall, I had no complaints.	
Nov 4 2008 	Needs a re vamp!	We booked this hotel simply because of the price and close location to the West End! The hotel was good value, but we did have to change rooms after our first night. From the outside the hotel looks rather dated and needs a good lick of paint. The area isn't too bad, plenty of little shops and restaurants within walking distance. We sampled the bar food - very rude staff by the way! Well the people who served us our food weren't polite at all. Food was a little overpriced but okay, just shame about the service. Breakfast wasn't too bad, though we chose to eat out the following morning. The rooms hotel, but in general the hotel just needs updating and it would be fine! Good Value though - Joseph and Hiarspray shows were great!	
Oct 26 2008 	London's best value	We have just stayed at this Hotel and cannot rate it highly enough. It was our Golden wedding and they did upgrade us when they received an order for champagne from our daughter. For £102 per night, there is a very adequate newly refurbished twin room with breakfast. Reception was fast and efficient. Unlike most hotels we were checked in at 1p.m. Breakfast has plenty of variety. There is a Bar with food available all day. A pleasant large lounge on the first floor. Newspapers were free. For London, for situation and value I do not think you can beat this hotel.	
Sep 23 2008 	Successful Hen Party	We stayed at the Imperial Hotel Russell Square for my daughters Hen Party. We had five rooms all next to each other at a very reasonable cost. The rooms were surprisingly very nice and the breakfast was excellent. The staff could not have been more helpful. I had prepaid because it was classed at a group booking and one of our party dropped out at the last minute due to illness therefore we reduced down to four rooms. I phoned the hotel just two days before explaining the problem and they immediately offered a refund on the room which I certainly was not expecing. We also had to leave a package behind the reception for somebody to pick up as she could not get it before we went home and the staff were extremely helpful and our friend picked up the package with no problem at all. When I booked this hotel I was a little dubious as it did have mixed reviews. All in all I would definetely recommend this hotel for cleanliness, location, helpfullness of staff. It made our stay extremely enjoyable.	
Sep 14 2008 	Imperial was just OK!!!	Stayed here for one night on business on the 7th September 2008. Hotel location is good for travelling around london with the Picadilly line tube round the corner. You basically get what you pay for which is an old hotel that has seen better days. The hotel needs a major overhaul. The staff however were great and the breakfast looked worse than what it was. All in all i would stay here again if i needed to be near a picadilly line tube. Just remember you are getting exactly what you pay for so dont expect the ritz.	
Sep 14 2008 	what is everyone moaning about???	Just returned from a 2 night stay and I can quite easily say that I have no complaints what so ever.Having read so many bad reports I now wonder if these people were staying in the same hotel as I was!We had a lovely room on the 4th floor over looking the Russell square gardens, yes there was traffic noise but you have to remember you are in the centre of London and cant escape traffic noise where ever you go!Hotel is in a good position. Next to tube station and just around the corner from the British Museum. About 10-15 min walk from Oxford street. You can easily reach all major attractions by foot.Our room was a good size twin clean and modern. Comftable clean beds and the bathroom was spotless and a nice LCD flat screen t.v. All in all this has everything you would expect from a 3 star hotel.If you are are looking for luxury, room service gym and swimming pool then dont stay here. Go 4 star and pay 3 times the price. At the end of the day, you don't come to London to spent all day and night in the hotel, you would be aswell staying at home!!	
Aug 25 2008	The worst hotel I have ever experienced	I recently stayed at the Imperial Hotel and am now trying to collect my thoughts concerning the utterly abyssmal condition of this establishment. I booked the room through British Airways - as part of a &quot;2 free nights in London Promotion&quot; (free means the 2 nights only cost $180 when all was said and done). I believed I could trust the hotel's relationship with British Airways - and that the hotel would be at the very least clean and well run. I was mistaken.The room was absolutly filthy with a stained and smelly bedspread, wallpaper and carpet. There is no airconditioning in the entire hotel - it was 85+ degrees outside, and the radiator in the room was &quot;on&quot; (its only setting), so it was sweltering in the room. There is no clock, no radio - and a small very small TV which gets only 2 channels. The room itself was less than 8 feet wide - and the bed is an ancient, tiny twin bed that appeared (and felt) to have been there since the hotel opened - which must have occurred at some point during the ugliest &quot;modern&quot; 60's or 70's architecture period. The pillows are made of the thinnest foam, and the sheets are threadbare and have the consistency of sandpaper.The &quot;courtyard&quot; of the hotel (my window looked out on it) is a parking lot shared by the hotel and a rundown, noisy, seedy casino. The hotel is located in a wonderful spot - right on Russell Square, around the corner from the British Museum - and next to the Russell Square Tube stop on the Picadilly Line - but is one of the few remaining hotels that gave London such a bad repuatation for accomodations that has only recently started to lift. The best thing to do would be - implode the buidling (and its adjacent &quot;sister&quot; properties including the Royal National Hotel) and start again with new building. Shame on British Airways for partnering with this dreadful place.I left the hotel after one sleepless night and paid full price at a very nice small hotel near Marble Arch for the balance of my time in London. The Imperial refused to issue me any credit or refund. STAY AWAY!	
Jul 29 2008 	nice location	Having spend seven nights and days in the Imperial in Russell Square, I can tell : avoid room 547 at all costs!! Its toilet is in a separate room without any ventilation!!! Overall the hotel is in a good location ,close to a sub and bus station and the British Museum. Cleanness of the room was adequate (bathroom's curtain was stinking),but the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.In the morning don't expect nothing else,but a very British breakfast with lousy coffee. A free Wifi service in all the Hotel's areas is a welcome feature.	
Jul 28 2008 	Loud but Budgeted..	The Imperial Hotel located at Russell Square, was a very centrally located hotel.. not bad for a budget hotel. We went to the hotel in the winters, it was pretty loud, the sirens and people talking was loud.... you could not really sleep through it. The view was ok, as we had asked for a view that showed us the garden opposite the hotel, not bad for a hotel centrally located. The breakfast was the same everyday, but cold, but the variety was not at all bad... just that the enviroment was not really up the the standard. The lobby area was pretty big.. but our first impression was spoiled completely as the staff was pretty rude to us, as we were checking in the hotel. Over the coming days, the staff improved... it reached the 2-3 star hotel standards. The rooms are pretty not really equipt, the elevator is also pretty small, holds only a certain limit. I wouldn't recommed this hotel for Families with Young Children, and Teenagers, nor for couples.. only for budget travellers.	
Jul 27 2008	Robbed at the Imperial Hotel !!	Warning !! Don't stay at the Imperial Hotel London. Left the room locked at 10am for a day shopping in central London. Returned around 4pm to find over a thousand pounds worth of camera &amp; music equipment stolen from the room. Tried to report the theft to the hotel management but got repeatedly fobbed off with a form to fill in by the Porter. Not happy as during the time we'd been out, the room had been opened by hotel staff to allow the room to be cleaned but the hotel wouldn't take any responsibility. How's that work ?? Anyway before you ask there’s no safe in the room. PS: breakfast was great &amp; location ideal for central London.	
Jul 24 2008 	Sad	It is with a heavy heart I write this review. We have stayed at the Imperial quite a lot of times now and indeed I have recomended it on trip advisor numerous times as a clean, decent central place to stay. This time we were given a room on the 9th floor with fantastic views, the eye, telecom tower, russel square so as it was my 50th I was pleased.the room was refurbished, nice tv, bathroom everything great.  We were showered and going out when I couldnt find my Estee Lauder eye shadow set, not a small item, bigger than a mobile phone but nowhere to be found, instinctively I looked for my diamond ring opened the box...gone. Went down to reception asked to see the manager but he wasnt aboutthe young man came back and said he would take my details which I gave him, he phoned the housekeeper who wasnt there, spoke to someone and said nothing had been handed in and that was that sort of thing, The next day I was out of my shocked state went to reception again saw a more experienced member of staff who informed me that I needed to fill in a form etc. This done I decided to go to the police and report it to them. They were nice asked if door had been forced, it had not but I said that yes I should have hid the ring away, but makeup!!!! where does it end. Being on the 9th floor apart from the maids and other guests there isnt a lot of passers by. The hotelstate they &quot;cannot normally be responsible forany guests possessions not positioned in accordance with the requested instruction&quot; by this I think they mean they have a safety deposit box at reception open between 9 and 6.30. So not much use if your out during this time. So if you go to the Imperial dont leave any stuff of worth about I wish I hadnt.	
Jul 21 2008 	So Loud!	I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in London for only one night (thankfully) in early July. The location is pretty good, and the rooms were decent enough. They were small, but clean and comfortable enough. Upon checking in, the front desk staff was pleasant and since my friend and I had arrived before check in time, we were allowed to check our bags in so we could go and explore the city without having to worry about them. Also, the keys are on giant keychains, but try and carry them with you rather than leave them at the front desk if you can (i.e. bring a giant purse with you).If you do plan on staying at this hotel or are assigned to stay here through a tour (as I was), I would definitely try and request a room that does not face the main street. At night, if your window looks out onto the main street it is incredibly loud. There's a bar right downstairs, or next to the hotel, that blasts music at night. Between the music, honking cars, traffic, and drunk people walking down the street, I'm honestly shocked that I was able to sleep at all. The fact that I had been traveling for nearly 24 hours, was jet-lagged and exhausted, and wearing ear plugs probably helped me get some sleep. My friend and I are both pretty good sleepers, but the noise was honestly astounding. I don't think I would ever stay at this hotel again unless I didn't plan on sleeping.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great refurbishment great price great location	I recently came back from a week in London. I have stayed at the Imperial before, but this time it was different. They have refurbished the rooms, and they are great. Everything from the pint to the wallpaper, carpeting, drapes, bedding and furniture have been replaced. The bathrooms were gutted and everything there was also replaced. As usual the staff was professional and always helpful. The price is right. One of the best things about staying at the Imperial is its closeness to the sights. You can walk to most of the major sights, saving you money. I will stay there again on my next trip.LMB	
Jun 1 2008 	Central but basic	A good location and you pay for this. I paid £76 per night for three nights. The room was simple but OK.Wireless internet access in the lobby only.There is a bar - which serves sandwiches.There was an offer of a free meal if you booked two consecutive nights. I booked for three nights but could only have my free meal on the first night and I was arriving too late. The way round it was to book a single night and then two nights. Daft. The meal options were also basic.	
May 16 2008 	Good enough but not great	I booked this reservation through my airline, and I read all of the reviews. I am staying on the 5th floor. I can detect Wi-fi's in the hotel, but they don't work. The only wifi that does work is in the lobby so I have to come down. I think it's from another hotel, because it's called &quot;President Hotel,&quot; and connects at 11mbps. The room is very basic. One 12&quot; LCD tv with an over the air connection (no cable) No Air conditioning (you can open the window) If you aren't used to living in a city this is will annoy you a lot). There is a bathroom in the room but it is seperated into 2 different rooms. There is a saftey deposit box room. It is open 9:00am-6:30pm daily, with a 20pound deposit, and a 50pence/day fee. It is a good base to clean up and rest if you are in town for a couple of days, and the beds are nice and soft. The key thing is annoying. You get an actual key attached to a 12&quot; aluminum rod it's annoying but functional.	
Apr 23 2008 	time for a revamp	Well we can start with the positves,when we arrived seemed quite positive good location had great facilities and all these seemed modern and pleasent including a nice sports bar and a modern wine bar,then it came entering the room and it was like going into a time warp.It must have been at least 20 years since they were re-furbished they seemed un-clean the television was tiny and just wasnt a nice place to be.This was when we felt it was time to use some of the excellent facilities downstairs,we used the computers downstairs to find another hotel local which was in the same price range,we checked out and spent our rest of our stay in london at hotel russel	
Apr 14 2008 	Nice hotel given the price!	I have just come back from a weekend stay at the Imperial Hotel in Russell Square.We paid £51pp including breakfast and the hotel was quite nice bearing mind the good location and price. Even though the hotel looked quite dated, the rooms had all been nicely decorated and the bathrooms were all new.The breakfast was plain and simple, hot english &amp; cereals were provided, however there was no continental such as a pastry or a yogurt available. The toast was also put under the hotplate which made is very chewy!The tube from marylebone;- bakerloo line to piccadilly then the piccadilly line to Russell square (tho russell square has 175 steps to the exit, therefore please be advised that the way out is via a lift only (same as covent garden). from the tube station the hotel is literally 5 min walk away. Turn left, the first left down a little road (has a very nice pub, i would recommend), then across the road stands the president hotel. The imperial is the sister hotel the other side and can be accessed through the president.There is also a nice bar in the hotel.	
Apr 7 2008 	Average British hotel?	The whole experience was a bit bizarre. As we arrived, there must have been 10 people standing behind the counter. Still, only one of them could handle our check-in, as others weren't allowed to handle cash. It took bloody long time, especially to get our change. Staff was giggly and disorganised and it felt a bit rude towards us. We got our key, attached to a harrypotterish wand - only one key for the whole room! Like a couple wouldn't have separate schedules?!We had a room on the 9th floor, so view was fabulous - except the window was SO dirty. Noise from the street was pretty bad, but we got used to it quite quickly. The radiators seemed to have two positions, on or off. With the rag-like blanket as a cover, we either froze our asses off or bathed in sweat. The double bed was far too narrow, that sized beds are usually found in single rooms! There was a new flat screen tv, but all the channels didn't have a good reception. The water kettle was..old and worn. I couldn't imagine drinking anything coming out of that pan. There were only two glasses in the room and it would have been great if they had been changed. We had to ask for a bin (not in the room at arrival) and extra towels, and they were delivered straight away! The bathroom was freezing cold with no heating. So, we took hot showers to heat it up a bit in the morning, but as there was no ventilation either, is was left foggy and wet for a looong time. Moisture condensated to the ceiling, luckily it didn't rain down.. Some of the soap bottles provided looked a bit suspicious, soapy all over with too running contents. There was no mini bar in the room, but luckily there were shops nearby. The room was a bit worn, but quite alright. A spacious closet but only 3 coat hangers. Bathroom was recently refurbished - actually, we asked for such room. Ask and you shall receive and if you don't, demand. The breakfast..well, it was English. Eggs done in several ways, toast and beans. No chance for glutein-free bread though. So, it was rice crispies and slices of grapefruit. &quot;Coffee&quot; was..british. Service in the breakfast room was great, though. As an athmosphere it was a really noisy one. One of the elevators was out of use and another one skipped a few floors.. Complimentary papers you really had to find. Advertising in the elevators was from 2006 and there could have been a better selection of brochures. During one of the nights there was a fire alarm and it went off three times. Luckily it was a false alarm, but no information was given unless you asked from the right person. We were also a bit alarmed with the fact that while in London, there were no CCTV in sight inside the premises. At least we didn't spot a single camera anywhere. Made us feel a bit insecure, especially with the swinging 'fire' doors.Great location, though, but I'll try something else next time.	
Apr 1 2008 	Good accommodation	We wanted to see the Terracotta Warriors and the King Tut exhibitions on a specific date and the only way was via Superbreak who offered this hotel. I am slightly disabled so requested a disabled room. The room allocated was quiet, which was great; the bathroom really needed some attention. The toilet seat was broken and the door didn't work very well. There are many things I could suggest to make it easier for a disabled person and have left a message for ‘the management’ regarding this but it was ok. The room seemed newly refurbished and the bed was new.. too hard for me but more than adequate for most people. The room wasnt huge but certainly acceptable. The size of the bed was also generous, queen I think. The tv with many stations was good too.Whilst the hotel had many great features, the free newspaper, the reception staff, the cleaning staff and the reception area itself which is very ritzy.. we were very unimpressed by the lack of a bar, coffee area, restaurant or snack area usually found in 3 star hotels. There is a place to eat which is attached to the hotel but not part of it but this was quite basic food. Ok there are places to eat everywhere in London so this wasn’t a problem but sometimes when you are tired with a capital K after wondering about the capital you just want to veg out and stay in for something easy.Breakfast was good. Very good. All you could want from a full English and other things too.. the breakfast staff were also very attentive indeed.Overall this was a good, basic hotel with many qualities, the remaining thought is that though it wasn’t a great hotel in the usual sense of the number of services provided, it compensated with good bedrooms and breakfasts.	
Mar 30 2008 	Truth in Advertising	I booked a triple for 3 nights, and left after one! The room was stuffy, uncomfortable &amp; dirty. Very out-dated. It looked more like a &quot;no-tell motel&quot;, than what it was hyped up to be. 1st clue should have been the 14 pictures, that were really around 5, they were just repeated.	
Mar 29 2008	Very Pleased	I stayed six nights at this hotel in early March. I was very please with the serve, the room, the location and the area in general. The rooms were biger than I expected and kept clean each day. Staff were friendly and accommodating. The Russell Square tube station is only a block away. The neighborhood felt very safe. There is internet access in the adjoining President Hotel (owned by the same company) or you can request a room with connection service.	
Mar 13 2008 	no problems	stayed for 2 nights booked with &quot;superbreak&quot;.check in was effecient.room was on 9th floor overlooking the square,practically noiseless with the windows closed.spotlessly clean and dust free,rad was belting out heat.Breakfast was included .perfectly edibleand lots of choice.very handy for British museum ,and the brunswick centre across the road from the tube has lots of decent places to eat.Iwould happily stay there again.	
Feb 24 2008	Worst Experience Ever!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	My friend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in Mid August 2007 before catching our Contiki Tour. This was the hotel that our tour provided for us (I think many of the Contiki Tours start in London and have their tour guests stay at this hotel or one of its sister hotels nearby). Everything was okay at check in. One thing that was a little sketchy was that the keys are on huge key chains so, they want you to leave your key at the hotel every time you leave...as the key will definitely not fit in your pocket or a normal sized purse. Having worked at many hotels in San Diego, CA, I felt a little unsafe having a key that you had to drop off at the front desk every time you left the building. But, after all, we are in a different country so maybe they do things differently here. So, like everyone else, before going out on the town, we left our key with the front desk. Our first night went well but the second was a nightmare! We went out on the town even though we were supposed to get up at 5am to catch our tour buss. Upon returning to our hotel at 2am, we went to the front desk to pick up our key from the night shift person. The night shift person was not there...we figured maybe he was in the restroom, etc....so, we reached over the counter and picked up our key. We went up to our room and opened the door to find THE NIGHT SHIFT PERSON GOING THROUGH OUR PERSONAL STUFF WITH MY WALLET, THAT I HAD LOCKED IN MY BAG BEFORE LEAVING, IN HIS HANDS!!! We were completely confused and caught off guard. Luckily we walked in at just the right time so he hadn't had enough time to take anything. After we realized that he was the night shift person and not some random guest at the hotel. We kept him in the room and made sure he had not taken anything. When we asked him what he was doing he responded &quot;I got a report that there were drugs in the bags in room 708(our room).&quot; This statement was totally bogus and made no sense to me because in the states it is illegal to go to someone’s room and go through their things without having a warrant and police escort. If it hadn't been 2am and we didn't have to get up in a few hours to catch our bus, I would have definitely called the police. But, we figured we needed our sleep a little more than placing a report that could take at least a few hours. In the morning when checking out, we asked to speak to the manager to tell him what happened. My thoughts were &quot;this guy is going to get fired...the manager is going to be so thankful that we told him what happened…etc. But, when the &quot;Manager&quot; came out and we told him our story he said, &quot;The night shift employee already reported this to me. He had to check your bags for security purposes.&quot; I was SHOCKED!!!! I could not believe my ears. The night shift person and the manager were both the same nationality, probably related, and in on this kind of scheme together!!! Lesson learned: Do not leave any important docs(passport especially), money, or other valuables in your rooms when you are traveling...even if they are locked up!!! Always carry them with you in your money belt!! We are soooo lucky that we got back just in time and took our key from behind the desk without waiting for this guy to come back from stealing our stuff to give us our key! Please do not stay at this hotel or the other hotels that are owned and managed by the same chain. Check out there website with a list of other hotels NOT to stay at!!! http://www.imperialhotels.co.uk/imperial1_hotel.aspx	
Feb 13 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised!	I booked this hotel very last minute, actually the day before I flew into London so I didn't have very high expectations. I stayed for 6 nights. Once I got there, the front desk staff were great, I had no probems checking alot earlier then normal check-in times. The location was perfect, very close to Russell Sq. tube station, a great pub (Friend at Hand) across the street and lots of shops and resturaunts around the block! I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 8 2008 	Dusty room	ok, im reading all these reviews that suggest this place is fabulous...but really, not so great. carpet had not been vacuumed. Ever! Top bed quilt v dusty. Bathroom was clean though. The room key was attached to a long metal rod that you had to return to reception each time you left the hotel....pretty annoying standing to wait for it back each time. Easy to get to from tube. Would pay a little extra next time for a nicer place.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good location	I stayed at the Imperial in January for a business trip. Upon arrival,i was upgraded to a double room for the same price.The double rooms are very spacious, nice flat screen tv, phone,very clean rooms.The bathroom had double sinks with granit countertops, soap and shampoo is provided by the hotel.The hotel is very big, but its never an issue.Internet access is available with a wireless-b network in the autorium for free, i stayed on the 5th floor. Wireless-g network is available on the 4th and 5th floor for free.So if you need a fast internet network, i would suggest to stay on the 4th or 5th floor, where you can have a g network.Breakfast had a big variety of foods, lots of egg product choices.Fresh orange and grape juices, cereals, toast, bagel, beans, etc...The service at the breakfast area is also very nice. You never sit for long without coffee or tea freshly served.I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 18 2007 	good value	we stayed in the imperial for one night in December 2007. the hotel is located on russell square and is a short walk to the russel square tube station and is also very close to the british museum. the hotel itself is quite big. the rooms very clean and seemed to be well kept. there was a flat screen tv, tea/coffee, hairdryer ets, all the usual from a three star hotel. when we checked in i heard other guests ask for a rear facing room as on their previous syat the rooms at the front have a lot of street noise. breakfast was a choise of cooked breakfast, cereald, bread of a self service nature. all in all a good location, acceptable standard, would recommend and would definately stay there again.	
Dec 9 2007 	Good value for central London	I didn't have high expectations of the hotel but was pleasantly surprised. The check in was very welcoming and quick. The room wouldn't win awards for decor but had a good tv, was of a reasonable size and had a great view of Russell Square. The breakfast was good and the staff were very prompt bringing drinks. The price was excellent for such a central location so I would recommend the hotel for people on short stays who don't like wasting money.	
Dec 3 2007	Value for money	I booked a night's stay in London at late notice as a treat for my partner's birthday. I originally booked a room at the President Hotel, but when I reported to the reception I was told we'd been upgraded to their sister hotel the Imperial - attached to the President. On my booking form I had said it was my partner's birthday and asked for a room on the third floor after reading the Trip Advisor reviews. I have to admit I wasn't expecting much - we just wanted somewhere to stay that was reasonably priced. First of all we were allowed to check in before 2pm; there were plenty of staff on reception, who were polite and helpful. The lobby looked quite impressive given the price, so I was fully expecting our room to be lacking, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was on the sixth floor, overlooking the turning circle and so was very quiet; clean and stocked with tea, coffee, etc. There was a flatscreen TV with Freeview channels. The bathroom was spacious and looked like it had been recently refurbished with tiled floors and two sinks. We couldn't believe that a buffet-style English breakfast was included in the price of £90 as well as a newspaper (available on reception). The corridors could do with some sprucing up as could the carpet and chairs in the breakfast room. I wouldn't want to stay here on honeymoon, but if you want somewhere fairly central, clean with polite service then this is for you. We took a party to London this summer and stayed at the Travelodge in Covent Garden - but would have loved to have known about this hotel!	
Dec 2 2007 	Great location and value	I'm surprised that other reviewers had moldly or dirty rooms; ours was cleaner than most budget London hotels, with no mold, so I suggest that if you get a moldly or dirty room, you just ask for a different one. This hotel was perfect for our interests, short equidistant walks to British Museum and British Library (fascinating!), two blocks from Russell Square tube station, and one block from a major tour bus stop. Of the three hotels we used in London, this was the only hotel in its price range with a full bathroom and tub/shower. The TV and remote worked fine and we had more channels than we'd had at any other budget places. Minuses include soft worn mattresses, poor pillows, certainly no frills, and major noise from the street below even though we were on the ninth floor (this hotel should really check out double-glazed windows). But of course, traffic dies down after midnight, and who isn't exhausted after a full day in London! So we slept fine. Breakfast was satisfactory and the coffee was nice and strong. As with all budgets in London, we got no handtowels or washcloths, so weird to me, but multiple bath towels, so I'm happy.	
Nov 16 2007	Really good - give it a try!	I stayed for 1 night on 15 November. The hotel was very busy and I was upgraded free of charge to a lovely family room. Lovely large bedroom, spotless bathroom and seperate toilet, plasma TV. The welcome was excellent as was the breakfast.My friend was upgraded to a bigger room also and was moved willingly to a room nearer the ground floor. It is a 10 storey hotel and my friend doesn't like heights.Nothing was too much trouble and I would definately stay again.Good value and good location.	
Oct 31 2007 	Good Location but VERY Basic	Bathroom - Black mold, one towel and a guest soap with a tiny bottle of clear shower wash.Bedroom - Thin pillows,uncomfortably soft bed, embarrassingly awful tea/coffee facilties.Good location for central London attractions.	
Oct 23 2007 	Pretty good for London	I have to admit I didn’t have high hopes for this place but it turned out pretty good. It's about a couple minute walk from Russell Square station which is on a handy subway line if you are going to check out shows in the West End. Saying that, it's located in a residential area so there isn't a lot going on in the immediate area (other than the bar in the lobby). You need to walk to the subway station before you'll see shops, cafes, etc in abundance. It does get somewhat quiet at night but it felt safe.The rooms itself aren't huge but for London it was alright. The value is good considering what you would need to pay for another place that close to the city center. The room was clean and service was fine. I was allowed to check in at 10 am which was great. Maybe it is because I went in the off-season but it was pretty quiet even at night.	
Oct 22 2007 	Basic Hotel and Central	As far as London hotels go, this is no worse than most. It is basic, breakfast is included in the price and there was free wireless internet in the lobby. It has a very central location for UCL and Bloomsbury, so I'd recommend it for there. The sheets on the bed had holes in them so I used two sets to get full coverage on the bed, andthere was the ubiquitous &quot;remote control for TV not working&quot; problem that necessitated a change in batteries. The staff were helpful, courteous and efficient. If you don't care about location though, I'dsuggest you stay at the Amsterdam Hotel in Earl's Court - it had nicer touches to the room even if the room was smaller.	
Oct 6 2007	More than I Expected	I knew upon booking The Imperial was considered a discount hotel. What drew me to book the room was the conveneince of a nearby Tube station and reviews of clean rooms. The room was newly upgraded and much larger than expected. The view was crap, but that worked to get us out and about very early. The bathroom was also large, with two sinks and lots of counter space. The cold water wasn't working properly in our shower so we asked for maintenance to assist. The woman from the hotel who came to the room to assess the situation felt it was not a problem and casually mentioned to us that Americans always complain. I had to laugh at her. Maybe she wanted to stick around and take a scalding hot shower in our room? She declined. Fortunately, a plumber then arrived and confirmed the cold water line was blocked. Because of the newly finished construction it was not easy to get to the water line, the plumber had to scrape the grout around a large tile panel to get in. But the shower was fixed and that made us happy. Buffet breakfast was not great food by any stretch, but very nice have it included in the cost. Toast and eggs were enough to start the day out right.Staff was courteous and helpful (with the one minor exception listed above), getting us tickets and offering assistance. By booking through the hotel's website we also had one dinner included in the cost of our stay. We opted for the Indian buffet at the nearby Royal hotel. The chicken entrees were lovely, and the restaurant had an adequate wine selection.Overall, this hotel is nice for travelers on a budget who understand basic subway transport and don't mind a bit of walking.	
Oct 5 2007	What a disgrace - go to the Royal National	This place was the pits! Poor service, dirty outdated and small rooms, mold infested flea bag hotel. Good thing the Royal National was not too far away and was able to switch hotels.Royal National was clean with great service and staff. Plus, it had a BAR!!! I would highly recommend the Royal National to anyone coming in from the USA.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great Place to Stay	My friend &amp; I think that this hotel is excellent. The décor of the communal areas of the hotel is perfectly acceptable. We were made very welcome at reception when we arrived. We liked the Night &amp; Day bar downstairs and as we were very lucky with the weather (warm &amp; sunny), we enjoyed a drink on the outside terrace at lunchtime before hitting the shops and then also at the end of our evening after going to the cinema at Leicester Square. Our room was spacious and refurbished. It was situated on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel overlooking Russell Square. The bathroom &amp; toilet (separate) were very clean which is always a good indicator. Despite being a warm weekend, the central heating was still on in the bedroom so we were plenty warm enough during the night. Because it was a warm night, we slept with the window slightly ajar and it was quite noisy during the night, but it wasn’t noise from late-night revellers, it was just general noise from the street below (I guess London is a city that never sleeps!). When we go back again, we may well ask for a room at the back of the hotel as this would no doubt be quieter – but then you wouldn’t get the lovely view! Breakfast next day was in the beautiful restaurant, very light, airy and spacious. Our tea &amp; coffee cups were constantly refilled by waiting staff and the choice of breakfast was brilliant, and we could’ve gone up for second or third helpings if we’d wanted to. The hotel’s location is excellent. Only about 5 mins walk from Russell Square underground station, which meant we were only a few stops away from Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Leicester Square. We have decided that we would definitely go back again and are happy to recommend it to other people. We were a bit concerned before we went because of some of the reviews on here - but in the end, there was absolutely no need to be, we couldn't have asked for a better place to stay for the money that we paid. 100% satisfied customers!	
Sep 30 2007 	Needing for a Revamp	I have stayed in this hotel from September 8 to september 14. The room's decor was from the 70's. The room was very, very, very small and - terrible - with no air conditioning. It would be OK if you could open the windows, but the windows opened only about 4 inchs. After all I understood that it is a secutity reason: if you could widely open the windows you probably could thing on jumping out - due to desperation on facing the 99 GBP payed for the room !!!! The staff and the breakfast are really good - and my strategy was only to come back for sleep very, very tired.The room's key with a metal stick attached to it is a story I will tell to my grandsons - I have taken a picture of it, in case of been called liar.	
Sep 30 2007	Go somewhere elese	Booked in for six nights, left after two (would have left immediately but I had commitments to keep and didn't have the time to find another hotel). Highlight of my stay was carrying my bags out the door. I didn't bother complaining about anything because clearly the surly staff wouldn't care. On arrival there wasn't even the pretense of a welcome. My room looked more like a cheap bedsitter than a hotel room, the bathroom was less than basic (no window, no fan, no ventilation), one paper-thin medium size towel. I asked for more and received a thin face towel. The rooms don't have a safe so I had to take valuable items to the hotel safe - accessible from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm. I put my stuff in at 5pm and collected it at 9:00 am the next day. They charged me for two days... it's that kind of place.	
Sep 29 2007 	mediocre	Hotel was okReception staff were ok-poor, although when I checked out the woman was very pleasant.Breakfast was ok-poorSingle room was reasonably clean but tiny.Decor was a little tiredCentrally located	
Sep 27 2007 	No sleep at the Imperial	I stayed for one night in this hotel, and was surprised by how small the room was (even though they said I had been upgraded!) and first impressions were that the room was shabby. The radiator was permanently on, so the room was hot. My room was on the third floor, just by some traffic lights, so vehicles and sirens regularly woke me through the night (the windows were single glazed, so no noise reduction). The shower was powerful, but had a flimsy shower curtain, that clung to me whilst I was showering.I stayed at one of the sister hotels earlier in the year (I think it was the Russell) - and that was far superior to the Imperial.It's very convenient for Euston. Room service was prompt, but pizza wasnt nice, and the beer was warm.	
Sep 27 2007 	Surprisingly Good Budget Hotel	I've just got back from a two-day break in London, and I have to say that I was very impressed with the Imperial Hotel. I admit, I did book a room here before reading a number of negative reviews about the place. But now I can honestly say that it's worth every penny spent here.The hotel itself is reminiscent of the 70s - as far as first impressions go, one would think that this would be a classy hotel. However, that feeling becomes almost non-existent as soon as you step through the front doors. Even if the interior feels outdated, there is no denying that it is well presentable.Checking in was simple - just tell the front desk your name, sign it on a piece of paper, then you are given a carbon copy of it for use around the hotel - namely to pick up your room key and gain access to the restaurant on the first floor.The bedrooms themselves are just as presentable as the rest of the hotel was, with an en suite bathroom, coffee/tea making facilities, a free trouser press so that I could neaten my pants for nights out, and a flatscreen TV. At first, I thought that the TV was broken, but it turned out that it was powered via a switch next to the bed. The tea making set lacked any milk to go with it, so I had to buy my own. But that alone is hardly detrimental to the overall quality of the room.My only real complaint about the rooms was the shower. It was controlled by a lever on the bath tap, and temperature control is via the taps. Unfortunately, only two options were available - extremely hot, or extremely cold. Even whilst running both hot and cold taps, I could only pick one or the other. So rather than risk burning myself, I decided to have baths instead.My overall opinion? It's a surprisingly good hotel. It's not Hotel Paradise, but it's more than enough to serve one's needs for those on a budget. I recommend that you stay here at least once to appreciate the place.	
Sep 25 2007 	miserable dump from the 1970s	if you like hotels from england in the 1970s then this is for you. tired, horrible decor. small rooms, broken heating, windows that don't shut, no air-con, broken TVs, no internet access in rooms, room keys attached to giant metal sticks, staff who have no interest in customer service and mostly do not speak english. And this is after the facelift. Absolute dump. Stayed there one night. Never stay at any Imperial group hotels again. AVOID AVOID AVOID.	
Aug 17 2007 	much less than expected	I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in July 2006, for 2 nights. Unfortunately, at that time London was extremely hot (37 C) and the rooms were not equipped neither with an air condition nor with a ceiling fan. Besides, you could not open the window wide open so the atmosphere inside the room was like hell !!!! Basically, the room was in good condition, fairly clean and decorated, though it was not worth 140 euros/ night for a single room, maybe for 70 euros it would be OK.The staff on the front desk was not particularly friendly and I was astonished by the fact that on checking out, I was asked 1 pound, in order for the staff to keep my luggage in the appropriate room. It is the first time a hotel is charging a thing like that. Of course the problem is not the 1 pound but the policy of the hotel which is unacceptable for someone who has paid 280 euros just for two nights.The staff also in the breakfast room was more than rude when checking whether you were entitled to have breakfast. The thing is that everyone was considered a &quot;thief&quot; or a &quot;cheater&quot; if you like, until you proved to be a client of this &quot;fab???&quot; hotel.I would not recommend this hotel and I would definitely not go back again.P.R. The facade of the building is far from being anything close to IMPERIAL !!!!!	
Aug 2 2007 	OK for the price	We had an event there so they booked the hotel for us. It was located at a quiet and central area of London, easy access to tubes and buses, and there was breakfast. Normally the hotel costs 100GBP per night in a double room. I think this htoel is over priced if you pay that much. The hotel was not as clean as I expected, and since it is a 3-star hotel, I expected better TV chanels and cleaner bathrooms. The bathroom was very basic, TV had only a few chanels and there was no remote control. Average hotel I would say.	
Jul 30 2007	brand loyalty	I usually stay at the Bedford when in town – this time I opt for the Bedford’s big brother – The imperial a couple of pounds more expensive but is that bit more comprehensive in its facility provision than the Bedford.Location – Five / ten minute walk from Euston / a couple of minutes from Russell Square Tube &amp; on major bus routes to Waterloo. In the evening if you want to make your way to Covent Garden it is about 20 minutes walk or a £5 taxi ride. In all a good location. There is a bus stop 20 yards for he entry archway. The building –. I would guess 1960’s – It is actually quite impressive – if arriving by car / cab you sweep into an inner courtyard &amp; at first blush this is the poshest budget hotel ever. That feeling does fade later – but certainly you will not be disappointed with the presentation. Reception &amp; Public areas – Very smart – large reception area with sofas – after check in the porter issues you your key – almost a ceremony! The reception leads to the bar which s open to the early hours. Through the back of reception you will come across a 2nd reception that being for the President hotel. The Imperial has four lifts serving the nine floors with the restaurant being on floor one. The Bedrooms – Braise yourself – for the non-renovated rooms you step into the 1970’s – the single rooms are long &amp; narrow with a ‘cabin’ feel to them. The bedside switchgear controls lights / radio/ TV. I have not been in a renovated room – but any improvement would be a bonus. The original rooms are fine for a night complete with an empty but working minibar. The bathroom – A bit small – but clean. Shower is above the bath. Food – Only had breakfast in the rather ‘school dinning room like’ restaurant with very attentive bow tied waiters Food was fine. Staff – Excellent – believe me I have paid twice or even three times the price of the Imperial&amp; had terrible customer care – The imperial has to be praised for its good customer service. Over all – the imperial for under £80 a night is OK for a couple of nights on business – you would not go your honeymoon there. It is part o the wider Imperial group who have other hotels in the area – The Bedford / The President &amp; the Royal National. I think the Imperial represents excellent value &amp; provides good service at this end of the market. Tip –. Ask for a renovated room &amp; I would suggest as high up the building as you can &amp; at the back to avoid any road noise. Oh remember your swimming stuff.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good hotel for 3* in London	I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of May 2007. It is very difficult to find a reasonably priced 3* hotel in London that is acceptable. This hotel is a good 3* hotel. Location excellent - near the British Museum - and convenient to the Tube. English breakfast is buffet style and there is a choice of cereals and juice as well. Rooms are average in size. Our room had a full size tub and the toilet was separated from the tub and sink so it was very convenient for 2 people staying in the room. We also had 2 good size closets and tea/coffee making facilities. Internet was available in the public lobby.The only drawback was that there was no air conditioning - something that is hard to find in London anyway - so the room was very noisy when the windows were open. My suggestion is that you request a room in the back of the hotel, not on the main street of Russel Square. Naturally, you won't have this problem in the fall or winter when the windows don't need to be open.All in all, I would stay here again, if needing a 3* hotel.	
Jul 10 2007 	good price-performance ratio	Stayed in single room at 73,- GBP per night, including VAT and Continental/English breakfast. Central location (15 minutes walk to covent garden, 3 minutes walk to British museum, bus stop just in front of the house, tube station 3 minutes), area pleasant but busy, room (facing Russell Square, nice view) quiet unless window open (no air condition), most rooms seem to be refurbished by now, refurbishment on some floors still underway (some noise during the day). Thin walls (neighbors' activities in bed quite entertaining). Breakfast ok. Staff friendly. Room small but neat &amp; clean, shower produced some strange sort of a fine aerosol spray rather than delivering a decent water jet, but taking a shower was still possible. Given the convenient location and the general (horrible) London hotel price level I'd recommend this hotel and would choose it again myself. Most negative reviews on this site seem to apply to rooms before refurbishment.	
Jul 5 2007	Great location...I'd stay here again	I was at the Imperial hotel in late May. For the price, it's a pretty decent place to stay. The location in central London within walking distance from 2 tube stops is perfect. Almost walking distance to Oxford street if you really enjoy walking. The rooms were much better than I expected based on the reviews. Blonde wood furniture, clean rooms and the bathroom was perfectly adequate. Note the lack of airconditioning like a lot of other London hotels which is rough during the summer. The breakfast is adequate though after a few days it gets boring.Considering the horrible exchange rate with the dollar, I would probably stay here again.	
Jun 14 2007 	Give it a miss	This was not my first choice of hotel, the one I wanted suggested this one and as I was only going to be staying for one night on business I accepted it. On the plus side it was very central and within easy walking distance of theatres, tube and everywhere I needed to be. The staff were also courteous and friendly.Whilst the room was clean and had a good view of Russell Square as it was on the ninth floor, it smelled very musty and damp and there was a cockroach in my room. Not making for a pleasant night's sleeping wondering if it might have brought friends along with it.The room facilities, ie toiletries, tea and coffee were basic but that would have been ok were it not for the little visitor.Breakfast was a non-starter and totally not appetising so didn't bother. Needless to say won't be going back.	
May 22 2007 	Passable for a London budget hotel	The hotel is in desperate need of an updating. With the exchange rate making this room the equivalent of $200 USD, it could have been a bit more updated but the rooms were very clean which for a budget property is not always the case. The bathroom while again needing an update was clean and the water pressure was super - and hot. We had booked double rooms and were given twins which meant that for those of us 6 ft and over we were hanging out over the bed. This is not a comfortable way to spend 5 nights and the hotel was booked so they were unable to make any changes - nor did they offer to make any concessions on the price. The photos I am attaching has the beds pushed together so we could at least sprawl out a bit.The biggest draw back was that the hotel is not equipped with internet in the rooms so it meant some late nights spent in the atrium which had NO ventilation whatsoever and was quite stuffy.By the way, breakfast is included in the price of the room but don't expect much. The soft boiled eggs were hard boiled, the toast was like cardboard, the fruit was canned oranges and grapefruit and the cereal had obvioulsy been there for awhile because it was stale as could be. I was also told that the ham was like shoe leather. By the third day, we had to go eat at the local shops.The biggest plus was that if you cut through the President Hotel which is their other property, you were only one block from the Russell Square tube station.I don't know that I would stay there again especially on a business trip but location wise, it was great.	
May 16 2007	Good value great location	My mother and I stayed at the Imperial Hotel in late Sept./ early Oct. 2006. Basically, considering what you pay, there's very little Ican say that's negative. Our room faced Russell Square and was 2 floors above the hotel bar's outdoor patio, so noise was a problem onFri. and Sat. nights. We didn't bother saying anything about it because we had good earplugs and didn't want to go through the hassleof changing rooms, but I hear that others with the same problem have been moved to a higher floor without a problem. Other than that, the decor and the worn condition of the carpeting hints that a makeover wouldn't go amiss. Again, though, this is a budget priced hotel and that was a minor quibble. On the upside, the staff was polite and helpful, the room and amenities were clean, and the location is fantastic. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 14 2007 	Good central location	Stayed at the Imperial for one night and found it okay for what I wanted it for..........somewhere to sleep.My friend and I stayed on the 9th floor and the room was clean and well decorated. We had a twin room which had a tv, tea and coffee making facilities and a telephone. The one plus about the room was that it was an acceptable temperature and not boiling hot as some hotel rooms can be. The bathroom was clean and toiletries were provided, the shower was awful though, very little pressure and you just about got wet. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast did set you up for the day. The hotel is well situated and it is possible to reach alot of attractions on foot. The closest museum being the British Museum which is 5 mins away. Also very convienient for us as it was only a 10 minute walk from Euston station. All in all an okay hotel, no real complaints and I would go back, mainly due to the position of the hotel and its convenience.	
May 6 2007	give it a miss	I have just come back from a 2 night stay which was a treat for my daughter on her 21st. We had a lovely time and the location was excellent, within walking distance of most theaters and short taxi or tube rides to other big attractions. Did not rate the hotel though. It was a real 'bare bones' of a hotel with everything done on the cheap. Our room was on the 3rd floor and although not dirty was worn and grubby and like something out of a 70's time warp, from the sliding doors to the hairy blankets on the bed. The hospitality tray consisted of a 70's kettle and a few grubby plastic bags with a teabag, coffee powdered milk and a plastic spoon. We even had to pay £10 deposit to loan a hairdryer. The breakfast was again very poor quality food that was only lukewarm, on the 2nd morning we paid for a breakfast in Russell Square. To be fair, it seems from the reviews that the rooms are being updated from the top floor and we were unlucky, but the whole place smells musty and old.Last year I stayed with my husband at the Russell Hotel next door which was infinitely better, and I cant remember it being any more expensive. Both were booked through Superbreaks and next time ill go back to future at the Russell!.......	
Apr 17 2007 	Better than expected	I had booked a room for 3 adults and we ended up on the 9th floor. The room was refurbished and really clean! It reminded me of hotel rooms in Sweden - with lots of wooden details in the room. The door anyway was not changed and it was not so thick so we heard everthing going on in the hotel corridor.	
Mar 29 2007 	Below average	I stayed in the Imperial for one night whilst working in London for the weekend. My first thoughts were that the hotel was very outdated, the reception staff were reasonable but the porters that you collect (a ridiculously large key) from were rude and grumpy.I have read other reviews here saying that their rooms had been renovated, however, mine was on the 8th floor and very shabby. The toilet was seperate from the bathroom and felt like a prison cell and the taps and sink were rusty and old, although they did seem to be as clean as they could be for their age. Hopefully all the rooms will be renovated shortly and this will no longer be disappointing. The walls are also very thin and I was kept awake until the early hours by a group of people in the room next door, not good when you have to work the next day!Breakfast was also disappointing, I was at breakfast very early and the food was tepid. The 'boilted' eggs were not even cooked - the egg white was still clear and ran all over my plate, yuk!I wouldn't recommend this hotel, you can get much better hotels for this money in London.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great Value For Money	Just returned from a five-night stay at the Imperial Hotel in London booked through the British Airways website as part of an air/hotel package. Given the prevailing high room rates in London generally, I found the Imperial Hotel to offer above-average value for the budget-minded visitor. The hotel is conveniently located two blocks from the Russell Square tube station on the Piccadilly line, and two blocks from the British Museum. While the rooms are not large, my twin room on the 9th floor was perfectly adequate for our purposes--it was clean, regularly maintained, and quiet; as a bonus, it looked out onto Russell Square. One interesting quirk about my particular room was the separation of toilet and shower/washbasin which were situated across from each other separated by the entry hallway--this wasn't a major inconvenience, but it took a little getting used to. At least one floor (the 6th, I believe) was being refurbished (the 9th floor appreared to have undergone refurbishment in the not too distant past). The Imperial has a number of comparatively spacious, speedy elevators--and they all worked!! Included in the price of the room was a buffet breakfast featuring hot (e.g., scrambled or poached eggs, beans, bacon, sausages, toast, etc.) and cold (e.g., cereals, fruit, juice) foods (but no lunch meats or cheese); coffee and tea were served and refilled by attentive staff. I found the hotel staff at the reception desk, and particularly the folks manning the &quot;Porter&quot; desk, which served as the concierge, to be courteous and knowledgeable. Over the course of several years visiting London, I have stayed at much more expensive places with fancier addresses (and I have stayed at bargain-priced B&amp;Bs, too). The Imperial offers me the best combination of benefits--convenience, location, cleanliness, and hospitality--for the reasonable price paid . . . and I shall be returning there again on my next trip across the pond.	
Feb 27 2007	Thankyou Imperial!	We found the Imperial Hotel in desperate times, our hotel had overbooked and had been kind enough to find us another hotel - the other side of London! We were very short for time as we had a show to see in the west end and i remembered Imperial Hotels had several hotels in the area so i gave them a call. We were told The Imperial had a twin available, i asked to book and the girl said ' Don't worry we've plenty of rooms free just turn up' - quite worrying for a Saturday night but i had no other choice!I didn't need to worry, in fact i don't know why they had free rooms on a normally busy night as this is a pretty decent hotel (and £30 cheaper than our original hotel). First impressions weren't brilliant, the hotel was clean and friendly but had shabby, 1970s decor. Then we stepped out of the lift on the 6th floor to see stripped walls in need of painting. That's where the negatives end, we turned into a freshly painted corridor and into our v recently refurbished room (614). The decor was absolutely beautiful and v modern, if i'd known how different the pictures on here are i'd have taken some for comparison. Everything was brand new from the tiles and fitments in the bathroom to the flat screen tv. If they spend the money on the public areas that they clearly are on finishing the bedrooms this will be a lovely hotel.Breakfast was pretty good but there wasn't a great choice on continental - 3 cereals orange or grapefruit juice and grapefruit segments (no yogurts, cheese or pastries). They had a good hot buffet though with porridge, eggs (scrambled, fried, poached, hard boiled and soft boiled), bacon, sausage, tomato, beans and haddock. Coffee and tea was poured at the table and they were very efficient at topping up your cup.I stayed at The Imperial by chance but was pleased with this hotel and would book again if i could have a similar room.	
Feb 25 2007	enjoyed our stay	my husband and I spent two nights at the Imperial and found it very enjoyable, The staff were very friendly and the breakfast was good - everything you could ask for. The bedroom we had was on the top floor with a good view of the London Eye, it was very clean and looked as if it had recently been refurbished, towels changed daily as was the courtesy tray and the central heating was on constantly. all in all a reasonably good hotel we would go there againbarbara and keith - wigan lancs.	
Dec 31 2006 	basic but good	The rooms in the Imperial could do with a bit of updating - the separate toilet and bathroom took a bit of getting used to. The corridors were a bit shabby but you don't go to London to see corridors!The welcome was friendly enough and the staff throughout our stay were efficient. Breakfasts were ok - nothing to write home about - but they were plentiful, if a bit lukewarm!The hotel is in an excellent location for travel to the main attractions, especially with Russell Sq tube station right around the corner. Buses pass the hotel regularly as well, which is handy.The bar downstairs serves good value pub grub although the menu is very limited but on our first night we struggled to get a seat as the place was packed. Can only have been a good sign.In summary, the Imperial is the ideal choice for those travellers who like to be out and about all day and not dwell in their surroundings too much.	
Nov 14 2006 	Tired jaded and living on past glories	From the front the hotel is impressive (in a 1970’s kind of way), the location is great and the staff were present and helpful however the first surprise was a single room that was no larger than a student’s study-bedroom. The room was clean and tidy but everything had a slightly “run-down” feel and the quality of the bed was reminiscent of a student squat.The first evening was spent with a large party from my firm and a corporate buffet, but there was insufficient food, those who had waited until the queue reduced got the remnants and additional food was finally served to the Ban-Marie part way through the dessert.Breakfast the next morning was a further revelation; our whole company was due to be served at a set time, but the hotel was not ready and we queued for about ten minutes. The same shortage of food from the previous night was repeated and I will come back to the quality of the food later.The second evening I ate away from the hotel and have no experience of their restaurant service.Returning to food and breakfast on the second morning; in the broadest terms, what should have been hot was tepid, what should have been cold was also tepid and the whole thing was reminiscent of bad school dinners.However, dealing with the specifics; the plates were cold and required searching to find one that was completely clean and unstained, all of the food in the Ban-Marie was (at best) tepid and unappetising, the boiled eggs (hard &amp; soft) were cold and the toast was sweaty. This meant that when combined with cold plates any food selected was almost cold before it could be consumed. The fruit juices and the milk (for cereal) were served at room temperature and the coffee (which on the previous night had been as weak as dishwater) was almost viscous.I acknowledge that all the standard hotel services were provided and on this occasion I was not paying the bill, but even in the budget sector this was a poor delivery and everything gave the impression of having been done on the cheap.	
Oct 31 2006 	Pleased	Stayed here for one night on the 15th October - in a triple room on the 8th floor. Room was very clean and we were delighted to find we had 3 single beds in the room with adequate space between them. Toilet was seperate. from the shower room. was'nt too gone on the sliding doors - as it seemed bery 70s. However, Room looked like it had been recently refurbished as the carpet seemed very new and was different from that in the other rooms that we saw when we were checking out ( housekeeping had the doors open as we passed). Some of those rooms seemed very dated. Indeed the carpet on the corridor leading up the room was badly in need of replacement. Breakfast was fairly good. Replenished by staff on a regular basis. Overall I would stay here again as our room was spotless. Would be a bit nervous of what room I got as some of them seemed to have seen a lot of wear and tear - but if you are just looking for someplace to sleep for the night its not bad! and only round the corner from the tube.	
Oct 21 2006 	Thank heavens for the Imperial	The Imperial was a great base for exploring London. A short walk from Russell Square Tube station. We stayed in room 809 too! It was clean (although a bit dated) but we were so delighted to be in a quieter hotel room. We stayed the night before at the Royal National just along the road and had to check out after one night because it was so unbelievably noisy - do not stay there! It did make us appreciate the Imperial though. It's low cost for London so don't expect it to be posh but its friendly, clean, warm and quiet enough to get some sleep. We would go back!!	
Oct 10 2006 	Perfect location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights and would recommend it to anyone with its good location. The service in the hotel was great the rooms were very comfortable and the bedding was clean, service at reception and at the bar were excellent, self service breakfast very good even when one day we did not get till 9.55 it closes at 10oclock it was still hot and all full.	
Sep 18 2006	Student halls	Good location, but a dated noisy hotel. Nothing puts off the wife more than slidding bathroom and toliet doors. We also unfortunately had a connecting room (only room available even though booked six weeks in advance) and could hear nexts door conversation. Maids also start at around 7am!	
Aug 11 2006	Imperial Hotel Stay	During July I stayed at the Imperial Hotel, Russell Square with my elderly parents in a room accommodating 3 persons. We were very happy with the room as it was clean, bigger than expected and serviced daily by very friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast is plentyful and of a high standard - far better than any other breakfasts we had had at the numerous hotels visited during our trip. The hotel is a 3 minute walk from the tube station. The tube does have stairs that have to negotiated before getting to the trains. The Imperial Hotel is an old building and the carpets are wearing thin but considering what you get and the price I would definitely stay there whenever I visit London. Staff at Reception and the Porters are helpful, pleasant and always ready to be of assistance in any way they can.	
Jul 9 2006	Would stay again	I found the staff to be friendly and check in was fast and efficient. My room was small and outdated, looks the 70's still. The bathroom was good, the water ran fine. The hotel was situated in a good spot and not too far from Oxford Street. Hotels are expensive in London so i guess this was resonably priced but compared to what you pay in London to other places around the world i think the rooms could be a lot nicer however i would recomend this place.	
Jun 12 2006	Good value for money!	We stayed at the imperial for one night and we found it good value for the money. Parking was very convenient and reasonably priced for its location. Hotel room was clean with separate toilet &amp; bathroom, (although these two rooms were a bit of a squeeze). Request a room with a view over the park as we were at the back of the hotel and found the air conditioning of adjoining building a bit noisey and were unable to have window open at night, (it was a hot night). Breakfast was very good, bar was ideal at night, cashpoint and shop in hotel very convenient. One tip though, take some quality tea bags with you as complimentary beverages in room a bit stingy. Would definately use again.	
Apr 27 2006	Loved the Imperial!	We stayed at the Imperial on our honeymoon to London and had a fantastic stay! Our room had a lovely view overlooking Russell Square and we enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle. The rooms are slightly dated in their 70s decor but they are definetly clean and comfortable. The staff were always friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed and looked forward to our English breakfast each morning! Bacon, eggs, tomatoes, toast with jams, and the best hot chocolate ever! It was a real treat! The location was great, you could walk to most attractions in London, but if you felt tired the Underground was only around the corner from the hotel.	
Apr 4 2006	Good location but terrible breakfast!	I stayed at the Imperial for a couple of nights on business in London. It has a great location right on Russell Sq, but it's one of those big hotels from the 1960's/70's that doesn't seem to have had much of an update since then. The room was fine, good view of the rooftops, clean but needed updating and if you are looking for a drink after a long journey don't go to the mini bar as its left empty. The free breakfast is really horrible, steamed toast and horribly oil soaked scrambled eggs - not a good advertisement for the English Breakfast.However the staff on the desk were nice and helpful and without a doubt its not the worse place I've stayed in.	
Mar 13 2006 	Nice hotel would stay again.	Having parked the car in the underground car park, we looked for the entrance to the Hotel. Signage was very poor, though we did eventually find a door marked &quot;Entrance to Hotel&quot;. On going through this door we were faced with steps up to the hotel. Had I been a wheelchair user, there was no indication as to an accessible entrance. On arriving in a reception area, we attempted to check in, only to find that we were in the reception area of the President Hotel, rather than the Imperial. The President and the Imperial are in adjoining buildings. Having been directed to the Imperial. We checked in. Check in was efficient and the receptionist friendly and helpful, as was the porter, who advised us what time we needed to leave to get to the show we were seeing on time, and arranged a taxi for us.We had booked one double room, and one single room. Past reviewers had said that the rooms were small. Though we found them perfectly adequate for our one night stay. The room and bathroom were clean and tidy with plenty of hot water, though the bathroom could do with some updating. There is no air conditioning in the rooms, though as we visited in March this was not a problem. Though the temperature of the room when I first entered was very warm 24c. There is no way to control the heat other than to open the windows. The room I had faced court yard, and there was some noise from the Air conditioning of the building below. The tea and coffee making facilities are rather mean, two sachets of unbranded tea and coffee, powdered milk, sugar and two plastic spoons, it would have been nice to have a wider choice of beverage, and UHT milk. The room had a direct dial telephone, modem point, Trouser press, TV and Radio. The head board has a control panel which controls the lights, the TV and the radio. Speakers for the radio are built into the headboard, and a speaker is also installed in the bathroom, so you can listen while you bathe. The bed linen was clean and white, always a good sign in a hotel, as dark linen can hide a multitude of sins. Food was available in the night and day bar on the ground floor up until 2am, the food quality was good, and provided good value for money. On the first floor of the hotel is the Emperor Bar, we never saw this open, we were only staying one night, and arrived back at the hotel after it had shut. But you could sit there during the day, and enjoy views over Russell square. The imperial is in a rather ugly 1970's building, but the interior is clean and well cared for, the carpets and furnishings are clean and in good condition. The hotel would benefit from air conditioning in the rooms, or at least room thermostats, and the aluminium windows replacing with modern double glazed units	
Feb 6 2006	Adequate Hotel - Perfect location	Ask for a front room on the eighth floor: the view is worth the price of the room alone: you can see the NW London skyline from the BT tower, through the British Museum to the London Eye and, below, leafy Russell Square, the largest square in London. The location is ideal for the West End theatres, Soho, the British Museum and, because you can get the Piccadilly line at Russell Square tube station, the museums at South Kensington. The room are clean and perfectly adequate, although (nasty shock) the in-room bar was not stocked. The public areas of the hotel are a little dated, adopting a brown-panelled mock-baronial theme, and the smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the lobby may alarm North Americans (although proposed legislation is likely to outlaw smoking in such areas within a year or two). The breakfast buffet, rarely good in any hotel, is ok (with some reservations about the egg dishes). Unless you demand Sheraton, Four Seasons standards of accommodation, this hotel does the job. I would return.	
Feb 2 2006	Good Location	The Imperial hotel is just around the corner from the Russel Square tube station, which lets you easily get around London. We only stayed for one night with a tour group. The rooms were small but seemed relatively clean. Not luxury, a fairly good value for something in central London. Would stay here again next time.	
Feb 1 2006	Good Location Good price.	Me and 2 friends stayed here on New Yrs Eve, got a very reasonable rate direct through their website.The Hotel is within short walking distance to Russell Square tube station, and abit further to Holburn tube. Our night out venue was The New Connaught Rooms, Covent Garden - which we walked to &amp; from, took about 15mins.The room had 3 single beds which is abit of a novelty because usually in a triple room you just get 1 double and 1 single. The size was decent and everything worked. The bathroom and toilet was seperate which was nice - although no locks on either.The fire alarm went off just as we was leaving, we ended up getting locked in the fire escape staircase as the fire door on the ground floor appeared to be locked - needless to say it scared us half to death!! We got out when 1 of my friends managed to use her nails to grip on to a bolt to open one of the fire exit doors - when we mentioned our 'near death experience' to reception she couldnt have cared less if she tried and mumbled something about getting someone to have a look at it. Apart from this incident - nothing to complain about the hotel, it served a purpose!	
Oct 22 2005	Good value	This hotel offers good value and is in a great location. I stayed there in September 2005, sharing a twin room with my mother. I was a bit concerned having read some of the reviews of the hotel before I went but would stay there again because of its amenities and location (noting, however, previous comments that double rooms are small).While the hotel is a bit dated, and the room was not air-conditioned, the hotel has lifts and our twin room was clean, of a good size and had the bonus of a toilet and bidet separate to the shower and bath. It also had two separate closets for hanging clothes, drawers, a TV, fridge and tea/coffee making facilities. In fact, it looked just like the photo in the brochure (but no mini bar as advertised). Ice could be obtained from the modern bar on the premises, which also served meals and provided room service. Our room faced Russell Square and had a lovely outlook but did suffer from traffic noise - however nothing that earplugs didn't fix. Ask for a room facing the courtyard if noise is a problem. A full hot and cold buffet breakfast was included, and while certainly not the best I have ever had, contained enough variety to satisfy most needs. Service from staff was a bit mixed - seemed to be a lot of younger foreigners on working holidays - but no worse than other places in London and Europe. But the best thing about the hotel was the location - opposite lovely Russell Square, near the British Museum and close to a tube station on the Picadilly Line (easy access into the centre of town - Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square and theatres). There were lots of amenities close by also - restaurants, pubs, hairdresser, Tesco Express. It is also close to a &quot;Big Bus Tour&quot; stop (which I would thoroughly recommend - hop on/hop off pass valid for 48 hours and including a short river cruise). It depends what you are looking for in a hotel. The Imperial is certainly not luxurious but I have stayed in other hotels in London where I have had to drag my bag up flights of winding, narrow stairs or that have been billed as four star but have not had enough room to swing myself let alone the proverbial cat. While remembering that London is not cheap, if you are looking for a moderate hotel in a good location then the Imperial offers good value.	
Sep 18 2005	Hotel adequate but great breakfast buffet	Stayed there last night (17 September 2005) as we were attending a dinner function in the hotel. Room was small, but clean and comfortable.The website advertises that each room has satellite tv, but the only extra channels available were a French one and a German one - not the usual Sky selection that you expect in the UK.A slight grumble was that my wife and I felt cold in the room at night - we rang the front desk to ask where the temperature control was located, only to be told that &quot;the heating doesn't come on until October&quot;!The breakfast (included within the rate of £98 for a double room) was very good.	
Jul 21 2005	Imperial Hotel Nice	Stayed at the Imperial for 5 nights after the London Bombings. Rooms are small and could be updated ... but that didn't bother us. Great views of London directly over Russell Square. Hair Dryer didn't work, but when you're on vacation who cares about your hair! Breakfast is ok, but would recommend going out for breakfast. Staff was very nice and helpful with maps and info on London. We kept our luggage there while we went to Paris, and everything was secure. I will stay there again.	
Jun 21 2005	Imperial is good	The rooms at the Imperial are small as compared to the usual American hotel rooms but this is a very nice European hotel. It is old but it is off the street a nice distance and there is not a problem with street noise. We found the hotel very clean and very well staffed. We think this is an excellent value in London.	
May 25 2005	Great Hotel Near British Museum for Students and Budget		
Apr 24 2005	Great Budget Hotel		
Apr 3 2005	regular to nice		
Mar 26 2005	Don't stay here--you'll be disappointed		
Dec 28 2004	A Good Value and Excellent Location		
Dec 1 2004	Thin walls and windows		
Sep 30 2004	great value and location		
Apr 9 2004	good value for London prices and excellent full breakfast		
Mar 21 2004	Double bed incredibly small		
Dec 28 2002	Tiny but comfy		
Nov 23 2009 	Molto buono per gli standard di Londra		
Oct 25 2009 	Hotel muy bien situado		
Sep 29 2009 	?????		
Sep 21 2009 	En recepción son lamentables		
Sep 16 2009 	Hotel muy viejo		
Aug 4 2009 	para volver		
Jul 19 2009 	Correcto muy buena ubicación		
May 18 2009 	hotel muy mediocre		
Mar 20 2009 	Très sale hôtel/ Puces trouvées dans les chambres		
Feb 17 2009 	mi estancia en imperial hotel		
Jan 2 2009 	Buen hotel calidad/precio		
Nov 25 2008 	Pas mal		
Oct 22 2008 	Hôtel industriel		
Sep 25 2008 	Buen hotel para ser de 3 estrellas		
Jul 20 2008 	hotel recomendado		
Jun 6 2008 	Correct sans être plus		
Jan 7 2008	excelente situacion		
Dec 9 2007 	OttimoOttimo		
Jun 2 2007	Imperial hotel funzionale e pratico		
Mar 5 2007 	Tranquilo y limpio.		
