Oct 31 2009 	This place is awfull	This the only hotel i have had to pay for the rooms when i checked IN !I booked a room for 3 people, the room was hardly big enough for one, so we had tochange next day.Also it is the only hotel i have been to that does not charge any drinks from the bar toto your room, cash only! On the first night the bar closed at 11.00pm, the next night it did not open at all.The hotel (if i have to call it a hotel) is noisy,scruffy and the staff look bored and are unhelpful.Avoid at all costs.	
Oct 29 2009 	Barely sufficient	We stayed free at this hotel for three nights with credit card points, and while it wasn't terrible, I'm glad we weren't paying for the room. Counter to the other reviews, our room was reasonably large, perhaps because it was a quad (room G07). But, the room was hot even with the heat turned off (and on the ground floor), the beds a bit lumpy but serviceable. Most disturbing though, was a problem with the door, which would open of its own accord if not bolted, even if the door was closed sufficiently. Perhaps something to do with an airlock created when a train passed underneath?? We forgot to bolt the door the first night, and it opened in the middle of the night. Imagine our surprise to wake up the next morning with the door wide open. The shower had a clog and would overflow if you kept it running longer than a minute or two. Breakfast was not very good, just cereal and breads, with no option for a full breakfast, and the breakfast room not big enough to accomodate all the guests...always a line, sometimes quite long. One morning we opted to skip the long line and have breakfast at a pub down the road. On the upside, the hotel is well located and affordable, for those paying. It's clean, and the staff was pleasant and seemed to be doing the best with what they had to work with. Again, it wasn't terrible, but I doubt I would stay there again given the opportunity, even as a freebie.	
Sep 28 2009 	Beleive me this is cheap smelly and noisy hotel!	The location is good, but the hotel is in the old building with very small rooms and its noisy and stressing to stay there. Avoid it if you have Plan &quot;B&quot;.	
Sep 17 2009 	avoid at all costs	I was meant to be staying at the Shaftesbury Premier London Hyde Park and having booked a deluxe double room, I arrived just after 11pm to be told that due to maintenance issues I wasn’t able to stay at the hotel and I had to stay at another hotel round the corner – the Royal Eagle. This was incredibly frustrating but was made even worse by the fact that the Royal Eagle is one of the worst hotels I have EVER stayed in and could in no way be consider to be a 4* hotel (which is what the Shaftesbury Premier London Hyde Park claims to be) and my room was anything but a deluxe double room.On arrival, a couple were complaining about the room they had been given but were told it was all they had. I then checked in and was given a triple room which I think most people would take issue with. It was right by the road and the traffic noise was terrible not helped by it being on the ground floor. Worst still the lock on the door didn’t even work. I don’t think anyone would consider this to be acceptable – and definitely not a woman staying on her own.I went to reception to request another room which I was given without any question – he clearly knew it was a poor room. My next room was slightly better in that it was on the third floor and not on the road side. However the room was far from “deluxe”. It had a bed with a sheet on it and a cupboard which you could only open if you moved half the furniture around. The bathroom was poorly maintained and the shower blocked causing flooding which meant you had to keep turning it off to allow the water to drain. If it had not been so late I would have found alternative accommodation but given that it was late and I was a woman on my own I did not want to have to do this. Given the previous room, by this stage I was just glad of a room with a bed and a door that locked. The sound proofing is bad in that you can hear the person above constantly thumping around. I would never stay here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Varies greatly in quality	Came here with my wife as a combined business and pleasure trip. While the Hotel has its location as a big plus, the rest of it is highly variable. My impression is that ALL the rooms are small; figure 10ftx10ft at best. We went thru 3 rooms within the first 2 hrs there.I purposely requested and booked a room with a double bed. Got a room with twins and an extra guest- a mouse. In addition the toilet didn't work. Changed to another room, this one with double bed (we were told initially that none were availabel when we got there ), but a bathroom smaller than the one on my sailboat. No towel racks, non working TV.Our third room, pretty much made it. Still very small and back to the twin beds, but the Bath was a good size, with a full tube and shower, towel racks, a working toilet, and a mostly working TV.Continental Breakfast was in line with my expectations, and the hotel lobby was a comfortable place to work with free internet access on a computer. Wireless is available but costs about 10 pds /day. The Staff is uniformly polite and try to accommodate you.Over the years I've come to have low expectations of hotels in London unless they are part of a large international chain, i.e. Hilton, Raddison, and the like. Unfortunately it is sometimes difficult to get a decent room easily for less than $250/night. My advice for here would be it's reasonable in price, clean ( excepting the the mouse, but I've had that at 5 star resorts as well ) and safe. As long as you realize that your room is only used minimally, you're ok. It's location, a 2 minute walk to Paddington Station, and 10 minute walk to Kensington and Hyde Park is its best recommendation	
May 30 2009	Excellent value for money	Don't believe everything you read on this Hotel!! I have just returned from a break to london with my parents and thought this hotel was outstanding value! We booked a triple room at an excellent price and were very pleased with the room we had. The room was on 2 floors - the 2nd floor being a mezzanine with a spiral staircase leading to it. On the ground floor was a double bed, wardrobe, dressing table with a TV, coffee making facilities and a hairdryer. On the mezzanine there were 2 single beds and a bedside table. All of the beds were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was clean and so were the towels, some of which were new! The room itself was starting to look a little tired, but nowhere near as awful as half of the people have said on here!! The breakfast in the morning was also very good - a good continental breakfast! I would definatly stay here again!	
May 29 2009 	Glad we didnt pay a lot	I booked in haste as two nights for three people at £102 was too good too miss, then I looked at the reviews! Overall most aspects of past reviews are correct even down to the fire alarm going off on our first night at 2am. Our room was on third floor at the end of the corridor so no passing guests on route to their rooms so relatively quiet although road noise is excessive becomes windows dont close tightly. The bedding and flooring were spotless but the paintwork was dirty and there was a large crack in the wall. Bathroom and towels were clean. Room didnt smell. All carpets in corridors dirty. On the second day a coffee tray appeared in our room which was a pleasant surprise. Breakfast was as expected but stay away from the cereal because they certainly are not a named brand and arrive early otherwise you will have to stand and wait for a table. Overall our stay was ok but i do feel we were relatively lucky. Would we stay again? No but there are so many other places to stay. I do feel however it would have been difficult to beat the value for money so I am not too dissappointed.	
May 25 2009 	Avoid this hotel!!!	This hotel is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, moldy shower heads, plugged up drains, toilet didn't work and had to be fixed upon arrival, torn duvets, holes in the wall. Furthermore the staff is unfriendly and unhelpful. Avoid this hotel! There are better hotels in London for the price in much better locations!	
May 22 2009 	Overall nice hotel good location	Location is very good, just a couple of blocks to Paddington station and Hyde Park. Our first night we were given a room in the basement - it was very shabby, humid and cold, and with a horrible view... and the toilet was wabbly O_o... We asked for another room but had to wait until the next day. The second room we've got was on the fifth floor, it was small but very nice and clean, there was nothing shabby about it. The towels and sheets were very clean and actually like new. I was scared by some reviews that said the hotel had thin walls and was noisy but we didn't hear a sound for all four days we spent there. Maybe we were just lucky to have quiet neighboors, I don't know. The lobby is small but quite nice. The stuff was helpful. Breakfasts were OK - there were 3 kinds of cereals, hot milk, youghurt, ham, cheese, some sauces, bread, buns and croissants, jam and honey, oranges and apples, juice (not quite natural though), and of course tea and coffee. I would definitely stay there again, but of course not in the basement :)	
May 19 2009 	We got the run around!	I wish I could report on overall hotel but we got the run around. We were booked for one night but were sent to another hotel, a four star, haha. We picked the Royal Eagle for the location to Paddington Station, easy to walk with our luggage, etc. This new hotel was another half mile further from the station. &quot;Oh yes we will pay for a taxi to the station&quot;, they said but neither hotel had any clue. It was if the hotels had never heard of each other. I understand the Royal Eagle is being sold so in the future others may not have to deal with them.	
Apr 20 2009 	Not what I expected	This was quite a shock for us when we arrived. I had booked the hotel hastily, having little time before we left to do the usual investigating. It seemed to get decent, if mixed reviews. But this was not what I expected at all.  We changed rooms twice. The first was in the basement, and reeked of sewer and had mold in the shower. The second was on the first floor, once we found it, seriously, this is the most confusing hotel I have ever been in. It had paint peeling from the walls, and mold in the shower, and the sheets were dirty. Finally after calling Travelocity, through which we had booked the hotel, we moved our room again. This time it was on the fifth floor, which had just been renovated, and it was definitely nicer than the previous rooms. The bathroom had a tub unlike the others, and it was cleaner, no paint peeling. If you must stay at this hotel, make sure you are on the fifth floor, it seems to be the only reasonable floor. Note, the walls are incredibly thin, and we had several student groups staying there too. The staff was generally helpful, if a little reluctant to change our rooms until we called travelocity.	
Apr 19 2009 	Decent Location	Hotel very handy for paddington no problem on check in and room ok though small, bathroom suite could be better made for sizeWater can stop at peak times so shower late or earlyBreakfast basic but ok	
Apr 2 2009 	Cheap central and problematic	The location of the hotel is good, there isn't much to see in the area but Hyde Park and Paddington station are just a few blocks away. Trains from Heathrow airport go straight to Paddington, which is very convenient.At first, the hotel seemed what we expected of that price range, but our stay in London could have been much more pleasant. The room was small but quite clean. However, some of the towels had large brown stains and emitted white fluff; so after using them you just wanted to take another shower to remove the fluff. There were also some weird stains in some pillow cases. The worst thing about the hotel is that the walls are very very thin - you can hear clearly everything from the corridors and the rooms next to you; the television and normal speaking voices. I guess you could have a nice experience at this hotel if you're lucky to get quiet and considerate neighbours but we ended up missing hours of sleep because other people were up until 3 a.m. talking and making sounds unappropriate for children. If you're a light sleeper, stay away from Royal Eagle.The very loud fire alarm went off twice during our stay, once at 7 a.m., once at 3 a.m., both turned out to be false alarms.Whenever you left the hotel, you had to leave the key to the reception. This meant that the lobby was sometimes full of people waiting for someone to turn up at the desk so that they could get to their rooms.The breakfast was ok, as expected. The hotel has a WiFi connection, but unfortunately the WiFi vouchers are prohibitively expensive. There is a common computer in the lobby area - and if you know anything about computer this helps you to get free WiFi in your room.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good price questionable quality.	We stayed here 2 nights. First the perks: the continental breakfast was outstanding and it is quite close to Hyde Park and Paddington Station. Other than that, the room was absolutely miniscule. Even before our baggage was in the room it was impossible to get to the far side of the bed without climbing over. Couldn't pick up shampoo in the shower without bumping your bum, and we are NOT large people. Bedding was musty and did not inspire confidence in its cleanliness. Could hear every noise from out in the hall. Even local calls from the room were astronomically priced. There were about 5 channels on our TV, only 2 of which were in English. And WORST of all, there was a HORRIBLE smell in the bathroom, that all of the bathroom linens had absorbed. I was tempted to just air-dry for fear of it rubbing off on me.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent Value for Money......	Ok, you've read some of the horror reviews on here, and no, I'm not an employee or owner of the hotel. Just a normal businessman used to much better hotels and much higher prices. Trawling the net for a hotel for a hotel and came across this one. Could not believe a hotel in fairly central London could be £40-£45 per night including breakfast. So here I am in my room ready for bed and writing this. What's it REALLY like here? The reception is basic but fine. The bar is very pleasant and clean. The only staff I have spoken to is the receptionist and she was polite and efficient. This hotel is very &quot;spanish friendly...&quot; in that everything is bilingual. It's nice. The reviews on here suggest the rooms are awful.....they aren't. They're ok. Not plush, not dirty, but ok. A little worn at the edges but its clean. The are a little small but I was expecting a matchbox having read some reviews - even the single room is ok. The TV is tiny but so what? No services in the room (tea etc) but for £40 I wouldn't expect it. The bathroom is basic - but for £40 I expected it to be. Overall - its actually excellent value for money, comfortable, not noisy as suggested and its clean. I like plush like everyone else - so if you are taking your partner to London for a treat don't come here as it's not special. But if you are in town for a few nights and fancy a cheaper hotel - you'll do well to beat this one.	
Feb 16 2009 	Quite Good but..........	I arrived expecting a budget hotel and was pleasantly surprised. Very efficent reception staff and checking in. Easily found the room. I had booked a single room, but was not prepared for how small the room was! It would have been better without the wardrobe in it, which almost took up a quarter of the room. The bed was quite comfortable, but a bit on the hard side for my personal liking. The beding was very good, only one pillow was on the bed, but a second pillow and blanket were found in the wardrobe. Lighting in the room was excellent.I was very disapointed that there was no hospitality tray and no remote control for the television. The bathroom was equally small and actually containted a reduced length bath, with shower above. A toilet and washbasin were also squeezed into tight spaces, so you almost had to leave the bathroom door open when using the facilities! In a room this small, it would have been better just to put a shower cubicle. Range of shampoos/soaps/tissues very good for a budget hotel which was a surprise. Breakfast the next morning was adequate, although the option of a cooked breakfast would have been nice.	
Jan 23 2009 	We always come back	We have tried many hotels in London, but always come back to Royal Eagle. It's so easy to get anywhere, cos Paddington Station is just some minutes away. It's a great area to stay in, lively and friendly. The hotel might not be filled with luxus, and it might smell a little odd here and there. But the staff is always friendly, and when you have been to London often, you know the standard of the hotels is not the highest. Our rooms have always been clean, and not too small either. Compared to other places.We are actually going back both in February and April!	
Jan 20 2009 	big disappointment KEEP AWAY FROM IT!!!	Seriously guys, it was meant to be a good relaxing time with hubby but... First impression. corridor smells. was given a room of 4 for two people (reason was coz they did not have a double bed room for TWO!!!) room was not cosy and quite scary..the room was TINY, with very annoying stairs in the way..had to squeeze in between the bed and the stairs.now the bathroom.. toilet did not flash, very dirty. the tub was blocked and the shower nozzle was completely out of order splashing water everywhere. hmm what else COLD water.forgot to mention the dirty towels, stained with old mascara, hair and god knows what...this all didnt matter till we went back to sleep and realised the huge window was broken and wind was coming through the curtains, it was absolutely freezing, let alone the noise that can be easily heard from people on the next floor or the adjacent room.Seriously, for the price we could have had a much better night somewhere else. not to recommend at all!good luck hotel hunting.a young couple.	
Dec 8 2008 	Rising Damp!!!	Rising Damp....say no more! There are definitely much much better hotels available for the price. Please shop around!	
Nov 17 2008 	Disappointed	Went to London to celebrate 30th birthday.We were made wait 40 minutes in the reception as the receptionist told us our rooms would be ready in 15 minutes,we asked three times if they were ready and all we got was 'yes in a minute',eventually we left and came back later.Our room was very small and we were not fore warned that the tube ran right underneath our room,needless to say it was very loud.The shower did not turn off properly and the shower curtain did not cover the bath so our bathroom was covered in a few inches of water after about two minutes and it dripped all night.When I told one of the receptionists these things as I checked out all I got was a 'oh right' and that was it.Not impressed at all	
Nov 10 2008 	Very good value for money	You can't expect too much for this price. Having known terrifying experiences with cheap London hotels, Royal Eagle was a nice surprise. The room is very small, but comfortable enough if you don't spend there the whole day. The shower, though tiny, very clean and there was hot water all the time. Bed was clean and comfortable, breakfast basic but good, and the whole staff very friendly and helpful. It would be nice, if you hang one or two nice pictures or posters on the wall	
Nov 4 2008	Good budget hotel	Friendly staff. I booked a double room, albeit for one person. It was certainly a good job it was for 1 person, 2 wouldnt have fitted in the room, it was tiny.the top blanket was stained (Idont like to think with what!!), the sheets were clean though, so I just took the blanket off. the shower room was clean and great shower.The breakfast was very good, basic but very good. Lots of fresh bread, croissants and hot coffee.Not sure Id stay here again, only because the room was just so small.	
Oct 23 2008	Clean convenient friendly noisy small	This place is clean, warm, friendly. The room (a double) was too small for me, a tall person. No view. Ceiling higher than the room is wide. No problems with water in the shower, etc. Shower is about 2 feet square. The hallways are about 2 feet wide and have multiple fire doors. The ones near my room bang shut -- very noisy throughout the night. Very convenient to Paddington station. Breakfast is cold cheese and ham, cereal and yogurt, pastries and toast. Fruit. Coffee, juice, water, milk. Help yourself.	
Sep 27 2008	worst hotel yet	We booked in for two nights at the hotel. When we entered the room we though it was a single room (in fact we queried it at reception if we had been given a single room, they said we could change our room, but they were all the same size) one single wardrobe, one bedside table, a table with t.v on it, you couldn't swing a cat in the size of the room. We didn't let it put us off, but when we went into bathroom it was a joke, it was like a cupboard, shower, toilet and wash basin. The shower had mouldy grout, there was no hot water in shower, but scolding in wash basin? Towels where thread bare. All of the floors seem to slant ? Very noisy, I kept thinking somebody had entered our room! Breakfast was average, apart from stale pastries and not very good coffee. It was clean enough but no way would we call it a three star. We checked in for two nights, but even though we complained about shower first night and they said they would get maintanance out, nothing was done about it. When we checked out my husband once again mentioned shower, but all he was interested in was getting the bill done and said we could fill out a comments card	
May 19 2008 	Value for money	I have a feeling that most people &quot;knocking&quot; this hotel were expecting the Ritz at a budget price!...ain't gonna happen people!We stayed for 3 nights in a double room on the first floor. The price was very reasonable...on average it worked out to be around £70 a night.Yes the room was slightly small BUT more than adequate....unless you're planning on spending all day/night in your room then there is everything you need (tv, bed, wardrobe and en-suite bathroom).We wanted to stay somewhere close to a tube station..we expected to be able to hear/feel the trains..which we did...but in no way did this interrupt our sleep..in fact after a short while you didn't even notice the slight vibrations from the trains...I'm kinda thinking there's been some over exaggerating on the &quot;noise&quot; of the trains....you're a minutes walk from the station people...of course you're going to be able to feel the trains!!!The shower was fantastic..always hot water available and very close to a &quot;power shower&quot;The staff were friendly and helpful.The hotel itself was very clean.We arrived early and were able to store our luggage until our room was ready.What can i say about the breakfast?...for a continental breakfast it was as much as you could ask for...everything was fresh...the ham was luvly jubly and the coffee really hit the spot!I'm quite a fussy person and like value for money...we will certainly be using this hotel again!	
Apr 29 2008 	An Enjoyable Stay - And Decent Value	Do NOT pay any attention to the poor reviews elsewhere on this website.I stayed at this hotel for several nights in late November/early December 2005. The room was small, but that it to be expected in London - especially for the price paid. Despite being small, the room was EXTREMELY clean. The TV worked fine as did all other amenities. And ignore comments about the small bathrooms...yes, as with the room they were small but, again, what should one expect for that price in London? I am 6'1&quot; 225lbs and I had absolutely no problems in that bathroom (shower or otherwise). If I can fit in there easily, others can too.The staff weren't super friendly but they weren't rude either. One young guy, however, was EXTREMELY helpful and pleasant.The bar was closed (it always seems to be) but there is a great pub just a few doors down Craven Road (towards Paddington Station) which more than makes up for that.The area is very convenient for getting to other parts of London (Circle and District Lines).I'll be in London for the summer this year and am arriving three days before I can check into my lodgings (long term rate of 92GBP per week). For those three days in June I plan to stay at the Royal Eagle again. I will NOT stay in a dumpy hotel so, if I am staying there for a second time, this place has to be decent for the price.I've attached some photos to this review to demonstrate how clean the place was. My apologies for any that are blurry - it was my first day with a newly bought camera and I hadn't quite figured out all of its settings yet.	
Apr 13 2008 	They Are Bloody Thieves	This hotel was offered to us by Air France. We thought we could trust an International Airline and booked the Hotel as the location was convenient.The rooms and bathrooms are terribly small. It is like you are staying in some slum.We were tourists. The first day we were obviously out the whole day sightseeing.The next day was also the same for us. But this time when we came into our room, my wife felt our bags had been touched. I pooh poohed her and told her IMPOSSIBLE. To our surprise when we checked, the bags were opened and the choicest things were removed. The thief had so much time to go thru each and every thing and removed the most expensive things including my tablet PC, camera etc.To my further shock, when the police came i was told that the same thing had happened on another floor also.The Manager had all sorts of excuses and claimed no responsibility at all. When I enquired, the hotel staff said they did not see anything untoward, nor did they see any person loitering around and also, surprise- the CCTV cameras were on the blink.After I really blew my top, the Manager, promised that he would try and reimburse me through his insurance company.After coming back to India, i called them several times. They would keep me on hold for a long long time and then finally the phone would hang up. But that manager never came on the line or replied to my several emails.I have been wanting to do this for a long long time but never really found the time. But I am again going on a trip to Europe and am relying heavily on others reviews of other Hotels. So I thought, I owe this to my fellow travellers.	
Mar 20 2008	lovely stay	We had lovely weekend in this hotel, it is sad that people write that much of terrible stuff of this lovely hotel.We had a real nicely decorated room with 2 levels, with a huge window almost 3 m high that served as an exit to the balcony. With a nice view to the specific London street.It was a bit small bathroom, but very clean and modern.The breakfast was a bit busy and basic. We were quite happy with it as we dont really have huge breakfasts.I would deffinately go back again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Overall a nice stay at the fawlty towers =)	When we first arrived to the hotel there was no electricity so we couldn’t check in. Well we thought no problem. We went shopping and came back in the afternoon, we checked in fast with no problems. The staff was nice and friendly. The elevator was broken so we had to take the stairs to our room. And I forgot, the bar is still closed!!! The room was really tiny, like a shoebox, but we thought it was okay since we were not planning to do anything more then sleep anyway! The bathroom was also very tiny; it was a bit of a problem to wipe you after being on the toilet! We didn’t mind about that either! At night it was cold, the windows was shaking and knocking in the wind the entire night, the underground and the traffic, especially the ambulances, was a little disturbing. We fixed the window with a bit of paper and bought ourselves a pajama so the following nights we slept well. The breakfast was good nothing to complain about. Overall we had a nice stay at the Royal Eagle. I could come back again if it wasn´t for the disturbing ambulances and the heavy traffic.	
Feb 23 2008 	Overall waste of money	Good location, close to Paddington station. Bad outweighs the good however: cold at night, EXTREMELY noisy corridors creating a lot of disturbance to our sleep during the night and the breakfast was somewhat comical. Would definitely not recommend to anybody.	
Dec 27 2007 	Do Not Stay Here	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS DESPARATE FOR THE LOCATIONMade the fatal mistake did not read TA review of the hotel.Stayed in November for a long weekend.Arrived to be informed that the bar was temporary closed for the weekend.Stayed in room 202 and was woken in the morning to running water down the wall making the bed wet.Informed reception and was told it would be rectified; the hotel solution was to move the bed off the wall. This made the small room even smaller.Reported water again the following morning to be told nothing could be done as it was a weekend??Headboard was for a single bed and it could just have passed as a single room.Bathroom well there was no room to manoeuvre and 2 people could not be in the bathroom at the same time.Complained about the size of the room, to be informed by the desk person “This is a standard size room for London”. Do not thinks so was my reply.Complaint letter sent with a day of arriving home, no replay to date.As I have said at the top of this review Do Not Stay At This Hotel.	
Dec 9 2007 	Where Eagles Dare!!!	After seeing the wonderful pictures of the bedrooms, on the hotel website, we decided that we would book a room at The Royal Eagle Hotel.On arrival there was a sign in the reception area advising that the bar was temporarily closed for the weekend. We then proceeded to our room, which we can only describe as a broom cupboard, i have never been in a hotel room as tiny as this. The double bed was accessable by a narrow gap down one side! It was also very dull &amp; basic. The bathroom was no better, it was mission impossible to get hot water out of the shower &amp; the shower when in use flooded the bathroom!Breakfast was very basic, the restaurant was also very small &amp; could not cater for all of the guests, who had to stand in a line &amp; watch you eat while waiting for a table!!As we were only staying one night we decided to put up with it. l will certainly not use this hotel again &amp; would definately not recommend it to any of my friends! i wish i had read the reviews on this site before my visit!	
Dec 4 2007 	Terrible Hotel	We (6) arrived here on Saturday the 3rd at 9am. We requested early check in, when we asked staff about the early check in they had no no information about our request. We understood that this is not always possible so we asked if we could store our suitcases in the storage room to which the receptionist responded &quot;WAIT!&quot; We thought it was quite funny at that moment in time but things got worse. We arrived back to the hotel and staff were extremely rude to us. Nothin is done with a smile they nearly through the keys at us. We went to our rooms and nearly dropped dead with shock. The room was approx 2 1/2 metres x 2 1/2 metres with two single beds sqeezed into the room. It was virtually impossible to get our luggage into the room as the door would not open fully as the beds were too big for the room. Note that the hotel is freezing... i woke up in the middle of the night and had to put a jumper on. The next day i called reception to ask how to turn the heating on he said &quot; do you see the radiator? See the know beside it? TURN IT. Then he hung up the phone. There was 6 of us travelling in total, 3 rooms and every room was tiny! 1 of the rooms had no hot water and when they compained they were told they will have to speak to the manager the next day. This was ok as we had three rooms between us but if this was not the case you would not be able to shower. Safes did not work in any of the rooms. Breakfast was hillarious, toast and cereal with staff staring at your every move. I have never came across such rude people. We were paying money to stay there so didnt expect staff to be like this. I didnt see one staff member smile during our stay. We said please and thank you every time we were dealing with them so we couldn't understand why staff were so bad. The only good point about this hotel is the location, this is the only thing that made our stay bareable. If you decide to choose this hotel whether you get a good deal or not, it's really not worth it!	
Oct 23 2007 	Worst shower ever!	I was unlucky to get a room in the basement--which meant Tube rumblings and street noise. The curtains were very lightweight, so the room got streetlamp light as well. The windows were poor and did nothing to block the noise. Unlike others, I had a good-sized room. In fact, it had three twin beds. It was clean, beds were fine. Also had the laminate wood floor. The hallways were narrow and hard to navigate, with several doors between the elevator and the room. The staff were so-so. The biggest problem was the bathroom/shower. It was not undersize, but there was structural damage to the tub and the shower was horrendous. Extremely hard water pressure so that water pulsed out all over the bathroom no matter what you did. I assume this also had something to do with the hot water running out in about two minutes--though I would think in a hotel, this would not happen. So I didn't get much of a washing, and my hair just got wet when I had to call it quits. Very unpleasant.	
Oct 9 2007 	Don´t bother staying at the Royal Eagle	Are you after value for money for your accommodation in London? Don´t waste it at the Royal Eagle then.We stayed at the hotel for two nights and I thanked my lucky stars it was no longer than that. We had a room on the second floor that was sold as a ´small room´but really should have been described as a ´large closet´. Only one person could move about the room at one time and even then it was a tight fit.Not only that, the bathroom didn´t function properly. It was impossible to have a decent shower as the water didn´t drain away. And using the toilet? If you´re short I´m sure it´s fine; however given my husband and I are both tall, we had to straddle the hand basin to be able to use the toilet.On top of this, it was impossible to have a decent night sleep as the window didn´t close properly and Craven Road is very busy right in the early hours of the morning.In short, only stay at the Royal Eagle if you are absolutely desperate for accommodation in Paddington. Paddington is a superb location and there are many better alternatives at a similar price, particularly in Westbourne Terrace and Gloucester Terrace. We paid 77 pounds per night at the Royal Eagle which is defintely far too much to pay for this standard.	
Aug 20 2007 	Short Stay ONLY!!!	This hotel is in a great location and within easy walking distance of the Underground. I would really only encourage people to stay here if they are looking for somewhere on a tight budget and who are only staying for a maximum of 2-3 nights. You will have to cope with the cons however. The hotel rooms are very small (very being the operative word!). and the cleaners can not speak a word of english...I was informed there website of cable tv....but only regular channels were shown once I arrived. The toilet had no heating so I always found it extremly cold. The walls are not sound proof so you can hear word for word what the person next door is saying. If you can cope with this for a few nights its worth it I guess!	
Aug 10 2007	Ok hotel if you need somewhere cheap and cenrtal to stay - No luxuries	This hotel is ok and has the minimum you need to spend a night in London. I do think it's well located but that's about it. No luxuries at all. The bathroom was in pretty bad shape.There are nice Asian restaurants around where you can have dinner.	
Aug 1 2007 	Enjoyable stay	The hotel is small but very everything has been updated recently. For the price it was a great value. The rooms were clean and comfortable. It was quiet and I didn't hear lots of noise at night and I did not hear the trains at all. I stayed their two nights and was able to leave my baggage in the luggage room. It is a very short walk to Paddington station and Hyde Park where you can catch a tour bus at Marble Arch. They even sell the tickets for the bus tour at the hotel. I had internet access to e-mail home, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The Continental Breakfast was lovely and there was tea, coffee, fresh fruit, pastries and toast with jam along cold meat and cheese . It was a perfect light breakfast to start the day. I would recomend staying here to the traveler on the go.	
Jun 27 2007 	About as 'comfortable' as a sardine tin	Arrived after a reasonably long train journey expecting a good quality hotel, but what we got was far from that. The website is definately misleading - beware! The foyer looked ok, the staff were helpful enough. Went up to the room in the tiny lift, struggled with luggage through the narrow passage ways and finally reached our room which was situated on the fourth floor.The room was so small I couldnt believe it ! just enough room to get in and squeeze our luggage in. I cannot believe the owners of this hotel actually believe that this is a comfortable stay. The bath room was about 6foot square and thats not exaggerating. EVERYTHING about this hotel is SMALL. The breakfast was poor, not much variety and the tea was awful, I had floaty bits in mine and didnt drink it :( Its very noisy in the evenings , we heard the lift rumbling through the walls, the traffic outside and on one occasion people having sex in the rooms (Loudly) !! There is no London feel about the place, It may as well be in the middle of France or something.No tea or coffee in the rooms which I thought was terrible for a London hotel, although I can't honestly think where a kettle would go considering how small the room is.Very bad design and obvious that all they want is your money.On the upside however, the beds were quite comfortable and the location is quite good.	
Jun 8 2007	a very uncomfortable stay - the worse that fawlty towers experience	This must be the worst hotel we have stayed in. The rooms were tiny with no tea/coffee making facilities. The bar was closed - for refurbishment we could not get a drink of any kind on arrival. The only way to get any refreshments was to go out. The staff were unhelpful and uncommunicative. The coffee at breakfast was cold. It was a nightmare after a long journey.	
May 28 2007 	A good deal	I was worried about staying here after reading all the negative reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps there's been a change of ownership since some of the reviews were written.Here's what my wife and I found:1. The staff were mostly from eastern Europe and were helpful and friendly. The women working in the breakfast area and the front desk in particular.2. The location is great. Lots of good reasonably priced (for London) food along the nearby sidestreets, and lots of tube trains arrive at Paddington, as does the Heathrow Express.3. The rooms are a bit of a crap shoot. The Royal Eagle is a converted Georgian apartment block, so every room is different. We had a ground floor room away from the lobby. It had super high ceiling, was away from hallway noise, and was reasonably sized. There were floodlights outside the window, so we used our British Airways sleep masks. If you don't like your room, ask them nicely at the front desk and they will try to help.4. Breakfast is fine. Yogurt, toast, cereal, coffee, tea. Enough to get us moving in the morning. Those in need of a full-English can find it in several restaurants just steps away from the hotel.5. The maid missed our room one day. We told the front desk, went to the pub on the corner, came back an hour later, and it was done. The Royal Eagle isn't the Ritz, but it's not Fawlty Towers, either.	
May 4 2007 	Excellent!!	Stayed 3 nights with my daughter April 29th-May 2nd and we where really surprised of the high standard and quality for the price. We got a twin bed room on floor 5, with laminate wooden floor. The room was very nice, clean - also the bathroom and spacious. The lobby where relaxing and proper and the staff very friendly and helpful - 24 hrs service. The breakfast room where small, but with white linnen cloths and also very efficient and friendly personnel. We are very happy and very pleased and will certanly recommend this hotel to others. For this price, I think this hotel is a bargin! A hotel in London at this rate is a big risk, and this time we where very lucky.	
Mar 20 2007 	Reviews below grossly misleading	Having booked this hotel through British Airways, I didn't bother to check the reviews online beforehand. When I read them, I contemplated canceling my trip. It would have been such a mistake! While this 3-star hotel lacks some amenities we are accustomed to in the North American hotels, I find this is the case with ALL European hotels. And, for the price, this little hotel is a true gem. Our room (208) was a decent size. It was very clean. The staff was exceptionally friendly and the breakfast room never crowded. Needless to say, we were not robbed. Even the phone call I made from our room wasn't exorbitantly expensive (less than $1.50 for a 10-minute local call.) So, please don't blindly trust the reviews below. My three-year-old daughter and I enjoyed our stay in London and this hotel definitely helped. The location is awesome, tons of great (and inexpensive) ethnic restaurants nearby. The proximity to Paddington and Heathrow Express trains a definite plus, too.	
Mar 11 2007 	Give it a chance	My husband selected this hotel out of a range of possibilities offered by British Airways in a crazy package deal before we checked the awful reviews on tripadvisor. So we were prepared to suffer with grace and a sense of humor. But it was great. We stayed in room 413, which WAS tiny, but it was the equivalent of $50 a night. And we only needed a place to rest as the main event was the city outside our window. We also pack light so not having much space to put our things doesn't bother us. Our four-day stay was marked by gracious front desk employees, a clean room every day, and an acceptable free daily continental breakfast. I must say that we are friendly Texans and expect friendliness in return. We are seldom disappointed. Noise did travel easily through our door, but the guests on the fourth floor during our visit were considerate and fairly quiet. If you're on a budget, don't be too quick to dismiss this hotel.	
Jan 25 2007	Never Again	Stayed one night on return from New Zealand,before travelling home to our abode.Could'nt wait to check out.We had four beds,there was only two of us (oap's). No help at all,with two heavy large suitcases. At the time,it seemed only one lift was working.On vacating,my husband had to take our cases down via the stairs...No coffe/tea facilities,shower badly needed replacing,the jets sprayed everywhere,that we had to mop up with towels.Toilet seat broken,.The bath was all chipped....A phone socket not secured to wall,just one power point which I had to get on my hands and knees to access.Upon reserving the room, before my departure to NZ for four weeks,the monies was immediately taken out of my account.I filled in my comments card,but I have had no response even though I left my address.. I have no recall,as I booked direct with the hotel.Our room was very sparce and unwelcoming.Definately would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 7 2006 	Not as bad as the other reviews would suggest	We booked the hotel through British Airways for 1 night without checking these reviews first, so were not expecting much. However, we paid a fantastic rate for a London hotel, that is a fantastic distance from Paddington station and underground. The lobby and exterior of the building are really smart, obviously been recently refurbished. The room and bathroom were tiny (only room for one bedside table, a 3 quarter size bed and no room for a suitcase if you were taking one; we could touch both walls at once!!), and our room was in the basement floor (i.e. we could see up peoples skirts walking past the window outside). Also the underground line runs right under the road, and felt quite weird, but this stops at night so not too much of a problem. There was no room to sit at breakfast so skipped at went to Garfunkels down the road, and the bar was not open at all in the evening. The good points were that the room was really clean, and the bed linen and towels were good. I would probably recomend to tourists on a budget and staying for 1 or 2 nights - you might want more space for more nights than that. But not good for families or those expecting any luxury for a hotel at that price.	
Sep 22 2006	Never live there again!	I stayed in the Royal Eagle Hotel in February 2006. I travelled by myself so I was given a single room. My 1st impression was that the room was clean and tidy. But later I discovered that my TV could not work! The reception staff was rude. I have never realized the security problem of the hotel before I read the comments here!!!!!!!! Luckily I was not robbed as I never put any valuable things in my room when I was going out. But my friend noticed in the hotel lobby an Asian man was robbed and reported to the reception staff, but the staff was not that helpful. I never recommend this hotel!	
Aug 3 2006 	robbed	Stayed with family in this hotel. small rooms but Clean and tidy. while having breakfast following day, somebody pinched the mobile phone from my room. No sympathy at all from reception staff. They spoke to each other in a foreign langauge then told me blandly they could not do anything about it. I did not call the poice because I thought it was a waste of time.	
Jul 16 2006	Never again	A few short words about this hotel: - very loud (tube, street...)- very dirty- unfriendly employeesMy girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in JulyWe got a room (#314), which is obviously consciously assigned, although it became rather wet by the shower of the room lying over it (pipe was broken). It was 4:30 am, as we it noticed ... Our first morning there ...We got another room (404), which was very small, but at least without problems. However this room was very loud and rather dirty, but we accepted that, because no other room was free.Please, spend a little more money for a room, but not in this &quot;hotel&quot; - terrible!!!	
Jun 8 2006	If You Are Thinking About Booking This Hotel Read This First	I booked this hotel for our 2nd wedding anniversary. It was easy to get to the royal eagel as its located near to paddington tube-the only good point about this dump!!!!!!!!!!!!! We checked in and they gave us a room in the lower ground floor so therefore no view. We were not prepared for the shock when we turned the key after eventually finding the room-it was a maze of corridors.The room was very small. It was more like a corridor. The bed was jammed at the bottom of the room and you couldnt move freely around it. The view wasnt too pleasant either. The subway must have been directly below us because every time a train went by the building shook. There was no phone, the walls were cracked and had damp on them. All the furniture was jammed into the room making it feel very closrophobic. Also around the radiators was all mildew. I was very upset as it certainly wasnt the type of accomadation i had in mind when i think of 3 star! So i went to reception and asked for another room. The receptionist told me that the hotel was full and there would be a room available tomorrow. I accepted this as i had no choice. I went back to the room and told my husband, he said that was fine. After our journey my hushband decided to have a quick shower before dinner but the hot water didnt work. He went up to reception to complain but they told him that he wasnt doing it right and the receptionist went down to the room to show him how to work it. When he entered the room he said to my husband &quot;is this really your room? Its very small!&quot; he then preceded to tell my husband that you have to fully turn the shower knob to get hot water-which my husband had already done-the receptionist was quite patronizing. We were not alone in these conditions either , when in the reception , i overheard at least 2 other couples with similar complaints . At this point my husband was as furious as me , so we both went to reception to demand our money back . At this point there suddenly were lots of spare rooms available ! We were offered another room , which we accepted after viewing . This room was on the 4th floor . It had a phone , which the other room lacked . Was conciderably larger , but still not up to 3 star accomodation i have ever stayed in before . There were no tea or coffee making facilities ( in first or second room ) . The building had no air conditioning ( or even a fan ) , however they did not say before hand that there would be. Also , i have never stayed in a hotel in great britian that did not offer a cooked breakfast of some variety . We found only cereal , toast , croissants , tea , coffee , and juice ! What they termed as a &quot;continental breakfast &quot; ! So basically , to sum up , i would not let my dog stay in this hotel . And will be telling this to everyone i know .	
Jun 1 2006	Good Value for the money	Stayed for 2 nights 3 of us in the room. The rooms were small and we didn't expect much but the beds were comfortable and the hotel clean. A third bed was added for us, not a roll away. Hair dryer and ironing board readily available. Front desk very helpful (got a message on check in). Dont' stay for the breakfast but for a short term stay, it's not a bad deal. Convenient to Kensington and the tube (Paddington).	
Jun 1 2006	Horrible!! (is there any rating lower than 1-star?)	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in May. On our third night in the hotel, we were robbed!! They took all of my husband's clothes, my costume jewelry, cash and even my husband's spectacles!!??Our story is similar to the traveller from Portugal who was also robbed in this hotel. There was also no signs of a forced entry into our room and the thief/thieves did a very neat job. We didn't even realise that we were robbed until about 10 minutes after we entered the room as our bags were put back nicely in its original place. When we lodged a complaint with the hotel, the guy at the reception had the audacity to tell us that this was the first time that such an incident has ever occured in this hotel! When we shared this with the police, they told us that this was definitely not the first time. In fact, the policewoman who came to collect evidence told us that it was her 6th time attending to the same incident at the same hotel in the span of 6 months!! BTW, our room was not the only one which was broken into that night, the room next to ours was also broken into. And of course, the hotel DID NOT compensate us for our losses and claimed no liability whatsoever for the theft of our belongings which occured in their hotel.And yes, the rooms are very,very small but this was something which was not such a big deal for us. However, the LACK OF SECURITY is a major concern and for those who are considering to stay there, do so at your own risk.As for us, this incident really spoilt our first trip to the UK. Thank god, we changed hotels for the remaining of our trip which was definitely much better than this one. Never again would we stay in this hotel even if it was the last standing one in London!!	
May 30 2006 	Possibly the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in.	Think my title says it all even after 15+ years of weekly hotel visits... Easy to fall into the trap of booking this one; it looks quite grand on the exterior pictures with a plush reception area, good location for Paddington and its links.....but the rest is truely awful.OK, you expect a small room in London for this money, but the basement offering I received was ridiculous (to open the cupboard door you had to move the TV and table out of the way, to get space to do this, you had to try and move the bed, but there was no space to do so!). Furthermore, the bed was uncomfortable, the bed linen tatty and the noise from the underground unbearable.The staff were surly and much perferred to talk to each other than the guests. The breakfast was basically non-existant (there were no available tables, no clean crockery a choice of croissants and apple juice full stop!NEVER again for me, please beware!!!	
May 28 2006	good and clean hotel for the money	stayed here for the heineken cup in cardiff myself and 3 other guys.was delighted with this hotel, very clean, towels changed every day and clean sheets put on beds, stayed for 2 nights, got a front room quad ensuite for 80 euros each for the 2 night thats not bad for london.5 minute walk to paddington station,will stay here again when in london,arrived early put bags in baggage room no problems staff nice.eamonn, ireland	
May 2 2006	You get what you pay for.	Like the reviewer from Manhattan my wife and I stayed at the Royal Eagle as part of a package from British Airways. The hotel is easily accessible from Paddington station and, hence, the Heathrow Express, the Underground and bus connections to the West End. We found the staff helpful, the room clean and the breakfast adequate. The rooms were very small with very limited storage space but were clean and the beds were comfortable. On our first night we were disturbed by a noisy stairway which appeared to be the access and egress routes for the staff. We were able to change for a quieter room for the two remaining nights with no difficulty. All in all the hotel was adequate though we would probably not choose to stay there again, especially outside a package deal. On this occasion, however, the British Airways package ( Montreal to Heathrow return and three nights stay in London at a base price of 500 $ CA per head) was a bargain. We got what we paid for.	
May 1 2006	Robbed in the Hotel!!!	I have just returned from a 5 day stay in this hotel. My trip to London was very complicated, because I had lots of complications with the flights, my baggage was lost and I arrived in London 5 hours later than expected.... very tired, as you can imagine. I checked in the hotel at 9 pm and a few minutes later I went down to get something to dinner. I probably was away for 1 hour or so. When I returned, about 10.30 pm, more or less, I discouvered that I had been robbed!!! Someone broke into my room and stole everything I had there - mobile phones, cameras, mp3 players, money, you name it!!!! I has absolutelly surprised with this situation... I'm used to travelling all over the world and nothing like this had ever happened to me. The door was not forced in any way, so my guess is that someone used the key of the room to get in - I believe that this was a job from someone inside the hotel. I reported this to the staff that was on that night, but they didn't seem much concerned about what happened - they only said that &quot;It never happened before, it was the first time, and so on&quot;. Little did they do to help me. I called the police, they finger-printed the place, but they got no usable prints... Nedless to say I didn't recover any of the goods and the hotel took no responsibility whatsoever.Besides that, the hotel itself is lousy, the rooms are very small, the staff is non-cooperative and even the breakfast is nothing special.Please avoid this hotel!C. S.	
Apr 19 2006	Not a terrible place	I read these reviews before I stayed at the Royal Eagle (as a part of a package deal from British Airways) and got pretty nervous. However, when we got to the hotel, it wasn't terrible. The location is very convenient and close to Paddington station. The receptionist was polite and helpful. The room was small but I'm from Manhattan, and I've seen people who LIVE in studio apartments of this size. Everything was very clean, no dust to be seen. The bathroom was cramped and it was a little tricky to maneuver around the shower, but it wasn't the most horrible thing ever. There was plenty of hot water. If I do have any real complaints, it is the noise from the street and the tube. It got pretty noisy when we were trying to sleep. Also, the tv was a little spastic. The breakfast was simple, but with the food prices in London (10 US dollars for a cappucino and small muffin???), we were happy to eat a &quot;free&quot; meal and save some money. It was just cereal, pastries, toast. We weren't really impressed by the food in London in general so whatever. The bottom line is, the hotel has a lot of complainers but it really is not that bad.	
Apr 4 2006	ok for the cost	why all the fuss about this hotel yes it has faults the rooms are small and the staff could do with a lesson in custmoer service skills.but on the plus side the beds are comfatable the showers etc work fine and both the hotel lobby and hotel room and bathroom are very clean with plenty of fresh towles to use.as for people complaning about the breakfast i dont know about on there booking but certailnly on mine it cleary stated it was continatal and i thought that coisantants,toast,cearals,pastys,tea,coffe,apple juice,orange juice and a selcetion of jams etc was more than adeqaute.if you want to spoil someone or splash out on luxorys then dont use this hotel but if you want a very clean funtional place to stay in a good location and are on a budget you could do worse than here belive me i have stayed in much much worse and for more money(if u use last minute.com you can get this hotel for £45 for two people including breakfast.	
Mar 6 2006	Avoid	It's funny to arrive in London (from the Cotswolds) and feel like you've travelled all the way to Spain.I'm sure that when I approached the reception desk I was asked &quot;hablas espagnol&quot;, not joking.Anyway, as others have alluded to, lovely building, grand entrance, and a load of rubbish within. Our room was cramped, and facilities non-existent. Clean bedding (well, apart from top cover) and towels was therefore a bonus.I got a cheap package deal that included theatre tickets to stay here. My advice would be, spend a bit extra on your trip and stay somewhere else.	
Feb 18 2006	Hotel Unpleasantos	On arrival the hotel looks fairly impressive, with the mable floors and pillars, once inside the true picture appears. On approaching the reception desk the receptionist turned her back on us and began to speak Spanish to another member of staff, She then picked up the phone without even giving a greeting or acknowledgement.Eventually we were able to get her attention and a key to store our luggage as the rooms were not available until after 1pm.We took a tube train from the near by Lancaster Gate Station and returned a few hours later.On entering our room the first thing I noticed was that it was tiny. with just enough space to sideways walk between the bed and the wall.On opening the wardrobe it was found to contain three hangers on the left side, on opening the right side of the wardrobe it was found to contain a wall.There were two bedside tables with tiny drawers in them and a dressing table will a 12&quot; clearance to the foot of the bed. Thrust underneath was a chair that had to be extracted to be able to pass the bottom of the bed. We tried to open the the drawers only to find they were glued shut. Therefore we had little room to store our clothes.A visit to the bathroom then posed a different problem, one had to limbo under the sink to be able to sit on the toilet and limbo back out to extract yourself.There were no refreshment facilities, nor glasses to get a drink of water from the tap in the bathroom.Feeling cramped I exited the room and took a stroll to the Bar...... only to find it was closed and remained so throughout the day and night, due to the staff saying that they did not have a licence.My relatives had problems with their room also, initially they were given a room that contained a put up bed, a spiral staircase up to nowhere and no wardrobe. They complained and were moved to another room whereby the double bed was pushed against the window wall, therfore no clear access to this side of the bed. They also encountered a problem with a nearby room window being left unlocked and banging against its frame throughout the night.Our visit to London was pleasant but we arrived back at the hotel in the early hours of the morning, only to be woken by room service banging on the door at 9am to service a room which we were not due out of until 11am.The continental breakfast was toast, croissants and cereal all of which was self service, the coffee was disgusting and the tea non-exisitant. As were the manners of the staff who continually glared at us as we tried to digest our food.On check out, no manners was again the tip of the day from the staff, who took the money and seemed eager to get rid of us. The feeling was mutual. I would not stay in this hotel again and feel the staff were rude and ignorant.	
Feb 17 2006	Small but OK	I stayed here with my girlfriend in Feb 2006 for 3 nights. For the price we paid the room was ok, though a little small, as there wasn't really anywhere to store the one case we had. The bathroom was functional, tho very small (having to negotiate past the basin for use of the toilet). The breakfast is OK... certainly not best, but for us it was sufficient to start the day with toast, cereal and juice and coffee. Have to agree though that the breakfast room was a little cool! The staff seemed good, though I was adressed in Spanish first which was a little bizarre. We didn't feel the shakes of the tube line as we had a room on an upper floor, so try asking for one there. Overall, being close to Paddington Station and the transport there, and also Hyde Park and Bayswater areas this hotel is OK for the price. If you don't want to pay big money, and don't expect more than an functional room to sleep in then this is an ok hotel.	
Jan 28 2006	The Worst Hotel	First of all I would like to say that I am an experienced traveller. I have travelled all over Europe, Asia, Indonesia etc. I am used to the different level of services in hotels and am not one to complain unless I am pushed to the limit. The Royal Eagle Hotel in London takes the cake! When my husband and I arrived after a long journey we were given a room with shower. We had reserved one with a bath. There was no problem with changing the room but there was with the hot water. It was the middle of the afternoon and there was only cold coming out of both taps. Remember this is the middle of January and you want hot water. When we informed the front desk they said that we probably weren't turning the taps properly. They sent up a maintenance man to look at it. He played around with the taps for a while and then he went to check on the boiler. I suspect they turn the hot water off during the day because ten minutes later I had hot water. But when my husband tried to have a shower after mine the water was cold again. Then there was the problem with the heat. There was none. We froze during the night and again in the morning no hot water. The breakfast that we were promised (fruit, yogurt, pastries etc.) consisted of day old baked goods, and cereal. Guests were lined up waiting for coffee and several of the cups had cracks in them. The breakfast room was freezing! Many people were complaining. When we returned to our room after breakfast there was a huge puddle of water on the floor coming from the light fixture above. My husband went downstairs to tell reception and they just shrugged as if it happens all the time. When we informed reception that we were checking out early and not staying the extra night they wanted to charge us. That is until I stated loudly in the lobby that this hotel does not have hot water, heat and the ceiling is going to fall in our room. Our bill was quickly processed (although I begrudge even paying for one night) and we went on to a lovely hotel a few blocks away. The Caring Hotel.	
Jan 27 2006 	hotel rattles rooms are small	The train rattles the doors, everything (bed, rooms, bathroom, corridors) is cramped and the shower is poor. This is a dreadful hotel. Serves the worst coffee I've ever tasted. There are far better hotels in this area of London.	
Dec 29 2005	Not that bad	My husband and I stayed here in early December 2005. I was nervous due to the reviews I had read here, but I had already purchased the trip through British Airways so we were stuck. We were pleasantly surprised by the staff and the rooms. The staff was friendly and helpful with any of our questions. The room was small, but clean and ok. The room was serviced everyday (I've stayed places where this isn't the case). We stayed on the 3rd floor and could occasionally feel the tube traveling under the hotel, but we might not have noticed if we hadn't read the reviews regarding the hotel shaking. I guess our biggest grip was the bathroom shower. It didn't really work and sprayed water everywhere. We took baths and left the shower alone.Breakfast left something to be desired. The breakfast room was hot and crowded and was mainly toast, cereal, and croissants. We decided to skip it most mornings and get a pastie from a local bakery.The location was excellent. Close to Paddington and several tube stations. Across from Kensington Park. Easy access all over London. Many restaurants and bars near by.We have stayed in much worse hotels and spent more money for them. I would stay here again, but then we are not that picky when it comes to hotel rooms when we are touring. We were seldom in the room and only there to sleep.	
Sep 27 2005 	shaken!	I have stayed 4 nights, but everynight tube's shake woke me up. Single room was so much small enough I felt I became claustrophobia. There was no door between the space with sink and shower (chilly!!)Good location from the Paddington Station, but the staffs were not friendly when I reconfirmed by phone as well as when I checked-in.	
Sep 6 2005	Cheap Hotel but No Smiley Staff :(	We arrived quite late on a Friday night - to start with, we were a bit miffed as we had specifically asked for a parking space and were promised one - however there were no spaces left. Dont be fooled by the &quot;open air parking facilities&quot; they advertise - there is 118 rooms and only 5 spaces - you do the maths!!!. Checking in was a bit of a nightmare as we had 2 rooms booked and they couldnt get their heads round it, there wasnt an english staff member in sight. All in all the staff werent brilliant, not very helpful and the breakfast room staff didnt smile once.The rooms however were great!! Very very clean and bright. Not very big but what do you use a room for but sleeping in! Safety deposit box, tv, hairdryer and internet were all included. There was no kettle - but they dont advertise one. Bathroom was compact but clean and had all facilities. We were on the 4th floor and it was extremely quiet - you wouldnt think you were in the centre of London. Parents room on the 2nd floor had some tube noise but it wasnt excessive.Breakfast was ok, but continental not cooked so basically toast, cereals, pastries and croissants. Coffee was NEVER piping hot but it was drinkable. Easy access to anywhere in London via paddington underground station.So, hotel was great, location was great - the big downer was the unhelpfulness of the staff and the poor choice for breakfast and the lack of a room kettle as I like my morning coffee HOT. This unfortunately was enough to put me off staying there again - however what did I expect when I paid only £25pp per night!! I would be happy to pay a bit more and stay somewhere a lot nicer!!Joanna (age 24)	
Aug 18 2005	No luxury prices so don't expect luxury	My sister and I stayed at the Royal Eagle at the end of May 2005 (before the bombs).........First the postive points!...We found the rooms to be very clean which is important to us. Lobby is very nice and we were allowed to check in early. Breakfast was not bad ( typical of what we have found in free-breakfast hotels in other European cities)Hotel is close to tube and bus stops. Negatives include the following: really small rooms and narrow halls, the bar was never open (it is supposedly being remodeled....don't beleive it), pay computer in the lobby was often out of service (we like to e mail home). The thing that bothered me most was that there seemed to be a problem with the electrical system. In the lobby you could see where wall-hung light fixtures had been removed leaving sooty spots on the wall caused by wires overheating or catching on fire. One afternoon the fire alarm sounded and another guest asked one of the employees at the desk what those spots were caused by and got no answer. The next morning workmen were busy repainting the lobby to cover the spots And even though the fire alarm went off no fire truck ever came which I guess means that the fire dept. was not called. KIND OF SCARY! The noise from the tube did not bother us because we were on the third floor. One day during our stay it ws 91 degrees in London and it surely would have been nice to have had at least a fan. But I noticed that the people in the aprtments across the street had not only opened their windows from the bottom, but also from the top. I did likewise and it really helped by causing the air to circulate better in and out of the room. Would I go back? Probably not.	
Jul 27 2005	nOT AS BAD AS SOMEONE EXPLAIN	We arrived before the check in time and the room was ready.The Staff was always helpfull and able to give some good explanations of the city center, tour or whatever.Is incredible clean and Is easy to see that a good refurbishing was done some time ago. All the rooms have wooden floor instead of carpet!!!. The bathroom was a bit small but practic ( in london all hotels are smaller than in other countries)I did my reservation having a a look to the reviews of VENERE and I realized that has lots of good reviews.I went with my family and we spent a really nice time.	
Jul 19 2005	Adequate	The two things I care most about in a hotel are cleanliness and location. The hotel scores high here. My room was very clean. The bathroom was spotless and my bedclothes, despite what is written elsewhere in some reviews, were clean. The floor of my room was new hardwood and a little slippery, but it, too, was clean. The hotel is a two block jaunt to Paddington, which was excellent for me since I needed the Heathrow Express. Where the hotel scores low for me is size and staff. Despite its cleanliness, the room and the bathroom were the size of a sardine can. I barely had room for me and my suitcase. Like many older places in Europe, there's no air conditioning either. I imagine that 6 days out of 7, you never need it in London, but the three days I was there were really warm. Luckily I was only in my room during the day briefly. At night, with the window open, it was nice and cool, if a little noisy before midnight.The staff is not especially helpful and the hotel has a ridiculous key policy. You have to leave your key at the desk when you go out and use a key pass to get it when you come back. It's a minor inconvience overall, but one that shouldn't exist at all. For the price, I expected a slightly larger room and some air conditioning, but if you're not looking to spend three digits on a London hotel room, I doubt you can do much better than this place.	
Apr 19 2005	Bedbugs	I just return from london and staying at the royal hotel which was horrible for myself and kids. I beleived that we could of done bettter for the same price or less. All of the reviews on this website is absolutely true, before I booked this hotel I search and read every review possible however, I felt like most poeple try it . On my first day of arrival should of been a sign but I felt I was in a different country let it slide. My reservation could not be found even though I had called a day before to confirm, I ask for a change of room but was told that the hotel was full, my phone did not not work my entire stay and the front desk clerks do not know what is customer service or customer care. You have more space to move about on a cruise ship, lobby smokey, breakfast?, getting messages, water unjustable in bathroom, could not flush toilet until a delay, the bar was never open for the week of our stay, I tried to stay at the other hotel close by but there were all booked. All these problems I had during my stay but the BEDBUGS top it off. I showed managment and was given discount off my room I would never stay at ROYAL EAGLE Hotel located at 26-30 Craven Road London W2QB	
Apr 13 2005	Barely OK	We had 2 rooms at this hotel which looks nice from the outside. The rooms were very small compared to the others we had stayed in in similar locations. The whole place smelt of cigarettes . There was insufficient room for all guests wanting beakfast to be accommodated,and this persisted for the hour or so we waited. The tube stopped at midnight and really wasn't a problem, it was the water leaking through to light fitting that was the worst. It needs a dramatic upgrade.	
Apr 8 2005	the eagle crash landed	One would have to say that checking out was a relief, and this seemed to be an experience enjoyed by others also. Travelling with a baby we were hoping for a convenient and relaxing few nights in London, sadly it was not to be. The room was small and hard to access with a pram (tiny lifts, narrow doors). Our room did not have a bath and we had to get the shower unblocked to stop it overflowing. The hotel did not have a highchair and was very basic (no tea and coffee making facilities or fridge, one chair and one glass in a double room), not to mention the rumble of the Tube at regular intervals. The bar was closed for renovations and the restaurant - which would have been very handy for us in the evening with the baby - was restricted to breakfast only (very crowded and chaotic queuing). We felt we paid a lot for very little.	
Mar 24 2005	Not too great	My daughter and I just came back from a trip to Europe. One of our motels was in London, England. It was the Royal Eagle.The night staff was not friendly at all, and didn't speak good English...sometimes could not understand what we needed. We asked them to call us a cab one morning, and instead of calling the standard black cabs that have reasonable rates, he called a cab driven by someone of his same race who charged us 7 pounds for about 2 blocks. (when we called for the cab we didn't realize how close we were to where we needed to go)...I found bugs in the room. The first night I wasn't too concerned. I wasn't sure what they were. I thought they were roaches. I'm from TX and have seen roaches before, and I'm not intimidated by them! The next night I saw more. The last night we were there, there were little tiny bugs (looked just like the other ones)....I truly think they were bed bugs. We left the next morning, and I told the desk clerk about them. He interrogated me as to when we knew about them, etc. I told him we noticed them the first night, and he said we should have told them then. TRUE, but we were always gone all day, and didn't like the idea of a stranger (exterminator -- IF they would have sent one in) being in our room with all our stuff. He acted rudely, and I told him, &quot;We are not asking for any compensation, I'm just letting you know.&quot; He couldn't have cared less. Their restaurant was advertised to be open for breakfast (free) and dinner, and was only open for breakfast. We never ate there, thinking that there were probably bugs in the kitchen also. The motel inside is pretty, the rooms are nice-looking, but very small....the main thing is the bugs.	
Mar 17 2005	Not all that Bad	I stayed here Feb 26- March 6th and booked trip through British Airways. Knew in advance the rooms were going to be tiny (the all are in Europe) and heard about the possible Tube noise, so we requested a top floor room. Stayed on the 4th floor, and while you could hear the tube every once in a while, it wasn't any more distracting than noise you would hear staying in any city hotel. Our room did not shake, and although the walls were thin and we could hear our friends in the room next door, it wasn't that bad. The rooms were VERY clean.The shower wasn't the best and water did spray all over the place, but stick the shower curtain to the wall and the water should all stay inside. We also put the chair in the tiny closet to give us a little more room. Good location, a few blocks from Paddington Station, lots of restrauants in the area as well. I would stay here again. You don't spend that much time in your hotel room anyway!!	
Mar 16 2005	Royal Eagle not so royal	We spent 6 days at the Royal Eagle starting on March 16, 2005. The front desk staff doesnot speak English fluently, but they try--Italian and Spanish would be helpful. The location was great, near Paddington Station and a short walk to Hyde Park. The breakfast was bread and coffee and cold cereal. We had no hot water in our room, and the staff kept arguing that we were not turning the handle right (!) They finally gave us another room after three days. The new room was great, with a good view--ask for a room upstairs, as the downstairs rooms are like cells with no windows. For the price, it was ok, but I would look for a better one at the same price if possible.	
Mar 13 2005	Great trip to London!	I and two friends of mine decided to go see what London has to offer. We chose to organize our trip ourselves. Flights were the easiest part to arrange, after that came the question of which hotel to book. After going through numerous options and various online booking services, we came to the conclusion that we'd just have to take our chances as all hotels seemed to have their fair share of good and bad reviews. As the Royal Eagle Hotel seemed to be located in a nice area close to the tube and a walking distance from Marble Arch and Oxford street, we decided to give it a go. The night of our arrival we congratulated ourselves for having made a good choice. We stayed at the Royal Eagle Hotel five nights (February 8-13, 2005) in a triple room for 402£. The room was clean, warm and big enough for the three of us. The hotel breakfast was sufficient and staff helpful. Our room was located on the upper floors and therefore we didn't have any problems with the tube noise some other reviewers have pointed out. There was some traffic noise but it didn't bother any one of us enough to keep us awake. In addition, the Bayswater area was very pleasant and it was very easy to get around by tube (Paddington station entrance &lt;1 minute walk from the hotel) as well as by foot (walked to Marble Arch about 15-20 minutes). All in all, this hotel was a good choice for us and definitely a place to stay the next time we visit London!	
Mar 13 2005	Worst Ever	My husband and I stayed at the Royal Eagle the first week in March 2005 and we are just returning. I must say I checked the ratings before going and I read a couple of good reviews on the hotel so I thought we would go ahead and try it. It was part of package from British Airways. This was the smallest hotel I had ever been it. The elevator could only accomodate two people. The bath facilities were a big problem, the shower sprayed water from six feet up all over the bathroom( no bath tub at all). The shower was not adjustable and impossible to use. You could not flush the commode without special pumping before hand. The walls were paper thin.therefore you hear the noise outside, the tube vibrations, and the noise from within the hotel was mind numbing. Continental breakfast (served in the basement) consisted of rice krispies, corn flakes ,bran flakes, bread, coffee and tea. A toaster on the table with the bread was the limit of assistance from the staff. No fruit or fruit juice. The Italian staff was not helpful in any way. Two people could barely move around the hotel room at the same time. The room is so small you can only get in the bed on one side of the bed. This hotel is more of a hostel. It is definitely a two star hotel in my opinion. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that it is clean.	
Mar 5 2005	Not As Bad As Others Are Saying.	Location was good and it was our first time staying in the Paddington Area. We experienced none of the tube noise mentioned by others, however we were on the fifth floor. Room was small but isn't every room in London on the smallish side? our only problem awas a shower head that was very temperamental. Breakfast was decent. Not the best hotel we have had in London, but far from a horror story.	
Mar 1 2005	Ok	I booked this hotel through British Airways. Basically, it is a typical European hotel. The rooms and bathrooms are small and the hallways are narrow. However, the floors and bedding are recently redone so it is very clean. If you can get the fifth floor do so. The rooms are larger. I paid $86/night and would not recommend paying over $90 for this hotel. The location is very good.	
Feb 16 2005	Worst hotel ever	Problems--In August, 90 deg. F. I can understand no a/c but no fans? -Room was big enough for the bed and walking space from the door only.-Street noise on the basement floor was horrible. The windows did not lock securely.-Had to pass through laundrey/utility areas to get to room.-Room was right above tube line. Room shook violently every 3-5 minutes.-I paid 120 pounds for all this. When I asked for a comment card, customer survey card, satisfaction form, someone to talk to, they pretended not to know what I was talking about. I am sure not every experience will be quite as bad as mine but I really feel this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, including youth hostels. I do not enjoy writing bad things about hotels, I just feel I should warn others.	
Feb 14 2005	Worst hotel we ever stayed in	Though we reserved a room with a double bed weeks in advance, we got twin beds in a tiny room next to the elevator. We asked to change and moved to a room on the first floor that was quiet but: the sink was about 65 cm from the floor with a shelf directly over it and my husband almost had to get on his knees to shave, the shower was ridiculous and the drain was clogged and the toilet was nearly impossible to flush. We moved rooms again the next day and finally got a double bed once again next to the elevator. Don't even mention the noise from the tube or subway going under the hotel. In the morning there were lines of people waiting to have breakfast and we chose to eat out. In 4 days we moved rooms 3 times and gave up trying new rooms. We were exausted!	
Jan 17 2005	Small but decent	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in January 2003. The rooms were very small (almost cramped) and we had trouble getting hot water out of the shower. The TV is very small and has only about 7 channels (but who really watches it?).The hotel was extremely clean - there always seemed to be someone cleaning rooms and vacuuming the common areas.Breakwast was decent - standard continental and the staff always seemed to keep everything refilled in a timely manner.Royal Eagle was about one block away from another hotel where we bought our tours, and the tube is nearby (very convenient).It was a decent experience.	
Jan 6 2005	Not recommended	I would not recommend this hotel. The only good thing about the hotel was location which i find very convenient as it was very close to the Peddington station. That was it though. We had tripple room and when we came in our room we realised that room is so tiny only one of us was able to open the suicase at the time. We also had dirty sheets on the bed, the bathroom doors could not be closed because they were broken and the shower was also dirty. We did get another room after complaining which was a bit better but still not what we expected. The staff wasn't kind and breakfast was a joke. As somebody already mentioned here it is also true that the whole place shakes every two minutes from the tube trains running underneath which is a bit annoying but you get use to it after a day or two. All in all I say rather try and find better place elsewhere.	
Dec 8 2004	Great stay for the price	My wife and I stayed in this hotel over the 2004 Thanksgiving weekend. I was dreading the stay after reading several of the reviews on this site. To my great surprise, our room was large, for the price, and very quiet. We were on the 5th floor in the back. We particularly liked the location near Paddington Station and in easy walking (or bus/tube) distance of most of the places we wanted to visit. Given the weakness of the US$, we felt that this was an excellent deal--specially since a friend stayed at the Marlybone Ramada at the same time and the room was much smaller, cold, noisy and cost more. The Royal Eagle breakfast is minimal--bread, croissants, and cereal but quite adequate--and much better than the &quot;English breakfasts&quot; with bangers and baked beans at many other reasonably priced hotels in the area. We found the Italian staff to be responsive and helpful. We would stay there again--specially given the cost of London accomodations.	
Nov 9 2004	Small but friendly	My sister and I stayed at this Hotel in March 2004. Our room was small, but we didn't expect a large room got a great deal at Virgin Vacations. The staff was friendly and allowed us to check in early. we were greatful after a sleepless night from Newark Intl. Our room was on 2nd floor facing the street, it was pretty quiet most of the time.. except for the occasional French Schoolgroup singing with spirit we barley heard any noise from the street.. Could not beat the locale took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and only 1 and 1/2 blocks we were there..this was my first trip to London and although it was not the Ritz it was a comforatble affordable stay....	
Aug 25 2004	Marginal accomodations 	Have been to London over 20 times and, except for convenient location close to Paddington and Heathrow Express there's no reason to stay here. Rooms are TINY, even for London. Acceptable cleanliness, below average breakfast, Italian owned &amp; Italian staff not particularly friendly. Get a room in back, otherwise noise level would be intolerable.	
Aug 11 2004	This is London?	My mother and I spent three nights with Royal Eagle in July, 2004. Really rough stay. It is on a busy road with busses and taxis all night. Additionally, they have an elevator we mistook for an earthquake, it was so loud and shook the building. We weren't even near the main elevators, so it may have been a freight elevator or something, but it was loud and ran all night.It was unseasonably hot, so I can't blame them for that, but they did not have air conditioning or even fans, so we had to leave the window open to the noise and diesel smell. Then, there was the drunken fighting crying Swedes next door at 3am.Oh, and breakfast was something of a joke. I tried complaining the last night as we were hot and exhausted after two sleepless nights, but we were not moved, and were not in any other way accomodated. Staff was rather cold and unhelpful.In spite of cost, I would try to stay elsewhere next time.	
Jul 7 2004	Better than Average Economy Hotel	We stayed at the Royal Eagle in October of 2003. Not only a great value, but a very nice hotel. Clean, roomy, nice staff. Huge bathroom for this class of hotel. Breakfast room needed more seating. Walls were a little thin for noisey neighbors. Most convenient for Paddington Station (one block away), tube anywhere in the city, trains to Oxford, Windsor, and Heathrow. We will stay there again.	
Mar 31 2004	Royal Eagle: Better than expected	After reading the reviews posted on TripAdvisor, we were looking forward to our stay at the Royal Eagle with some trepidation. We were booked there through Go-Today.com as part of their London, Paris special. When we got there, we found the elevators small, which we expected, but bright with shining clean mirrors. Both of us could go up at once with our luggage. We asked for a room on the upper level because we were concerned about the level of noise and &quot;tube trembling&quot; that we had read about. The room was small with 2 single beds and a wardrobe for hanging clothes in. It was very clean and the bathroom with a small shower stall looked like it had just been redone. At night we could barely hear the &quot;tube&quot; rumbling underneath, so being on the lower floors probably would be noisy. The breakfast was very basic: juice, coffee, tea, 3 kinds of cereal and a toaster where you could toast either white or brown bread. There was also small packets of jam. They had a carafe of hot milk for your coffee, which I thought was nice. However like the Carribean, there were no face cloths provided, so next time, I will pack some old ones and throw them out when we leave. It was hard to adjust to showering without them. There was a safe in the room, where we wanted to store our passports etc., but it was locked and we could not open it. The people at the desk said they would be up to open it, but in the 3 days we were there, they didn't make it up. I would go again to the Royal Eagle. If we had to pay the prices at the Hilton etc., we would not have been able to go. With those prices we were able to have the experience of seeing London. Be sure to take an umbrella if you go.	
Jan 30 2004	Noise and disturbance	The hotel is satisfactory, and a good pair of earplugs will get your through. The windows do not block any street noise and there is tube trembling, but you will sleep fine with earplugs. The source of frustration for me was the staff. They begin work early in the morning, one morning they seemed to be throwing furniture in the room above mine from 5am on. Housekeeping and workmen start knocking on doors early and they make no efforts to be quiet. They also seem to disregard the Do Not Disturb sign. Despite the sign, I was bothered morning after morning with mutliple knocks and shouts. I even looked up sleepily a few times to see heads actually poking in. There is no way to lock the door to prevent someone from coming in with a key and I felt very uncomfortable that someone could, and often did, come in at any time. The lack of respect of the Do Not Disturb sign was infuriating, and very rarely did anyone understand English, making it impossible to communicate. Reception was nice, but also not strong in the English language and as such, not a good resource for suggestions on what to do in the area. When asked for a city map, we received an ashtray. If you are an early-riser, you will have no problems with this hotel. If you ever sleep in, you will find yourself frustrated and angry. The number of disturbances is excessive. I think the hotel is quickly falling apart and they are constantly patching it back together--our first room water flooded from above soaking the carpet; the second room the TV cable was dangerously patched and the safe and shower head did not work properly. So, you never know when you'll get a loud knock on your door and someone wanting to fix something while you're still in bed.	
Jan 13 2004	Good value for budget price		
Jan 4 2004	A Nightmare		
May 15 2003	Not recommended		
May 14 2003	Great Location		
Oct 15 2009 	Buen hotel para descansar de los paseos por londres.		
Oct 4 2009 	Parfait		
Aug 19 2009 	Alla larga da questo hotel!!!!		
Jul 14 2009 	pensavo peggio.... invece		
Jul 14 2009 	Típico hotel de londres. Caro para lo poco que ofrecen		
Jun 17 2009 	Vayan a otro hotel!!!		
Jun 5 2009 	für den Preis ok!		
Jun 2 2009 	buon rapporto qualita’ prezzo!!ottima posizione!		
May 9 2009 	jamais plus jamais		
May 9 2009 	J'éviterai		
Apr 11 2009 	Très bon choix		
Apr 1 2009	Agréable		
Feb 28 2009 	Bien situé calme et personnel sympa		
Jan 22 2009	con cicatrices en el cuerpo por culpa del royal agle hotel		
Nov 22 2008 	Hotel bastante cutre y veijo		
Nov 7 2008 	Dias en Londres		
Oct 1 2008 	Hôtel tout a fait convenable		
Sep 21 2008 	Buena Elección		
Aug 25 2008 	Bueno no está tan mal		
Jul 27 2008 	habitación triple		
Jul 10 2008	Assolutamente sconsigliato		
Apr 21 2008 	Céntrico y pasable		
Apr 18 2008	Repetible en mi próximo viaje a Londres		
Dec 30 2007 	Hôtel avec chambres petites		
Dec 6 2007 	volvería a este hotel		
Aug 2 2007 	Robos en las habitaciones del hotel Royal Eagle de Londres		
Jul 30 2007 	Non male credevo peggio		
May 24 2007 	Hotel más que aceptable		
Nov 2 2006 	Non male ma...		
Sep 5 2006 	Hotel coqueto con personal español		
