Nov 22 2009 	Destroyed honeymoon	Just arrived back home from a stay at the Henry VIII hotel. WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!! A four star hotell that should be ripped of it's stars. We contacted the reception when it turned out that our room didn't have any water. My husband were asked if he really needed a shower on our stay..... HELLO????? After a promise to fix the problem during the day, we returned to the hotell in the afternoon to be told that we lied and that our room had water. We went upstairs - and NO no water at all. After some discussing we were offered to shower in another room, but we would have to return the key as soon as we vere finished showering..... My husband went down to the reception to find out what their plan was to get water in our room - NO PLAN - but another offer to use the toilet facilities in the basement. With me pregnant needing to use the toilet during the night, this was not satisfactory!!!! We kept the key to the second room. When attempting to go into this room later that night to use the facilities the reception had closed the key. So, back againg to the reception where we were accompanied to our room by hosekeeping. The lady tried the shower and sink - no water. She told us there was nothing she could do and she left. We left the hotell to go to the toilett at a cafe near by. The next morning we checked out as soon as possible and left for the airport. We were not offered any excuse or money refund for the poooooor service. NOT RECOMENDED AT ALL - TAKE AWAY THE STARS!!!! Our honeymoon was destroyed by this hotell and their staff - which could not have been attending any hotell training at all!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	No complaints- but not 4*	Booked through Lastminute.com to see a show. Package included 1 night stay + breakfast + full use of hotel. 2 people, twin rm.(317). 2:00 check -in but if rm available can get in earlier. There is a luggage rm in the mean time if you need to leave it and come back. The hotel is in Bayswater area. Hyde Park is virtually across the road for a nice walk in the park.On arrival we were very well welcomed- room was changed from a double to twin -no problem -given all information needed for hotel -very pleasant + efficient receptionist . Rm was little small but suited our needs for overnight - very clean -carpet on floor was worn and stained- (but clean) looked like from teabags or spilling/ missing the bin - bathroom very nice, very clean, lovely hot shower good temperature control + toiletries provided. Kettle and good supply of tea/coffee to make in room. The beds were very comfortable and nice and clean.We made use of the swimming pool very acceptable- good supply of towels and changing facilities - no one else was in it so we had it to ourselves then went back to room to rest and get ready to go out to evening show. Hotel was nicely situated we used Lancaster Gate underground could also use Queensgate. Our show was at Prince Edward Theatre(Old Compton Rd.). Just to say we could hear the underground trains - but this was not a problem for us-it was quite nice actually, but if you are noise sensitive then......Breakfast in the dining rm was very good selection and very helpful pleasant staff who kept everything tidy, topped up+all fresh.Overall we were delighted after having read some of the reviews submitted so far before we went and after having booked lastmin.Agreed it is not 4* but maybe because of the swimming pool it gets this rating. We did have a good package deal on lastmin. So if you were booking at normal rates you may consder this point. We would not have been happy to pay for it as a 4* normal rates.	
Oct 4 2009 	Horrendous - avoid at all costs.	Wish I'd read the reviews here before I booked. Worst 4-star hotel I have ever stayed at (how can it even be classed as a 4-star???) Rooms are acceptably clean but so tired and shabby there are stains on carpets. No air conditioning. Tiny 14&quot; TVs. Have to wrestle with bath curtain when taking a shower. Water temperature difficult to control. Bed mattress hard.Worst of all are the breakfasts. Never seen anything like them. Very little fruit choice. For tea you have to fill a cup with water and add your own tea bag. Coffee from a machine. Buffet breakfast consisted of mushrooms and rice - I kid you not!! They gave me a proper cooked breakfast when I made a fuss but it was very average.I rarely write reviews but people need to be warned about this dump.	
Oct 1 2009 	Was dreading it	Felt very depressed and unsure after reading previous reviews. Was pleasantly surprised. room was small but freshly decorated and clean. Good hot powerful shower... decent breakfast... staff helpful and pleasant....... Would stay again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Worst Hotel ever	I have never thought about writing a review but this hotel is so bad I had to warn others. The rooms are tiny and in poor condition. We had mould all over the walls in ours. The carpet in our room was disgustingly dirty. We ordered a taxi through reception and it cost us £25 to get to Oxford street. We hailed one on the way back and it cost us £10! It was pretty clear that the receptionist just called his mate and rips people off. The same member of staff also promised that our twin beds would be pushded together and made into a double but this never happened.	
Sep 6 2009 	Totally Awful	Completely amazed that this is classed as a 4 star hotel, i have stayed in better 2 stars ones. Our room was completely tiny, unbearably hot with no working air-con, a small fan wa sprovided, the view was the roof and an air conditioning unit. A small 14&quot;CRT with channels one to Four was your rooms entertainment. (Only 2 channels worked) you were given one small pillow and our sheets were very atined!! The staff were all very unhelpful and completely unable; to grasp basic English, Too many staff seated you for breakfast so whil you were collecting your food someone else had been seated at your tabel by the time you arrived back. The food was Awful, i have no idea why a full english breakfast on the first day contained, rubber eggs, bacon and mixed vegetables, only to become worse on the second morning by only being runner beans!!! (obviously last nights left overs) The only positive we found was the swimming pool which i have to say was clean although a little cold for a heated pool. I would never return and would encourage others to seek accomodation elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good hotel but not to the standard we would expect from a 4 star	The location of this hotel is good, close to tube stations and just 5 minutes walk from restaurants, shops and Kensington Gardens. However.....we were so very disappointed with the size of our room (number 002) and it was quite shabby, in desperate need of some redecoration and a new carpet (it was so small that if one of us wanted to walk around the room the other had to sit down on the bed because there was no room to pass). Breakfast was 'very average' but the wonderful Spanish staff did their very best to make you feel welcome. The Public areas are nice but the bar closes at 11pm so don't think you can go back to the hotel for a drink after after a day's sightseeing. Fabulous friendly staff but wouldn't stay here again........overpriced and over-rated.	
Aug 12 2009 	Sum it up in one word .... CRAP	Have used this hotel for many years as a business base. Will not be going back again. Standards have deteriorated severely.	
Aug 5 2009 	RUBBISH	Are you having a laugh, 4 Star. It was more like 1/2 star. From the outside I thought this looks nice, as soon as we stepped inside, I didn't hold out much hope. Our room was tiny, everything felt cramped. It was a good view though .........NOT, there office.Breakfast - £10 each, for ruff looking mushrooms, beans and eggs, which looked like they were yesterdays leftovers. So I was left with mild hard cheese and cheap salami. Do not stay in this hotel. £130 for 1 night - what a joke.	
Aug 4 2009 	unhospitable	we stayed at the hotel on saturday,I found the staff quite rude and indifferent,the hotel was ok,quite a walk from tube,around £4 in a cab.	
Jun 20 2009 	The Worst Hotel in the World - Bar none	Shameful utter shameful.My wife begged me to take her to this hotel as she had always wanted to stay there. What a mistake!Poor service from the receptionists (with a queue a people standing waiting a girl appeared and decided it was more important to answer the phone first). Our room key didn't work and I was forced to return to reception THREE times before they agreed to send someone up to have a look at the problem. Only one lift worked and when it finally arrived the cleaning woman next to me quickly pushed herself and her trolley into it leaving no room for me!Breakfast was shocking (rubber egg &amp; bacon - the website promised 'traditional English Breakfast') Staff unpleasant and rude - My wife complained that her cup was dirty and was told it was her own fault for putting it near a leaking coffee machine.Our room was like a matchbox and hot. It laughably contained an air -con unit with a sticker on it saying not ready for use yet!!Most staff were Spanish and incapable of understanding basic English (I'm a qualified English teacher so I'm used to communicating using simple English but even this was beyond most of them).We saw dozens of other people complaining during our stay. The manager (I presume he was this) told one unhappy guest that he was &quot;tired of this&quot; and then walked away. A French couple there at the same time were complaining that they had been forced to spend two nights in a single room!I filled out the feedback form at the end of our stay and asked to be contacted to discuss our complaint - of course we never heard anything. Perhaps I should have written in Spanish. Phillip of Spain would be a better name for this place. Save your cash and sleep in the gutter, it's better value for money.	
May 19 2009 	Not a four star.	We were sent to the Henry VIII from another hotel. The rooms are adequate but it was billed to us as a four star. Are we using a 10 star scale??? Woodwork and carpets show lots of wear and tear. The public areas are nice and the continental breakfast was filling, although the breakfast staff was late in opening the dining area. The reception staff was semi helpful = a few trainees manning the desk. I guess the overall problem I had was that we were promised a complimentary taxi from our first hotel but it didn't show up even after both hotel desks supposably ironed it all out. I am not impressed with the English hotel industry.	
May 18 2009 	Very disappointing	The room we stayed in, was propably the smallest room in the whole world and it was hidious!! The paint was peeling off the walls, A/C did not work, carpet was dirty as hell, bed was small and hard, tube rail was directly under the hotel and we woke up every now and then because of the noice, TV was very small and the picture was bad!I will never set my foot back in this hotel!	
May 17 2009 	Good value option	After reading a few of the negative reviews about HVIII, I was a bit apprehensive about my stay. Fortunately, there was nothing to worry about.Hotel is well ordered, and though the reception staff are pretty young, service was pleasant and friendly. Room was very clean and quiet (on 4th floor). As a female solo traveller, I felt perfectly at ease.One negative as expressed by others below - the rooms really are small. Also, were problems with lifts during my stay. Not sure why it has 4 star rating - maybe the swimming pool? That said, I thought this was good value for the price (I think some other reviewers fail to appreciate just how expensive proper swanky hotels in London can be....) If you can get a good internet rate, I would recommend staying here.	
May 6 2009	Impeccable service	My daughter and I chose the Henry VIII at random - but was not disappointed!!!! Service and cleanliness was impeccable, the hotel cosy and the staff nice. What else is there???? Not overly large rooms - but hey - what did you expect?? If you wanted something bigger, chose the Ritz .....	
Apr 17 2009 	dont visit!!!!	The hotel looked lovely on the booking website which was far from the truth, it looked nice and clean. Its not that the room attendants dont do a good job, they do the best they can with dirty cigarette burnt carpets, rotten bath panels and paint peeling ceilings and walls. The bedroom was like they had put us in a cupboard, two people trying to manouvre around such a small room was not easy, may have been a nice single room if cleaned up but definatly not a double room. The reception area was nicely decorated and clean, decieving to what you find when you enter your room. Would not stay there again!!!	
Apr 16 2009 	excellent hotel for price	I was thrilled with my hotel choice for the price. I was traveling as a single person so the twin room was small, but all that I needed. The room was clean and the hotel service was excellent. The tube is just 4 blocks away and the park and shopping is even closer. You can also walk to Notting Hill from here. The room had a closet, a safe, a hair dryer, space for my luggage, two large mirrors, and cable TV. The room and bathroom were clean and comfortable.	
Apr 2 2009 	Good choice...	I have to say that we stayed at the Henry VIII hotel before it had been upgraded to a 4* hotel.For London we got a bargain at just over £50 for the night last year in January. The first room we were allocated was very small and we were welcomed by an ash tray full of fag ends and a non working television ( It's a Non smoking hotel by the way! ) Anyway the receptionist was very helpul and moved us to a much larger room so we were very comfortable.We enjoyed the indooe swimming pool and were the only ones using it when we were there.Would stay again and recommend this hotel but I see that tafgter the renovations, the rates have nearly doubled for 2009	
Mar 24 2009	will go there again	Nice clean hotel in a nice neighbourhood with many place to eat. We had a great time there. Clean towels every day. People at the front desk were very friendlyNext time London we will stay here again.	
Dec 24 2008 	What a disappointment	my wife and i expected a four star experience, sadly we didnt get one. Here are our comments.1 The lift was broken. The receptionist described this as &quot; a slight problem&quot;. When you are on the fourth floor it isnt slight its major.2. We had decided, following a long journey, to have a drink in the bar only to be told that it didnt open for 5 hours!3 We spent an evening at the theatre and upon our return visited the desserted bar. I asked the bar person for a soda and orange only to be informed that we could only have drinks listed on the menu. This wasnt a cocktail! We climbed the four floors and went to bed.4I was looking forward to a filling breakfast but it may not surprise you to learn that I didnt get one.I gave my name and room number three times to the lady at the door who could neither understand me nor find our names on the list but showes us to a table. The cooked breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs, sausages and of course, peas, carrots and sweet corn! I challenge anyone to tell me of another hotel(not associated with this one) that offers peas, carrots and sweet corn for breakfast !It was at this point that we decided to beat a hasty retreat and left the hotel. We shall not be returning ever. We are regular visitors to London and have stayed in many four star hotels and this one has a long way to go in our opinion to live up to that billing.	
Dec 17 2008 	Full of Surprises	After reading some of the negative reviews (after my stay) I have to report that my stay was very much better than others . I booked for two nights and had no problems at all.The rooms are small but was clean and had all the facilities I needed. The location was fine with easy access to the local underground stations and Paddington Station. Locally there is a good choice of restaurants.Room service in the hotel was poor with limited hours and not much choice. The girl who deliverd the food seemed not to enjoy her job!On the 2nd night I tried the pool and sauna. This was excellent and I was surprised to find that the only other person in the pool was swimming naked. To my surprise I did the same and throughly enjoyed the experience.	
Oct 16 2008	Pokey little bolt hole	Tiny little hotel. AC did not work. We booked on the internet for 3 nights. It was obvious that because we had pre-paid they put us in the small corner rooms. They said all the rooms were like this, but I checked another room out that was being cleaned and it was much nicer with updated decor and more space. There was literaly 1ft all around the bed and the wall. Nowhere to put my suitcase, so I had to jam it behind the door. What can I say, I hate staying in hotels in London, and I got the typical tourist treatment. I would have checked out but I was feeling knackered and finding a hotel in London in the summer is a nightmare, so stayed. Stay if you want, but be prepared to be disapointed.	
Oct 14 2008 	scruffy	stayed here one night on a busines trip with work.it is not very central but very convienient to hyde park .the room itself, was tiny, like a cell, must be the smallest place i have stayed in!!!the towels were worn, frayed and washed out grey colour(they should have been white).the beds were uncomfy, and you are so near the rail line, every time a train goes by, the room physically shakes.it is noisey and the walls are so thin, i heard my neighbours snoring through the night.breakfast was not as descibed, the only hot things(well luke warm)were scrambled egg and undercooked bacon.the rest was continental and lots of cheeses and ham.would not stay here again, and this hotel ws not really really cheap either.i think what marks it up is its sauna and pool, altho did not use them while i was there.	
Oct 10 2008 	Nice hotel but cold breakfasts spoiled it	We stayed here for 2 nights. It was a nice hotel, rooms small but you expect that for London. It was clean &amp; the staff friendly. The only poor area was the english breakfast. This consisted of only 3 items, scrambled egg, sausages &amp; beans. The containers they were in to keep them hot did not work &amp; they were not even warm. They seriously need to find a better way of keeping these hot &amp; more choice would be good. The continental breakfast was at least fresh &amp; adequate.	
Sep 14 2008 	It wasn't 4* but it wasn't bad....	Stayed here last week for three nights. The location isn't that bad. About a six minute walk from Paddington Station. Although the front of the hotel isn't that impressive, the reception area is nice. I arrived on Tuesday night and the receptionist was really polite and helpful. The room I had was on the second floot. It was basic but adequate although I have to say I normally struggle to sleep in hotel beds and this one was really comfortable!Breakfast is extensive to say the least! Every type of cold option you could think of. The only downside to the food was that the hot options were cold. I got there at 7.15am (opens at 7am) and the bacon and eggs were freezing cold - which was a shame because the food was clearly of good quality.Check out was efficient and friendlyI'd stay here again if they sorted out the issue of the cold food.Local tip: Come out of the hotel, turn right and walk a short way down the road. There's a fantastic Greek restaurant that serves huge portions of good food really cheap! For beer, head to the Cleveland Arms on Chilworth Street. Great beer, well kept and a fantastic pub quiz every Tuesday that is well attended and very VERY challenging!	
Aug 26 2008 	Not the bad...	At first,I thought the driver was wrong about the hotel considering 4-star hotel will more than this...but it turns out to be the ONE we booked for..the entrance area was fine but am not gonna say the same on the receptionist in charge..she was a little bit stiff when talking to me like she wasn't really want me here( because I'm Arabic..Don't wanna call anybody a Racist but that's how I felt..sorry)..Don't get me wrong, all the staff were great except her......!!!!!!The rooms were very small..probably the smallest rooms I ever stayed in my whole short life...about the noise!!!!how can I describe it..everyday I thought that a drunk is trying to open my door but turns out that the walls are so thin that when a neighbor shuts her door,our door get the hit and making us believe someone is behind our door.I almost can hear the steps on the above floor..The breakfast was good with great choices.I liked the internet service.The great about this hotel is that it's near the bus and tube stations,near the K.gardens and hide park and Queensway.	
Jul 25 2008 	Wouldn't Recommend	Firstly The Henry VIII is listed as a 4Star Hotel, this is very mis-leading from the offset, I would rate is as a 2-3 star with some areas being less than that.The rooms were small, which is to be expected in central London, the bathrooms are set out well, and the shower was fine. The toiletrees were pretty low grade, and there were only 3 small towels. It has been particularly hot in London in the last few days so I was not pleased to see that there was a sign in the bedroom saying that the air con was broken, the colleague I was travelling with said a year ago the same sign had been up. It was so hot I never got under the covers of the bed, but it seemed clean enough. There is no Internet, and no room service. I tried asking for more towels or an iron and was told I would have to come and pick them up from reception, not exactly what you would call 4* service, that being said, the staff was pleasent enough.Breakfast was much the same as regular 3* continental breakfast, raw croissants, fruit from a tin etc.I wouldn't been keen to stay here again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Don't think Henry VIII would be happy with this!	STAY: 2 nightsPROS: LOCATION, PRICE, GREAT BREAKFAST FOR PRICE, NICE POOLCONS: UNHELPFUL RECEPTION...WAKE UP CALL NOT GIVEN...HAIRS ON BED..OVERALL GRUBBY FEELING..V.SMALL, HOT ROOMSWe had read the reviews of the hotel before we left but we decided to keep an open mind; we thought it couldn't be that bad, the main thing you need is a good location.We arrived, our bags were put in the luggage room, we came back at 2 and checked in all was going smoothly.Then we went up to our room, the paint on the walls was grubby, the carpet was stained and there was a post it on the air conditioner telling us it would be working soon. All that we could deal with!We then sat down on the bed (as the room are so small not much place to stand or sit with cases) only to find pubic HAIRS on the outside of the duvet cover. We then lifted the cover to examine and there were more underneath.We then contacted reception, the manager was on his day off, and there appears to be NO ASSISTANT MANAGER.When the recptionist told us she would sned the cleaning staff to change the sheets, we asked could she come up and see it herself first, she AGGREED TO COME UP BUT SENT CLEANING STAFF INSTEAD ANYWAY. She never came up to see the condition of the bed we were given.We booked a wake up call at reception for 9:30 next day and it never came! Although the next day showed the phones did work.Check out was at 11:00, we slept on 5 minutes.11:05 they called.When packing in a rush, we got 3 calling before 11:20.They then wanted to charge us 10 pounds for the extra time, which I would of gladly paid had the service been as efficient up to then.Henry has the abitity to be a nice hotel if they gave it a dab of paint and gave their staff some training.	
Jun 22 2008 	Well priced 4* hotel in Central London	I went on a business trip to London and used this hotel. Room was a little small but then what can you expect for central London. Good furnishings and nice firm double bed. Staff were friendly and breakfast was fine. Would recommend this hotel to other travellers. Good 4* hotel for a decent price.	
May 29 2008 	noisy unclean hotel	nice breakfast, and their good selections of coffe from the machine. the small room, and maybe the smallest bed I ever have been sleeping in! my feets was outside of the bed! noisy, and you hear all from other rooms. cleanliness was very lousy, very small room, this would have been overprized for a 2 star hotel and this have actually 4 stars!!!!!!! not possible to adjust heat in your room. could not get to check in before 1400. and when I checked in at 2100 the key did not work. slow service and so on.	
May 25 2008 	Satisfied	I stayed the night of April 13 to visit the London Book Fair on the following day.The reception was friendly, the room tiny but clean and well heated, the bathroom refurbished. In the morning I had an excellent breakfast, so on the whole I was satisfied. I paid only £ 55,00 for one night including breakfast.The moquette floor is a bit old and dusty, but next year I will go back to Henrty VIII.Laura, Milano, Italy	
Apr 29 2008 	Adequate	Stayed from 14th - 17th April. Reception very friendly with good english. It seems to have been taken over by some spaniards.Small rooms but efficiently furniched.Breakfast was adequate.Easy access to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace and the Big Bus just around the corner. Got tickets for Bus from Hotel but they only take cash-no cards. At Big Bus stop operators was able to give us fast passes for what we wanted to see- (1))Big Wheel(but the fast lane was not operational that day) although the queue moves quickly. (2) London Dungeons-great to be fast tracked especially with the queue that there was. (3) Tower of London- but the guided tours with the yeomen finished at 2.00pm. We had just missed this time. We purchased oyster passes for the tube and they were great. Went to see &quot;Buddy&quot; and were able to book a little Italian next door to the theatre for handiness of travell. Went in ti Nutting Hill for to eat one night as it is quite near. Opposite the hotel was a good pie bar.	
Apr 12 2008 	Bijou room but good value	We contacted the hotel direct &amp; paid 79 pounds a night for bed &amp; breakfast for 2 people (total price not price per person) and were a little concerned having read previous reviews. We needn't have worried ! Yes the rooms were small but not unduly miniscule considering it is central London and you are out most of the day. Ours was also immaculately clean and the tea/coffee, toiletries were filled up each day. It was room 312 &amp; at the end of the corridor so did not hear other guests at all. Managed to look into other rooms on the same floor &amp; they all looked clean &amp; tidy as well.Breakfast was a buffet with loads of choice from bacon,scrambled eggs, rice,mushrooms, cereals, a varied selection of fresh fruit, pastries, breads &amp; yoghurts. Tea, coffee,chocolate &amp; juices were also in plentiful supply. Certainly everyone we saw helped themselves to plenty ! It was regularly topped up &amp; all fresh. Ideal for the start of a day sightseeing.The staff were all very friendly &amp; helpful - absolutely no problems. Note there is no restaurant at the hotel - we ate at The Blakemore next door which had a perfectly acceptable if limited menu. The lack of nearby restaurants for an evening meal would be my only complaint but if you stay out later &amp; sample the nightlife you won't have any problems !Quite a good location - take the number 390 bus from the end of the street into town or go to the Queensway tube about 10 minutes walk away. It is a long way to walk into the very centre if you have a day's tourist sights to cover as well so use the public transport.We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again &amp; would happily recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 3 2008 	Henry VIII - Terrible Hotel	The henry VIII hotel is the worst 4 Star hotel I have ever stayed in - It is advertised on its own website as a 4 Star. I would not give it a 1 Star. Most of the staff were nice, one particular member of the reception staff was truely bad. The Room: For a 4 Star room, the room was dirty - water marks on the ceiling, dirt marks on the carpet, flaking paint. The room was tiny - barely enough room for the bed and a wardrobe. I would have expected some more space in this room. The bathroom was too small, and made me claustrophobic - Something I do not suffer from. Facilities: The swimming pool was nice, it was clean. BUT the water was very cold - I would estimate at 5 Celcius. Too cold to swim. The sauna was small, and adequate. Food: We did not have any food at this hotel, as they charged 10 UK Pounds for breakfast - We ate out. Overall, the price of the room - £120 per night was too high for the facilities we got, if this included breakfast then MAYBE it would be OK. The policy of this hotel is to take payment when you arrive, then when you leave they want payment again - they then refund the first payment when you leave. This was very worrying as I needed nearly 1000 UK Pounds for both payments available, this was our honeymoon and money was allocated to different things. Finally, when I asked to see the manager, this person was not present - I could have expected this. I completed the comments card, and requested that they write to me detailing the points I made to them. I am still waiting for the letter to my points. I wonder how long I will need to wait before I get a reply. In conclusion, I would definitely not recommned this hotel to anyone, it is over priced has poor facilites and some of the staff could be better. I would give this hotel 19 out of 100 for quality. We will not be returning to this hotel!!!!	
Mar 17 2008 	Very noisy hotel	Small rooms, quite expensive hotel (but OK, it's London), they don't have free wifi, and it costs 5 pounds per 1 hour! Breakfast is nice. Now - rooms are really noisy. You can hear everytime someone passes by your room. Doors on the hallway are really loud. So, if 2-3 people pass by your room, you're sure to wake up.Location is nice, next to Hyde Park and app. 10 minutes walk from the metro.	
Mar 13 2008 	A nice hotel!	I picked this hotel a bit trepidatiously given the previous reviews, but I thought it was fine. I normally use Priceline's &quot;Name your own price&quot; feature and stay cheaper in a better class of hotel, but this was obviously a busy week and my offers were rejected. I stayed two nights.The Henry VIII is in a relatively salubrious part of Paddington/Bayswater within easy walking distance of tube stations and the road is quiet.Other reviewers have complained of small rooms, but I thought mine, on the second floor, was averagely sized, although there was no seating apart from the bed and a dressing table stool. Both bedroom and bathroom were well maintained and clean. The double bed was two singles pushed together, as others have complained, but was comfortable enough.The hotel has not yet completed the aircon installation, but overseas visitors should not think this is a normal provision or required in Britain! The room temperature, with adjustable radiator, was comfortable, and the window was openable if we hadn't been experiencing high winds.Breakfast was included in my rate and was good, with fruit, pastries, continental meats and cheeses as well as eggs, bacon, sausages etc.Staff throughout the hotel were pleasant and friendly, and a number were Spanish speaking (the hotel now seems to be Spanish owned) while also speaking good English.All in all I would certainly stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 14 2008 	Reason to stay: The pool!	The location means that you have &quot;a million&quot; other options right next door, Bayswater is more or less crowded with hotels. You won't have any problems getting bigger and better rooms elsewhere. But you will have trouble finding another hotel with same rates and a pool! It's more or less the pool which makes it worth it, cause the rooms are very small. Stayed in a single, and it's the smallest hotel room I've ever seen. It's not &quot;smallish&quot;, it's 100% tiny. Asked the staff about size of triple rooms, which they described as spacious. Looked into one and spacious isn't exactly how I would describe it, unless you are abnormly high and need a really high ceiling. Anyway, I think both the hotel and the triple room is a great choise for families. The rates are reasonable in my opinion, payed 79 pounds for a single room, breakfast included.The hotel is in need of some serious refurbishing. Carpets very worn out, lots of old stains, scratches and marks, both in room and staircases. The door to my room was hard to close, had to slam it hard. Guess that wasn't the favourite sound of those living next door. The location itself is very quiet though, no traffic noise or bars to keep you awake. Unless you visit one. :-) Be aware that several websites says the hotel offers smoking rooms. This is not correct, no smoking througout the premises. Bathroom was small but clean. Small shower which had plenty of hot water, but was very difficult to adjust. Trying to get a little lower temperature made it stop, then it gave another flush of boiling hot water - so be careful, adjust before you step into it. The room provided most of what you'll need, a small tv, a small desk (no chair), coffee and tea making facilities and a large and comfy bed. Aircondition to be installed, not in use yet. Safe in room, free of charge. Unfortunately there's no fridge or minibar to keep cold drinks. Very good breakfast, full English and a impressive buffet for a 3-star hotel in London. Staff polite and service minded. Carpets without stains and scratches would have given a much better overall impression! Pool is not very big, but then it doesn't seem to be used by too many guests either. Wonder why, but it's fine with me - had the pool all to myself. Small sauna which was cold when I was there, think you may have to insert coins to heat it. The room is not the reason you'll stay here, but if you'd like a quiet but yet central Bayswater location, a very good breakfast and a pool where to unwind after walking all day, then you won't regret staying at the Henry VIII	
Nov 20 2007 	Henry V111 but not for Tudors!	I was staying with colleagues in this hotel during WTM in November. The hotel comes with a good reputation and is run by the Eurostar Group so well resourced. The hotel itself is located beside Hyde Park and close to Queensway so location wise it is ideal.The hotel is well run with friendly staff but the facilities could be better. The bar is closed Sunday - Tuesday and is located ion the basement with no natural light, as is the breakfast room and restaurant. The rooms are pricey and very small, exceptionally small. Granted it is an old building but for over £100 per night it seemed a bit high.Cant fault check in or the cleanliness of the rooms and certainly it has its merits but needs a little more thought overall.	
Oct 24 2007 	A good October stay	The hotel is a bit further from Tube stations than others in the area (10-15 minute walk to any of 4 close by; a shorter walk to bus lines), but still very well-located for tourism or business.October was a good time to go -- rates were reasonable, lack of a/c or heat due to remodelling was not an issue (ceiling fans were nice to have), and the small but very nice indoor pool was open and underused.Service was friendly and competent, the room was clean; it was smallish (as to be expected) but with high ceilings and decent facilties. Having an in-room iron and trouser press was nice for this business traveller.	
Sep 14 2007 	If you can't stand the heat....	... you might want to wait until they have fixed the air conditioning! Rarely outside the Caribbean have I spent such a warm night but really apart from that my (business) partner and I had a very good stay. The twin room was small as I think most of them are, but we were prepared for that - and it was quite large enough for a 2-night stay to be perfectly tolerable. The bathroom was a decent size and had both bath and powerful shower.The breakfast buffet provided a decent amount of choice and the staff were extremely polite, efficient and helpful, as were those on the reception desk, despite being busy at checkout time.The highspot for us was having the pool to ourselves on the Sunday evening - it really was a treat after a day spent tramping round a trade fair!I would definitely stay there again, but only after they sort out the air conditioning.	
Sep 12 2007 	Superb Location	This hotel is in a superb location with lots of little shops &amp; restaurants close by. Bus stop &amp; tube stations are a short walk away. Breakfast was good. The pool was very warm &amp; once you're in it you realise that the tiles are quite dirty at the water line. The room we were given was tiny, it was a very humid week and there is no air-conditioning, just a ceiling fan which on high speed was quite squeaky. The en-suite was miniscule with no bath but had a great shower. However the room was spotless. The trouser press was broken.Having said this I would stay in the hotel again as you get what you pay for &amp; it was very cheap by London standards. I did see much bigger rooms than ours with ironing facilities &amp; a bath &amp; would request them if we did return.	
Aug 29 2007	...	We stayed in a room on the first floor, as a result people could look striaght into our huge window as they passed by. The room was extremely over heated, very muggy and it was very noisy outside. I went down for breakfast on the last day and it was not open even though it said 7am on the menu we received in our hotel room. The room (No.14) was rather grubby looking, there was a loft type thing on the ceiling which didn't look very inviting and one of the air cons were broken, as a result a fan had been placed on the high ceilings, giving out minimal ventilation. However, the bathroom was very clean and the staff were very friendly, also the breakfast provided was extremely tasteful :)5/10	
Jul 6 2007 	Wouldn't bother	The hotel was small - smelt and wasn't very pleasant in general - we walked down to the bar at one point and the look we got was one of walking into a remote country pub!!! Strangers who are they!!???? May I ask why a hotel that promoted itself as a historical hotel of England, is then primarily employing foreigners???? At breakfast, they are dressed up as old english women (the ones you see in history programmes!!!) but when you speak to them they are don't speak english!!! I'm all up for a free and flowing european economy but this does seem to be a bit of a joke!!! Also the receptionist looked at me and my partner in disgust when we walked in - he has a different surname to me (shock horror!!!!) as if we were having a dirty weekend!!!! Pool was small and cloudy!?!?!	
Jun 26 2007 	Tiny room - Nice location	We just returned from London and the hotel although not spectacular suited our needs well.  The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our first room (217) was a bit worn out and we asked and moved to an end room (214) which was very clean but TINY. We booked a double which translates to a twin-double with two twin beds they can pull together and were fine. The room was so small you couldnt move around or open the closets properly. There are signs stating they are putting in air conditioning but the rooms have ceiling fans which we did not need with the window open. They have small free safes in the room which was nice. We needed wireless internet and the night staff hooked us up with a free provider so we didnt have to pay the £10pound rate (for 24 hours) they told us earlier.The bathroom was large with a heavenly deep bathtub which was welcome after walking London all day!The breakfast was good, all the basics (eggs, bacon, cereal, sausages, croissants etc) and replenished often.Notice to smokers ! London is going smoke free July 1, 2007. The hotel has NO smoking rooms anymore.The hotel is a bit out of the way for those who want to be where all the action is (Central London) but personally i liked that. It is easy to reach by tube or bus. The 390 bus takes you almost to the door from Oxford street, Picadilly or Soho. Overall, i liked the hotel, liked the location and would return.We didnt eat in the area but there are two greek restaurants next to the hotel and a few small stores to buy chips, candy etc.The inside pool is very small but never went in.The only real complaint i have is we had to leave early in the morning and asked for a taxi to be called that morning. Instead of a London cab, we got a beat up car and they charged us £12 instead of the £2-3 fare to the location we needed to catch our airport bus. I felt that was a rip off.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great location tiny rooms	My husband and I stayed in this hotel from the 13th to the 17th June 2007. As other reviewers we found the rooms very very small. To give you an idea, it was imposible to open the closet door completly because the bed was there to stop it. I'm posting photos of our double room's view (room 212). It's not spectacular but it's the best thing about the room. The bathroom was also as tiny as possible. And the sound from next rooms was... loud and clear, meening no privacy at all. The staff is good, the breakfast too. The pool is nice but the water was not clean enough to invite you in. The location of this hotel is the best you can have in London. If you arrive by Heathrow Airport, take the Heathrow Express to Padington Station (15 minutes) and then walk 10 minutes to the hotel. The hotel is 2 minutes away from Bayswater (Hyde Park), 5 minutes away from Queensway, a super cosmopolitan street where you have a wide choice of restaurants. If you like italian, try Bella Italia. The 2 Tube station (Queensway and Bayswater), one with circle line the other with central line give you easy access to the main attractive places in London. It's a good idea to buy a 3-day Travel card and use the bus and tube as much as you want to. If you go to London with the objective of staying for long in the hotel room, choose other hotel. If you go and all you need is a confortable bed and a shower, this hotel has a splendid location to travel around London easly. We spend 4 lovely almost everytime shinning days. Don't miss London Eye.	
Jun 12 2007 	Good location	It's decent. Nothing great but great hotels cost a lot in pricey London. We just needed a place to crash. Room was tiny - the size of my walk in closet at Home in California. First room I got was non-smoking I was told but I could smell the stale smoke stink the second we walked in. We asked for a change and got it.Room was reasonably clean.Staff was friendly.Location is great. 5-10 mins from Bayswater, Queensway metro, 10 mins from Paddington Station. Paddington was very convenient to get to Windsor Castle. Hyde/Kensington Park are walking distance (10 mins).Several restaurants nearby. Try the Ask Pizza restaurant.They have internet and it's free but there's only one computer so it has to be available.I wouldn't go here for comfort but for location. We didn't stay in the room for long. There was barely any room to stand. Had to wedge our suitcase between the bed and TV stand.	
May 2 2007 	Nive hotel good location	When we went to London two years ago I booked this hotel through hotelconnect.co.uk and got a great deal (a third of the normal price). The hotel was nice and clean, the staff were very friendly. The rooms were an alright size (it's not like we spent much time there anyway), plus for ceiling fan which was in use every one of the hot nights. The bathrooms were newly renovated. The breakfast was excellent. Because we were flying home late one evening it was great to have the opportunity to leave our luggage in a storage room after checking out so that we could make the most of our last day without having to drag a couple of suitcases around. The hotel also has a pool, which we didn't try though. Great location. Two underground stations within a few minutes walking, 5-10 minutes from Paddington Station (Heathrow Express) and one of the sighseeing bus tours had a stop just nearby. There are also quite a few shops and restaurants in the area, great for getting drinks and snacks for the late evenings and we also tried a few of the restaurants as we got back pretty late some of the days.	
Jan 19 2007	A very nice place to stay	My friend and I stayed at the Henry VIII Hotel in November 2006. We were pleasantly surprised as we weren't too impressed with the area of Bayswater. The hotel is stunning, inside and out. Very friendly staff and the rooms/bathrooms are very clean. The bedroom was quite small but had everything in there that we needed. We stayed for 2 nights on a bed and breakfast basis. I don't normally go down stairs for breakfast, but i'm glad I did this time! The food was excellent and there was plenty of choice from cereal, toast, croissants, fresh fruit and you could also enjoy a nice hot breakfast. We did use the swimming facilities which were excellent. We had the whole pool to ourselves! A very clean area and has plenty of towels by the pool so you don't have to take any from your room. There is a lot going on in the surrounding area. Plenty of restaurants, mainly chinese. A few bars/pubs. There is also a shopping centre which is quite small but good enough for the area. The hotel is a 5 minute walk away from 2 tube stations which is handy as 1 of the tubes had shut so we had to use the other one! If you are travelling to this area of London, I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Jan 8 2007 	Nice hotel a little expensive	We stayed in this hotel for 1 night and felt it was a bit expensive for what it was. Saying that we did stay New Years Eve when every hotel puts prices up.The location of this hotel was good it is less than a 5 minute walk to Hyde park and the tube station is a 5 – 10 minute walk away.The hotel itself was clean. We found our room to be a little on the small side and had booked a double, which was 2 single beds pushed together. To be honest this didn’t bother us to much as we were in London Sightseeing and didn’t spend much time in the room. The ensuite bathroom was clean and modern, towels and toiletries are provided. The rooms have all the mod cons TV, tea and coffee facilities, hair dryer. We had a full breakfast included in our stay. There was plenty of choice and the food was a good standard.The staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 8 2007 	Good clean value	I read the reviews on this site before I went and, to be honest, I had pretty low expectations as a result. A friend and I booked last minute for an overnight stay to shop and go to the theatre. We got a great deal via the web and paid little more than £60 for a twin room. The room was relatively modern, clean and comfortable. It was a decent size too. The view was generously called a 'city view' but was actually a wall. However, as I wasn't there to enjoy the scenery, this didn't matter at all. Reception staff were friendly and efficient. The breakfast was good - huge choice from ham, cheese, fruit, cereal and toast to full English. All fresh and plentiful. The hotel is within a short walk of the underground and Paddington rail stations. All in all, for the price I paid, I was really pleased. Why pay more for a comfortable bed to sleep in on a weekend break? I would go again if I could secure a good last minute deal.	
Dec 28 2006 	Keep clear...This hotel is operating a scam	I booked a 5 night stay for my wife and daughter at this hotel so they could enjoy London in December and get some christmas shopping. I received confirmation of the booking with a voucher from WORLDBY.COMThey arrived with voucher but were informed that the hotel was full and the voucher counted for nothing. 'However we can put you in another hotel' and were promptly bundled into a car and driven from centre of London to Chiswick and placed in a 2 star backpackers hostel called St Patricks.To be placed in a hotel of a lot lower quality is unacceptable. They were carring out this scam with other people as well who had vouchers and being told sorry.Hotel and WORLDBY.COM are both saying the other party are to blame and no compensation has been offered. Wife and daughter had to move to another hotel which cost us a lot more.I would recommend to all people considering using the HOTEL HENRY V111 and WORLDBY.COM.....don't...unless you want to stay at St Patricks hotel Chiswick!!!	
Nov 9 2006 	Reasonable Choice In London	Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Henry VIII hotel in London (near Bayswater). Overall its a reasonable hotel. Do not expect any luxuries, but depending on the rate you'll be paying it should be worth it. I paid more than 100 pounds per night for two but it was also a very busy season for London hotels. Rooms are quite small (double rooms even smaller), yet quite confortable. My room needed to be re-painted and the press for trousers didnt work, otherwise it was ok.Service was also OK, recepcionists and remaining staff being nice. Breakfast is reasonable (if you get to close to 10am, when they finish serving, you might not be able to find some of the goodies). One good thing about this hotel is location, being fairly near the Paddignton railway station where the Heathrow Express arrives (you can walk there) and just 5 minutes walking distande from Queensway Underground Station (Central Line). In less than 3 minutes you can be walking in Hyde Park, so this is a plus. I'd go back there, still think it is slightly overrated and overpriced, maybe you can get it cheaper.	
Sep 12 2006 	Spot on for a cheap sleep in London!	Stayed here for 3 nights, and it did the job! The location was spot on, the tube (Queensway NOT Queens Park!) was only a few mins walk. The main thing that attracted us to the hotel was the swimming pool and sauna, but unknown to us until we checked in was that they were both closed and stayed closed for our entire stay - not happy! We probably would have only used it once or twice to be fair, better things to do in London! The rooms were ok, the twin was bigger than the double, both had a balcony which you could squeeze on to. Breakfast was ok with cereals, croissants etc. If your looking for somewhere just to sleep and have a good shower in central London then this is perfect. You can't really complain for less than 40 quid a night.	
Sep 7 2006 	Stay away - Prison Cells are Bigger	Booked this weekend for some bridge building with the girlfriend - in the description sounds lovely. Supposed to be a four star? Rubbish, would be lucky to be a three star.Worst hotel i have ever stayed in - honest. Rude reception staff, old tired decor, rooms are TINY. Asked for a doubel, got a twin etc etc.Problem is they are catering for foreigners who stay there one night for a place to crash, hotel is always full so what do they care?Aweful, Aweful, Aweful.	
Aug 24 2006 	Great Location	Have just returned from a short break at this hotel and really have no complaints. At one stage, after reading some of the reviews, I was really thinking of cancelling but so glad we didn't. We found the recption staff helpful and knoweledgeable. Ok, they are not native English speakers but they certainly understood any queries we had and were able to respond. Also, not ALL the guests were English speaking!! The buffet breakfast was adequate. The room WAS tiny and it was strange to have such a high ceiling in such a small room. However, this building is in a conservation area and was originally a row of Victorian townhouses so there are severe planning restrictions both inside and outside. The rooms are the original size but presumably the installation of en-suite bathrooms reduced the amount left for the rest of the room. The bathroom was very clean and the shower was powerful. There was a kettle and a small TV in the bedroom. The bed was comfortable and we slept well. Air conditioning is being installed throughtout the hotel at the moment.We arrived on the Heathrow Express to Paddington and it is about a 7 minute walk to the hotel. It is also really close to Kensington Gardens which are really worth a visit - have a cup of tea in the Orangery at Kensington Palace.We didn't use the tube at all. We took the No 94 bus into town or you can walk to loads of places. You can buy a daily bus ticket for £3.50 and hop on and off as you please. We found the bus drivers very helpful.There is a little Greek restaurant right next door to the hotel and we ate in it one night as it was raining. I wouldn't recomment it but If you do eat there - watch your bill!All in all, a grand little spot for a City break and we'd be glad to go back.	
Jul 30 2006 	Not bad	Henry VIII is an ok hotel but certainly nothing to write home about. I agree with previous reviews that the rooms are tiny and are a bit worn out but they are clean. Everything else about the hotel was fine. The breakfast was really good. A huge selection of breads, pastries, fruit, cereal and juices. Good location. Receptions english isn't special but we didn't really have to deal with them apart from check in, check out and getting a taxi so we had no problems. If you have to pay rack rates (130 a night) I would imagine you could find better, but the hotel has some pretty good deals going, and is defintely worth it for say 60-70.	
Jul 4 2006	Stay Away - send the owners to the Tower - terrible hotel	After reading other reviews on this an other sites I was opened minded about thehotel as we travelled to London . When arriving at Paddington Station I called the hotel to get some directions . This is where the problems began . The receptionist had only the barest grasp of the English language, we both had a go at trying to understand her directions without much luck . She insisted that we had to get the tube, it turns out that the hotel was only a 10 min walk away . We spent 45 rather frustrating minutes trying to find the hotel . It's good that London has such a mix of race and culture these days but if you are working on the reception you have to be able to make yourself understood . When we arrived at the first impressions were OK, the entrance hall was pleasant andcool -it was over 30 degrees when we arrived . Sadly we had to deal with the same receptionist again, not only was she unable tp speakEnglish very well, she was also exceptionally surly and ill mannered on the point of being rude . A please or thank you wasn't forthcoming at any time . When we asked if breakfast was included she pointed at the card with continental breakfast - English was extra Our hearts sank as we entered the room, we had booked a double but had beengiven a twin . The rooms were tiny and hadn't been entered by a painter/decoratorfor a good few years judging by the chipped paint and yellowing wall paper .The room was actually taller than it was wide, a strange touch, maybe they should turn thehotel on it's side. There was no air conditioning merely a noisy fan that blew the warm air around .When we called reception our &quot;friend&quot; from earlier was just as helpful saying that a move wasn't an option . When we asked to speak to the manager we were given amove the following day . This proved to be a mistake as our equally small double faced the noisy main road and was blasted by the early morning sun at 06:00.The breakfast was poor, a selection of cold meat, cold boiled eggs and cheese . Theyeven tried to charge us extra for this when we checked out despite our receptionist pal assuring us it was included .On the plus side the location was great, Bayswater and Notting Hill have some great bars/cafes . It's close to Hyde Park and the tube is nearby . There is a lovely atmosphere to the area, we had a great time away from the sweat box that is Henry VIIIIf you are planning on staying in London I recommend Bayswater, unless you have a prisonfixation and enjoy small sweaty rooms policed by surly staff dressed in black I urge you to stay away from this hotel	
Jun 6 2006	Nice affordable hotel	We spent the weekend of Whitsunday in this hotel. We had a small double room (we found out that there are larger rooms), the triple room was good. All rooms were very clean. Service is good and the hotel is very well situated in a quiet area. Ideal for exploring London. A good continental breakfast is included.It is a good value for money hotel and the kids liked the (small) swimming pool.	
May 24 2006	you get what you pay for	okay,the hotel is not luxury but clean, the rooms are tiny, (it differs a bit) there was no minibar in the room and the room-safe was broke. the receptionist of the evening was at least not speaking better english than me and it is quite loud with open windows even early in the morning.to come to the positive things, the egypt owner or manager was very nice and helpful and the other staff seemed to be as well, the location is in walking distance (not with heavy luggage) of several underground stations and some kind of restaurants and pubs as well, and it seems the prize is unbeatable if you don't want to stay in a backpackers or youth hostel.there is also a little pool and a sauna who likes that, my wife enjoyed it.nothing came away out out of the room as well... btw they seem to loss bookings or overbook, be a bitcareful with thatenjoy your staystefanfrankfurt	
May 20 2006	Great stay perfect location	Just got back from a 6 day stay in London at the Henry VIII Hotel and had an awesome time. The staff at the hotel were very friendly from the reception to the breakfast room to the bar late at night. The rooms are very small, you cannot really walk around the bed, but the bathroom was a decent size and newly appointed with tiled floor and marble counter top and a new shower that had decent flow and water temperature. Everything was clean too. Also our room on the second floor was opposite from the street and overlooked some other buildings so it was very quiet. We had the window open every night with a cool breeze and there was only the odd train to make any noise. I had some of the best sleeps in my life! We were very tired from walking all day and the bed and pillows were firm but comfortable and as soon as my head hit the pillow I slept all the way through the night which I rarely do in hotels. The hotel stay included a continental breakfast buffet which was pretty decent. Much better than having the hassle of buying something on the street and you can go up to your room afterwards and clean your teeth before going out for the day. The food consisted of fruit, cereals, cheese, ham, boiled eggs, yoghurt, toast, pastries, coffee, tea, hot chocolate etc. The best thing about this hotel however, was the location. It was a short walk from downtown Bayswater which has a tube station on the circle line, heaps of shops, banks, restaurants, pubs, post office etc. It was so convenient. We had flown into Gatwick airport and caught the Gatwick Express train to Victoria station and then changed to the tube to Bayswater and walked to the hotel. Very easy. Another good tip for London is to buy a x-day tube pass which enables you to get on and off any tube or bus in zones 1 and 2. It is a smart card which you just touch to a reader to go thru the turnstill or get on a bus. Regardless of how many trips you think you'll make the convenience pays for itself. Even if you just use it to take a break from walking and hop on a bus to ride down the road a couple of stops. But I digress. Overall the hotel was very good and the location was exceptional. The price was very good too. Booked online for 58 pounds per night.	
Jan 17 2006	Good compromise	Our bedroom (no. 102) was very small but really, how much time do you spend in it when you're visiting a city like London?! Especially for the price (£49 a night incl. breakfast) + the ideal location in central London (5 min. to 2 tube lines; restaurants, pubs + shops around the corner). The room was clean + the bathroom modern with excellent water pressure in the shower. No air con but a ceiling fan, radiator working fine. Good choice for the continental breakfast: ham, cheese, jam, honey, pastries, rolls, croissants, toast, tea, coffee, cereal, cornflakes - everything you could wish for. Staff were friendly + helpful. However, they had had not received our booking which we had made through an agency; I'm beginning to think is a not uncommon problem with London hotels. I would recommend always ringing ahead to make sure they know you're coming.	
Dec 9 2005	Stay Well Away	This is possibly the worst Hotel in London and they seem to have quite a reputation according to other Hotels in the area that I have stayed at...The Hotel is simply horrible and is run by rude incompetent people who hardly speak any english.I recommend you stay well away from this place if you want to enjoy a pleasant stay in London.	
Oct 30 2005	Fabulous affordable hotel for student travellers and young couples	I don't have enough good things to say about the Henry VIII hotel. It was exactly what I was looking for, and more. It is definitely not a 5 star hotel in that there isn't a TON of luxury there, but it is more than adequate for a week's stay or less in London. The staff was friendly, and helpful, the complimentary contintental breakfast was wonderful, and provided many options for people of all dietary needs. The room was a good size for us(2 twentysomething sisters in one room)...there was room to walk around, the bathroom was fine, clean. The television was a little small, but you shouldn't be watching too much tv anyway...you're in London! We had room 511, which was on the top floor, and had a nice view of the neighboorhood. Get it, if you can.	
Sep 27 2005	okBUT.......	They gave up my room despite me ringing to say I would be late arriving. Rooms ok. Pool small but nice and warm Sauna works on a token meter so that's a bit awkward when you realise tokens are required when you've stripped off! A few naked germans in the pool was a surprise!	
Sep 6 2005	Great value and oh-so-clean!	We were nervous coming here having read some of the more negative reviews of this hotel, and given the brilliant last-minute price we got - £49/room per night.This hotel is exceptionally clean and well maintained. The facilities are all pristine. The staff, especially Marie at reception, are very helpful, although some (not Marie!) could do with refreshing their knowledge of Camden market!Our bedroom was small, but it was everything we needed. Nice sized double bed, coffee/tea making facilities, tv and nice large window to let in air to cool down the room in 30 degree heat. The bathroom was spotless, with a nice shower - albeit hard to figure out, but perfect after that. The room also contained an iron and ironing board and large wardrobe and safe, all of which were very useful.Breakfast was good. Free continental breakfast with the room consisted of a range of cereals, juices, yoghurts, bread, meats and a cheese. Toast would have been a nice extra. Coffee and tea are also provided, as are the usual condiments. Excellent choice. An English breakfast is also provided at £3 supplement, although I would recommend trying some of the local delis if you want a fry - these provide a chance to have breakfast and watch the world go by. The coffee might also be a little nicer! Swimming pool looked small but clean, although we didn't get a chance to try it out. The residents bar was good as well, with friendly service well into the night. The Guinness could be better, but hey, it's not Dublin!Location wise/transport wise, the Central tube line is very close, although to get to a lot of places, you will need to change. Loads of buses run nearby too though, including all the tour buses. FYI, Queensway tube station is closed now until May 2006, so you will need to walk from Lancaster Gate, but it's only 5-10 mins.The hotel is right next to Notting Hill and Portobello as well as Kensington Gardens, which is fantastic on a hot day!All in all, I would heartily recommend this hotel. We look forward to returning in the future.	
Sep 2 2005	Worth every penny!	Small, but nice and clean rooms with tub, coofee maker and small balcony. I've stayed in loads of hotels in London and have never paid less for this kind of quality.Very close to Hyde Park, 7-8 minutes walk to Lancaster Gate tube-station.Had an excellent stay and will definitely consider this hotel again!	
Jun 27 2005	Fantastic	I have stayed at this hotel twice and it just gets better. The hotel is very clean, the breakfast is more than sufficient, the rooms are suitably sized and decorated, but best of all - the staff. They are fantastic. From the reception, to the cleaning to the restaurant. They are super friendly and always ready to help.I will definatley stay here again and again.	
Jun 9 2005	Booking not honoured	Booked this hotel in Bayswater (which we liked) on the basis of good tripadvisor reviews. However, when we arrived the hotel said it was full and was transferring us to a hotel near Paddington station which we like much less. We also booked this hotel because it had a small pool - I was travelling with my ten year old son. While we waited for this to be sorted out we were intrigued to see other guests checking in and being allocated rooms. It seems that the shorter your stay the more likely they are to ship you out if they overbook. Eventually we moved next door to the Blakemore which was a much nicer hotel.I like to rely on hotels I book. This left a bad taste and I definitely won't be going back to the Henry VIII again.	
Apr 20 2005	pleasantly surprised !!	My husband and I stayed here in April 2005, when the original hotel we were to stay at overbooked and refered us to this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised when we walked into the hotel, the room was a bit small but it was clean and pleasant.. The staff was very friendly and the continental breakfast was quite good. The hotel was centrally located, so it was easy to get around, We would totally stay here again..	
Mar 2 2005	Not bad	Stayed here a while ago, while the rooms are tiny the hotel offers a good location. Near the tube, easy to park (I was able to watch my car from my window and parking was free for the 24 hr period Saturday afternoon - Sunday Morning).Check in was easy, room was adequately done out and reasonably clean.Was a bit noisy being over the tube line but I've found that in many London Hotels. Breakfast was ok, plentiful.Would stay here again.	
Feb 1 2005	Excellent budget hotel	I stayed in the Henry VIII with some friends from Jan 28th to 30th and was very pleased with the hotel overall. Plus points include; the hotel is easily accessed (just take the Central line from Liverpool station, hotel is about 7 min walk from tube stop), in a good location near Hyde park, safe area. We also found the hotel to be clean, the staff are friendly and helpful, and the breakfast is adequate. The only negative points would be that the carpet is not especially clean (but I always wear slippers so not a big problem) and the floor was creaky....woke my companion on a midnight trip to the bathroom! When we asked about a taxi one evening, we were told that we could either get a fixed price taxi or hail a black cab. We were recommended to hail a black cab as it would be quicker and we would pay according to the meter. We didn't feel as if they were &quot;pushing&quot; their own taxi's on us. We asked for a recommendation for a nearby restaurant and were directed to a restaurant a few doors down called &quot;Halepi's&quot;. This is a Greek restaurant and I personally was very happy with it - lots of olives, vine leaves and an excellent Greek wine! Overall I would definitely recommend the Henry VIII and would not hesitate to stay there again. For the price, you cannot beat the standard in this hotel.	
Nov 17 2004	A nice hotel	My sister and I plus two of our friends stayed at this hotel. Nov3-Nov5th. It was extremely nice. Rooms are small, but this is London! Breakfast was terrific with a great variety of food. Clean and in a rather quiet neighborhood. Bathrooms were sparkling and larger than any other London hotel that I have stayed. Staff was helpful and friendly. Overall we were very pleased with our choice of this hotel and will recommend it to our friends.	
Nov 16 2004	Stay somewhere else	I read the reviews of this hotel before booking through a travel agent and i dont agree with many of them. I have to say this was the worst value hotel i have ever stayed in. The room was incredibly small and the service at reception very poor. We stayed there when we arrived in London and then again two weeks later. The room was so tiny we could barely get our bags in.i asked them to book a larger room for us which they said they would. when we arrived the second time they had lost the booking so we were placed in the same tiny size room. they told us our travel agent had cancelled it a month earlier (never mind we had booked it since then ourselves). i asked them to follow up on this as we believed it wasnt the case which they didnt do. the reception staff were arrogant and most unhelpful.we have travelled extensively and i have to say this was the poorest value hotel i have stayed in. i believe there are better value hotels in london. If you do choose to stay here, beware of two things. 1) dont let them call you a taxi. The staff have some shady backdoor arrangement with a company that gives them a commission. They will not call you a black cab which is half the price of the car they call (that has no meter). You are better off walking to the train station 2 streets away or flagging one down outside the hotel. The black cabs may not come if called as they resent the backdoor deal the staff have arranged (according to the taxi driver we managed to get)2) watch out for the shower nozzle which seems to be rigged to fall on your head each time when you bend down to turn the tap off.	
Sep 30 2004	Quite Satisfied with Henry VIII	After hours of searching for a reasonable but well reviewed hotel in London we settled on the Henry VIII as an alternative to the Best Western Pheonix (which is also a good choice nearby Henry VIII). Overall we were very satisfied with the Henry VIII. As opposed to the reviewer who found the desk staff rude, the older deskman that greeted us was quite pleasant and helpful. Check-in was no problem and we were soon up to our 3rd floor double room. Our room faced the street, but noise wasn't bad. There was no AC (as in most lower priced London hotels) but there was a ceiling fan. The room was very comfortable and good sized by London standards. Everything was very clean and fairly new. Except the carpet, which was quite a mess. But hey... you can't have it all. The bathroom was small but very nice and looked to be recently remodeled. One nice perk was a iron and ironing board permanently in the room. The location is not ideal, but pretty good. (almost impossible to stay in the center of London for under $170) It is in a diverse and safe seeming neighborhood near Queensway. It's about around a 5 minute brisk walk to the Queensway tube station where you can catch the Central Line. The Bayswater station is just another block or two down Queensway. (both trains are around a 15-20min ride to the West End). Queensway is buzzing pretty late and thus feels pretty safe even late at night. Things get much quieter as you walk towards the hotel, but the neighborhood is very residential and there are many hotels on the same street as the Henry VIII. No problems at checkout. Reservation was pre-paid through Hotels.com I believe for an average of $127. If you want to leave your luggage in the left luggage area, I suggest a travel cable lock since anyone can just walk into the luggage room if they like. Overall: Recommended	
Jun 23 2004	highway robbery	 After reading the reviews for many hotels in London, I decided the Henty VIII combined the best service and price offerings. However, I was sorely mistaken. In all objectivity, it could not have been a bad hotel, rooms were very clean, the internet price was good for London, and the continetal breakfast was pretty good.  However, the desk staff, including the hotel manager were very rude and condescending to me when I needed to address a problem that arose. To make a long story short, the hotel added a 100 pound service fee to a phone call that should have cost less than 25 pounds (researched on British Telecom for actual price of the call) When politely questioned, they at first told me the 20 minute cal I made lasted for 10 hours and that's why the call cost 130 pounds. Then they said the call lasted 261 minutes and that's why it cost 130 pounds. finally, they said the call lasted 20 minutes and still cost 130 pounds.  The way they handled the explaination of the bill seems shady to me not to mention the rude way I was spoken to as though I were a &quot;dumb american.&quot;  Since they had my credit card number and security I had to sign the charge slip (though I wrote it was under duress on both copies) My Visa will be handling them now... Avoid this hotel like the plague. 	
Jun 22 2004	Good Value/Good Location	We picked this hotel for two good reasons value and location. Not for the fact that the rooms lack air-conditioning and are small, and that it has a heated pool and sauna. The rooms use fans to help on warm nights, but in June the nights can be cool especially early morning. Our fan worked sporadically. The hair dryer would work for a couple of minutes and shut off, but these were minor inconveniences for a hotel in this price range. The up side is that we had a nice clean room with a tub/shower combo. The breakfast is good (cold cuts included) with American coffee and those chocolate filled croissants. The service is friendly. If you want to get on the internet for a few minutes, that is available in the lobby, for longer periods of time I suggest the nearby internet cafe right down the street. The bus picks up at the end of the street or walk to the Queensway Station. A tip for new travellers buy the one day travelcard and get on and off the underground system and/or bus all day. I found the best way to get to the hotel with luggage from Heathrow for the money is Bus #15 from the nearby bus station. It will drop you off at the end of the street which is only a couple of blocks (five minutes) from the hotel.	
Jun 3 2004	A great hotel value!	I'll keep this simple since so many others have already echoed my feelings. This was an excellent hotel choice in a very nice neighborhood. The staff (from housekeeping to food service to front desk) were all pleasant to deal with. One minor hiccup occurred when checking out where the desk person mistakenly pulled another room's records. An anxious moment passed because they insisted the room was not paid for when mine had been prepaid through an internet discount site. It was quickly remedied and apologies were extended. Plenty of food that was included with room rate. Continental choices were juices, cereals, boiled eggs, ham, salami, cheese, bread, croissants, yogurt, and fruits. Full English breakfast was an additional #3. The rooms were of average size for European travel. The bathrooms looked very new and decorated in marble/tile. Water pressure and temperature were both excellent. As usual, every floorboard creaked as you walked the floor. Tube stations were a brisk 5-10 minute walk. Plenty of shopping and restaurants nearby. Without question, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
May 23 2004	Would stay again	Henry VIII Hotel, Leinster Gardens, 29-12-2003 / 02-01-2004 On the ground floor you will find the reception and a small sitting area. At the time we were there it was nicely decorated in Christmas style. The people at the reception were very kind, and even though we were too early, they prepared our room right away.The room was small, but so are most of the rooms in London, so it is a normal size. There is a coffee/tea tray with biscuits, a small tv. with all of the usual British Channels. We had a twin bedded room at the back. The room was not very noisy, but you could hear the traffic on Bayswater Road. Those back rooms look out on rather boring backs of other houses.The beds were very comfartable, and there was a central heating radiator, that you can turn down. But there is no airco nor a fan.The bathroom had enough room, with a toilet, washbasin with room to put your toiletries: they even provided shampoo and shower-gel. The shower was over the bath and very good (shower curtain). It was all decorated in polished natural stone.The room and the bathroom were both clean and well maintained.The breakfast room was in the basement, and the assortment was very good. Continental breakfast included : coffee, tea, juice, milk, cereals, all sorts of rolls, boiled eggs, yogurt, canned and fresh fruit, sliced meat and cheese and you could eat as much as you liked. At an extra fee you could order the English breakfast, which was very good as well.Unusual for a hotel this class, in the basement there was a small swimming pool with enough room to paddle around.On the whole this was a nice hotel with comfortable, though small, rooms and a very good breakfast. We also found all the staff very friendly and helpful.The best subway station for this hotel is Queensway, and in the same street there is a shopping centre.You are very near Hyde park, where you can take a lovely morning walk.So a good base for your London break.	
May 20 2004	Had a very good time	My sister, niece, and I spent the week of April 19, 2004 in London. We stayed at the Henry VII hotel, located approximately 2 blocks from Hyde Park. We were able to get a room with 3 single beds, which is not very common in Europe. The hotel was not luxurious, but was comparable to many of the mid-price hotel chains in the US. The continental breakfast was very good. The location was one of the things we appreciated most. We could walk to Harrods, Hyde Park, and Kensington Park. We were about 3 blocks from a subway station, about 2 blocks from a bus stop, and had lots of restaurants within close distance. The hotel staff were very helpful. We were able to make day trips to Oxford, Winsor, and the Cotswolds. We were also able to do all of the sights in London that we had planned without any problems. And, oh yes, it doesn't rain all the time in England in April. We had good weather all the time we were there. We are now planning on a trip to Scotland.	
Apr 8 2004	It was okay good for its price	My husband and I recently stayed here and chose this hotel for its price and location. We compared many hotels in this low-budget price range and chose this hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor. This is not a hostel, or a run down place, which is what you would expect from other hotels in this price range. This hotel was decent, friendly front desk, friendly staff in the restaurant, internet access in lobby. The room was small, barely any room for luggage, but they had a large amoire to store the luggage out of the way. We wanted a double bed and received two twin beds, but we were troopers and just pushed the beds together. The beds were on the firmer side. The bathroom was small also, definitely room for only one person at a time. The tub was large and tiles were granite. The room overall was very clean. We had problems with temperature control. It often gotten warm (we were there end of March, so we did not expect it to be too warm), the room did have a ceiling fan in its high ceilings, but that made it too cool. We were on the first floor (which is not to be confused with ground floor which is floor 0), and we were able to hear/feel a slight rumble which must have been the Tube. Not too much to disrupt sleep or anything, but enough to be noticed. The location of the hotel was nice, slightly away from the tube stops (10 min. walk is fine, just a bit much if have luggage). We walked to Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park (Lovely!) and also walked from Notting Hill to the hotel. Plenty of eateries, shops, internet cafe, all walking distance from the hotel. We used one of those hop-on-hop-off double decked tour buses (which you can purchase online or at the hotel lobby) as one of our options of travel and their stop was conveniently just one block from the hotel. So as a hotel, decent and friendly. The room, small, but didn't spend much time there. The location, good with Hyde Park, Notting Hill and Paddington Station nearby. The price, very good for its value, you are getting a clean, updated decent stay for a really good price.	
Mar 6 2004	Very Pleasant Stay	Stayed the last two weeks of February here. Didn't to to London to spend my time in a hotel, so the smallness of the room didn't matter. Lovely clean room and bathroom. All staff were very friendly. Perfect locale for London, directly north of Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens. Only a 10 minute walk from two underground stations that gave access to 3 different lines. Numberous choices of food at the continental breakfast and more than enough to start a day of sight-seeing on. Would not recommend the restaurant or bar for evening meals, but there are plenty of restaurants and pubs nearby. Never seemed to be hot water in the mornings, but I'd usually had a long hot bath to soak my tired legs the night before so this wasn't a problem! Would recommend this hotel to my friends and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 4 2004	very pleasant	My girlfriend and I had a lovely stay at the hotel in the end of February. Welcoming and helpful staff, a nice clean room, a decent breakfast buffet and a very convenient location if you`re travelling by the Heathrow express. AND..we had a superbly heated pool all to ourselves! Close to Hyde park. It`s not a five star, but you certainly get excellent value for money.	
Feb 25 2004	good value	this hotel is in a great location if you use the public transportation-the free breakfast buffet could keep you full til dinner-the pool water temperature was just right-bathrooms were like new. mostly french people stay there. only one warning that we got and unfortunately ignored is that the greek restaurant next door to hotel is terrible but there's plenty of others within walking distance to choose and one in the hotel. i would stay there again.	
Feb 20 2004	Very bad hotel	Probably the worst hotel in London. If you book a room here, you're not even sure of getting one. In the Christmas period this hotel was several times overbooked. And the duty manager was very unfriendly !	
Feb 18 2004	Dreadful Property	My wife and I just returned from a visit to London where we stayed at the Henry VIII hotel. What a disappointment! The internet lodging site had marketed the hotel as a 3-star property; no way ! This is a two-star property at best; very tourist class, full of students. Guest rooms are tiny and the bathrooms are so small only one person can utilize same at a time. Hot water ran out every morning. Front desk staff was rude; restaurant was very bad. Restaurant didn't even open until 7:00 am, not a good thing if you're catching a morning flight or early tour. You can do much better elsewhere; we had previously stayed at the Kensington Close Hotel for the same rate; what a difference! The Kensington Close really is a first class hotel with facilities and staff to match. We would not stay at the Henry VIII again for any rate.	
Feb 1 2004	We Would Stay Again	We stayed at the Henry VIII for a week in January, 2004. This was our second London trip. The hotel was nice, clean, modern enough with some charming quirks of age. Small room, comfortable beds, nice sparkling bathroom. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our toilet flushing mechanism stopped working one day, but was fixed very promptly when we mentioned it to the staff. They also replaced our lost card key without a problem.Though we visited the pool, we never had a chance to use it, but it looked very pretty and inviting. The breakfast buffet had everything we needed to fuel ourselves for a hard day of touring. We tried their Full English one morning, it was OK but I wouldn't get it again. We never visited in the evening, so I can't rate the restaurant.Our only complaint was that the walk to the tube stop seemed to get longer and longer each day. Fortunately, it's in a pleasant area. We would probably stay there again on our next trip - it was a good value for the price.&quot;How many are you?&quot;	
Jan 14 2004	Bad service	The clerks were very unhelpful. The retaurant staff stole money from my wallet when I left the table. No parking available except in a garage that cost 25 GBP/night. Parking tickets in London by the way will cost you about $200 US dollars. Hotel is very unspectacular and old. Would never stay there again.	
Dec 20 2003	Good Value		
Dec 10 2003	Exceptional Hotel in London!		
Nov 11 2003	Great Base For London		
Oct 26 2003	Make this your 1st choice!		
Oct 7 2003	Maximum value		
Sep 29 2003	Nice Hotelclean room friendly staff		
Aug 23 2003	A Good Deal		
Aug 9 2003	Unexpected surprise.		
Jun 27 2003	Clean Friendly and convenient		
Jun 20 2003	Very Nice Hotel		
Nov 17 2009 	Personal perfecto		
Oct 25 2009 	Muy agradable y acogedor		
Oct 23 2009 	Tornerei volentieri		
Oct 5 2009 	Vraiment moyen		
Sep 20 2009 	Recomendable salvo algunos detalles. Muy buen trato del personal y desayuno genial.		
Sep 10 2009 	lo consiglio vivamente		
Jul 9 2009 	finora il peggiore albergo a londra		
Jun 25 2009 	buonissimo hotel!!!		
Jun 20 2009	Henry hotel en Londres		
May 31 2009 	Ottimo hotel!		
May 22 2009 	bueno		
May 6 2009 	barato pero cutre		
May 3 2009 	4 stelle immeritate ma per essere a Londra davvero un buon albergo		
Feb 24 2009 	Es lo que hay		
Oct 19 2008 	peggior albergo della mia vita		
Sep 8 2008 	Buena relación calidad precio. Trato muy amable		
Aug 29 2008 	buon hotel		
Jul 16 2008 	Henry VIII un hotel correcto		
Jul 2 2008 	Buona la posizione e lo staff. Piccole le camere e scarsa la pulizia.		
Mar 11 2008 	Perfecto para españoles		
Feb 23 2008 	Agradable estancia		
Dec 2 2007 	Un ostello venduto per hotel...		
Jun 6 2007 	Muy buen hotel y barato		
Apr 21 2007 	Aceptable y bien ubicado		
Apr 18 2007 	No esta mal pero la habitacion es una caja de cerillas		
May 21 2006	Tutto OK		
