	Excellent hotel	I actually purchased my room on priceline and was not sure what to expect because price was quite reasonable. When I arrived at hotel i was pleasantly suprised. It was a lovely hotel with extremely helpful front desk staff. It has beautiful public space and rooms are comfortable with free minibar and wonderful hot showers. The location was perfect as well in heart of Mayfair. Hotel is highly recommended.	
	Above and beyond my expectations - perfect location amazing service.	Fabulous place to stay for adult travelers or families. Stayed with 2 kids (8 and 6)- children's concierge was amazing...brought movies, a Wii, Monopoly, kids' maps,...- gave the kids plenty of activities to be content after a long day of sightseeing.Perfect location - across from park, quick walk to Buckingham Palace and walking distance (10 mins) to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, and London Eye, short walk to tube stations. Staff was attentive and accommodating to every request.Would absolutely recommend this hotel and stay again and again. A hidden gem!	
	Fabulous Hotel	What a truly Fabulous hotel, I booked this hotel on laterooms.com for a romantic break with my partner. We arrived at the hotel and the staff were very polite and friendly ( yes and the doormen! :O) We were told that we had been upgraded to an apartment that was very nice with a bath, huge bed, living room and kitchen. The bed was so comfy that me and my partner had trouble getting out of it in the morning.The nice late check out meant we could relax and use the sauna and spa rooms and well equip gymAs it was a fleeting visit we didn't have time to use the bar or restaurant but they looked fabulous.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. It was centrally located with a two min walk from Greens park tube station and a hop and a skip to Buckingham palace. We saw a show in the evening and again it is a 10 minute walk to theatrelands West End or 2 tube stops.fabulous fabulous fabulous! stay at the Athenaeum hotel If you want to have a glorious time in London.Georgina Hurcombe Documentary Producer	
Nov 20 2009 	Your Second Home	This is how a hotel should be! As you arrive, the charming doormen give you the feeling that you are at home! They are extremely polite and friendly! Check-in was great, due to an early train, we were already able to check-in at 9 AM! The concierge is amazing, he can make any last minute reservations for you. The spa is very practical as well ,especially after a long day in London. I am always sad to leave, but I know that I will come back. Once you've stayed at the Athenaeum, you just don't go to another hotel, it is just too addictive!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Afternoon tea- Could Have Been So Much Better!	I booked afternoon tea for me and 7 of my friends as a treat for my 28th birthday.Meeting friends for afternoon tea is generally something I only do on special occasions and have had a few in various locations around the country/world. After reading a few reviews and hearing about awards that have been won for the teasat this hotel I was expecting high standards but was left feeling very dissapointed. We arrived on time for our booking but was told our table wasn't ready! We were advised that we could sit and wait and was pointed to a lounge area where we then had to organise ourselves extra chairs to fit around a small table. We had to wait 20 minutes for our table to be ready during which time nobody came to ask us if we would like a drink or take our coats or anything while we was waiting (not a great start).When our table was ready we was escourted to a nice table the ambience, decor and lighting in the area was all very pleasant. Those of us that wanted it were served a glass of Kir Royal (then somebody came to take our coats after we had sat down and started our drinks) we were shown the tea menu which had a substantial selection of teas. The table was layed with blue cups and plates and yellow cups and plates one thing i noted while we were wating was they seemed to have been put down in no particular fashion e.g. one persons place setting might have had a yellow plate, blue cup sitting next to someone with a blue cup and plate and so on, not that that bothers me but I would expect a little more attention to detail from such an establishment (You might expect to get odd cups and plates in a greasy spoon cafe). I also had an oyster fork laid in my place setting rather then a cake/dessert fork like some of my friends had in their place setting.We were then served our sandwiches after a substantial wait (a theme that runs throughout the tea) a little shocked I was expecting tea before sandwiches or at least someone to take our tea order (baring in mind not everyone in my party wanted a Kir Royal and we had a 20 minute wait for our table.) The waiter silver served your chosen sandwiches onto your plate dainty finger sandwiches with the crusts removed (fillings as specified on the menu of the website), Again I felt disappointed the specialty breads tasted like the run of the mill supermarket pre sliced loafs and the fillings were so thin you could barely taste them. The finger sandwiches were also cut to odd sizes and the second round of sandwiches seemed to have a little more filling then the first (which was a good thing but demonstrates the lack of quality control and consistency.) The waiter took our tea order between rounds.After our sandwich plates were cleared and a little wait our tea finally arrived for me and my rather parched friends. The waiter poured your chosen tea for you and then pots were left on the table. After finishing our first cups and waiting a while we realised nobody would be coming to top us up so we started to pour our own cups some of the pots were quite large (where 2 people were sharing the same tea) and because the pots were silver the handles were red hot and although little paper napkins were left on teh handles this was not adequate to prevent you getting burnt and the pots were very full and therefore heavy the girls in my group could not pour there own tea safely so I had to do the honours with the additional help of my linen napkin. The warm scones arrived next (plain and fruit) with clotted crem and home made Jams strawberry and raspberry the strawberry jam was far to runny more like a lumpy coulis then a jam.A pink cup cake was brought out with a candle in it for my birthday which was a nice touch happy birthday was also printed in chocolate on the plate with pink candy cains, flowers and blackberrys.The dessert trolly was brought around next where you were able to choose 2 cakes each I was happy with the birthday cup cake and a piece of chocolate cake from the trolly however both were very disappointing very dry almost stale tasting was actually hard to swallow like mixing cement in your mouth so only eat a bite of each. (My friends were not to impressed with there cakes either one fruit tartlet definatley did not look home made.) The tea finished with teacakes, crumpets and butter but our knives had been cleared with our scones so we had to ask for more so we could butter the teacakes and crumpets (by which time both were cold when the knives arrived) I must also mention the dinning room chairs were also very uncomfortable to be sitting in for prolonged periods we all had back pains at the end of our teasBeing my birthday I had reserved an area in a nearby bar for drinks after but because my table was not ready and the extremley slow service I had to phone ahead to advise I would not make my next booking until later. (I had not envisaged afternoon tea taking 3 hours) I requested the bill which arrived but then the lounge seemed to empty of staff after 6:00pm so ending up leaving my friend to settle the bill (when staff were available to pay.) so we could dash to our next reservation.So in summary a very disappointing experience the service was shabby I have never experienced a service managed in such a manner a different waiter/waitress carried out a different task for each course(e.g. a different waiter served the sandwiches then another for the tea and another for the cake etc) which is why I believe there was such long delays between courses there was not 1 waiter to look after you throughout the meal and therefore monitor your progress and meet your needs. I'm an accomplished cake maker and i could have done a much better job with the cakes then that was on offer at this establishment.Theres much better afternoon tea venues out there including the Park Lane hotel next door!	
Nov 15 2009 	A perfect choice for a stay in LONDON	This hotel is not to be compared against other 5 star hotels. It’s a unique boutique hotel which just gets better every time we stay there. We always look forward to being greeted by the loyal doormen, Jim or John and the reception staff, who always greet you with a smile. We have stayed at this hotel on many occasions over the past 3 years. They have thought of everything to ensure you have an enjoyable stay. The Children’s Concierge is an additional luxury service, as they can organize activities; supply you with computer consoles and board games. The staff uniform is also worth mentioning, as it complements all the staff and you don’t feel your ordering your breakfast with last night’s menu all over the waiter’s shirt. The location is great as its only streets away from Bond Street and surrounded by an endless list of restaurants. However the lunch and evening menu options are great value with traditional classics, cooked with a modern edge served on fine china and silverware.Breakfast at The Athenaeum is great way to start your day, with a wide choice of locally sourced healthy specialties. A personal favorite of mine is the Regents Park Honey. The cooked breakfast is just as it should be its spot on! There is only one thing that spoils a good breakfast and that’s miserable staff, something you definitely will not find at this hotel.The bar is a cosy area to enjoy a drink of any kind surrounded by people enjoying themselves. If you do have time there is a great choice of top magazines and newspapers available around the public areas.The rooms have been recently renovated with soft light welcoming tones, which follow through and lead you to a welcoming luxurious bed with luxurious linen and perfect pillows.The rooftop suites overlooking Green Park have dream views of London. There is a free mini bar on all soft drinks and free Wifi and an ipod docking station. The white marble bathrooms in the suites have televisions and the sumptuous bathroom products by REN are a perfect choice to pamper yourself with.The hotel just seems to get busier and busier every time we stay, Its the perfect choice for a London stay.	
Nov 10 2009 	friendliest staff yet	How refreshing it is to be greeted with genuine warmth by friendly staff. From the cheery doorman to the cheerier( if this is possible) receptionist , this is the welcome you expect, but rarely receive, from a 5* hotel. The rooms are spotless and a good size. If you can get a room overlooking green park you will be delighted. The bathroom is alsod size and tastefully decorated in marble.Non alcoholic drinks and snacks are FREE in the minibar. Non alcoholic drinks and snacks are FREE in the minibar. This is true, pick yourself up off the floor.What a lovely, friendly top hotel, in a top location. Handy for bus and tube and all the super Mayfair/ St James's shops.Many other hotels charge similar rates, but only a couple nearby offer such genuinely friendly, helpful staff.Ace.	
Nov 6 2009 	Maybe My Favorite Hotel Ever	We absolutely loved our stay at this hotel. It was quiet luxury without any of the uptightness that can sometimes happen. We were greeted warmly, showed up to our fabulous apartment (an upgrade from the double room we had booked) and treated kindly the entire time we were there. There was so much to appreciate, from the courteous staff, to the cleanliness, to the artistic special touches and the intimate alcoves in the Whiskey Lounge and tea room. Even the ammenities were wonderful- and appreciated the free internet in the business room. Didn't have time to take advantage of the spa or restaurant, but we will next time! We had a fabulous stay All we can say is Thank You.	
Nov 5 2009 	The Athenaeum Hotel	What an awesome place to stay. Right on Picadilly in London across the park form Buckingham Palace. They treat you like royalty!	
Nov 5 2009 	A never to be forgotten weekend	Just spend a wonderful night in a rooftop suite. A bed like sleeping on downy air, fantastic views over the park, breakfast in bed, intermingling with sitting on the balcony in the fluffy robe. It was my 60th birthday and this was a wonderful surprise. I could hardly sleep after an evening with bubbly and friends in the suite and then dancing at the Dover St jazz bar. The Athenaeum staff were absolutely charming. Standing on the balcony looking over at Big Ben and the Wheel, with all the wonderful autumn colours of the park was just the best. If this is 60 give me more of it!!	
Nov 4 2009 	A true "home away from home"	I have stayed in the Athenaeum apartments twice in 2009 and would recomend them to anyone staying for a few days or more in London. The location is great for sighseeing or business and the apartments are wonderfully fitted out. Service from the staff is excellent particulalry at breakfast in the restaurant. I will always stay there when in London	
Nov 3 2009 	PERFECTION	The Atheneum Hotel is PERFECT.It was our &quot;home&quot; for 6 days, while in London the last week of October.Customer service is impeccable - from doorman, to bellman, to front desk, chambermaids, concierge. Everyone is happy, friendly and polite no pretenses.Our room was amazing - luxurious and comfortable bed, linens, towels, robe, slippers. Lighting, A/C &amp; heat control right next to your bed. Bathroom has all the luxurious amenities one may desire for and more. They provide REN bath products, mending kits, shower cap, cotton buds, facial cotton. Heated towel rack a huge plus.Stunning view of Green Park, extremely lovely in Autumn when colors are changing.5 stars for free Wifi and unlimited free supply of beverages (cola, water, coffee - Nespresso machine to boot, teas, hot cocoa), snacks of nuts, crisps and chocolate bars. A skip hop and a jump away to Green Park underground and an M&amp;S - grocery store. A stroll away from various high-end shops and restaurants.The Atheneum is sheer perfection, a hidden gem in London.Thank you Atheneum staff and management.	
Nov 1 2009 	I just didn't want to leave	This hotel is perfect in every way. The staff are the hotels secret ingredient to a superb stay as they are welcoming, friendly, efficient, helpful and professional. The decor is really interesting and a bit quirky with artistic touches that make me smile. the rooms are comfortable with heavenly beds and pillows, lighting that can be adjusted to bright, for people like me who are not seeing as well as they used to, or muted for a more romantic touch. They are well equipped with free soft drinks, snacks, nespresso coffee ~(or instant if preferred) slippers and lovely warm bathrobes. Good REN bath products including both shampoo and conditioner (so much better than the all in one variety) big fluffy towels, powerful shower, good bath and, for a change, free wifi. What could be better than a good nights sleep in a lovley bed with a fresh cup of good coffee and the paper in the morning, in a room kept beautifylly clean and fresh by wonderfully efficient chambermaids and people who seem genuinely interested in your having had a good day/night and then after wandering back after the theatre to be greeted with &quot;welcome Home&quot;. This hotel is heaven.	
Oct 31 2009 	An absolute gem	My wife and I stayed at the Athenaeum sadly only for one night on the 17th October.We have stayed here a few times before for a treat and never been disappointed,our last stay was no exception.We were checked in speedily and also greeted by name which i thought was a nice touch.As it was our wedding anniversary the hotel very kindly upgraded us to an Apartment!!!! WOW it was the size of our house! very very comfortable and made our stay all the more memorableThe one thing that makes this hotel is that its family run and all the staff are so helpful and friendly.We cant wait to go back	
Oct 30 2009 	Expesive Dated and Noisy 2 bed Apartment	My family and I recently stayed in a 2 bed apartment at the Athenaeum. In short, the apartment we were allocated was situated directly above a very popular tapas bar (open 11.30am-midnight). The noise from below was very bad, and continued throughout the day, totally unsuitable for our young family (particularly our baby who was sleeping in the lounge area). Despite the promise of toys suitable for our children, a box of lego and 2 colouring books were provided for the first nights stay (we later requested a DVD which promptly arrived complete with popcorn). The 2 bed apartments are situated at the back of the hotel and have yet to be refurbished. The decor is dated, but the beds were comfortable. Upon arrival there was a small leak in one of the bathrooms which was quickly addressed. Unfortunately the same could not be said for the entry cards which continually did not work (we ended up needing 6 replacement cards for our 2 night stay).The kitchen was very handy and the inclusive mini bar a great idea (though it wasn't restocked during our stay). We ended up ordering breakfast in the room - arrived punctually, however, both mornings a couple of items were missing.On the whole, the staff were very pleasant, it was more the accommodation that was very disappointing. Certainly the 2 bed apartments are not suitable for anyone who has young children, or light sleepers. Needless to say, we won't be returning.	
Oct 26 2009 	Best hotel in London!	This is the best place I have ever stayed in when in London. The staff are fantastic and always able to help. The rooms were perfect and much larger than most London hotels, plus they are equipped with everything you could possibly need. The location is perfect for walking or catching the subway as Green Park station is right there. My friend and I had the most pleasant experience and i would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Oct 25 2009 	Unexpectedly luxurious up to date without too much minimalist decor	This is a boutique style hotel, newly refurbished so everything is pristine, lots of glass and light being used to good effect to create a sense of space. Well located about 2 mins walk to Green Park Station. Lovely comfortable rooms with every facility incl. an iPod dock, although not an LED clock somewhere in the room which would have been handy as I can't see my watch in the dark!. Luxurious if small bathroom with fluffy new white robes, (slippers delivered at turndown time), and great view onto Green Park and beyond. A special feature is the staff who are charming and helpful. Table d'hote dinner is good value, for London, with prices at £22 for 2 courses, £27 for 3. Breakfast is expensive but the quality was great. It was a pleasure to find a mini bar where soft drinks and snacks were not charged for at a hefty rate, being free. We liked the Whisky lounge with its mellow atmosphere for the evenings, and the Garden Room is a nice spot for afternoon tea (for which the hotel apparently has an award) and is not too feminine in decor, so we spotted quite a few men having tea there, unlike some other places where it has all got very frilly. We loved it and would happily return when we are staying in London again.	
Oct 23 2009 	The staff makes a stay at this boutique hotel very special	My three sisters and I had beautiful connecting rooms on the third floor overlooking Green park. The bay windows that opened with the juliet balconies were wonderful and we would sit having our tea or whiskies and watch the world whirl by. Shutting the windows cut the noise dramatically but we kept them cracked a bit to soak up the London sounds. The rooms were a good size with comfortable beds covered with fluffy duvets.The bathroom was larger than others I have had in London. Because we paid for these upgraded rooms we had free access to eveything in the mini bar, including alcohol. Everything was replenished daily. We loved the peppercorn crisps! The hotel has free wireless which was great.The staff of this hotel is what really makes the difference. From Jim and John, the doormen, to Saleem, who checked us in and then personally took us to our rooms, to the general manager and his staff who invited us to a cocktail reception and then made us feel very welcome.....this hotel made us feel very special.The location is perfect for seeing London. There are two tube stops nearby. You can cross the street and be at Buckingham Palace in 5 minutes. We had many restaurants within a couple blocks. We loved Pret a Manger for breakfast and stopped by several times. We had one breakfast in the hotel but we aren't really buffet brunch people no matter how elegant it is.I can't think of a negative thing to say about the Athenaeum. It will be the hotel we return to on our next trip to London.	
Oct 17 2009 	"Green" Hotel in a Perfect Location	I was staying in the Athenaeum in September for two nights. I've been trying out hotels in London in the past few years, and I must say, this one is one of my favourites. Its location is very good, only five minutes from Green Park tube station and only a couple of minutes to Marble Arch Tube station.You instantly recognise the hotel by its landmark wall garden, which attracts butterflies in the day and is lit in a gloomy green at night. The staff is friendly and helpful, and although our room was located with its windows looking at the backyard, the rooms surpassed my expectations. The beds are fluffy, the minibar is complimentary (except for some alcoholic drinks) and the entertainment system is faboulus. The Athenaeum might become one of my &quot;safe harbours&quot; in London :)	
Oct 12 2009 	lovely	My teenage daughter and i stayed here for four nights. Great location, very clean and well-appointed rooms, free mini-bar goodies, excellent espresso machine in the room. The service was good and they provided popcorn with free DVD's and milk and cookies in the evening. The location is right across from Green Park and only a few minutes from the Piccadilly Line tube, yet surprisingly quiet. The staff is very helpful. Our room was only one step up from the basic and it had a lovely bay window. The breakfast is over-priced but for a minute's walk you have many other choices. Great workout facilities and spa amenities.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fabulous Hotel!	If you want to treat yourself in London, stay here. It is expensive (on my salary), but worth it. The staff was excellent. They answered every question that I had and made reservations for a play and a bus tour. They had a maid in the morning and a maid that turned down the bed at night. (Nice touch.) You could have everything in the fridge for free (except for the liquor) and that was great. They had a tea kettle, a coffee thing (that I didn't understand) and various cups etc. We were in the back, so we didn't have any problem falling asleep.I found tiny flaws. I know that they just made over the rooms. And, I had a small room, as one would expect in London. But the mirrors! They were on one wall, the closet was mirrored, the bathroom door was mirrored, both sides. It would have been nice if I was size 2, but I am not. The other thing was the bathroom door didn't open all the way, so I had to wedge myself in. I had a hard time getting in the bathtub to take a shower. (I have a disability.) I asked the manager and had another manager show me a room that had a shower that you didn't have climb into. That was important and now I know what to ask before I make a reservation. All in all, if I had the money again, I would stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfect location and beautiful decor though expensive!	I treated my husband to a night's stay at this hotel for a birthday present and booked it through the &quot;Secret Rooms&quot; on Laterooms.com. The hotel itself has the most perfect location being a five minute walk from Buckingham Palace and very close to Hyde Park and Kensington Palace. It is easily accessible by tube (though tricky at weekend due to ongoing maintenance!) and car and occupies a plot opposite the beautiful Green Park.On arrival, we were greeted by the wonderfully friendly and caring staff who couldn't do enough for us. They made a huge fuss of our 6 month old baby which was especially good as many higher end hotels are not keen fans of babies! Our room was beautifully decorated with warm colours and quirky London features such as miniature soldiers in bearskins in a cabinet and a picture with many London landmarks. There was a Nespresso machine with a choice of coffee and all the soft drinks and snacks in the mini bar were free. Prior to arrival, we were sent a questionnaire asking us our favourite hobbies etc and when we arrived, they had put a Nintendo Wii with games in the room, as well as a DVD player and children's DVDs.My only criticism of the hotel is the food and beverages prices. It was £7.75 for a 50ml measure of gin and our two club sandwiches with chips and bottle of wine room service bill came to £60.00. Whilst I accept that London is expensive and 5* hotels are expensive, I cannot possible fathom how a sandwich can cost £15!!!Having said that, I would stay in the hotel again as the location was perfect and the staff were excellent. I just might take my own sandwiches next time!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Encore visit superb service elegant comfort the best staff!	A second visit for us to this hotel, we are a well traveled family of that frequents 4/5 star properties in the US. Upon arrival we were welcomed by the on staff mgr/kids' concierge who personally installed the Wii to my jet lagged kids' delight. The bell staff are world class and make each entrance and exit of your trip like you are leaving a friend's home. The accomodations are superb down from the comfortable bedding and the elegant restaurant, to the complementary stocked pantry with a stash of pleasant snacks and bottled water. There are a lot of high end options in London yet this distinguishes itself from the others in numerous ways that are important to the well-traveled. It is competitively priced.	
Oct 6 2009 	SPA	Booked a Spa treatment at the hotel for myself and daughter. Wonderful location and very nice staff. Pleasant doorman - great all round.	
Oct 5 2009 	Lovely hotel individual and great service	This is a lovely hotel - the staff are full of personality and very helpful. The location is great, 2 minutes from Green Park tube and walking distance from Picadilly/REgents Street etc.we stayed in a room quite high up and it was small! In fact it was very small, and the double bed was also small. Got a good deal on Lastminute but - although well equipped, small room. BUT - lots of lovely freebies. REN toiletries, robes to use, slippers, everything non alcoholic in the mini bar was complimentary and well equipped room with great Ipod speakers, free wifi, well stocked fridge, state of the art lighting system and nice and quiet. Overall, I would return. I might try and get a bigger room but it was a good deal and I really liked the ambience. Bar is very nice and well stocked (if you like scotch whisky you're really in luck) but tiny! Menu looked good too. All in all cosy, stylish, friendly and well equipped.	
Oct 3 2009 	Truelly fantastic	Wonderful hotel. Great service. Now they can check even you in in the whisky bar. The card was already filled out, luggage disappeared to the room and able to get my emails because they don't charge you for wifi. This hotel is ahead of the game.	
Sep 29 2009 	Wonderful Afternoon Tea	We had an absolutely wonderful afternoon tea at the Athenaeum - I had looked at the reviews online and saw that it had won an award this year.The staff were extremely helpful and courteous. Would highly recommend!	
Sep 28 2009 	Milk and Cookies Turn-Down Serive - London for Kids at its Best!	Athenaeum Hotel and Apartments offer spacious luxury living with a family twist…think video game coffee tables, game boards, toy baskets and milk and cookies delivered to your room every night. Your kids will never want to go home! Occupying a row of Edwardian townhouses in a classic English neighborhood, the apartments offer plenty of room for the whole family to spread out as well as the convenience of a full kitchen, washer and dryer, dining area and more. This hotel offers parents top design and luxury while catering to kids of all ages offering a home away from home you’ve always wanted (if it weren’t for those pesky kids leaving all their toys everywhere) atmosphere!	
Sep 24 2009 	Great service combined with a wonderful location	This gem of a hotel has one of the best people. From the bellhop to the receptionists, they were all very warm and welcoming to all their guests. I enjoyed the fact that the tall guy up front (it's too bad I didn't get his name but he is hard to miss...tall English man with white hair) always says &quot;Welcome home!&quot; with his deep voice and trademark smile whenever you get back to the hotel. He is my favorite guy there. The waiters in the restaurants were also kind enough to explain how the breakfast menu works (there were 2 types of breakfast available) and the different courses for lunch. The amount attention given to us was just right, they aim to please but are not over eager to do so. The big Marks and Spencers is just about .7 miles away (Oxford Street) while Harrods and Harvey Nichols would be approximately the same distance (.7 to .8 miles) but towards a different direction. The Original Sightseeing Tour buss has a stop across the street so this added to the convenience of this hotel's location. Numerous restaurants are within walking distance. The room and toilet were quite small but they were very clean. Other than the room size, there is really nothing to complain about. Another plus was that the internet was free.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed for the weekend.Staff very friendly and helpful.The room was spacious and very comfortable and recently refurbished.The hotel location is great for getting around west london.Would definately stay again.	
Aug 18 2009 	great location comfortable stay	Check-in was welcoming but the orginial room I was assigned was not. It was at the back of the hotel, very dark, small with a disabled facilites bathroom. When I requested to change rooms, reception were great. They upgraded me to a better room on the side of the hotel which was much more spacious, comfortable and hospitable. Stayed there for 2 nights, the doorman was very friendly and helpful and I would recommend this hotel to those of you who are looking for a great location in the centre of london. PS- the complimentary soft drinks, snacks and proper coffee in the rooms was a refreshing change.	
Aug 18 2009 	Fabulously splendid luxury girly retreat	Having frequented the Athenaeum for a variety of occassions previously, I booked the Athenaeum expecting the warmth, generosity of staff and relaxed luxury that I have come to expect from this establishment. However I did know that the hotel has been slowly refurbishing over the past year and so hoped that the magical qualities that had  prescribed its quiet charm had not been disrupted. We were not disappointed. On entering the hotel for check in we were told that there would be a short ten minute wait for our room and were shown into the beautifully appointed hotel bar where we were served complimentary mango sorbet chocolate cones whilst we waited. It is hidden touches such as these that just serve to create the delightful ambience where you are consistantly surprised and provoke some very precious memories. After being shown up to our room by the receptionist we set our eyes on a fabulously quirky design that consisted of all the most dapper of British qualities- humour, eccentricity, glamour and complete style, an elegant setting for an elegant trip. Throughout our stay we could not have felt more welcomed by the staff who really do act as though they are just there to create every detail for your utter ease and also enjoyed some superb cocktails and wine in the beautiful bar. A higly recommended place to stay, thank you so much the Athenaeum!	
Aug 17 2009 	Wonderful Service and Perfect Location	We stayed four nights in a 2BR/2BA apt (actually two one bedroom apartments opened up to connect). We had terrific service the entire time from all of the staff- -desk, door, bell, concierge, even when my temper flared over the DVD and airconditioning. This was clearly 5 star service. Any time we asked for ice, or anything, someone arrived very promptly. Ditto previous poster regarding location- -could not be better. I would also mention that the Shepherd's Square area of Mayfair is a three minute walk from the apartments and is a great place to grab a late breakfast or visit a pub. The rooms were nicely furnished and housekeeping was very good. Our apartment could have used a little fresh paint and carpet, and a microwave. Also, one side of our apartment had a strangely controlled air conditioning unit and I had to call for help with it. Later, I discovered a laminated card in the drawer of one of the tables that explained its use. I'm sure a previous occupant had put the card in a drawer. However, it was really handy to have the small washer/dryer unit in the kitchen, and the concierge had placed an XBOX in the unit for my son. We had plenty of space to spread out. The apartment felt like a home away from home. We had one breakfast in the hotel and it was fabulous, and quite expensive. The restaurant was very stylishly decorated and appeared to be very popular.I would definitely return and recommend it to anyone looking for an apartment, but also with the service of a fine hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Yet another enjoyable experience at the wonderful Athenaeum	I first had the pleasure of staying at the Athenaeum approx 4 years ago, and having stayed in numerous other establishments over the years I have found nowhere that comes close. From the moment you approach the main doors, either John or Jim are there to welcome you, in a manner that goes beyond simple politeness, the welcome feels as genuine as it possibly could be. Reception staff have at all times been polite, friendly and efficient. The rooms are always well presented and the recent refurbishment is testimony to the owners determination to keep this hotel at the top of its game. Unlike many hotels who let their rooms become worn and tired to the point that they almost scream &quot;refurb&quot; at you as you enter...I've yet to see a room that I would have considered in need of any works whatsoever, hence my suprise that works were being carried out throughout the establishment! My only gripe in the older rooms was the size of the bath, that now seems to be remedied and certainly feels more comfortable...not sure where the extra space has been stolen from though! The park view rooms feature floor to ceiling opening doors with views of....and from higher floors...over, Green Park and Piccadilly. Complementary soft drinks, mini bar snacks, tea, coffee and hot chocolate add to the experience, that whilst representing no &quot;great&quot; cost for any hotel, its just something that you don't normally see provided ...but do normally pay unreasonable charges for. Well done Athenaeum management for that little touch.The Whisky Bar has a warm and friendly ambience and is very welcoming after a late night. Its the only bar that I have seen the Arran Malt on sale, and as I refuse to open my own bottle of Founders Reserve for sentimental reasons, I get to sample it at the Athenaeum! Again, service is always polite and friendly.If I had to look for any faults, perhaps a cd player in the room, a tv with a sleep timer, less complex lighting (feels good once its sussed out) and the return of the Neutrogena Rainbath shower gel....but all very minor and really wouldn't stop me from recommending it to anyone....OH and there's always an adequate number of coat hangers and a working iron and often a copy of Time Out or a Whats On magazine in the rooms! Externally the addition of the living wall is something to behold and sets the Athenaeum apart as host to the first such wall in London!All great stuff and looking forward to the next visit.Glenn.	
Jul 14 2009	THE ATHENAEUM-Amazing London Apartment/hotel!	We have just returned from a wonderful family trip to London, Spain, France and Italy (I will write reviews for all of our &quot;finds&quot;! For the London portion of our trip, we stayed at The Athenaeum Hotel and Apartments. We are a family of five (three teens) along with my mother who met us in London for five days! LOCATION-Unbelievably perfect...located just down the street from The Ritz on Piccadilly! Cross the street from the hotel and you are in Green Park (we enjoyed a picnic dinner in the park on our last night!) Walk thru the park and you are standing right in front of Buckingham Palace! Cross the street (from the hotel) and walk less than a block and you are at Green Park Tube station! Look out one of your windows and see a picture perfect London street with a little church at the end! APPEARANCE-gorgeous, elegant Manhattan style apartment building (they also have a hotel at the front of the building). Beautiful flower boxes welcome you as you enter the oversized shiny black front door and foyer with an inlaid tile floor. The high ceilinged rooms that house the living room (w/a fireplace surrounded by an elegant mantel- (it was well into the 90's, so it was not used), bedroom, eating room, and bathrooms are traditionally decorated with gorgeous damask fabric curtains. The kitchen allowed us to shop at Mark and Spencer (great London grocery store about a block away) and prepare breakfasts and sometimes dinner on our own schedule. The washing machine came in handy as well! THE STAFF- they became dear family friends to our family! Serena, John, April, Emma, and Tom (and every other employee I may be forgetting) were the sweetest, most helpful people while we stayed in London. Our oldest celebrated his birthday while we were in London and Serena helped make it a special day for him! The Hard Rock Cafe is just down the street as well! Our kids are in love with London and look forward to returning...be it for pleasure, study or living!! All of us were a bit sad to leave our home away from home on our last day! I truly believe our children's love for London comes in part from their stay at the Athenaeum.	
Jul 9 2009 	Absolutely fantastic venue	I attended a business meeting here recently. From the very first enquiry, right through to when we left the Hotel, the service was second to none! The rooms we booked were exactly as described, if not better! I cannot rate The Athenaeum highly enough!All, and I mean ALL staff we encountered were the epitome of excellence.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great location; friendly 	We stayed for 3 nights in a 1 bedroom apartment. The service was wonderful - warm and helpful from the moment we walked into the lobby! Compared to the light-filled hotel rooms (which face Green Park) the apartments are a little dark as they face a narrow streetfront. However, they were very comfortable and spacious, and it was a lovely touch that there were books and toys for our young child in the apartment upon our arrival. The kitchenette was adequate for a few days' stay However, it could really do with a microwave, especially for families with young children who need to warm up milk several times a day and don't want to be standing over a stove. I learned later that the Athenaeum has a sister property of serviced apartments at 23 Greengarden House near Oxford Street which looks better equipped for longer stays, so I may well check that out next time. The location of the Athenaeum is pretty unbeatable though - walking distance to pretty much everywhere one would want to visit in central London, assuming the weather cooperates!	
Jun 30 2009 	Great people in a nice location	We rented a 1-bedroom apartment within 24 hours notice. Quite spacious apartments in the heart of London in Mayfair - just a 5 minute walk from Green Park tube station. Diana and Serena in guest relations are simply superb.After having traveled for nearly 60 days in Europe over three trips, I have now a fairly decent sense of hotels and so even though I really like this hotel, I am rating it the way it is - my overall impression is favorable but specifics of the hotel left me wanting a bit. The wifi here also has some issues - serviced by a company called WiFiSpark - I sent them an email with issues (does not work on iphone and does not support facebook) and it took them only 7 days to write back to me.The price is high and perhaps the value is low. We decided to stay at the 196 Bishopsgate for the second half of our trip - I will post a review when the trip ends.	
Jun 27 2009 	Fantastic Hotel I loved every minute of my stay	The Athenaeum is one of the best hotels I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. We were staying in a suite on the 7th floor, overlooking Green Park and it was simply divine. Our suite had everything ready and in perfect working order to make our stay comfortable and the staff were very efficient and helpful, going out of their way to make sure we were happy and well looked after. The bed was luxuriously comfortable, with soft, freshly washed linen and our suite also featured a walk in double shower in the bathroom, including a bath with a huge mirrored wall, which gave a sense of spaciousness. All the rooms in the suite were very large in comparrison to other London hotels and this made us feel very at home and comfortable during our stay.The room service is very quick and efficient and the food is delicious. After returning from a show rather late at night I was incredibly hungry so ordered up some food, it arrived to my room promptly and the dining staff were very helpful and professional. I would definitely stay at The Athenaeum again and am also considering booking my parents a weekend stay for their anniversary. A delightful hotel that is both exceedingly beautiful and up market, but also comfortable and homely, a real gem!!.	
Jun 20 2009 	Welcome home!	Welcome home. That’s the Athenaeum’s motto when you walk in the door. And, boy, do they life up to that statement. This really does become your HOME while in London. I struck up conversations with most of the doormen, who were all top-notch. They would see me walking from a far and wave. There was also EXCELLENT service everywhere else as well. The front desk man who checked me in and escorted me to my room would see me occasionally during my stay and approach me, call me by name, and ask me if everything was OK. “Do you need anything?” And the politeness and courtesy never seemed forced or pressured. It seemed like they really, genuinely cared about my needs and my experience at their hotel. The room was large and very comfy. And the soft drinks, water, and snacks in the mini bar were all complementary…something I have NEVER, EVER seen in London before. Would I say here again? In a heartbeat. Welcome home is right!	
Jun 15 2009 	Fantastic stay can't wait to go back.	We wanted a reasonably priced stay because we were going to dinner at Claridges and booked direct with the hotel because they were offering the same price as Laterooms.com. I mentioned it was my husband's 40th birthday and didn't think anymore of it. They greeted us warmly and then mentioned that they had upgraded us free of charge which was a pleasant surprise. Checking in was super quick and the lady then gave us a quick guided tour of the hotel's facilities then showed us to our lovely bedroom. Soft drinks and snacks were free and there was also a coffee machine (and tea/coffee making facilities) with fresh milk in the fridge. So many little thoughful extras that will make us want to go back! The hotel has undergone a major refurbishment and it's gorgeous. The attention to detail is brilliant, my husband went home wanting to change everything in our house. We have stayed in many hotels in London and throughout the country and this is the first time we have bothered to review one. The service was excellent and basically we could not fault our stay.	
Jun 12 2009 	Wonderful Experience	My husband had business in London and naturally I came along. It's the 3rd time we have stayed here and it was the best! The rooms are large and well appointed. The service is amazing and the hotel is sparkling clean. Everyone is cordial and beyond helpful. I want to give a shout out to Jim and John at the door, John behind the front desk, Darren and Duncan were great as concierges and the siblings from Brazil in the dining room for breakfast each moring made my meal extremely enjoyable! What can I say/ I can't wait to come back. I adore London and staying at the Atheneum is one of the reasons.	
Jun 5 2009 	Beautiful friendly and individual facilities and service - highly recommend	I booked the Athenaeum as a Last Minute top secret hotel (I wanted to try something different), so I literelly didn't know what to expect. I was so, so pleasantly surprised. The location is central and convenient for pretty much anything in central London. But the facilities and staff themselves are what make the place so fantastic. My room was so well-decorated that I'm actually considering stealing some of their ideas. When I checked in, they informed me that all the soft drinks and snacks in the mini bar were complimentary (and they really didn't charge me for them!), and their whisky selection and the bar is really amazing (the choice and service all-round is great). I didn't get to use their spa/sauna/steam room facilities, but extrapolating judgement from other areas I'd expect them to be great. The best part was, I booked the hotel for my husband's birthday, and looked totally awesome for doing so. I definitely plan to go back again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Awesome in every way!	We were lucky enough to enjoy 3 nights at the Athenaeum Apartments and enjoyed every aspect of this boutique hotel &amp; apartments, the location is premium, opp. Green Park, a short walk to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Piccadilly &amp; Regent streets, Soho and everything London has to offer.Our apartment was one of the older ones,with 2 bedrooms, but still great, as it was full of character, well equipped &amp; fridge stocked with freebies, as well as a good array of free snacks refilled every day. Our friends had a 3 bed room apartment, this would be good value if you had 3 couples sharing &amp; split the cost, each apartment had a roomy lounge as well.	
May 28 2009 	Would definitely return but not to the same room.	This is a stunning hotel in an excellent location. Unfortunately, we only stayed one evening which our daughter had booked through an internet site, so I've no idea of the cost. We were celebrating a joint birthday and anniversary and as such our stay was viewed as a treat. Unfortunately, and as mentioned, our initial impression was overshadowed by the scaffolding to the front and rear of the hotel. But no sooner had we emerged from the taxi, when an attentative doorman opened the door for us - a most welcome gesture and typical of a top hotel. The booking in was efficient and fast, although the site that my daughter had booked it through was mentioned, which we couldn't understand the reason for, unless it was just to clarify the confirmation? Unlike others, we weren't offered an upgrade but this might have been because the rooms were booked at a discounted rate due to the renovations that were taking place.A lovely gentleman whipped our suitcases away and deposited them in our rooms, and they'd kindly allocated a room next door for our daughter.. Unfortunately, the scaffolding work (which I've since noticed seems to have been removed from the front) came up to our bedroom windows, which were situated at the rear, but there was no problem with any noise - just a barely-existent view of a courtyard below. However, we were there to see a show and have a small celebration, so didn't intend doing more than just sleep and bathe etc.As our stay was so short, we didn't have time to make use of the hotels excellent facilities, nor did we have breakfast there. The rooms we were allocated were slightly on the tired side for the star rating, and they weren't rooms that you'd have wanted to stay in for too long, but again, that was probably due to the renovations. The rooms were of a generous size by London standards, and as expected, clean and comfortable, The bathroom was well-stocked with toiletries, and immaculate. The communal areas were immaculate also, but time was so limited we didn't even have time to wander around this excellent hotel.Our short stay was enhanced by the excellent and friendly staff who couldn't be faulted, and we'd definitely stay again, but only if we paid more for an upgraded room. Would recommend this hotel to friends and family once the renovations are completed, as I'm sure that no-one would be disappointed by this well-located and up-market establishment.	
May 27 2009 	The best place I've ever stayed!	Like many reviewers I booked this as a top secret hotel on last minute.com we stayed the weekend of my boyfriends birthday. We didn't get any birthday cards or uogrades, but even without either of these it was still an amazing hotel! I've never stayed in a hotel where the receptionist leads you to your room, so that felt a nice touch!The room was huge and well maintained. There are only two things I could complain about (if nit picking) one was that the central controls for the room were too easy to turn off all the lights. The other was the lemony fragrance pumped through the air con day and night which i could almost taste in the morning. Aside from this the stay was amazing and I'd definitely go back (if I could get the same price again, however it seems to be a lot more now than when I stayed so it doesn't look likely to happen soon.)	
May 24 2009 	Good location but more like a 4 star	The location near Green Park tube is fantastic - three tube lines go through here, as well as plenty of nearby buses. Size of room not bad for London, quite comfortable - beds were nice. There was no view from my room , it was a quiet room but it looked out on a brick wall of the neighbouring building. Bathroom was small but has nice soap &amp; shower gel etc. The hotel was being renovated which is probably why I got a good rate on lastminute.com. Overall not bad, but probably not 5 star standard - felt more like a 4 star.	
May 18 2009 	top hotel	me and my wife booked it for our birthday what can i say top staff great room clean stylish, location is perfect we loved it and would be there again very soon i recomend this place to all	
May 7 2009 	Great hotel freindly staff	My fiance booked this hotel for my 30th Birthday. It was not cheap but I think it was worth every penny.When we arrived we were quickly checked in and shown to our room by the freindly receptionist. As requested we had a smoking room which was not expected. As it was my 30th birthday the hotel had arranged a complementary upgrade which included a bottle of wine and a gift. The room was big and comfortable. The only downside to the accomadation was that the bath was very small although the shower was powerfull. The room came equipt with a large flat screen TV a Bose i-pod dock and a coffee machine. Also included were bath robes and slippers which was a nice touch. I didn't try out the spa facilities, but they looked good.Overall this was a fantastic luxury place to stay and I really felt pampered. We didn't eat breakfast here as it was £24 per person, instead we went to Harry's bar just down the road for a great value very tasty breakfast which I would highly recconmend. I would stay here again as is in a great location very comfortable and a real treat.	
Apr 30 2009 	Awful service !!!	I had the most awful experience I've ever had at any hotel I've stayed at during my stay at the Athenaeum Hotel in March. I found many of the concierge to be unfriendly and the service to be of a consistently low-standard, especially reservationist Myriam who was pretty unpleasant and unhappy when I was asking questions and an indian guy showing no respect for other people. How Awful!?!Moreover, I did my drycleaning there and had to return a pair of pants three times, and another shirt twice, before stains were removed that I had pointed out each time. Room are very tiny.This was a disappointing stay and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 24 2009 	Very very nice indeed!	Not really sure why some people are not happy with this place as the rooms and public areas are the cleanest of any hotel I have ever stayed at in London and I've stayed in many! Yes the breakfast is not cheap at £27.50 (most rates include it anyway) and the minibar is way overpriced (there's a minimarket on the adjacent street just a minutes walk away), but everyhting else was absolutely top notch and the staff are just so, so friendly. Overall a great clean bill of health.	
Apr 21 2009 	good location smart hotel attentive staff	Arrived and made welcome quick check in and room good. breakfast expensive as were bar drinks.	
Apr 21 2009 	Expected a lot more for my money poky tatty room - disappointed	I chose this hotel for a relaxing indulgent weekend away by myself, and treated myself to what I thought would be five star luxury, based on the website. The location was great, but my room was really a big let down. It was so small and cramped in there, the furniture was tatty, the bath was not full size. I've stayed in many better hotel rooms (pretty much any in the US have beaten it for size and quality of decor/fittings). It felt like a budget room, but it was very far from being a budget price. Aside from that, the room service was very good and prompt; breakfast was good, though I had to wait a long while as it was too busy to get a table on the Sunday morning, which seemed a bit poor. Front of house seemed a bit cramped (in comparison to other places I've stayed) - not very much of a wow factor. I was unable to get the treatments I required at the health spa as they were overbooked, but after making a fuss, was offered the option to have a massage and pedicure in my room (getting the foldaway table in my room was quite a struggle, and once it was erected the therapist couldn't move around it very well, so it was all a bit comical and not quite the relaxing experience I'd hoped for). I paid top whack for the single room I had (which had a small double bed). I'm off to London again soon and have chosen a different hotel - very little about the Athenaeum would entice me back.	
Apr 3 2009 	Not 5 star standard but good food	Husband and I stayed here for one night last March- having a much needed night off from our 3 month old baby. We live in London and wanted to stay in a nice hotel centrally and just have a little break from the rigours of having a new baby. We booked this because it was 5 stars and we got a good deal on last minute dot com.We were disappointed by the quality- we expected more for 5 stars. Our room was tiny and not particularly luxurious- it was high up and had a partial view of the park though. It was next to the lift shaft and there was constant noise from that so we asked to be moved which they did very promptly. We were moved to a lower floor and I imagine a more expensive room as the nextr room was very big indeed but again, same standard of decor etc.The bathroom was standard fare- marble counter tops etc, but the toiletries were awful, synthetic not at all luxurious, not 5 star.We ate in the restaurant which has had a makeover and is a lovely, warm space- approached through a really cosy bar area. It is perfect for a romantic meal- all shades of pink and gold and the tables are not too close together. The food was excellent and good value.I would recommend the Athenaeum if you can get a deal on the internet but otherwise there are definitely better 5 star options in central london- the Dorchester being one or the Churchill on portman Square which is a fantastic place with luxury rooms and a great breakfast.	
Apr 1 2009 	Good location great staff	Really enjoyed our recent stay at this hotel. The standard rooms are as small as one would expect for a city central hotel room, but the staff were so welcoming and helpful that I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Makes a world of difference when you get a sense of genuine hospitality.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great hotel and great location!	I stayed here for a night whilst catching up with friends in London. Booked through a well known late availability site and was very impressed with the hotel! I usually stay at the Cavendish on Jermyn St but decided to try the Athenaeum because my parents had stayed here and said it was nice. On arrival I was greeted by a very friendly and polite doorman and then an equally friendly and polite chap on reception (I think his name was Jonathan). He could not have been more helpful and also told me that I had been given an upgraded room (room 803 if anyone's interested!). The room was fantastic - I had a view across Green Park - and was spacious and spotlessly clean. Nicely furnished and even had a very swanky coffee machine, CD player and a minibar with complimentary chocolate, nuts, crisps and soft drinks which was a nice touch. I'm guessing this would be an Executive Room and they just upgraded me because they had the availability to do so - it was nice that they did. The bathroom was very nice with a powerful shower and plenty of fluffy towels. The location is perfect - just a short walk from Green Park tube and close to Buckingham Palace, Fortnum &amp; Mason and a wealth of shops on Piccadilly and Regent St. Also just a 10-15 minute walk from Leicester Square. There are also lots of great restaurants nearby including the very nice Shepherd Market area just a few steps away. I would emphasise that I was lucky enough given an upgraded room whilst when my parents were staying they had a standard room - however they had absolutely no complaints with it at all. I don't think they had a park view but other than that they were very happy with it. I found all the staff to be really friendly and helpful and there definitely was no &quot;big hotel&quot; indifference. They really seem to care about making sure guests have a nice stay. For the quality of accomodation and price paid I felt that the Athenaeum was extremely good value and I would definitely recommend it and stay there again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Incredible staff wonderful Hotel	My husband &amp; I just had a lovely 40th Wedding Anniversary Weekend at The Athenaeum Hotel, the staff were the so friendly &amp; helpful. Special thanks to Diane who organized for our room to be upgraded. We will be returning very soon, thank you so much for making it so special.	
Mar 11 2009 	Hypnos Beds Fantastic Breakfasts and Super Friendly staff	This is our fifth visit to the Athenaeum in the last three years. The hotel is currently shrouded in scafflding while exterior work is being done. Finished soon. Usually a bad sign. Not here. We were shown to our room by a bubbly front desk girl who clearly loved her job. The room was recently renovated and spotless. They had maintaned the lovely marble bathrooms, but put in new large flat screen tv's.After two nights on the luxurious mattress my wife looked to see what kind it wa and voila, a Hypnos bed. This is a bedmaker to the Queen and is particularly good if like me you have allergies to dust mites. At home I wake up every morning feeling stuffed up, here no such problem. Great timing for us as we were considering buying just such a bed, but wanted to be sure it was worth the high price. Now thanks to Athenaeum we can go ahead and purchase in complete confidence. What a fantastic side benefit from returning to this hotel. Breakfasts are served in a modern smart restaurant and is excellent and varied. All staff from front desk, concierge, bellman, and restaurant staff really do seem to love their jobs. We have seen most of them on repeat visits, and I think that too is a good sign.I just hope my glowing review does not do too much to make this hotel much more popular (selfish I know).	
Mar 9 2009 	Not worth the money friendly service	Booked this through lastminute as many ppl have recently as a birthday trip for me and bf.We actually walked past the hotel a few times as we couldn't find it through all the refurbishment works going on outside.We were in the apartments down the way and so had a lovely view of an office block and had workers watching us.The room was a twin, and when the receptionist showed us to the room she commented that oh dear, this is a twin - we'll have it made as a double - and the beds were just pushed together. It was not comfortable.The thermostat was set at 32c when we got there -so we had to put the aircon on, which was so noisy all night!There was some filthy insect in the sink (i think it was a silverfish) in the morning.The longlife milk in the frisge was out of date so no tea in the morning.Appauling considering it is a 5 star hotel.	
Mar 8 2009 	Uniquely designed rooms a pleasure.	The rooms and public areas of the hotel are fairly plush with well designed and luxurious features. We only stayed one night before flying overseas but we took the opportunity to go out in the west end. It is a fairly easy walk into Piccadilly Circus and Soho, passing St James' Park and Buckingham Palace (opposite the hotel), but there is a bus stop right outside that will take you into the heart of things in less than five minutes should you feel inclined.The only down side was that we would have been willing to raid the minibar as we were, ahem, thirsty and definitely starving but the prices were off the wall. Why do hotels have to charge five quid for a kitkat?	
Mar 6 2009 	It just gets better	This is the second time we have stayed here and it just gets better. Because of the building work we were upgraded to apartment 13 which was stunning. All the staff are so welcoming and freindly. The whole place has such a lovely feel to it unlike a lot of the other 5 star hotels in London. We will definately be staying here again.	
Jan 29 2009 	Brillian birthday	Had a brilliant stay here to celebrate my Wife's 30th birthday.Because of the building work being done to the front of the building the lovely woman on reception upgraded us to an apartment! Needless to say it was out of this world. Grand, charming, spacious and clean.We couldn't get over how attentive the staff we. They would bend over backwards for us and we felt well and truly looked after.I'm sure once the renevation work is complete the Executive rooms at the front would have been more than adequate.The spa was also top draw. Not exactly massive but the steam room was very powerful and the jaquzzi is well worth a visit.Will definately be coming back!!	
Dec 27 2008 	Friendly hotel excellent staff!	My boyfriend and I have just returned home after spending a week at the Athenaeum Hotel in London. Our stay there was excellent and the staff all amazing! We were treated like special guests and every member of the staff were paying real attention to us and whatever we needed. We had booked through our agent in Greece a standard double room but we were upgraded to a &quot;Green Park view&quot; one as soon as we checked in. The room was newly refurbished with nice furniture and fresh colours. Everything was brand new and in excellent condition. Our view was a bit obstructed by a scaffold (renovation going on) but this won't last for long I believe. The restaurant and bar were great too. Everyone was polite and eager to offer their services. Even the beauty salon was great too!Selim at the reception is the sweetest and friendliest guy we' ve ever met at a 5* hotel - and we travel a lot, usually staying at hotels like Hilton or Sheraton. The location at Piccadilly is extremely convenient. Not more than 15 minutes walk to Oxford st., Knightsbridge, right next to Park Lane and Hyde Park.I'm very glad we selected this hotel and we're definitely going back. It feels as if we made new friends in London!	
Dec 26 2008 	Not worth the price	My work Christmas party was taking place close to the hotel and as Lastminute.com had a wonderful deal for this hotel I thought I would take advantage of it.We were not informed about building work taking place in the hotel so were disappointed that the view of Green Park was replaced by plastic sheeting. I also did not expect to come out of the bathroom wearing just a towel to find 3 work men stood right outside my window.In the morning when we really needed to sleep off the party excesses drilling started at around 9.30 so we were unable to rest.In addition I don't actually think this hotel is worth the discounted rate that I paid for it let alone the full price. The bedroom was on the small side, the tv had a mind of it's own, the bath was so small I sat in in with my legs bent plus there wasn't a great deal of hot water.There are far better hotels in London for a fraction of the price.	
Dec 15 2008 	Worst 5* Hotel We've Ever Had The Displeasure Of Staying In!	This was supposed to be a great weekend getaway for my wife and myself, and well, considering that we spent good money on this hotel, to say that we were disappointed to say the least is an understatement!The best thing about the Athenaeum hotel is the door man, Jim, this man is a real gentleman, and is a shining example of what a door man should be. If it wasn't for him, I doubt that we would have spent the night. He treated my wife and myself, like we were made of gold, it was amazing!On to the hotel room though,when we checked in, we were informed that we had been upgraded from a normal room to a newly refurbished executive room, which we thought was great news.However once we got to the room we found long black hairs in the bath, and in the bed, considering both my wife and myself are blond, we knew they weren't ours, this was already a bit disturbing. Also, I found stains on my pillowcase, this is not the type of cleanliness that I expected from a 5 star hotel in the centre of London. The cupboard door wouldn't close properly either, so this was just plain annoying, especially considering that this was a recently refurbished executive room. One of the other issues that we had with the room was that the little porcelain cover on top of the cold tap labelled &quot;Cold&quot; was chipped and kept falling into the sink, and the underside of the sink was filthy as well.There were also renovations going on at the hotel and this was never mentioned when we booked at all, and well as for the timeless &quot;Green Park views&quot; that were advertised, well these are ruined by all the renovation work that is going on at the moment, so when you look out of your window, all you can see is scaffolding and red netting, not very timeless at all. I also phoned downstairs on the Sunday morning to get a bag retrieved from my car and brought to my room, I was told that this would be with me in 15 minutes time. Well, 15 minutes came and went, and I even phoned and said that we were going to have some breakfast, and then I would pick the bag up from reception. After breakfast, I went to the reception desk, only to be told that the receptionist went to the wrong persons car, adn couldn't find the bag, and then couldn't remember who we were or which room we were in.It seems that others have had great experiences at this hotel, but ours was atrocious, and we will never be going back to this hotel again. I honestly wonder how this hotel received above 3 stars! To be honest, I've always had great luck with Last Minute, but on this occasion I feel honestly let down, and feel like we wasted close to £200 on this occasion. I feel that Last Minute should at least update their listing to reflect that there are renovations going on at present.	
Nov 17 2008 	Amazing!	I stayed at this hotel for my boyfriend's 30th birthday and found the hotel staff to be fantastic and the hotel itself wonderful. I had contacted the hotel prior to our visit to pay for a room upgrade and champagne for his birthday. When we arrived the hotel had upgradeed us to an amazing suite and even had a birthday card there waiting for him. The apartment was fantastic and the staff were ever so friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel as the experience was fantastic.	
Nov 6 2008 	Great place to stay in London	We stayed in one of the Apartments attached to the Hotel with our 2 small children, plus had a single in the Hotel for my mother-in-law. Fantastic place to stay in London - we'll never stay anywhere else in the future. Loved having a kitchen to fix breakfasts and coffees - several times we went to a local store and brought home prepared foods to heat up in the kitchen. It was all the benefits of having an apartment, but you also get the fantastic doorman to hail a taxi or help with luggage. Awesome stay in London - I recommend it highly.	
Oct 31 2008 	Amazing brilliant staff beautiful place	I booked this as a 'top secret' hotel through Last Minute. Within half an hour of making the booking one of the team from the hotel had called to see if there was anything extra I'd like, if it was for an occassion etc. It was a wedding anniversary so I told them this but declined the extras (£50 for a bottle of champagne was more than I could manage).When we got there the hotel exterior was being worked on, but there was no noise. When we checked in we were informed that we had been upgraded to an apartment and were shown to the most beautiful place, with a lounge, kitchenette, diner and huge bedroom beautifully decorated and furnished. The staff member who showed us in was genuinely keen to make sure we were happy and it seemed to make her happy that I was so pleased - a rare thing in hotels I find. There was a card and wine, really nice little touches that meant everything.All the staff were helpful, polite and not condescending (something I find very frequently in London hotels) and keen to ensure that we were enjoying ourself and had what we needed etc. They even reminded us about the clocks changing!And the cocktails were fabulous... I would love to go back, and maybe try the restaurant.I think this is my new favourite hotel!	
Oct 27 2008 	Fantastic	I have just returned from a weekend break in London for my husbands 30th birthday. I had booked the hotel as one of the 'last minute.com' mystery 5* hotels as I wanted to be near the west end. Once the hotel was confirmed I sent them an email upgrading from the standard double room to an executive room for an extra cost of £30 (making nightly tariff £150). On arrival we were informed that they had upgraded us to a one bedroom apartment free of charge. These are situated to the back of the hotel and have there own private entrances. We stayed in apartment 17 (house 3) and was impressed by the size, cleanliness, and quality of it. Ideal if we had been staying for longer than the one night, but as it happened the facilities were not required for a brief visit (although much appreciated and enjoyed)! The hotel had placed a birthday card for my husband in the room, which was a nice personal touch.We ate in the hotels restaurant (Damask) and the food was lovely, staff were fantastic, and once again effort was made by the staff to celebrate my husbands birthday by writing happy birthday in chocolate around the dessert plate (thankfully, no candles or singing!). The price in the restaurant is very reasonable costing £26 pp for 3 course meal and glass of champagne. Only criticism would be limited availability for room service after 11pm (mostly sandwiches or few hot food choices), but if you are lucky enough to stay in an apartment you could stock up for any late night snacks! Overall, the staff were very professional and friendly, and the hotel and communal areas were impeccable. Directly opposite the palace and a short walk from west end. Perfect location and I would recommend it to anyone. Don't be put off by the scaffolding at the front of the hotel, during the weekend we didn't see one workman or hear any maintenance.	
Oct 26 2008 	Perfections!	I booked the Athenaeum for my 3rd year anniversary. We arrived early to use the spa facilities and were told our room was ready even though it wasn't check in time. The people behind reception were very helpful and one man kindly showed us to our room. When we got to our room I was just blown away. They had upgraded us to an apartment because I had mentioned it was our anniversary. Later on they amazed us further by bringing complimentary wine, fruit and nuts to our room along with an anniversary card. How thoughtful. We had afternoon tea in the garden room that day and the service was wonderful. Everyone was so attentive and it was great value for money. We will certainly be going back as it was a truly special weekend.	
Oct 23 2008 	Fabulous Honeymoon stay	My husband and I just spent two very romantic nights at the Athenaeum. The staff went above and beyond in trying to help make our last two nights special. Upon check in, the girls behind the desk were warm, friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious, clean and tastefully decorated. After watching the most fabaulous musical we have every seen (Billy Elliott) we went back to our room to find candles, chocolates, chilled champagne and rose petals in the shape of a heart on the bed. I mean, WOW. It was a wonderful surprise and very much appreciated by us!!We have stayed here most every time we've visited London and we will continue to be loyal guests. Why look further? The service is spectacular!Thank you Athenaeum!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellent Room Service	The hotel was a pleasant surprise, even taking account of the previous comments. Welcome good. Room good (despite being without a view and not being upgraded like many previous reviewers). Radio has a good selection of channels. Handy location - short walk to Green Park underground, shepherd's market, Hyde Park. The size and position of the bath have something to be desired - I presume things like this are being rectified in the works underway in the hotel. Can't comment on the restaurant as we did not eat in (although the hotel didn't push the restaurant for an evening meal). Also we took advantage of room service to have an excellent breakfast delivered to our room. It is worth taking the advice of an earlier reviewer and booking through a travel website. Luckily I read that after investigating the cost of B&amp;B direct from the hotel, which would have been significantly more expensive compared to the same offer through a website. This was a little surprising to find out as experience tends to show the opposite. Needless to say we booked through the web and saved some £60 on the deal.	
Oct 20 2008 	Very Enjoyable Stay	We stay in London quite regularly and normally stay at one of the Hiltons but, having recently lost the privileges we had from having a Hilton Honours gold card, we no longer see the Hilton chain as being such an attractive proposition so we have been trying out a number of the other 5 star hotels this year such as The Langham, the Raddisons, The Howard and The Ritz.etc.This stay (Oct 08) was a last minute decision and we booked using points obtained through our credit card and the booking was made through EBookers and included a standard room and continental breakfast.We arrived outside in a taxi (a little disturbed to see the entire exterior covered in scaffolding and sheeting which we were unaware of) but the taxi door was opened and our bags whisked away. We arrived about an hour before official check in time but this was not a problem. Reception staff were amongst the most efficient and friendliest that we have come across in London. We were advised that we had an upgrade to an executive room and the room was almost ready and they called through to house keeping to give our room priority. Meanwhile, after completing the usual paperwork, we were asked if she could help us with any lunch or dinner arrangements and we explained that we had already booked lunch at their restaurant for 2pm so she went straight to the Maitre D to re-confirm and also let her have our room number. She then escorted us to show us where the lounge, bar and restaurant and spa areas were before escorting us right to our room.The room was of a very nice size, in good order and with lots of character – very traditional in style and décor and great curtains (no light seeping through in the morning). There was scaffolding outside the window but no walkways so privacy was not an issue. Our room overlooked the side street with a side view onto Green Park. There was a table and two chairs (some nice nuts and seeds and complementary bottled water on the table), a mini bar, complementary tea and coffee (with carton milk in the fridge), nice toiletries, dressing gowns, DVD player, good quality TV and quite a small but beautifully presented marble bathroom with heated mirrors (although this did mean it got very hot in there if you left the lights on).If anything, my only criticism would be that there were too many mirrors (all along one wall adjacent to the bed were mirrored doors and two walls of the bathroom) – just a personal thing, but I prefer not to see myself from all those angles!!We had lunch in their restaurant which was booked through Top Table (lunch 3 course inc coffee and truffles and a glass of champagne for £21 each). We loved the restaurant itself – quirky in décor and quite buzzy in there when we first arrived. The service was good too. We opted for the buffet starter which was good (although probably better if you go earlier in the lunch sitting rather than very late as we did) and this consisted of a selection of cold starters including seafood and meats, salads etc. We then both chose the duck and game main course but they only had one available so they offered the same but cooked with just venison. It may have been due to the lateness of eating but I found the duck and venison a little over-cooked – no sign of pink at all and the sauce it was served in was a bit “gloopy” – that said, we both ate it all and still enjoyed it – it just could have been a little better. For dessert we both opted for crème caramel which was good. Coffee and truffles were also lovely. All in all – this came to just over £100 + service so we thought it was excellent value for money considering more than half of that was the bottle of Taittinger we ordered.We ordered room service breakfast in the morning and this was delivered promptly and had lovely fresh pastries and excellent hot chocolate (although we did not eat too much as had lunch booked for later) and there was no tray charge for the room service breakfast.All in all we really enjoyed our stay here. The location is not as good for us as other hotels we have stayed in as it was really too far to walk to Covent Garden etc but the surrounding area is very nice. The service we received throughout our stay was truly 5 star, the rooms were lovely and comfortable (although the bed was a little hard for us), the restaurant is excellent value for money and a big issue for us personally is that they did not add compulsory service charges to everything – no tray charges for room service or anything – gratuities were clearly at your own discretion and complementary bottled water – I always begrudge paying extra for this in a five star hotel. I am sure we will return.	
Oct 1 2008 	Wonderful!	We booked the &quot;Christmas in London&quot; tour from Maupintour and we stayed at this hotel. It was first class all the way - from the bellman to the desk staff. We stayed in the apartments and they were beautifully decorated with antiques as well as contemporary (as in, plasma televisions in both the living room and bedroom). The only complaint we had was the coffee pot and the washer/dryer. We couldn't quite figure them out...but then I'm sure the staff would've been more than happy to assist, if we had made use of them.The hotel is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Circus and a short bus ride to Oxford Street. Location is perfect. The restaurant staff was beyond expectations - they addressed us by name each time we saw them. They have had top notch customer service training.The food in the restaurant was delicious; we particularly loved the fresh fruit offered at breakfast.We would definitely stay here again and would recommend it, if price is not a huge issue.	
Sep 29 2008 	We felt like royality	We have just returned from 1 night stay in the 5* Athenaeum and it was perfect bliss. On arrival we were upgraded to an apartment. From arriving the service was brilliant from every member of staff. Our bags and coats were taken to our apartment and our car was parked and returned for us(parking cost £30pn). It was a total surprise for my 40th!! and my husband had booked a side by side (his n hers) back massage and facial. The girls were extremely professional and experienced and we felt totally relaxed afterwards. The spa facilities are compact but adequate and everything you need. Unhappy we have left and returned to normality. We would just like to say a big thankyou to you all and we hope to see you soon xx	
Sep 23 2008 	Location location location!!!	I had a wonderful 2 nights here just after Christmas '07 for a very special occasion (proposed to my now wife)! The staff were very professional. Door staff were particularly friendly. The very helpful guy at concierge even managed to get us a last minute table at an apparently very exclusive restaurant after calling pretty much everywhere and he didn't show a hint of disappointment when I suddenly cancelled his efforts at the very last moment as I instead, rather impulsively, opted to pop the big question in the middle of Green Park that night... very romantic place by the way, with Buckingham Palace, The Ritz and even Big Ben all lit-up and surrounding the peaceful, old-style-lampost-ridden green expanse!The room (park view, overlooking said Green Park, or to be honest, the main road in front of the hotel with reasonable Green Park view beyond... well my room was only on the 3rd floor) was on the small side, but I guess that's par for the course in London!I remember having to request simple things like shaver and toothbrush which I couldn't believe were not supplied as standard in such a pricey establishment, but the house staff were extremely prompt in meeting my needs, once requested.Enjoyed an amazing room service dinner. Highly recommended!The restaurant itself was a bit on the &quot;cozy&quot; side (quite small and intimate), but the food and service were very good.Overall, a very pleasant and well-run hotel, but it wasn't the exceptional, 5 star luxury that I had imagined (maybe my expectations were unrealistic for a London hotel and I was unfairly measuring my hopes against other hotels I've stayed at in other countries such as Japan for example)!I guess no matter where you choose in London, the majority of your hard-earned cash will go on the actual LOCATION of the venue and not the extra fringe benefits associated with other establishments of the same level in other cities. And with that said, I'd have to give this place full marks as you really couldn't wish for a better location in London... easy walking distance (for a healthy thirty-something anyway) to all the main sites such as Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Buckingham Palace, all the way to Trafalgar Square, Big Ben and the London Eye (we never used any transport other than our feet the whole time there)!Probably won't stay there again, but that's no reflection on the hotel. I just want to try one of the other top-end hotels in the same area the next time I'm in town (which might not be for another few years anyway)! This hotel=great. The location=perfect!	
Sep 19 2008 	Firm Favourite!	Hi,I'm new to tripadvisor but thought I had to write a review of the Athenaeum. My boyfriend and I stay here on average once a year, sometimes more. It's definitely our hotel of choice whenever we're in London.It's location is perfect, so close to Buckingham Palace and The Ritz, and it's right on the Piccadilly line so getting to other touristy spots like Covent Garden and Leicester Square are really easy.The rooms are always beautiful. The first time we went we were upgraded to an apartment, (because we asked for twin beds to be put together) which was out of this world. More flat screen tv's than we knew what to do with and living areas that were bigger than what we had at home! My brother and his girlfriend were also upgraded to an apartment, just because there was a glitch in processing their payment. Rest assured if you are made to feel even a little put out the Athenaeum will go out of their way to make it up to you.The last time we stayed (Feb 2008) we were upgraded to a park view suite, which I actually preferred to the apartments due to it's amazing view of the Park, with the London Eye slowly moving in the background.The food and wine is as good, but as pricey, as you'd expect but it's so close to the centre of London you never really have to stay in. The hotel may look expensive at first, but if you shop around you can usually find really good online deals.	
Sep 17 2008 	Absolutely Perfect	We booked this through lastminute.com as a Top Secret Hotel so were not sure what we would get. To say that we were pleasantly surprised is an understatement. It was fabulous. The Athenaeum has a boutique feel to it and the room was perfect. It is apparently being updated but we neither saw nor heard any sign of this and apart from the odd stain on the carpet I would not have noticed that it was in need of updating. We arrived early at 11.30 am and expected to just leave our bags until we could check in but they changed our room so that we could check in straight away which was wonderful. The only down side is that we were only there one night so didn't have the chance to fully appreciate it. The location is wonderful and despite being on Piccadilly we could hear no traffic noise from our room at the back of the hotel. All of the staff we met were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 31 2008 	Perfect	Stayed here twice in 3 weeks for business whilst visting trade shows at Olympia and showrooms in central London.I booked both times through Travelsupermarket.com and got good deals on both occasions (including breakfast which is a huge saving.)First time I stated was at the start of August. When my colleague and I arrived they have mistakenly booked us a double room and told me that they were fully booked, I was beginning to curse my good deal, however the manager told us to have a complimentary drink in the bar whilst they sorted us out. Few glasses of wine later they had sorted out the room and provided a twin and a complimentary bottle of Tattinger in our room which was a very nice gesture – especially a I hadn’t booked through them and offered to upgrade us the next night to an apartment.Room - clean, roomy and good standard of décorBathroom - very pleasant with a great shower,Breakfast - I wouldn't pay the hotel prices – but excellent as it was included, bar a small supplement of £5 per person to upgrade to the full. Very good selection.Service: 10/10 very pleased with the staff, all very friendly, especially the duty manager and very tall doorman!I re booked this when I had to come back to London 2 weeks later. Very happy on both occasions	
Aug 27 2008 	What a Wonderful Hotel!	The Boyfriend and I headed for the bright city lights of London once again to celebrate his entry into middle age (I keep telling him 40 is the old 30 but will he listen???). Anyway, dear reader I digress.I booked The Athenaeum Hotel via Last Minute as one of their Secret Hotels and paid the princely sum of £246 of your Earth Pounds for two nights room only.I rang the hotel during the week to say it was The Boyfriends Birthday if they were able to do anything speacial, not having any expectations at all.On arrival, we were made so welcome by the delightful Alexis. The car was whisked away by John the doorman to be secreted away until we next required it!We had been given an upgrade and then to our delight we found we had been given a suite overlooking the park with a bottle of wine awaiting our arrival! Alexis showed us the room and we really felt very special.The room was lovely, a bedroom, bathroom and sitting room, all in immaculate order and clean and comfortable. We were amazed to hear that they are in the process of renovation, as it certainly didnt feel tired or look worn.I would definately recommend this hotel for its location. Buckingham Palace is across the park, and Picadilly just a short walk along the road.In summary, if I had the choice of The Sanderson (see review under The Peke) or The Athenaeum, for location and value for money, this one wins hands down.Thanks to all that looked after us.The Peke and The Boyfriend (who thought it was 'rather marvellous').	
Aug 24 2008	Delightful stay!	We have a wonderfuyl stay at the Athenaeum!....We were greeted warmly and given a room upgrade upon arrival: a lovely room, light and spacious, with a view of Green Park. We found the service outstanding and the breakfast was, in my view, the best breakfast I ever had in comparable hotels!... We had read reviews commenting on the need for the hotel to be refurbished, and the manager told us they were starting to work on the renovations. But our room was absolutely perfect in every detail. We simply loved the Athenaeum and plan to go back as soon as possible!	
Aug 23 2008 	Well ! What a pleasant surprise-	Last week we managed to obtain a late deal at this hotel.Having stayed in many London hotels over countless years, always 4 or 5 star, we found this non-chain establishment to be a little gem. The Doorman was always helpful, carrying bags,getting taxies,opening the doors and making sure you did not slip(in the rain). So often today the doormen seem to disappear when needed. The gentleman on check-in was very helpful &amp; efficient. Unfortunately our room was still being cleaned,so we had to wait about 15 mins during which time we were offered the use of the spa and refreshments. Our room was not huge, but comparable with other London hotels. It was spotlessly clean with a very comfortable bed and good quality bed linen. It had all the normal facilities you would expect from a first class hotel, incuding hangers with hooks(those clip in things are my pet hate) plus a useful London information guide to keep. The breakfast/dining room was very comfortable,with a choice of a buffet and cooked breakfast,as well as a good selection of items to order. At first glance the buffet looks quite small, but this is an advantage as everything is freshly topped up. There was a good choice of meats, cheese,cereal,yoghurt,fresh fruit - it even had fresh honeycomb. The cooked breakfast could not be faulted and refills of tea &amp; coffee were always offerered by the attentive &amp; polite staff.We did not dine a the hotel but we had an excellent lunch snack in the lounge.At this hotel all we can say about &quot;Afternoon Tea&quot; is just have it and enjoy !!Altough we did not use the concierge service it seemed excellent : you actually sit down at a desk unlike other hotels where you stand at a counter. Throughout our stay the Executive Manager always stopped to chat &amp; ask us if everything was OK and if we were enjoying our visit. Indeed all the staff were equally attentive &amp; helpful.To sum up, this hotel is what many hotels aspire to but because of limited &amp; untrained staff, nearly always fail. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED	
Aug 12 2008 	Lovely Boutique Hotel in Great Location	My family (2 adults and 2 kids) and I have just returned from staying at this beautiful boutique hotel. On arrival, we were immediately greeted by Jim (Doorman) who asked for all our names and remembered them during our stay, I would have to say that it was the best welcome we've ever received and our kids loved it. He was also very helpful and gave us some good advice. I loved the decor and thought the lounge was extremely beautiful. The bedrooms are a good size although I feel that they are in need of redecorating. The location is excellent. We had no problem with road noise and we would stay there again. We found the staff very pleasant but special mention goes to Jim!	
Aug 8 2008 	Allright	I can't really say anything too bad about this hotel. The location is superb and so is the staff. However, we found it quite difficult to sleep there due to the noise. We had a room on the seventh floor overlooking the main room and the noise of the cars, sirens and honks at night time was unbearable. I would expect a 5 star hotel to have proper windows to isolate the noise but unfortunately this was not the case. The pilows were also quite bad (paper thin) so I had to call reception to get new ones. The size of the room and bathroom was quite small for a 5 star hotel but good enough for London. The overall impression would not be very good if the hotel were not in London, but in this case it was, so i'd recomend it.	
Aug 4 2008 	Wonderful Hotel and Staff	Got a room as part of a theatre package and was stunned at both the quality of the hotel and staff.One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.	
Jul 15 2008	nightmare...!!!	it was the first time we stayed at the athenaeum and we will never come back again, we will rather advise everyone not to visit your hotel at all!!! when i called the hotel directly i was &quot;welcome&quot; by switchboard who didnt even say any name. when i had asked speaker about her name, she said &quot;i said it jet, Meg speaking&quot; she sounded as she was forced to do so. at last she had transfered me to the resevation department where i had very nice conversation with Kinda who made the booking very efficiently informing about all facilities provided. i thought it was over, but when we got to the hotel, we had been waiting for checkin in for 5 mins,before indian guy who was doing something asked if we would like to check, in fact there was noone else, that was like a nighrmare, very poor customer service, we both work for abn amro and we will inform our department	
Jul 8 2008	Superb location	One of the best locations in London, the park across the road, a stroll to Piccadilly and St James. Great restaurants nearby (try the fashionable Wolseley), Fortnum &amp; Mason, bookshops and art galleries. We had an apartment on the side road of the hotel, which was extremely comfortable. Would be very happy to stay there again.	
Jul 5 2008 	Pleasant surprise!	My patrner and I got a good deal on this hotel, we weren't expecting the best, and from the outside initially still had reservations. All was dismissed as soon as we walked in and experienced a very cute boutique hotel. The staff and the interior were fabulous and we truely recommend.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great breakfast staff very helpful and friendly.	I have stayed here on a number of occasions over the past couple of years and have enjoyed every visit. The location is excellent, with all the main shopping areas within walking distance and lots of restaurants/cafes on the doorstep. I have stayed in all their different grades of room and the only difference between them, in my opinion, is the size, as the facilities were excellent in all (my only complaint being a slightly short bed in the suite). The decor of the rooms, although a bit dated in places, is well maintained with individual touches everywhere. The breakfast is particularly good (try the creme brulee - odd for breakfast but it is truly delicious). The health spa, although small, is very clean and well run, with an excellent choice of treatments. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for a business or leisure stay.	
Jun 26 2008 	WIll NOT return to the Athenaeum Hotel	When I booked this hotel I thought it would be just like any other 5 star hotel (especially for the price), but I had a rude awakening. Check in went without a problem. When I got to my room, it was dirty, smelled dank and was just not what I had expected. My friend was 2 rooms away and his room had stains on the carpet, bedspread and curtains. We tried to get him a new room, but the staff told us they were completely booked and offered no solution. I stayed for 2 weeks with a group of friends (we ended up with a total bill of just under $100,000 US!). Those who stayed in the apartments absolutely loved their rooms. They were well furnished, very clean, had private entrances, kitchenettes and washing machines in the apartment. Any call to room service was answered immediately. The rest of us who stayed within the hotel building experienced awful room service. Any time we tried to get information from the concierge, the two men at the desk would just joke amongst each other and give us half answers (we didn't know until the last few days of our trip that we were so close to the royal palace, literally a 3 minute walk). The front desk was also of very little help during our stay. I also mailed a very small box home to the US (it weighed 2 pounds) and was charged $100 US by the hotel! They told me that they had to pay for special currier service to get the package to the 'international shipping center.' I had already sent boxes home from various European cities at this point and knew that this was not the case.One good point is that the hotel is located close to great shops and restaurants. The hotel restaurant was also very agreeable. We were in London again just 3 weeks later and changed all of our reservations from the Athenaeum to the Mandarin Oriental Hyde Park (which was absolutely fabulous!).	
Jun 24 2008 	Surprisingly good	We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel, chosen mainly for its extremely good location. However it proved to be surprisingly good. The rooms were very clean with lovely linen, but the best bit was the standard of the staff. Every single person was helpful and went out of their way to help. Well done you lot. You managed to turn what might have been a stay of convenience into a nice mini-break. I think we will do it again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very Special Vacation	We recently stayed in the Athenaeum Hotel Apartments. We had friends in London and wanted a place where everyone could come by and visit. We found the apartments online with a sitting area, a small well equipted kitchen, and a lovely balcony. We needed 2 rooms and were able to get one that connected and opened in between, which gave us 2 living rooms along with 2 kitchens. We could not believe how gorgeous and inviting the rooms were. We really hated to leave the room at all! They had also stocked the fridge with breakfast items and such at our request. We had been traveling the week before and were able to do some laundry in the machines provided in our rooms (BIG PLUS). I had contacted the hotel ahead to ask about special arrangements as we were celebrating a college graduation, 50th birthday, and wedding anniversary. They told me not to worry and that they would take care of it. Wow were we suprised at how they remembered each and every detail and arranged a special treat for each occasion at their expense ( Flowers, Champagne,Chocolates and Strawberries,Cakes and Cheese Trays). We have stayed in some of the best hotels in the world and have never had such royal treatment! Any time we called down for anything they were knocking at the door before we could hang up the phone. I'm sure there are many fine hotels in London, but when we return in the future there will be only one place for us and that's the ATHENAEUM HOTEL. The Doormen even remembered our name after only one day. Thank you for making our vacation PERFECT!!! P.S. The afternoon tea is also something not to miss!	
Jun 16 2008 	Not Good!	I cannot tell you how excited I was to stay at the Athenaeum having been there for afternoon tea the year before, but it was not good!My husband and I paid for his parents and ourselves to stay over after going to see Spamalot, which was fab! We arrived at noon and our rooms were not ready, not a problem as we knew that check in was not until 2pm. As we were booking in the receptionist answered the phone whilst attending to me, I found this very rude as she didn't even say excuse me.When we go into our rooms they had very kindly given my Father in law a bottle of wine as it was his birthday, which was a nice touch. That's about the only positive.The rooms need decorating now. The paint was peeling off, the wallpaper all marked and the rooms looked very shabby. Our room was better than my in laws but that's not really saying much. I put a cup of tea down on the side and the faux leather (plastic) metled and left lovely ring marks.......classy!Afternoon tea and cocktails, although pricey, were good.When we got back from the Theatre at about 11pm we went to my in laws room for a drink. The people next door were having some kind of a rave....not good, and not what I'd expect from a 5* hotel, Aiya Napa, yes! I phoned down and they did send someone up to ask them to turn it down. They did......about 30 mins later the fire alarm went off (we were on the 9th floor). So down we all went. We over heard that it had been set off by the same people next door. We then had to walk back up to the 9th floor and then went to bed.Air con very noisy but we slept unlike my in laws who were awoken at 3-30 / 4-00 / 4-30 by the club dance music next to them. They did phone and someone did go up to ask them to stop......If they are causing this many problems why allow them to stay in the hotel? They didn't even ask if my in-laws wanted to move rooms (the hotel was not full).We checked out early as they couldn't get back to sleep. Breakfast didn't tempt us at £27 each!They did ask us if we enjoyed our stay and we told them what we had gone through. She did say that if we come back that it wouldn't happen again...possibly but at that kind of cost for the room, I'll go and find another 5* Hotel.	
Jun 10 2008 	Awful experience at the Athenaeum	I had the most awful experience I've ever had at any hotel I've stayed at during my stay at the Athenaeum Hotel in March/April this year - the night before I left, I found a rat in my room. When I called the front desk, they didn't even sound genuinely apologetic and I was moved to another room for my last night. Even before this incident, though, I had already decided I would never stay at the hotel again because in the few weeks that I was staying there, I found many of the concierge to be unfriendly and the service to be of a consistently low-standard, especially for the room rates charged. I did my drycleaning there and had to return a pair of pants three times, and another shirt twice, before stains were removed that I had pointed out each time. Further, the rooms are tiny. The best part about the hotel is the gym, it's small, but great new equipment. The location is also fantastic especially if you can get a room with a view over Green Park, but for the price you'll be paying, I'd definitely recommend staying at the Intercontintental or the Radisson Mayfair.This was a disappointing stay and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.	
May 28 2008 	Great hotel in central london	Stayed at the Athenaeum Hotel in London for two nights in mid-May. Found a fantastic deal on the room (single room) on Skoosh.com Paid 192 dollars for two nights including continental breakfast. Room was lovely, a double bed, clean and bright bath. Staff was amazing. From the first greeting by &quot;big Jim&quot; the derby hatted doorman, to reception, to everyone on the wait staff they could not have been nicer. Was traveling alone and they made me feel very comfortable. Had high tea and Sunday dinner and the food was excellent. continental breakfast included in the room rate was large and lovely- every kind of pastry, fruit, fresh yogurt, and cereals. The location of this hotel is excellent, on Piccadilly directly across from Green Park. Finally, the spa in the basement level is small but great. a steam room, a sauna, and a lovely jacuzzi, perfect for a soak before bed after a day of walking. Hope to return often.	
Apr 22 2008 	Rooms need updating	I have had several enjoyable stays at this hotel in the past, but sadly this time was not so good.We stayed in a Parkview room, which was clearly in need of refurbishment. The chairs were stained, as was the headboard and the room in general was quite grubby.We were also unimpressed by the cleaner knocking at the door at 7.50 to clean the room (we were only staying one night!).The Lobby, Restaurant and Garden Room are all very nice and have been refurbished. We had a lovely evening meal and particularly enjoyed returning from the Theatre to have our dessert served to us in the garden room.We would stay again, but only after the refurb!	
Apr 13 2008 	Great experience - recommended	Chose this hotel through last minute's secret selection and was really pleased as it was for a birthday treat.On arrival we were upgraded to a penthouse room on the 10th floor with stunning views over green park and the London panorama. The room was warm, welcoming and comfortable with room to relax and rest. Whilst it is not as pristene or contemporary as some of it's competitors this only adds to its quirkiness and charm.All the staff were helpful and charming from the doorman, to the reception staff and in house dining team. The whisky bar is to be recommended and although we did not partake the afternoon tea looked fab.All in all a great bijoux boutique hotel with a little soul.We would certainly return for another stay.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great location OK needs some updating	My husband and I took our 2 kids (13, and 15) to London and Paris for spring break and after a ton of internet research settled on this hotel in London. While it's location was great it was sort of just OK as far as looks go. Could use some updating (chairs in room were worn thin on the arms-nicked tables in the lobby, etc) That said it wasn't a bad experience just not exactly 5 star. Room was small-which I would expect from UK but it was really small with a tiny bathroom. They had contacted us before we got there to say that we would need to upgrade ($$) to a different room configuration because of the ages of our kids or split up and each stay in a room with them. We ditched the upgrade idea, but did (upon seeing the tiny size of our rooms) look into upgrading to an apt. when we got there. Way too much money so we just made do. Kids stayed in their room and were fine.Shower was good, beds were comfortable. I was awoken one night to the sound of some guys business call next door so maybe not the quietest. Breakfast was outrageously priced but I have to blame the value of the US dollar for that one. Starbucks and M&amp;S foods down the street served us well for breakfast.Common areas (bar and breakfast room ) again need updating. Staff was pleasant but not altogether eager to please. Asked to see the room service menu while we were in the bar having a drink (to see if that's what the kids wanted to do) and it really threw the front desk girl for a loop as they didn't have any downstairs and she couldn't quite figure out a solution (other than me trotting up to the room to get it--which is what I was trying to avoid!) Also asked us it we wanted a free newspapaer each morning--said yes and never got one for the whole stay (3 days)However they did offer to keep the hot tub open longer after we went for a dip late in the day.Great location, decent value given the prices in London, just don't expect luxury.	
Mar 31 2008 	great room - poor special dietary requirements	My husband booked this for my birthday I really liked the hotel, our executive room was spacious , the reception staff and door man were very helpful. The only fault I have is that although the resturant menu states if you have a special dietary requirment advise them and they can help - they couldn't!! - when I explained my condition of Coeliac disease and what could they provide for breakfast the response from the evening staff ( which was positive) to the breakfast stafff totally changed and they were unable to help at all with my gluten + wheat free diet and therefore I paid £22 for coffee, o juice, yoghurt and some fresh fruit - and left feeling hungry!	
Mar 28 2008 	Incredible Value!	We recently stayed at the Athenaeum and couldn't have been happier. I chose this hotel based upon the reviews I read on this website and booked it thru lastminute.com using the &quot;secret hotels&quot; feature. I had a pretty good idea what hotel I was getting. I couldn't believe what a deal it was, particularly given the exchange rate. It is in a great location across from Green Park. From the time we checked in until the time we left, the service was excellent. The rooms were nice, comfortable, and quiet. The beds were comfortably appointed with Frette linens. The bathrooms were all marble and spotless. We did not eat there or use the spa so I can't comment on those. We will definitely stay there again!	
Mar 27 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stayed for three nights and had a pleasant time. The hotel dining room is a little overpriced, but the rooms were very clean and nicely appointed. It is conveniently located to take long walks in the beautiful parks and to pick up the tour bus! The door man is quite a delight!	
Mar 25 2008 	Disappointing!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Athenaeum Hotel for two nights for an Easter break. My overall impression of the hotel is that it is really not of a five star standard. The lobby is very small and we were surprised to note that there is no permanent wheelchair access from the street to the lobby and instead a ramp is put in place where necessary. A simple remodelling of the steps would take care of this.The room itself was a good enough size for central London and we requested a view of Green Park which was lovely. The decor however was very dated. We appreciate that some tourists enjoy an &quot;olde worlde&quot; room however the furniture instead of looking antique, actually looked shabby and the curtains and throw on the bed were very worn.The bathroom did not have a separate shower and instead the shower was above the bath. In our opinion that is not what one would expect of a five star establishment. On our last morning in the room the television stopped working. We booked our room through a website and our receipt stated that the rate paid was for &quot;Bed and Breakfast&quot;. We therefore ate a cooked breakfast in the dining room both mornings. On checking out we were presented with a bill. When we queried this bill we were told it was for our breakfast. We pointed out that we paid for bed and breakfast and we were told that it is continental breakfast only that is included. The girl at reception produced a computer printout from the hotel stating that it was continental breakfast and we produced our receipt (which we thankfully had brought with us) and pointed out to her that nowhere did it state that only continental breakfast was included and also pointed out that no one either at check in or at breakfast had told us that only continental breakfast was included in our room rate. After much haggling the Manager at reception told the girl to remove the charge for the breakfast from our bill. Clearly this is something that the hotel should clear up with the agents selling their rooms. In summary we would not stay at this hotel again and nor would we recommend it to others. We have stayed in the Cumberland Hotel in Marble Arch previously, which was less expensive and far superior.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great Hotel in Great Location	Great Hotel room 916 on inside of building was very quiet, no traffic noise. Breakfast was beautifully done and perfectly cooked although pricey at £27--yes, it was worth it! Dinner was very good and reasonably priced £21 for 2 courses-great value in a small intimate restaurant. Booked Hotel through www.cheaperthanhotels.co.uk , this site seemed to have good value hotels that were a good price--unlike most that claim to do so.Good service and welcoming in a small hotel--will be refurbished soon but rooms still to a very good standard.	
Feb 29 2008 	Poor Service - Phone Charges	Stayed four days for a business trip - ended on a low note with their surprising phone charges.Before placing calls to the U.S. from the hotel, I called the hotel operator and told them I was using a 1-800 card and what would be the charge? They replied back 1.75 pounds per call connection with no mention of a charge per minute (in actuality it was 2 pounds per connection since they had recently done some kind of in-house upgrade). Later that night I check my in-room TV and the bill was not available. The recording made no mention of the charge per minute. When I checked out, I recieved a shocking bill of over 500 pounds for less than 100 minutes of calls. The on-site manager even argued that it had been a problem in the past (yet nothing had been done to correct these problems). I did not have all day to fight the charges since I was catching a flight out, so I was able to get 40% of the bill taken off still reflecting 3 pounds per minute. Many hotels only pay 1-2 pence per minute that would give them 150x profit at 2 pence per minute for the &quot;operating overhead.&quot; I gave them notice that I was not satisfied and they would be taking it up later. After multiple letters, the hotel refuses to change their stance. All I can say is &quot;buyer beware.&quot; Based on my calculation (27 pounds for a five minute call to New York), the Athenaeum would be the top of the list of shame on charges from London hotel for outgoing calls. The article can be found at: travel.timesonline.co.uk/tol/life_and_style/travel/essentials/article1839906.ece	
Feb 15 2008 	Loved	My husband and 2 small children stayed here and loved it!! It is an excellent way to enjoy London with Apartment living with hotel amenities. The service was outstanding and I would recommend this hotel for families. My husband and I plus kids have travelled to London on several occassions and have found this hotel to be the best.	
Feb 12 2008 	If you need an incentive to start jogging ......	A wonderful stay in this hotel. Beautiful park views and a rare glimpse of some warm sunshine made our trip outstanding. All the staff were friendly and helpful, especially the doormen who have to be amongst the best in london. Joggers, you're in for a treat! Towels and water are considerately placed by the hotel exit to make your run a bit more special! Almost made me want to start exercising.Good bedrooms although i never worked out how the cd players worked. Beautiful decor too. I have a phobia of lifts so always find myself wandering around the hotel stairs at odd hours- often a miserable experience as regular readers of my reviews will know. This hotel gets a 5* from me - even their fire exits are beautiful and well kept! Can't wait to return.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great location	Good Location close to lovely restaurants in Mayfair. Booked standard room through Lastminute.com and were upgraded to a lovely room overlooking Green Park. The Doorman was delightful and the ladies on reception could learn from his friendly and warm disposition. Didn't use the restaurant as it looked very bright but seemed very popular. The whiskey bar was nice but pricey; we didn't bother with breakfast as there were lots of coffee places close by. Bus stop directly outside and always lots of taxis in that location. Was a very pleasant hotel, didn't blow me away but for the same sort of cost would stay again. Bed was very comfortable with great pillows which is so important.	
Jan 25 2008 	Perfect By London Standards	This is a real nice little hotel (by London standards). Obviously room was on the smallish size, but that's par for the course so I didn't mark them down on that.Reception and check in was flawless. Room was pricey, but I only booked it on the night before (so that's my problem), so expect to get it at a reasonable rate (I paid £300 for 1 night)Room was clean, everything worked. It was really comfortable. No complaints on the bathroom either, great shower. Bed was very comfy. Staff were great, I managed to get a late checkout, with no problem at all.Location is nice, but very posh.	
Jan 24 2008	Average - not a 5 star experience	I booked a weekend break for myself &amp; my husband on lastminute.com. I had originally chosen this as a possible hotel to book directly through their own website. However, having read the description on a top secret deal on last minute, it was blatantly obvious that this was the Athenaeum. There was a considerable difference in price and this was the only reason I booked with last minute.com and not with the hotel direct. I phoned the hotel a few days prior to arrival to confirm that we were in fact booked in. I enquired as to whether our room was facing Green Park. I was told that such rooms were available but at a charge of £50 per night. I declined and took my chances! Our room was overlooking a side street (Down St) not much of a view. I have to say that I generally don't comment on these sites but felt that having read previous reviews, upgrades seem to be dished out in a somewhat haphazard manner. Seems to be the luck of the draw on the day or who shouts the loudest. Our room was a standard double, ok for what we paid I guess, but it had a long way to go to being 5 star. Our double bed was 2 single mattresses pushed together, disappointing. The room was pleasant and clean, bathroom also clean. Toiletries are Neutrogena, not 5 star products. Rooms are cleaned every day which is great. We accepted the offer of a complimetary newspaper which we didn't receive on the first day. I would normally be someone who would voice an opinion when a product or service wasn't up to standard, however, as I booked with last minute at a price lower that the hotel charge, I felt I wouldn't be within my rights as such. Location wise, the hotel is so central which I was delighted with. I didn't eat in the hotel so couldn't comment. We did have a drink in the hotel bar one evening, pricey but pleasant. Staff very courteous in this area but at check in I found lady quite curt. I wouldn't stay again in a standard room. I feel I maybe would have had a vastly different experience had I paid over the odds and booked with the hotel.	
Jan 20 2008 	Excellent value central London Friendly hotel	Stayed for one night this weekend and I was very impressed by the friendly staff, great room and excellent location. I would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for 4/5 * in central London and not wanting to pay silly money. We booked on lastminute.com and got a standard double for £145, we were assigned an executive double on arrival which was slightly bigger . The bed was very comfortable with very nice linens and the bathroom was small but classy. The spa is small but clean and nice and the bar cosy. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food. Very handy for Green Park tube (with its M&amp;S food store if you don't want to pay mini bar prices).I will definitely stay again if available at this price.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great value loved it!	Stayed here for two nights with my girlfriend in January and it was PERFECT! The staff were fantastic: friendly and helpful. We booked on lastminute.com as part of the Top Secret Hotels deal (with a bit of detective work you can figure out which one is the Athenaeum by Googling parts of the description). It was £145 per night for their normal class of room - spacious room, big comfortable bed, nice seating area with view of the park, large bathroom with tub and a great shower. Everything was right, from the quality toiletries to the super soft robes and the big Bose television. They have a great 24 hour bar/lounge, perfect for midnight snacking after a night out on the town. Location was fantastic, only 10 minutes walk from Leicester Square, or 5 minutes to Green Park tube. If you can get a good deal online for this hotel then pelase stay here, you'll love it! This was absolutely a five star experience.If you are going to see a concert at the O2 Arena (Millenium Dome) it may look like this hotel is far away, but really its only 25 minutes on the Jubilee Line between the O2 and Green Park, so do consider this hotel!	
Dec 31 2007	Post Christmas treat ath the Athenaeum	I was very excited to find a deal at the Athenaeum hotel which I've tried to get into for a couple of years. It's location is spot on being just opposite Hyde Park.1. Check-in Rather surprisingly for a private hotel check- in was done in the usual queuing up way and we were served by a pleasant  young lady who unfortunately answered the phone at the  same time which I usually find rather annyoying but I was distracted by a huge jar of jelly babies which took my mind off it!2. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a room on the 7th floor with outstanding views of the park and also as it was my husband's birthday a free bottle of wine from the General Manager. All the staff were extremely gracious.3. The Decor is pleasant and light and airy and two comfortable  chairs by the window was a thoughtful additon as we were ablel to relax instantly drinking our wine and watching the  sun go down.4. The concierge service was reliable and helpful, and we only  have a couple of niggles about the hotel. We were offered a  complimentary newspaper which was not delivered to our room - however we were given one to take home with us when this oversight had been noticed. There was no milk for tea or coffee in the rooms either and when we went to retreive our luggage after a weary morning around the King Tuk exhibition there was a mixup and a long delay before it was found which meant we were in a huge rush to get across London for our  train. Overall we enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again if the price was right - but I wouldn't pay rack rate for it. We usually stay aat the Langham in London, and if you can get an executive room there then I still prefer it, but it made a nice change.	
Nov 18 2007 	A real Find !	We stayed for 1 night this past weekend. We managed to get a fantastic rate and they kindly upgraded us to an Apartment. It was nicely decorated in traditional English style. It was large and clean. There was a plasma TV in the living room and a TV in the bedroom. The staff were super friendly and kind. The place is really well done up. Seems to have had a refurb recently. It is ideally located as you may have read. Next time we hope to have a room with a view and stay in the hotel bit. This is trully a 5 star hotel with a terrific staff. Both my wife and I really enjoyed our stay. If you can get a good rate, I would highly recommend the hotel. We booked through Lastminute.	
Nov 17 2007	Athenaeum is Awesome!	My wife and I spent a week at the Athanaeum, and we couldn't have enjoyed it more. We were greeted with a smile by Bill, the quintessential British doorman, who welcomed us as though we were returning regulars, though it was our first stay ... our room was splendid, featuring a spectacular view of Green Park's fall foliage ... the concierge got us tickets for the sold-out &quot;Buddy Holly, The Musical&quot; in the West End ... the Athenaeum is centrally-located, only a short walk to Piccadilly Circus, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace ... the hotel restaurant, Damask, rates four stars ... they offer a sumptuous breakfast buffet, and a great menu for dinner ... hotel staff is friendly and gracious, and works hard to ensure a perfect stay. We can't wait to return to London for another week at the Athenaeum!	
Nov 15 2007 	Awesome hotel with the best staff.	My best friend and I recently stayed @ this hotel for 10 days and had the best experience ever. The staff especially Alfred and Dan who are so helpful and friendly. The room service is available at any hour of the day and as we found out late nite 3 am. This is not party central but they r not so uptight that your stay becomes hum drum and boring,all the great things you want in a four or five star space without the attitude. A 3 min walk across the park and your at the gates of Buckingham Palace, Hermes,burberry stella etc are 5 min away .We have stayed at a couple trendy boutique hotels and this is one of the best so far ; we will definately b staying here again and hopefully getting an apt next visit. Btw room 704 has an amazing view overlooking the park.	
Oct 30 2007 	Wow what a gem!	For the second time in my life I booked a hotel on Priceline by bidding (bid for 5 * hotel - central London), and I am so happy that I did, because we got the best hotel I have ever stayed in in London! When we arrived rather late on a Friday evening we were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff and when the room we were given did not meet our wishes (it was a smoking room with double bed) we were instead given a very nice and roomy apartment - for the entire stay. Simply wonderful! We had dinner at the hotel restaurant as we arrived late - and to our pleasant surprise it was an excellent meal and very fairly priced - two courses were just £20 (the same as the breakfast buffet).We wanted a 5 star hotel in the middle of London and that is exactly what we got. My mother and I were on a girls trip to London and wanted to be near all the great shopping that London has to offer, and were very pleased with the location of the hotel. It is situated within walking distance from Oxford street, Bond Street (new and old), Regent street and Knightsbridge with Harvey Nichols and Harrods and Sloan street. Of course we got a great deal on Priceline, but I would definitively be willing to pay the full price the next time I go to London!	
Oct 28 2007 	Comfortable apartment with hotel amenieties	We booked a one bedroom apartment, with the classic interior. The price is quite high compared to other apartments but we received the equivelant of a 5 star hotel service.The bedroom is comfortable, looking onto a quiet street, we could open the windows, a plus.The bathroom was quite small, but fine.The lounge was comfortable with a dining alchove and a small kitchenette. Soft drinks were complimentary and we were made to feel very welcome.Being part of the hotel we were able to use the hotel facilities such as dining rooms and lounges. They have a very large lounge which was great for meetings and the service was very good.The location is excellent in central London, we enjoy walking and nowhere was too far.We would probably stay there again.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice place	Friendly staff, great location right on the park, and clean, comfortable rooms. Bathrooms efficient, great showers, but a bit small. Decor a bit too traditional for my tatste though.	
Oct 22 2007 	Fantastic experience	I had not been in London for a while, but remembered the city from its overpriced dingy hotels and ridiculous pricelevel. I travel quite a bit so I am not easily impressed (or chocked for that matter) by a new hotel experience. But can I just say: the Athenaeum did just that. What an amazing stay. I was there just for one (weekend-) night. London was at its best, sunny and warm for October, perfect for going out you would say. Well, I just did not want to leave the room, I spend afternoon, evening, night and most of the morning until check out in the room. Anyone who complains about the design of the hotel after its obvious refurbishment should have a second look. The lobby is just spectacular in design and detail. I was met by extremely efficient and super friendly check in staff. This person walked me to the room which was one the apartments that are part of the hotel. Mine was in the second or third building on the 4th flloor (8 apartments in each house I assume). These houses have been restored with the most incredible eye for detail. Spectacular finishing, and modern and edgy design is just everywhere. I loved it!The apartment was just breathtaking. Decorated in what I would describe a very very New York type of atmosphere. Dark, glamorous and just incredibly comfortable. Very high beautiful ceilings. I love hotels that have thought of every detail. Well this is one. Anything you would/could think of is anticipated here. This apartment had a livingroom, open pantry, hallway, bedroom and nice basic bathroom. All the amenities you want and more than that. With M&amp;S deli foodmarket around the corner (I am talking gourmet food here), it was just heaven to drink champagne and eat lobster and just hang out in the apartment. The Athenaeum gave new meaning to the word romance for me! I had the most romantic stay in a hotel in ages. Who needs London nightlife, theatre, culture ...if you have this, well I don't.Roomservice breakfast was fantastic and on the dot on time and don't you love there are no extra charges. No Service charge, no delivery charge nothing. I am always so anoyed by the extra's. If I spent $ 800 or more on a room I really don't care about paying $ 20 for a burger but don't break up the price in all charges, taxes and fees and show me the details when I am hungry and about to enjoy the food/drinks you just brought to my room. Guests dont care!! At 24 pounds per person for breakfast I thought this was absolute value for money. With this fantastic apartment I did not see any other part of the hotel so I cant comment on that. It's location is beautiful and convenient. I will be back to this hotel.	
Oct 15 2007 	excellent hotel	We booked this as part of a theatre break with last minute. We were upgraded to a suite , (as promised by last minute -subjest to availability).The suite was very sumptious - red wall paper in the bedroom, 'antique' furnitire and a very large bathroom with floors and walls covered in marble.The room overlooked Green Park which I was glad about having read some of the previous reviews . . .Breakfast was not included in the deal and at £20 a head was was very expensive, however, the breakfast was excellent with a good selection of fruit and other things one would not normally associate with breakfast . . . (creme brulee for example!) and a full English.The TV looked a bit dated and I don't think there were any wi fi facilities but I may be wrong about that.The hotel is ideally located for theatre land, just stroll up Picadilly to Picadilly Circus and you are in thetre land.	
Sep 24 2007 	Falls well short of 5star standard	I booked a standard double at the The Athenaeum, London through Lastminute.com &quot;Top Secret&quot; deal. This is my 10th booking with Lastminute top secret deals and this first time i have been disappointed, and boy did this hotel disappoint. This 5star Hotel fell well short of the mark; I’d rate it as a run down 3star at best. I didn’t experience any of the quoted &quot;excellent service&quot;, &quot;luxury surroundings&quot;, etc. The rooms are run down and poorly equipped. Service is unhelpful and frosty.On arrival i was greeted and allocated room 312. This was a standard double; the room did not have &quot;timeless views of Green Park&quot; but rather depressing views of a side street and convenience store. The room was extremely small including a very small bed which was old, lumpy and hard, the hotel web site quotes them as being hypnois beds! The furniture far from being &quot;quintessentially English, but distinctly modern in its richness&quot; was just old and worn; it couldn’t even have passed as being &quot;rustic&quot;. The bathroom although marble and mirrored was tiny as well, the receptionist who was showing me around had to wait outside as there was no room for both of us to fit in. I have never stayed in a 5star hotel where the bathroom was equipped with a half size bath with shower over it and a shower curtain! The white towles supplied throughout the stay were old and thread worn. The soft furnishings and carpets are also in need of upgrading. I informed reception that Room 312 was unsatisfactory and requested they move me to a different room. They offered to show me Room 503, an executive room, this &quot;upgrade&quot; would come at an additional charge of £45+vat &amp; tax per night. On negotiation with the Duty Manager he agreed to waive the fee on this occasion, but did spend 15min arguing with me first about my &quot;unreasonable&quot; expectations of a 5star Hotel for the price paid. He insisted Lastminute.com must be advertising the wrong description. I was under the impression star ratings are awarded to a Hotel as a whole not to certain 5star rooms within a lower grade establishment? I had no choice but to move to Room 503. This room although larger than the first it was still the same poor standard as the previous. The bath and shower were exactly the same size. The bed size was increased by pushing two single mattresses together and covering with a sheet only a single duvet was on the bed, pulled tightly to cover both mattresses, needless to say we had some fighting for the covers throughout the two nights. There were no Tea or Coffee making facilities in the room, but is does have a tiny extremely overpriced mini-bar, which was not re-stocked throughout our stay. Budget £3.50 for a can of cola. No complementary drinks etc are provided. On the evening of the first night they provided a turn down service, but not on the second evening. The Reception staff &amp; Concierge are unfriendly and did not make our stay anymore pleasant. There was no concierge working on the Saturday night on our return from dinner. On each occasion we asked for a taxi we were informed that there were none available and to &quot;flag&quot; one down on the main road. We choose to cancel our reservations for dinner and beauty treatments and take our business elsewhere so therefore am unable to provide a review of these services. My advice would be to book with The Mayfair or the Millennium Mayfair for quality and service, I have stayed with these hotels on several occasions in the past. This hotel is NOT reflective of its 5star status.	
Sep 23 2007 	Expected so much got so little	Booked as part of a theatre package from lastminute. The hotel fell far short of being 5star - our room was not ready for us some two hours after the check in time. They also demanded £100 off me before checking in as a deposit (even though i had paid for room already), this is something not advertised at the time of booking. When in the room the private bar was half empty as it had not been restocked and most of the food in the private bar was between 3-5weeks out of date. I tried to complain at the time but the lady who came into the room could not speak a word of english. Got the wrong newspaper, breakfast really was not worth the cost. Definately not a five star!!!!! Could write so much more that was wrong with this hotel but cannot be bothered.	
Sep 21 2007 	5 star all the way	We booked a theatre break through last minute. The hotel was wonderful. We were initally put in a very small room overlooking the air conditioning vents and I was a little disappointed. We settled into the room but could not work the TV! A quick call to reception and we had someone with us quickly. We were then moved to a different room that had the views I was looking forward to. Room 901!! We were overlooking Green Park and could see the London Eye to our left. Lovely views at night and much bigger than our first room. Overall the staff couldn't do enough for you, the surroundings were luxrious and location was fantastic! Definately recommended for a romantic getaway!	
Aug 17 2007	Nice hotel great rates	This hotel is well located, on Piccadilly, and a few minutes walk from either Piccadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace (through Green Park) or Hyde Park corner. It is surrounded by other four and five star hotels, and has plenty of other eating and drinking establishments near by.The hotel itself is a nice, well furnished, well decorated building in the style that you would expect from such an establishment. The staff at the hotel were helpful and friendly throughout, and pleasant to deal with. I overheard some of the staff giving tourist advice to other guests, that was delivered both accurately and with good humour.Our room was relatively large and well equipped, and the bed was remarkably comfortable.One of the best things about the hotel was the price. It seemed to be the cheapest premium hotel in the area, which made what was already a pleasant stay even better.I would certainly recommend this establishment.	
Aug 4 2007 	Beautiful hotel Great Service!	From the time we arrived by taxi, greeted by the doorman with a smile, and had our bags taken for us, we were treated like royalty. We stayed here for a Romantic weekend through Last minute's secret hotels and got a very good rate. Once we checked in, the receptionist accompanied us to our room and showed us all the amenities available. A very nice touch. The room was plenty big enough with everything you could need. Lots of mirrors make it look spacious, the bed was very comfortable, the shower was very powerful, and we had great views from the top floor of london and green park.The gym and spa downstairs is very nicely done, with dressing gowns and towels provided. We did not have breakfast here, but went around to shepherds market where there was a good choice of cafes. The bar is very cosy and intimate, which we loved, the service very attentive and friendly. We had afternoon tea in the garden room, which is beautifully done out with comfy sofas, and the selection of sandwiches and cakes were delicious. It is certainly one of the friendliest hotels I have stayed at, everyone is smiling and want to ensure you have everything you need. When my wife requested foam pillows instead of the feather ones provided at midnight, they were delivered in 5 minutes. Nothing here is too much trouble, and I would certainly recommend it for a romantic getaway. We had a fabulous meal at Galvin At Windows at the top of the Hilton, just a few minutes walk around the corner, which I would highly recommend also	
Jul 27 2007 	Apartment Living in London	My husband, 18-year-old son and I stayed here for a week in early July in one of the Athenaeum's apartments, and highly recommend the experience. We had a &quot;Classic&quot; apartment (meaning traditional formal decor) featuring one bedroom, a large living room with dining el, and a petite but serviceable kitchen complete with oven, microwave, washer/dryer and a great espresso machine. It was great to have a washer/dryer during a long stay, but it's the combination type of machine that can only handle very small loads and takes several hours to dry the clothes.The apartment was in a townhouse on a quiet residential street around the corner from the hotel's main entrance. At the end of the street is a terrific tapas restaurant, &quot;El Pirate&quot; (try it!), and across the street is a small convenience store for most food-shopping needs. It was a very comfortable way to stay with a family. The only drawback was that the sole bathroom is through the bedroom, so that impacted everyone's privacy. The hotel has a very nice cocktail lounge area and library off the lobby where good drinks are served; the staff is very pleasant and helpful; and the location, across from Green Park, is lovely. It's about a four-block walk to the nearest tube station, and the neighborhood has lots of great pubs and restaurants. There were a few slips in the service, and the fuses in parts of the apartment blew out a couple of times during our stay, but nothing was seriously wrong. On the whole, this is a great way to stay in London.	
Jul 25 2007 	over all good but some improvements needed	We stayed in a &quot;classic suite&quot; which we had booked through last minute under their top secret hotels. We had already worked out which hotel it was before we booked and had stayed there several years ago before the refurb.Because it was a suite it was extremely spacious and even had a seperate dressing room and huge bathroom. We paid 250 pds for a night. A few things marred the stay though- we arrived early so were happy to go out for a few hours and have some lunch while our room was made ready for us. Unfortunately we still had problems when we arrived back well after the checking in time. We had to wait in reception while it was confirmed whether our room was ready or not still.It was a nice suite overall but the coffee table had something sticky on it and the edges were very dusty still. The carpet was also stained in the seating area. Not really what you expect when you are paying 250 a night. My husband did inform reception as we were also expecting a park view but as the hotel was full they sent up a bottle of champagne which was a nice touch. The room was clean otherwise but some of the furniture seemed a little tired. The lighting was rather confusing too.Location is excellent and the door man is very friendly and helpful.We were due a complimentary paper but never received it. We only had one bathrobe.Overall we enjoyed our stay but will probably try somewhere else next time.	
Jul 24 2007 	Clean rooms; good staff; hard beds	We stayed here for two nights. The service was super: my only problem was that the bed was *very* hard and that we had a few problems with the light switches, which never worked quite the way one would have expected.Everything was very clean, and overall I feel that it is good value for money.I would like to add that we stayed there in winter, and the heating was more than adequate.	
Jul 19 2007	It's OK...but...	If you like really hard beds, this is the place for you. I complained and the manager went out and got us a nice foam pad, which was really nice of them. But no-one that I know wants the slab bed anymore!!! And despite the much advertised remodel, this place needs another remodel. We stayed in the 'classic' style apartment, with pretty dinged up furniture, the same old tiny bathrooms and very little storage space. All the electrical outlets are on the floorboards...you should have seen my wife trying to dry her hair. Electricity outlets don't always work and you need a PH.D to turn the lights and other switches on and off. I will say that the staff is great, and this place does have a great location. The owners of the hotel ought to give the staff a better product to work with.	
Jun 27 2007 	Nice Hotel Good location	The hotel is well located at the one end of piccadilly road. Within easy walking distance of piccadilly circus, oxford st./regent street shopping, theatre district, across the park from Buckingham palace and a short taxi ride to knightbridge &amp; Harrods. The hotel is relatively small but very nice and on the main road. we booked on Londontown.com., just my wife and myself. It was expensive but it is all relative and given the location and the hotel standard, I was happy. We had a standard double room. The room was not particularly big (probably true of most of the hotels in London anyway) but was still reasonable sized, good beds and the bathroom was very nice with bath and strong shower..and most importantly very clean and well kept. otel and the visit. Really enjoyed the hThe staff are very couteous and helpful and friendly. We did not eat in the hotel. Try the local restaurants around the corner in 'Shepards Market'..some very nice restaurants and breakfast available. I would also recommend the Wolsley restaurant down the road beside the Ritz hotel for breakfast and lunch..over priced but worth a visit.	
Jun 19 2007 	Very nice!	Stayed at the Athenaeum for only one night because of business meetings. When arriving late everything went smooth, got my shirts ironed in 20 minutes. Everything was a smooth and nothing seemed to be a problem.The service was excellent, rooms were clean and nice despite the fact I was given a room with a view over the back yard.I think it was a good atmosphere in the lobby and the whisky room as well as at breakfast, however the breakfast buffe could have been better.Peter Gustafsson	
May 28 2007 	smart chic hotel	Booked as a top secret hotel through Last minute.com.Well located smart recpetion, with a boutique feel. Friendly welcome and the rooms are very nice with are the mod cons and personel touches like chilled milk for your tea in the room.Great for a couple of nights in London. Would stay here again	
May 27 2007 	lovely view from atiny room	feels like an old hotel thats been renovated to look trendy. when staying in london i much prefer the soho hotel.	
May 1 2007 	Very nice	Stayed for one night in April. Very helpful and pleasant receptionist who showed us to our room as showed us where everything was. Had a standard room, we were offered an upgrade when we got there but decided to stick with what we had. It didn't have much of a view but we weren't there for that. Room wasn't massive but it was nicely decorated as was the bathroom which had a very powerful shower.The spa was small but just what we needed, really powerful jets in the spa pool.The door staff friendly and helpful.We didn't eat there as we were going to a do, also the breakfast was too expensive for us.Its about a five minute walk from Green Park tube station.Overall we were very pleased with this hotel as we had spent ages looking at hotels to stay in London that didn't have bad reviews and break the bank, we got a good deal with lastminute.com.	
Apr 25 2007 	Brilliant service	My husband and i stayed at the Athenaeum for 1 night. We had booked a standard room, and on arrival asked if there was a possibility of having a room with a view of Green Park. We were told this would cost extra, so we decided to keep the room we'd originally booked. However, on showing us to our room the receptionist told us she had upgraded us to a suite on the tenth floor. The room was lovely, spacious, with a large double (comfortable) bed, a large spa bath and most importantly, a great view overlooking Green Park. You can see the London eye clearly too. We did not eat at the hotel so i cannot comment on the standard of food, however we did use the spa/steam room. Small, but relaxing all the same. Our only complaint was that the sauna wasn't working. There is a small gym with up to date equipment also.In general, we found the hotel to be clean, in good decorative order and in an excellent location. All of the staff were very friendly and we had a wonderful time. We would definitely go back.	
Apr 24 2007 	spacious apartments	My family and I stayed in the apartments of the hotel, and we were very impressed. The room has a nice kitchenette with stove top, dishwasher and washing machine/dryer. The sofa pulls out to a double bed, and the living room is quite large. There is also a 4 person dinette which was nice for room service breakfast. They can also connect apartments if you have a larger family or need extra space. Rates can be high, but they do offer some good deals and the extra room is well worth it especially with children after a 10 hour flight!  Food and service were also quite good. Food was rather expensive, but the pound vs dollar didn't help. The front desk staff, door staff, and restaurant staff were all very friendly and helpful. Some people have complained about the lounge, but it really is just a place to relax and have a drink. Atmosphere and style are at the surrounding pubs, bars and nightclubs.	
Apr 17 2007 	Excellent Stay	I would Highly reccommend the Athrnaeum hotel if you would like a nice relaxing stay.The hotel is extremley clean &amp; well presented.The staff were so friendly &amp; helpfull through out our stay. It is not a cheep hotel but you are treated well for the money you pay.Are room was large and well equiped with everything you could need.a 15 minute walk to Oxford street &amp; a 5 min walk from Green Park station the hotel is ideally located for a romantic weekend or a shopping trip.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great!	Stayed one night this weekend. Great hotel which has been recently refurbished. The staff are extremely efficient and friendly. Our room was good and very clean although it did not have a great view - we were hoping for a view of Green Park and on reflection I should have requested this when booking.One disconcerting thing though - there was a mouse trap in the room! Luckily we didn't find this until the morning otherwise I am sure I would have had a sleepless night. No evidence of a resident mouse were found either though - thank goodness!!!	
Mar 29 2007 	Wonderful experience	Just returned from London and the second time that we stayed at The Athenaeum and, once again, we were very pleased.Location is wonderful, rooms are comfortable and all of the staff is more than willing to help with any request or need. We accidently left some papers in the lounge one evening and they were delivered to our room before we noticed that they were missing.	
Mar 21 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	Booked a standard room for one night through Lastminute.com for £109 (without breakfast). Upon check-in we were offered an upgraded room at an additional cost but chose not to as our standard room was very pleasant and the facilities sufficient for our short stay. Having previously lived in London for years, we didn't care that we did not have a view. The room was modern in decor, the bathroom clean and facilities good although the space was rather small. We enjoyed drinks in the bar during the afternoon and late evening. Pricey as expected. All staff we encountered were very pleasant and professional. Our only gripes would be a lengthy check-in (perhaps because of booking through Lastminute.com), our double bed made from two singles was uncomfortable in the middle and the unpleasant strong lemon smell on our fourth floor. The location is fantastic. This hotel warrants a good 4 star. It is certainly not a 5 star. We would definitely return.	
Feb 26 2007	Disappointed	Booked for one night whilst visiting London to see Sound of Music. Was originally going as a couple, but my wife was ill so we changed the booking from one room to two so my Daughter could go with me instead. Changing the booking was great, I had booked on line with Airmiles for our room, I rang the Hotel direct for the second room and they were excellent in helping us out and gave a great rate.Arrival was excellent, particularly the porter staff, they took the car away, sorted the bags etc, but the the reception and bar area are so small! We went for a quick drink and were asked to sit down in a very smokey smoking area and left for ages until our drinks were brought. A nice Oriental girl was doing her best but other Staff were disinterested.We went to the rooms which were fine but struggling to be five star, we have stayed at the Landmark in London on several occasions and that is what a five star should be!Went out to our Show, came back in at 11 and the bar may as well have been shut, very little ambience or character and this on a Saturday evening.Sunday breakfast very disappointing - had to wait a long time for a table (again in the smokey bar area) and then when eventually taken to table had to wait ages for food. Generally service for the whole meal was poor unfortunately and definitely not five star, the staff whilst friendly were struggling to cope. To sum up, we shouldn't have booked this Hotel, knowing the Landmark and how excellent it is, but we got a deal through airmiles and let costs rule us by mistake! We won't make this error again.	
Feb 8 2007	Very good stay but 1 star too many	We booked this hotel as a “Top Secret” deal on lastminute.com and got a standard double room only for 4 nights for £590. This was 50% less than expedia's price so we felt we were getting a bargain.Reception/lobby area is relatively small and it has a boutique hotel feel about it when you first walk in. We checked in early and our room wasn’t ready, however the receptionist personally escorted us to a different room and explained all it's facilities. Unknown to us she had upgraded us to an executive double (ED) instead of our standard double (SD). The bed in the ED is a huge king size and was soo, soo comfortable. I note some American reviewers felt the rooms in this hotel (and London hotels in general) are too small (much of that probably depends upon what they are used to in the US) but I felt the ED room was very spacious with a sitting area at the window; TV &amp; DVD; broadband internet; good air con and a large built in wardrobe. The upgrade was much appreciated as we discovered the SD rooms face inwards in the hotel (i.e. your window will likely look out upon a brick wall and service pipes) whereas the ED rooms have views looking out over Green park or Down Street. ED rooms are also MUCH bigger. The extra cost for these rooms is worth it. The bathroom was reasonably sized with all necessary facilities. The bath itself was very small (you cannot stretch out in it) but the shower was extremely powerful with plenty of hot water. The concierge service is first class. We dealt with Duncan who was able to answer any question and provide all sorts of advice to us regarding our trip.LOCATIONThe hotel is ideally located on Picadilly next door to the Park Lane Hotel. The “Green park” and “Hyde Park corner” subways are only a 5 minute walk in opposite directions i.e. the hotel is between the 2 of them. Knightsbridge; Park Lane and Hyde Park are all only a 10+ minute walk. Harvey Nicholls 15-20 minutes. Upon leaving the hotel and crossing the road you are in beautiful Green Park and after a leisurely 10 minute stroll you arrive at Buckingham Palace on the opposite end of the park. The top half of the Palace can be seen from the park view bedrooms. Leaving the hotel and walking up Picadilly will bring you to bottom of Bond Street in about 8-10 minutes. You can hit Regent Street in about 15 mins and Picadilly Circus in about 20 minutes.Our stay was room only but breakfast is available for £24 per person. We felt this too pricey and were able to eat a hearty breakfast each morning in one of the many eateries near the hotel. Henry’s do a full English breakfast for £6. The whiskey bar is a nice way to unwind after you arrive back from a night out. Cocktails are about £10 and bottled bear £4-£5 – prices which are to be expected in a 5 star hotel. Service again is impeccable. This hotel does lack some of the services you expect to find in a typical 5 star hotel e.g. a swimming pool and a bigger gym; grander lobby area; several bars etc. As a boutique hotel it is a 4 star. I find it hard to classify as a 5 star but the service is certainly 5 star material.	
Jan 29 2007 	A mixed experience	For our 3 night stay we were given a standard room on the 6th floor. This was clean but very small, in need of refurbishment and the en suite bathroom was microscopic. At full price (in excess of £200 per night) I would have felt ripped off - not what should be expected of a 5 star hotel.Late in the evening on our first night, the (very worn) bedside panel that controlled ALL the lights went on the blink. After three attempts by the duty manager to fix the problem, all the lights blew and we were sat there by torchlight, in our robes. It was now well past midnight and after I declined the offer of a similar room on the same corridor we were upgraded to one of the apartments for the remainder of our stay.The apartment was spacious (separate living room, large bedroom) and meticulously clean, if somewhat dated and frayed in its chinzy decore. There were real light switches, a large flat screen TV, DVD and broadband etc. The kitchenette was well equipped, but much too small for any serious cooking.The staff were courteous and very helpful throughout, but they did fail to explain idiosyncracies of their lighting system.Overall we liked the location and certainly enjoyed our stay, once we had been upgraded, but if asked to pay the full 5 star price - i.e. £450 per night for the apartment, plus English breakfast at £22 etc, there is much better to be had, even in grossly overpriced London.Our 4 star rating is based on the actual experience of our stay, including the upgrade.	
Jan 9 2007 	Quiet bedroom traditional decor	Stayed here one night just before Christmas in a one bed apartment. The staff in the restaurant were great and the food was good. Our teenager ate it, to my surprise as they normally prefer junk food, and highly recommends the elderflower sorbet and the new potatoes. A full breakfast is expensive but you have a choice of part of the menu at lower cost - and a full breakfast will keep you going all day. Breakfast can also be served in your room but we opted for the restaurant. Ask for herbal tea if you wish although it's not listed on the menu. Our child loved their pot of chocolate. The apartment was furnished with traditional style furniture including desk and dining table. Tiny kitchenette but included a washing machine, we didn't try it out. Couldn't get the 42 inch TV to work but the second TV was fine for us, we didn't bother asking someone to deal with it.By Central London standards the bedroom was very quiet. We didn't have a view but I'd trade that for a good nights sleep anytime. The bed was very comfortable and you can choose a pillow. Shower either wasn't thermostatic or the thermostat had gone. Toiletries great, towels very clean and a good size. I'm not keen on a full size mirror over the bath but also reflecting the toilet. But if that's what turns you on....When we checked out the bill was wrong (too high of course) and the pre theatre dinner shows as afternoon tea, which is confusing. It was sorted out after we left but check the bill carefully. This hotel has a great location, the beds are large, comfortable and very clean. The food is good and the restaurant staff excellent. I'd definitely eat here again, not quite so sure about staying as the hassle with the bill did spoil a good experience.	
Jan 3 2007 	lovely private hotel	We were very impressed with our Executive Room we stayed. It was very nicely decorated in blue. The only down side was the toiletries - Neutrogena (yes, Boots sell them). They should change it to more upmarket products.	
Jan 1 2007 	Could bit a little better	Was taken here by my girlfriend. The location is great, opposite Green Park. I found the room a little small, but it had every thing you could need. It had a few nice touches like a choice of pillows. The bed was very comfortable. I don't think the hotel is really a 5 star hotel. The staff weren't really up to scratch: our bill was wrong and it took a waitress three attempts to get my bar order right (all I wanted was a large bottle of water!).The spa was small, but I thought is was good none the less.As with most 5 star hotels these days, they tell us they really want us to enjoy our stay, but insult us by charging £2+ for a KIt Kat and £4.50 for a bottle of water!	
Dec 12 2006 	Great rooms	Great rooms - excellent afternoon tea - very convenient location.A place I have returned to on several occasions.Recommend	
Dec 7 2006 	Consistently Great	I've stayed at the Athenaeum in London four times in the past year plus. First and foremost it offers a perfect location on Picadilly across from Green Park and steps to Hyde Park. You can walk everywhere or hop the tube. Second, the staff (some have been there as long as 30 years) should be politicians because they always remember me (or a do a great job pretending), third the rooms -- while on the medium-small to small side -- are exquisitely clean with some of the silkiest sheets I've encountered in a hotel (along with the perfect weight duvet). Love the marble baths and fixtures. Also like that this is a smaller hotel with an intimate feel as well as the fact I can always find a competitive price online.	
Nov 14 2006 	Pure Luxury Enlglish style!	The Athenaeum hotel is a gorgeous hotel situated in Mayfair, about five minutes walk from Green Park station and ten minutes from Hyde Park Corner. It differs from some other renowned London hotels in that it has a friendly, informal atmosphere and a welcoming feel, despite its grand appearance and luxurious décor. The second you walk through the imposing front entrance, the door held open for you by a smiling doorman, you feel instantly relaxed and pampered.A friendly concierge greets you and helped us through to the check in. He showed us to the Windsor Lounge, where afternoon tea and light refreshments are served (evening meals are served in Bullochs, their restaurant, which I have tried and also heartily recommend for a special occasion). The Windsor lounge is furnished with big, comfy armchairs, squishy sofas and tables. It’s decorated in warm, earthy tones and is a lovely place to relax and unwind. The egg mayonaise sandwiches are a delight, but my favorite is the chicken tempura with a curried dipping sauce. I hope that never vanishes from the serving menu!	
Oct 11 2006	excellent boutique hotel	I recently stayed at the Athenaeum hotel and was very pleased. The location is ideally located a few blocks down from the Green Park subway station that you can take from Heathrow and a short walk to Buckingham Palace.  The room itself was superb. There was a very comfortable bed with pillow valet (you can choose what type of pillow you would like such as tempurpedic, buckwheat), heated towel racks and excellent water pressure in the shower.  Also greatly appreciated was the jacuzzi tub downstairs and steam room. There is also a small gym that has treadmill, elliptical trainer and row machine. There wasn't any street noise, but you could sometimes hear hallway noise, but it wasn't a problem since it seemed like most of the clientele was older and there wasn't a lot of in and out traffic during the middle of the night.  I will definitely be staying there again!	
Oct 10 2006 	1 star too many	I stayed at the athenaeum for 1 saturday night. I booked to relax in my room, watch a few DVDs and be near a restaurant i was dining in that evening. Reception staff were happy and friendly, I turned on my usual charm and asked for an upgrade as i am a travel agent, without even the slightest hesitation i was upgraded to a large executive room overlooking the park. I was shown a standard double by the guy who took me to my room as i mentioned that if this hotel was nice enough i'd reccomend it to my clients. There is this habit in 5 star hotels where the staff take you to your room and show you how everything works and where everything is ( insulting your intelligence comes to mind ) and then they hang around waiting for a tip, but not this guy, off he went when he was done and that was nice. Do not stay in the standard rooms, there is no little sitting area and they are pretty small with horrid views.The executive room i had was only 'okay' . The room had everything i needed, DVD and Cd player was great and the pillows are the most comfortable i have ever come across. The bathroom was dull and average, could do with refurbishing. There were things scattered around the room that had price tags on them - an umbrella for £50 in one corner of the room and a hotel teddy bear by the bed for £25 and so on. ( strange , i've never come across this before at a 5 star hotel )This hotel is trying hard to be a 5 star hotel but falls a star short. firstly the bar here is actually the lobby and tiny. the restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner has the weirdest decor but serves a great breakfast. ( at £24 per person, i wouldn't think they would dare to get it wrong ).the location is on a busy piccadilly but 10-15 minutes to all the action.I would actually reccomend this hotel but not to anyone expecting a 5 star experience. I'd place this hotel at the better end of the 4 star range.	
Sep 28 2006 	A great choice!	We recently stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon and after a year of hectic planning, were so grateful to stay somewhere we felt not only accommodated, but well taken care of. From the congratulatory welcome gift upon our arrival to the concierge with a wonderful sense of humor and desire to help make our stay in London memorable, we felt as though anything we needed was already anticipated. The hotel’s location in close proximity to Buckingham Palace, Green Park and the Underground made for an easy orientation to exploring London. Upon return, we even received a hand-written thank you letter from the hotel manager. Definitely recommend!	
Sep 3 2006 	Good location but expensive	We stayed in two apartments affiliated with the hotel in the building next door. Apartments have all hotel services included with the bonus of kitchenettes and living rooms. We found the hotel location to be good, with many restaurants and interesting shops in walking distance and a bus stop right near the hotel (at the Hard Rock Cafe) which was a convenient way to travel to the South Kensington museums. Most theaters were in walking distance, albeit a long walk, which turned out to be a godsend when finding evening taxis proved impossible one night. The hotel and apartments had good AC, which was wonderful during London's broiling heat wave. We ate several times at the hotel, both room service and dining room, and were pleased with food quality and service. Housekeeping was good, and would even wash any dishes we left in our kitchenette. We also liked the bathroom showers --- they worked well. Negatives? Well, the fussy British decor in the apartments was not to my taste. Apartments differ in style and we drew two with Victorian floral drapes and such. Not my cup of tea. But for someone else, that look might be perfect. The elevator in the apartment building was small, able to hold only a handful of passengers. We often chose the stairs, even though we were quite a few flights up. Overall, the hotel seemed awfully expensive, even at the special pound for dollar rate we paid. Also, and this is a minor point, the bathrooms are too small to have towel heaters in them. Several family members had minor burn accidents on the heaters --- nothing serious, just annoying. Finally, we were disappointed with the very small size of the kitchenettes. Way too small to do any cooking of consequence. Even breakfast was hard to produce in such cramped quarters. The appliances could be tricky for Americans to figure out too, but to me that's part of the fun of travel....All in all, I would stay here again, especially if I could get a good discounted room rate.	
Aug 16 2006 	its ok	well, nothing really wrong with the hotel but was bit dissapointed as it was listed as 5 star. the side view of the hotel is very rundown and looks a bit 70's office block! still the room was in good condition but quiet small. it was pleasant but didnt offer the five star polish which was dissapointing. it was our first wedding anniversary and we stayed at the peninsula hotel in new york for our wedding and so i wanted to recreate that glamour for our annivesary and it didnt really come off for us. i think i agree about the lack of true 5 star hotels in london. the prices are simular though! dont order breaksfast it was awful. presentation was lovely but american pancakes looked and tasted more like burnt hash browns. i got the strong impression it was cooked in lard! £44 for breakfast. for two. £8 for a sandwich!!!!! even i have moments of madness and order these things but the quality of food is just not present. bath robes where terrible quality.so in conclusion, friendly staff, good location, clean but lousy food and dont expected it to be five star quality	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Hotel!	Perfect location at a very reasonable price if you book in advance with Expedia. Make sure you get a room looking over Green Park! Great bar! Highly Recommended!	
Jun 15 2006 	Good for the business traveller	I stayed at the Athenaeum Hotel for one night due to business in London. It offered an average tariff for the area (£230) The hotel was clean, well lit and fragrant smelling. The lift is tiny and since there are 10 floors you may wait a while. I had a standard room on the 6th floor which was very comfortable. I liked that it didn't have the usual awkward narrow entrance into the room. The decor was reasonably neutral and the window quite large. Despite being on the main road, it was totally quiet - good sound proofing I guess. The hotel offers a &quot;breakfast to go&quot; service which I found very useful. All the staff where warm and friendly. I would definitely choose the Athenaeum again, although I felt underdressed in my office attire next to the glamourous tourists I met in the tiny lift. The bed and the bathroom in the standard room are too small for 2, but for me by myself and being only 5ft 5in, it was perfectly fine.	
May 18 2006	Good experience at the Athenaeum Hotel	The hotel was located in a very central location and well within walking distance of an underground station. The rooms were quite a bit smaller than I expected, though still functional and comfortable. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was extremely helpful and attentive. Be warned that the hotel is currently undergoing renovations and some ammenaties may not be available. The lift can be slow and many times we found it quicker to take the stairs up to our room on the 4th floor. The one main drawback: both the water pressure and temperature fluctuated during each shower I took at the hotel. All in all, I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
May 4 2006	Have to agree with the last opinion on this hotel: it is NOT a five star	It is an adding-on review on the last review on this hotel. I am writing this, especially for those, who have no idea of this hotel (since it is not well known, but claims to be a five star one) and are sort of made to stay at this hotel with expectation for a five star hotel. If so, I would not recommend this hotel. We did not intend to stay at this hotel at all, but as it was during the easter holiday, and all other hotels we were looking were booked out. Our travel agent recommended this from a catalogue (adding he had never heard of this hotel) as being the only available one at that time. We traveled with our little baby, so class and comfort were very important. We paid about 220 Euro per room(around 170 BP), stayed five nights there, so at the end it was not that pricy, especially after having known this hotel. If the quality of the hotel in terms of the service, staff etc was up to the claimed level, the money was certainly well spent, but it was not. As described below, it was not that clean, old and shabby. And the staff were - compared with my experiences at Ritz &amp; Marriott's - far away from the five star. One example from many: our neighbours were quite loud throughout the night (they were fighting all the time) and we found that very disturning, but were so polite, so just hoped that they would calm down. Well, even the last night of our London trip, where we had to get up 5 a.m.next morning, they were fighting so loud that we could not sleep. So I called the reception and brielfy explained the situation. Guess what happened: the young lady did not know what to do and asked me instead &quot;so what can I do for you?&quot;. There were some elements of five star hotels, e.g. morning newspaper service, but either you are a five star or not. In my opinion, it is not a five star. Perhaps 3+. If you find a real pricy room and do not mind about the class much, then go for it (the location is quite good), but, for me personally, I do not think we would stay there again, even at a much lower price.	
Mar 29 2006	Not a Five Star but Good	This hotel is not a 5 star, as last minute or any other providers claim. 4 star +. I paid £103 for 1 night which was pricey because it was just me. I had a ball in London that night.This high rating comes mainly from the service. The staff, especially in the hair salon &amp; the doormen (Jim and an Australian man) are wonderful. However, the Irish concierge is rude. Wonderful too is the location opposite Green Park and behind Park lane. You can also walk to along Picadilly, to Mayfair market or go shopping in the Oxfor Circuis area.The reason it is not anywhere near 5 star is that its just too shabby and small. It needs an upgrade. Honestly ask yourself, when you are stuck in the small elevators; devouring a stale, over-priced high tea; sampling a lunch in the half-empty restaurant; using a spa without a pool and with the sauna not working, and an unattractive, relatively run-down and 1950s decorated building: is this really on a par with Claridges or the Ritz ? However, its probably cheaper so I'd say, if the price is right, go for it!Contact me at chriseng30@fsmail.net for further questions.	
Mar 22 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed 2 nights at the Athenaeum Hotel on a recent trip to Europe. The room was very nice, very spacious and had a comfortable bed. The staff were helpful and ready to please. Great location, easy access to the 'tourist' type activities. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 20 2006	Wonderful Hotel	We booked on lastminute and got a very good rate. We knew in advance that the first floor was being refurbished but it did not really affect us (there was work going on at the weekend but very little noise in any case). The room was beautifully decorated and had a stunning view over Green Park.We didn't have breakfast but went to the Spa in the morning. Very nice way to start the day. Looking forward to having an excuse to returning to this hotel.	
Jan 27 2006	Made our weekend special	This was one of the most friendly and accomodating hotels I have ever stayed in. Although we were disappointed that the sauna etc was shut down, we were upgraded to an executive room, sent a bottle of champagne for my partners birthday and given breakfast the next morning. All of the staff were efficient and friendly and ensured that our weekend away was a very special one. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 19 2006	Lovely!	Stayed four nights in November, and I must say it was a very welcome change to the shabby Bayswater hotels I usually end up staying at in London. Booked through lastminute.com, at a great rate. Got free upgrade to executive room because of boyfriend's Birhtday. Lovely spacious room, bed ditto. Adored the heated towels in the bathroom. Spa was gorgeous, though small, but no one seemed to use it, so got it all to ourselves! Great location, central but still quiet at night. Only minus is I never saw anything to the promised Champagne upon check in...	
Jan 17 2006	Great value	Booked through LastMinute and got a great deal. The room was lovely, very modern with lots of gadgets e.g. remote controlled curtains. Bed was extremely comfortable. Service was excellent. Don't be put off by the external view of the hotel.Only downside was that there is a refurb of the ground floor going on which means the jacuzi/sauna etc are closed (spa treatments still available) - no noise from the work though (at weekend at least) but it is expected to last 3 months.	
Dec 30 2005	Super Christmas break at the Athenaeum	Had a wonderful stay at the Athenaeum. As with other reviews we booked through lastminute and paid approx £80 each, for both room at Athenaeum and top price theatre tickets at the Palladium. This turned out to be superb value. The hotel is in a great location on Piccadilly and has smart decor. Our room was maybe on the smaller side, but was immaculate, with a huge comfy bed, plasma tv/dvd and marble bathroom. The room service breakfast is extortionate(see below!) but we ate out so cannot comment on its quality. The small whisky bar is also expensive (£35 for 4 large gin and tonics)but has a homely atmosphere and somehow feels like it's worth paying the extra(friendly, knowledgeable barman and really lovely glasses etc). I would definitely go back to the Athenaeum and happily recommend it.	
Oct 10 2005	Fantastic deal!!	I booked this hotel as part of a surprise birthday night out for my boyfriend. I got a fantastic deal on lasminute...only £99 which is fantastic for a 5* hotel in Picadilly!I travelled up to london the night before his birthday with an over night bag (he wasn't aware that I had booked us in a hotel!) and the hotels reception were fantastic and agreed to put our luggage in a safe room over night.We were really pleased with our room , it is exactly like the pictures shown on this internet site. Very large, comfy bed, marble bathroom with fluffy robes and slippers...fantastic.As the person said in the review before, breakfast is a little pricy -I think for both of us the breakfast which we had ordered to our room was about £45. It came on a huge trolley and had a selection of fruits, yoghurts, cooked breakfast etc but was really worth it.We had a lovely stay, the price was great and we would come back!	
Oct 6 2005	Good deal from lastminite.com	Got a good deal from t'Internet - £130. Hotel location on Picadilly is great - right next door the the Sheraton. Check in was swift and friendly and room we were given was great.I think we got an upgrade to the &quot;normal&quot; discount rooms though, as we checked in quite early. We were on the 5th Floor to the side of the hotel. Good size room with excellent bathroom. All mod cons - including Digital TV, In room broadband Internet etc.MY Wife had breakfast in the hotel - quite pricey at £21 - I opted for a Coffee and Muffin from the nearby Starbucks and sat in Green Park watching the birds and squirrels play on a beautiful warm Autumn morning.All in all a good hotel for the money if booked on lastminite.com. Would probably suit the more &quot;mature&quot; traveller rather than a younger person coming to London.Would I stay again? - Yes.	
Oct 3 2005 	Location great! Hotel above average....	We stayed two nights at the Athenaeum at the end of September. The lobby is unimpressive. The desk staff was cordial, but not really friendly. The complimentary champagne at check-in was a lovely touch! The concierge was wonderful - very funny and helpful! The doorman was great. I misplaced a shawl while checking in, and the manager tried very hard to try to help me locate it, which I very much appreciated. The room was small, but comfortable. The bed was nice. The lights were hard to figure out, as they worked on a remote. The bath was small, but nice. We got an excellent price for the room ($300/night US). I feel that the value was good at that price; the room was adequate and the location was prime. However, at the more usual rate of $500/night US, I believe you can do better!	
Oct 2 2005	Perfect place for elderly and wealthy people	My parents sent me to London for five days as a graduation gift. I went there with my boyfriend, I was 20 years old then and he was 22. We probably should have picked a more modern hotel like the St. Martin's Lane or the Sanderson out of the five star category, because the Atenaeum is rather for older people or just for the upper class. Sure, everything was fine, but we felt wrong in this place cause it was too perfect and posh. First we had to deposit a credit card which we didn't have, so we had to give them lots of cash which we actually took with us for shopping, not for leaving it at the hotel all the time. I think a real 5-star-hotel should treat every guest equally, that's what makes it 5-star!The staff looked at us as if we were strangers because we obviously weren't as wealthy as the other people there.Also, the breakfast was so tiny and consisted of only some fruit, anything else we wanted costed a fortune.Next time in London, we will definitely go to an other hotel!	
Sep 1 2005	Good location	I recently stayed at the Atheneum for a holiday weekend with my husband. I got a fantastic rate on lastminute for their double room. When we checked in they offered us an upgrade to a larger room, which was £40 per night. The &quot;cheap&quot; was very small although nicely furnished. The upgraded room was much nicer and larger. I was surprised that they offered it at £40 which I think is quite expensive. The bed was very big and comfortable and had two excellent night sleep. The staff were all very friendly, the common rooms were clean and the maid staff nice. Everything was efficient. The hotel is in a great location with Shepard Market very close by.I would recommend it again.	
Aug 30 2005 	Good but not top	I have stayed a few times at the Athenaeum London over the past three years. Even though I would say it is a nice hotel, it is not fantastic. The location across from Green Park near Hyde Park Corner is good. Try to get a Park View Room, even though you might have a little street noise, it is not too disturbing. The gym, though small, is open 24 hours. However the wet zones are only form 8 to 8 which is a shame. The rooms are not very large but cosy, beds are comfortable, though a bit on the small side for tall people.Breakfast is pleasant with lots of freshly baked breads and fresh fruits.Reception is ok but could be a little friendlier, in particular when it is not very busy. Also the hotel constantly asks you to fill in reviews about the quality of the place, however I never notice that much changes. The place is on my emplyer's corporate list, therefore I return often. However I question the Small Luxury Hotel award slightly having been to other SLH places.	
Jul 20 2005	Delighted	I made reservations at the Athaneum based on a combination of good reviews on Tripadvisor and a &quot;fair&quot; weekend rate. It is difficult to find a hotel for 4 (my wife and two children, 7 and 9) in London.I did not expect the hotel to be as good as we found it. Check in was personable - though as a previous reviewer wrote - the front desk staff are all &quot;foreign&quot;. The doorman is fantastic - with the impressive skill of greeting me by name every time I came in and out. The one bedroom suite was beautiful. It was a few doors up the quiet side street. Traditionally furnished with comfortable chairs, desks and sofa. The children loved the large flat panel wall mounted TV in the bedroom. The living room had a large modern B&amp;O TV and there was a seperate stereo system with its own remote.5 minutes after checking in the children were brought a basket of games and sticker books.We did not use the kitchen but it apeared to be well supplied.A full English breakfast and impressive breakfast buffet in the pleasant restaurant, was included in the weekend rate.As a bonus - about 20 minutes after arriving, we walked across Green Park and as we got to the Mall, saw a small motorcade followed by the Queen.Checkout was painless with no added surprises.	
Jul 11 2005 	Not bad. Not Great.	Stayed at this hotel for a week in June. Friendly staff. Nice location. My room was ok. Bath was small. Bed was comfortable. Elevators are small. This is not a bad choice if the price is right.	
Jun 25 2005	Standards are slipping	I have stayed at the Athenaeum many times over the past ten years. I have been a big fan of the hotel. This stay, however, I noticed some significant changes. The front desk staff is now largely foreign, and that leads to some language problems in communicating. They are nice enough, but not as responsive as one would expect. The housekeeping staff, which used to be flawless, is not quite up to snuff either. Some cherry pits which were sitting on a plate in our room were not picked up at turndown, and were left until the next morning. The rooms are well-kept, but in the apartments, the kitchen and the bathroom are beginning to show their age - appliances had some problems and the bathroom is looking a little worn. The kitchen and bath have not changed in ten years. Some elements of the Athenaeum are as good as ever - the doormen and bell staff have been there forever, and they are wonderful, especially James. The concierge staff is good. We had problems with the billing for our room, as they attempted to charge a rate fifty percent more than had been quoted on their website. This problem was cleared up, but made for an unpleasant end to our stay. We have loved the Athenaeum, but they need to get on top of some problems which could lead to the loss of their reputation. For these prices, things need to be close to perfect.	
May 3 2005	Not quite 5 star	Spent one night in the Athenaeum, got a good deal from Thomas Cook (260€ per double). Staff was very friendly and on arrival we were upgraded to an Executive room. The room was spacious, not much of a view (9th floor) but unfortunately it was not very clean: dust all over the place and hair in the bath. Certainly not acceptable for a 5* hotel. Breakfast was OK but again nothing special.Used to stay in the Royal Park Hotel (4*) and I must say that there is not much of a difference between the Royal Park and the Athenaeum.	
May 3 2005	Excellent Service at the Athenaeum!	I booked the Athenaeum through Last Minute.com for £109. This was booked without knowing the name of the hotel, just general location and rating (5 *). We were pleasantly surprised to find it just 5 - 10 minutes walk away from Green Park Underground (although not 'across the road' as described in their website!). After contacting the hotel regarding an upgrade, we took up their offer of £30 for an executive twin. We arrived early at 10am and our rooms weren't ready (to be expected at that time). John the Concierge practially wrestled the bags off our shoulders - not used to such service! The concierge took our bags for storage and we freshened up in the powder room, just on the first floor. It is gorgeous!! Take a look ladies, step back in time to a really traditional ladies powder room.We arrived back at the hotel late afternoon and was taken to our room on the 7th floor by receptionist, who offered to show us round the hotel and explain the facilities. Unfortunatley we were running late so had to decline. It was a lovely traditional style room with two single beds that were side by side. A bay window looked out onto a side street, and if you looked down the street to the left you could see Green Park. View wasn't an interest of ours, so we were quite happy. There were two chairs and a small table between them. The TV was equiped with CD/DVD player, which was excellent and the optional extra of using the interet at a charge. The room was spotless with gorgeous white duvets, pillows and sheets. The room itself was an ok size - I must say I think the standard room would therefore be very small. Bathroom was nice with two towelling robes and Neutragena toiletries. Fantastic shower as well! The beds were truly a delight to sleep in! The most comfortable beds ever! We didn't use the other facilities in the hotel, so can't coment. Green Park tube is on the Piccaddily, Victoria and Jubilee lines, so it is a good base to move around. We took a stroll through Green Park and ended up facing Buckingham Palace! It was only 10 mins away and we hadn't realised it was so close. I don't know that I would pay the rack rate of £300+ a night for a room, but at a discount, you are really getting more than your money's worth. Beautiful hotel with really pleasant staff and in a great location for sight-seeing.	
Apr 23 2005 	pampered	Not cheap, but worth every penny. This is a hotel that really does try to 'go the extra mile'. We had a very enjoyable week-end, in a lovely room overlooking Green Park, made even more pleasurable by the overall welcome (a glass of champagne poured as we checked in ), to the friendliness and professionalism of all of the hotel staff we encountered. The hotel itself is very well situated for shopping ( near to Bond Street and Jermyn Street, and not too far from Knightsbridge) and also only a relatively short distance from the theatrical ares and other tourist locations such as Buckingham Palace/River Thames. Breakfast was not cheap but the quality was excellent and if you want to eat elsewhere there a plenty of good locations nearby. Try it!!	
Apr 11 2005	A1 Hotel	Stayed here over the easter weekend for 2 nights through a great deal on Last Minute. Upon arrival we was upgraded to a 1 bedroomed apartment in the adjacent street, wow! amazing apartment. The staff at the hotel were great from start to finish, very friendly.Great location across the road from Green Park, 5 mins walk to Buckingham Palace, 5 mins walk to Green Park tube station, and 10 mins walk to Piccadily Circus. A bit pricey in the hotel itself for food and drink, but not as excessive as other hotels of this standard. Breakfast £21 but excellent, room service breakfast £21 as well. Pop into the whiskey bar, 200 different whiskeys to choice from.Would certainly reccomend this to anyone.	
Apr 6 2005	Still a Class Leader	I stayed at this Hotel on 2nd April overnight. I had a great deal from lastminute where it is currently listed (April 05) as a secret hotel, &quot;5* near park lane&quot;.This is and always has been a stunning hotel, I have been staying here off and on over 7 years. I am not someone who is into loyalty for the sake of it but I keep returning because I cannot find anywhere else to beat it.For 199 inc taxes I got a superb Junior suite with a vast marble bathroom. The room was decorated like a jewel case and was spotless. The rich but tasteful decoration sets all of their rooms off individually and increases the sense of comfort.As ever, even though I checked in early (11am), they had a room for me, just compare that with what happens when you turn up early at a chain hotel. In the past I have turned up at 8am and they still checked me in. All the staff were as ever polite and downright friendly. Food ordered was delicious and promptly delivered. With the current deals you can stay here for the same as a Hilton, even though the class difference is total. It is every way the equal of the Dorchester, and cheaper, and friendlier. It knocks the Ritz into a cocked hat and is cheaper and friendlier, I could go on, but like I said I keep staying here because it is the best I can find.	
Apr 1 2005	Comfortable hotel in top class location	Booked a 2 night stay using lastminute for a weekend break.Good Points:Location - Superb position overlooking Green park/Buckingham palace...step outside of the lobby onto the street and you feel as if you should be wearing your top hat and tails. Central to everything and close to the tube station.Room - A nice relaxing feel with very comfortable bed.Staff - Generally helpful and prompt.Bad Points:Noise - Woken at 4 am Sunday morning by the loud clattering of a truck loading/unloading deliveries outside hotel window in a side street.	
Mar 26 2005 	Not a 5 star 4 star at best	Just spent an evening here after much fuss. I was referred by a top executive of a Fortune 100 firm and told to book their negotiated corporate rate. The reservations staff rebuffed my oral request and demanded a written one. I complied only to be told that such request must be on XYZ's corporate letterhead or from an email ending (---). My company also has negotiated rates and no hotel we use places such burdens on our guests. After another email to reservations they referred my correspodence to XYZ company's regional travel manager to verify my identity and request. Finally, they reserved me a room. This experience was insulting and I was treated like a second class swindler.Check in was polite and gracious allowing me to have a room before noon. The room was small, carpets dirty and worn, and the street noise was both obvious and annoying. The bed was well made but too short for a 6 foot tall person. The bathroom was small and showed signs of wear. The soundproofing between rooms and the hall was non-existent. A housekeeper opened my door without knocking, twice. Later a welcome letter and piece of fruit was delivered, sadly they were addressed to somebody else.I utilized the concierge once for a dining reference, he chatted away on the phone without acknowledging my presence for 6-8 minutes. The conversation he had was personal and subject matter crude at times. His chirppy voice filled the small lobby and his wannabe snob/&quot;look at me I am so special&quot; attitude was pothetic and irritating. He fancied himself a rich patron not a service provider.The only positive I found in this hotel was its location across from Green Park and the service extended by the front desk. Everything else, at these prices and a 5 star rating, is lacking.	
Mar 21 2005	This place has gone downhill	I have stayed at the hotel several times over the last 12 months and normally I find the Athenaeum a very pleasant experience, hence my decision to use the hotel for a personal trip rather than the usual business trips. On this occasion I was very disappointed, by some small issues and one particular issue which left me feeling really rather annoyed.Generally the service levels seem to have dropped siginificantly, this time the staff were rude and unhelpful. Not sure if there are different people who work at the weekends, but it was a different experience for sure. I wouldn't recommend this hotel anymore.	
Mar 14 2005 	First class	Just returned from the Athenaeum and I can't speak highly enough of it. From the moment we entered, the quality was evident. From the concierge who remembers your name to the luxury of the rooms, this is a very good experience for London. Even though the hotel is situated on Piccadilly, the rooms were quiet. Another bonus is that it is only five minutes walk to Le Caprice, an excellent restaurant in Arlington Street (situated at the side of the Ritz) which offers atmosphere, great food yet doesn't break the bank!This is, without doubt, one of the best hotels in London and is worth the expense - or better still, look for a good deal on lastminute.comHighly recommended. When we are next in London this is where we will be heading!!	
Feb 23 2005	Prepare yourself...not a rave review !	We stayed at the Athenaeum Hotel on a weekend deal with lastminute for £106 p.p. in February 2005. We were really looking forward to experiencing the 5 Star luxury talked about in most of the reviews...I would have to say the hotel was fine for a weekend break but not deserving of such adulation. We obviously got one of the rooms used for cheap deals, described by a previous reviewer, as it was small and had a view over a back alley. The bed was a real feather bed and was so comfortable but it was short and our feet did hang off the bottom. The location is upmarket but dead at weekends, we couldn’t get a beer after 10.30pm and there were no shops nearby for a friend to buy cigarettes.  Checking out on Sunday morning, the receptionist produced a bill for two breakfasts which was something around £35, I think, I was so shocked I didn’t really look at the actual figure, I was just trying to work out how a hotel of this standard can allow this to happen. We certainly didn’t have the breakfasts so someone had given our room number and got free food. I felt I had to defend our integrity and showed my signature was nothing like the squiggle given by the person receiving the food. It was horrible feeling like because we were on a special rate, we would be dishonest! The couple with us stayed in the identical room above us and had their bag rummaged through and left open but thankfully they had used the safe. The hotel did the job for the rate we paid but that is it! Kensington or Knightsbridge is more suited for a shopper’s weekend.	
Feb 18 2005	pricey but worth it	This is a quiet, sophisticated hotel with a staff that is attentive without being intrusive. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and the food excellent. I was there in July and the breakfast buffet included a wide choice of fresh, seasonal fruit--uncommon in big-city hotels in my experience. Deals that include breakfast are best, because the menu price is steep. While this is not an inexpensive hotel, there is real value for the price.	
Feb 8 2005	Fantastic proper 5 * accomodation	from the moment you enter this hotel you are greeted with a warm welcome.Its not stuffy like other 5 * hotels in London and you are not looked upon like scum if you have jeans on! Would definatly stay again easily the best hotel I have stayed in, in London. 3 minutes walk from Tube station and approx 10 minutes walk from piccadily and 10 minutes from Knightsbridge.Concierge are fantastic and cannot do enough to help.Should be higher up in rank of hotels.	
Jan 20 2005 	First Class	This is easily the best hotel I've stayed at (Jan 2005) in London. It's small, quiet (despite being on Piccadilly), welcoming, well-appointed and extremely comfortable. Very well worth staying here if you can (currently selling on lastminute for around £120 per night).	
Jan 11 2005	Fantastic Christmas in London	Everything was better than my family and I expected. We had a magical Christmas (Dec. 2004) at the Athenaeum. In fact, I wanted to go back to London just to stay at the hotel. This was the first time we had our Christmas away from home but we felt so much at home at the Athenaeum. We had a one bedroom apartment which was perfect for our family of four because it has a completely separate bedroom with a king size bed and a very lovely bathroom. The living room is spacious, elegantly decorated, has a queen size sofa bed and with windows look out to a partial park view, not to mention the giant plasma display that my boys loved so much. In fact, my husband and I were able to go for English Tea twice thanks to the DVDs from the front desk. The petite and adorable kitchen has everything to make you feel like home, including a washer/dryer unit to take care of your daily laundry. I used the washer everyday (note: it is better to dry your clothes on a hanger than in the dryer.) We love having our English breakfast (included in the room rate) and our dinner at the restaurant. The food was exceptional and the service was absolutely outstanding. Donald from the concierge is friendly, helpful and humorous. I just wish there are more people like him at other five-star hotels. The compact gym is perfect for exercise and the rest of the spa facilities is very nicely done. We did make full use of it during our eight-day stay at the hotel. Lastly, I got a lot of help from the reservation staff to plan my vacation via email before we arrived London.	
Jan 1 2005	a treasure of a hotel	This is a gem of a hotel. It is a small, boutique hotel that has a prime location - across from Green Park, a short walk to Buckingham Palace and Shepherd's Market. It is located in the area of Mayfair which boasts some of the finest shops, art galleries and antique stores. The service was impeccable from the concierge to the waiters in the restaurants. Our family stayed in the apartments, situated next door to the hotel on a quiet and charming street. The apartment was beautifully appointed with fine English decorations, furnishings and draperies; the television in our living room was large with flat screen and offered many options such as internet access and movie viewing. We saw other apartments that had different decore; one next door had a bachelor theme with modern furniture. Tea is an understated tradition served in the living room area with wonderful delicacies that my nine year old daughter Rachel was delighted with! Breakfast was superb with a range of fresh fruits, baked goods and delicious eggs and omelettes. The whiskey bar was intimate and a great refuge for my husband. I also used the exercise facilities, which while small in size, was adequate. The Athenaeum is highly recommended hotel that is small enough to give its clientele superior service and I will most definitely return!	
Dec 2 2004	Almost perfect	WoW! Why isn't this place higher on the list? I stayed here for one night this week doing some business in London. It was almost perfect. I wanted a place that wasn't full of flowers &amp; chintz. The Athenaeum is as sophisticated and stylish as any hotel in the world - the perfect antidote to an overdose of Laura Ashley. Service was excellent.	
Nov 17 2004	Five star class	We have stayed at the Athenaeum four times and are heading back soon at the end of November - it is a lovely hotel! We feel at home the moment we walk in the door. The staff are wonderful and everyone remembers us - from the doorman to the maitre d. The facilities are top notch - just how a top class London hotel should be, but without the stuffiness. A great location too - you can walk everywhere. Can't wait to be back on the 26th!	
Nov 1 2004	Lovely London Hotel	We stayed at the Athenaeum for a week while in London recently. It was wonderful. The room was clean upon arrival. There were nice touches, such as a towel warmer in the bathroom, good water pressure and consistent temperature in the shower, lights that come on as you enter the room, turn-down service, newspaper delivery and a cute fitness room and jacuzzi with sauna and steam rooms. Donald, the concierge, was most helpful with sightseeing plans and routes. Room service and housekeeping were fast and efficient. We enjoyed a delicious meal in Bulloch's Restaurant and cocktails in the Windsor Lounge. The location was excellent as it was close to the Tube and in a nice neighborhood for walking while not being too noisy or overcrowded. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay while in London.	
Oct 28 2004	A Gem!	I have stayed here twice, they treat you like family. Have not seen any reviews of their apartments next door to the hotel, what luxury and comfort, what space! You won't want to leave. I rented a one bedroom and they kindly upgraded me to a two bedroom because at the last minute, family from Ireland decided to come and stay with me. The manager was just wonderful. Doesn't hurt to have a great Irish concierge who has been at the hotel for years. As someone else mentioned, the front staff are the best in the world. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is top notch also. This is a family owned and operated hotel and it feels like it too!	
Sep 20 2004	The Only Place You Should Stay	Simply wonderful. From the moment of arrival to the moment we left, everything was just how a five star hotel should be.We got a fantastic rate of just £99 through Superbreaks AND this made no difference when we arrived at the hotel.We caught the first train to London and arrived at the hotel 9.30 on a Saturday morning but we were shown to our room immediately.To be honest, because we had booked at a discounted rate, we expected this to be reflected in the standard of our room. How wrong could we have been!!The room had views of Green Park, was a good size and most importantly was clean - a rarity in London these days - visit Le Meridien Piccadilly or the Hampshire if you doubt my words.As with all hotels its the little details that matter - a nightly turn down service and a card left on your bed with the weather forecast for the following day!!!If you are looking for a hotel in Central London that dedicates itself to customer service then look no further and book your stay at the Athenaeum and if you're lucky you'll find yourself sharing breakfast with a movie star. We did!!From now on, whenever we stay in London, it will be at the Athenaeum.	
Sep 5 2004	HOW A HOTEL SHOULD BE	Those of you who travel to London regularly know how often you come across unfriendly and amateur staff. The Athenaeum is the complete opposite of this. The rooms are great as is the location. The only thing stopping me staying there on every visit is the lack of availability action within my wallet!	
Aug 17 2004	Fabulous weekend spoilt by an over zealous front office	Fabulous location, good room, all be it at the back of the hotel with no view and this despite the fact that the hotel was very quiet during our stay. The meal in the restaurant was excellent and the al a carte menu represented reasonably good value. Shame the truffles didn't arrive with the coffee when it was taken in the bar. The bar by the way was excellent and the member of staff absolutely superb.However, a thoroughly enjoyable weekend has been spoilt by an ill judged decision on the part of the hotel to make a charge for mini bar items to my visa card after my departure, something I only discovered when my credit card account arrived, and this despite my having advised upon departure that we hadn't used the mini bar. A letter and three telephone calls were required before my account was credited for the mischarged items and even then an apology for the inconvenience hasn't been forthcoming. I have stayed in many hotels, over many years, in many countries, but never have I had experience of a hotel that charges your credit/debit/charge card after departure without your prior consent. This is just not acceptable and I would certainly expect much better of a hotel with five red stars which prides itself on the quality of its personal service.	
Aug 15 2004	Great hotel but watch out for the short beds!	Great hotel, good location, fantastic staff.... but, probably because we booked a special offer, we had a very small room. The bed was very short, my husband had to sleep with his feet over the edge ... and he's only 6 foot tall!!	
Jul 26 2004	Such a comfortable Place	We have just returned from a wonderful visit at the Athenaeum hotel. From the outside the hotel looks quite drab, but don't let this put you off. The staff and the interior more than make up for a building you would probably walk past without a second glance. The door men are so helpful, down to the point of offering bottled water and face towels to the hotel guests who have been out jogging. Reception are shining examples of how reception staff should be, efficient and friendly. Initially I was disappointed by the room. It was small and only contains a 3/4 sized bath. But the view (of Green Park), the comfortable bed and the airconditioning more than made up for the rooms size. My only complaint? A loud guest in the next room conducting a telephone conversation at 2am and having an animated discussion with other guests in her room. The reason I could probably hear EVERYTHING was that our room had an integral door to her room to enable families to have 2 rooms ajoining etc., I think it would be best to check that your room doesn't have this facility unless you need it. With respect the fact that our neighbour was loud wasn't the hotels fault.We had a fabulous evening meal in the hotel restaurant, it was perfect in every way. All in all a comfortable stay, with friendly staff, who couldn't do enough to help. We will no doubt be back (we will check that the room isn't an ajoining room next time though!)	
Jul 22 2004	Wonderful place to stay	I stayed twice at this hotel this year and I really can recommend it. The rooms are wonderful for English standards. They are more spacy than at other hotels. The location is perfect. You can almost do everything by foot if you don´t want to take the subway as it can be overcrowded. The staff at the front desk is very helpful, especially Patricia. The breakfast comes in a small buffet style for the continental option or you order a cooked breakfast as well. They have &quot;The Times&quot; delivered to your room every morning as well as the &quot;Daily Express&quot; layed out in the lounge. The lounge is also very cosy and typical English. The concierge is very good and an institution. I definitely would stay there again!!!	
Jun 29 2004	The best in town	From the moment we stepped out of the taxi the Hotel felt special, the staff were excellent, the rooms perfect and the breakfast would set you up for the day.I stay in London on a regular basis and will be making this my home...	
May 17 2004	Wonderful Staff	I stayed at the Athenaeum from Dec. 27 to 29, 2003. The staff made me feel welcome immediately, which I very much appreciated when I arrived in my jet-lagged state. My room was on the small side, but had all the comforts I expected and a few little luxuries as well. A terrific experience!	
Mar 31 2004	Professional comfortable	Good location on Piccadilly; very comfortable; professional and welcoming staff.The bedroom was an example of how 'designer' can sometimes mean 'horrible' ? it was comfortable, fairly recently refurbished, but just not very attractive. On the day I stayed, there was no running water for several hours ? not the hotel's fault, but it didn't help.It's a really nice hotel, and doesn't have that 'chain' feel of so many London hotels. But given the acclaim it's received (five red AA stars, for example), I think I'd expected it to be more special than it actually was.	
Mar 21 2004	In heaven kids at the Athenaeum		
Feb 26 2004	Worth every penny		
Feb 12 2004	Save Your Money!		
Jan 28 2004 	Absolutely Perfect		
Dec 4 2003	Charming Luxury		
Nov 23 2003	Excellent London Hotel Experience		
Jul 17 2003	Great Location		
Dec 24 2002	Uneven Experience		
Aug 2 2002	My home away from home!		
Jan 21 2002	Modern Luxury		
Aug 21 2009 	Hôtel très bien mais un peu excentré et surtout très cher		
Aug 3 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 11 2009 	Eccellente servizio Hotel adeguato		
Dec 22 2008 	No te dejes engañar		
Dec 6 2008 	Una estancia inesperada y agradable		
Jan 14 2008 	Idéal grand confort détente maximale		
Sep 3 2007 	trato excelentealgunos peros		
