Nov 25 2009 	Loved it	I loved this hotel. We stayed in a corner delux room which was fab. There are great cocktails in the bar and the breakfast is very good (although a little expensive). I liked the free coffee from the machine in the corridor and the late night access to the vending machine selling wine and beer etc. We would normally stay at The Hoxton when we stay in London overnight, but this place is really so much nicer we will be staying here from now on. Finally the staff are absolutely brilliant.	
Nov 14 2009 	Needs Work	I'm not someone that requires luxury, but I was disappointed by most aspects of The Zetter. The TV was small and wall/ceiling mounted, so it was hard to see, the furniture was base plywood, the chair was dated-modern with a few screws missing, and the shower lacked pressure. The back courtyard was noisy, and the windows were not new, so both the noise and cold air crept through. The staff was polite, but not warm. The neighborhood is OK, but not great, and the location is not the best for taxis (though the desk will call for you). People have told me that he restaurant is above average hotel fare. Bottom Line: Not a bad hotel, but could use some work.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great value	The Zetter is a great value. If you want to be in the &quot;hip and trendy&quot; Clerkenwell area, this hotel is a good deal. Rooms are clean, chic and not as tiny as most big city hotels. The staff tried hard to be accommodating. The hotel is not particularly luxurious, but I can recommend it for those looking for value in London.	
Sep 29 2009 	Head Down to the Zetter!	If you want to be away from the maddening crowds, then head here!!We went for the weekend - Fri to Monday, and stayed in Room 503 (best in the house!) which had a massive roof terrace, which is great for a bit of sun bathing when you come in from sight seeing! The staff are great, especially with my million questions - you are away from the hustle of the tourist areas, which for us was great, and you are literally 10 mins away from everything on the bus, tube or taxi.We had breakfast at the hotel on the Sat, which was delicious, and then went round the corner on the Sunday to Smiths of Smithfield’s for their Sunday breakfast - you get the best of all worlds then.Downsides - room was a bit hot, and the bathroom had the mirror that is always hot to stop it from steaming up, which is great, but the bathrooms a bit tiny, so ends up like a sauna! For the money paid, if we hadn't done the 3 nights for 2, I would have been a bit disappointed with the toiletries....sounds a bit spoilt, but I would like to know that I'm getting spoilt for my money...nice toiletries do make that difference. I am that shallow...!The area is fairly quiet during the day at the weekends, which for us, we enjoyed – its not manic as soon as you head out of the door. It’s a less touristy area, and more residential. If you’re after something a bit more personal, which is quite funky, then this is your place.	
Sep 24 2009 	this place is perfect!	Perfect location, very small but beautiful rooms (standard in London), BIG bathroom and immaculate. Clerkenwell is a VERY COOL foodie area that is super close (5 mins by tube or bus) to central London attractions. I will always stay here when I come to London.	
Sep 8 2009 	Posh without the Dosh!	This was one of my favorite hotels, the service was great, the staff was excellent and the rooms were fantastic. We were there for a family wedding and everyone loved it, not so perfect for those looking to do some sight seeing but if your just wanting a london get away its perfect!	
Sep 5 2009 	Quality in an urban chic decor	We've Stayed at the Zetter for a couple of night this summer and really enjoyed our stay. The customer service we got was second to none, very warm welcome but yet quite a relax atmosphere. We only tried the full English breakfast from the restaurant. Verdict: delicious and very good value.	
Sep 3 2009 	We Loved Our Stay	We had an extended family stay at the Zetter over the wedding weekend of my daughter. There were a lot of us with a lot of needs! And the staff at the Zetter went way beyond the call for everyone and everything. They accomodated romance and strops and room service with grace. Thanks, we recomend you and commend you!	
Aug 31 2009	Trendy but hospitable and efficient	The Zetter (at a bargain rate) was a mixture of treat for getting a new job and getting away from noisy neighbours on a boring Bank Holiday weekend. Despite knowing the area (and indeed the bar/restaurant) from experience I had some apprehensions about staying. Would it be snooty/up itself, not really clean enough, ditzy, you get the picture.In fact it was none of the above - super comfy bed, quiet (corner rooms are worth going for btw) and friendly, on the ball staff.The entertainment system (TV wasn't the greatest but worked ) does allow for barricading yourself in - judging by my neighbours at least 4 rooms on my floor were Do Not Disturb but you couldn't hear a peep. Music is free and films are £5 a view. Plus you can bring your own.There is noise in the corridor from the bar below but you can't hear it in the room with the door shut. There is also some footfall noise from room above but none from same floor neighbours. Walk in 'rain' shower in small, clean bathroom. Magazines and great choice of 24 hr room service.My only (v minor) gripes were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room - you have to go and get free coffees/teas from a machine in the hall although this does mean you get OK coffee for a change. No minibar either although the automated bar prices - also in the hall - didn't cost the usual body parts. The decor and approach is quirky (V Clerkenwell) and will need, ahem, updating sooner rather than later if it is to stay cutting edge, but all in all a boutique hotel that actually delivers.	
Aug 17 2009 	AbZolutly Perfect!	We visited london for my birthday weekend which I had no idea i was recieveing! - I was worried as my husband had chosen and booked everything (and it is me that usualy does the planning) I didnt know about the trip until we arrived on a train from sheffield! and i can officialy say i was wrong to doubt him - after staying in numerous chic hotels around the world this is by far one of the best! interior design is beautiful and quirky. The staff go out of their way to help you and always have time for a quick friendly chat. The room was small but perfectly formed with delicious toiletries and robes on hand after a day of seeing all the london sights! The hotel restuarant was lovely the staff amazing and the food out of this world - especialy the desserts! As we retired to our room somewhat tipsy - we discovered the lovely second hand books - although we didnt read for long as we fell into a deep slumber - As we awoke we found lovely little touches like a newspaper left outside the door complete with a leaflet of all the bit and bobs and flea markets going off localy and made ourself hot drinks from our own machine outside the room! To sum it up - The vending machines - The coffee machine (free) the newspaper, the books the lovely design the super friendly staff and the location really made my birthday weekend one of the best ever! Tip - Jamie Olivers 15 resturant is on the bus route right outside the hotel and is only 3 stops along - The food was lovely but not as nice as the hotel! I really recommend staying here!	
Aug 17 2009 	Environmentally-conscious Fun Friendly Comfortable with touches of Luxury!	What a fantastic experience. A red-eye flight had left my man and I exhausted. We arrived a good 4 hours before check-in time, and were told to wait five little minutes for our room which would be ready in no time. This really scored points. The room was large-ish, clean as a whistle, and stylish. Aveda products were found in the modern shower. Nice. We sunk into the extremely comfortable bed, surrounded by a very soothing light. Quiet and calm in the center of bustling London! The location couldn't have been better. After a well-deserved nap, we explored the neighbourhood. We loved being in a less tourist-centric area, where gastropubs and stylish wine bars were filled with locals in-the-know. It was a perfect center for going just about anywhere in the city in minutes. Late night, this hotel was great for cocktails, room service (24h) and fantastic concierge services. The staff couldn't have been friendlier, more knowledgeable and professional. The mini-bar on each floor offered a selection of Champagne, Wine, and Cocktails. Every morning, a free copy of The Guardian graced our doorstep. Free wi-fi everywhere. This hotel also uses all kinds of natural energy sources, which makes it all the more appealing! An A+ experience. Highly recommended.	
Aug 10 2009 	wonderful zzzzzzzz	A lovely relaxed sunday night stay in an interesting area of the city. Professional friendly staff great rooms the most comfortable hotel bed and amazing walk in shower.I have to stay in london occasionally with work and i am going to INSIST on staying here Ohhhh and i love the online music library	
Aug 1 2009 	cosy and efficient	sometimes we have to visit London for overnight stay in this area and find this hotel quirky and fun + very efficiently run and thoroughly modern in its approach. The food and service is very very good and I would recommend the hotel. We like the decor and style - very modern but comfortable with all little comforts catered for!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great hotel	I had the pleasure of staying here twice while on business in Europe. The second time I checked in the manager left a note in my room welcoming me back. It's nice that they appreciate repeat business.The rooms are small, but it is London. The location isn't the best, but it was perfect as it was walking distance to my office.	
Jul 22 2009 	Amazing Staff Great Room Perfect Location	We stayed here as we couldn't get into Malmaison and we really wanted to be in the Clerkenwell area.When we arrived at midday we were able to check straight in. The staff were so professional, charming and helpful.We booked a compact / bijou / smaller room (sorry I can't remember the correct name for it!) however the room was so well designed and had a high ceiling with large windows that it really didn't feel small at all.The decor was stylish with coloured lighting, robes, great toiletires and little touches such as bottled water and books.There was a selection of things to buy in the room (snacks etc) and 24 hour room service which we used and the sandwiches were delicious. The in-room info was really interesting too, detailing information about the design and ethos of the hotel.The hotel is just over 5 minutes walk from Farringdon tube and is really easy to spot.I would defiinately stay here again and hopefully next time try their restaurant and bar. Overall a fab hotel :-)	
Jul 17 2009 	Absolutely spot on- would highly recommend	I have stayed at The Zetter on a number of occasions and can't fault it. The rooms are very comfortable and well equipped, the staff are friendly and very helpful, the decor is great and the showers.... sooo good!I would stay here everytime!! I didn't use the restaurant this time but have eaten there before... it is very good - totally unlike a hotel restaurant and there is a lovely area that you can sit outside in a pedestrianised square when it is nice.It is walking distance to the West End/ Soho/ Oxford St (not in heels though!) and about a four minute walk to Farringdon tube station - which is a link for both overground and underground trains.	
Jul 6 2009 	decent location nice rooms great service	Well firstly, if you're an American visitor, you might just find the rooms a tad a on the small side - this is prime City London real estate, and understandably the design squeezes out every square inch of space; the quid pro quo is that whilst it's not cheap, generally it's reasonable value for a central London hotel. I've certainly suffered a lot worse for more.Check in was friendly and efficient - I was offered a choice of rooms and elected for one towards the back of the hotel away from Clerkenwell Rd which given the location is always going to be a tad noisy.The room decor is simple but modern; there are nice touches like the marble sink and walk in shower you tend to get top end 5* hotels; outside our room was a real expresso machine, and best of all, fresh milk in a flask.I didn't use the restaurant or bar - frankly there are just too many choices 5 minutes from the front door! but again the decor was modern, stylish and clean.My only problem was that I found the air conditioning was not working on what I imagine was London's hottest night for several years, and it was pretty unbearable in the room overnight. However, it was sorted out quickly and I was graciously offered a discount on the room. Things do go wrong with customer service - that's a fact of life - and the mark of a good experience is one where you are content with the outcome. The Zetter came up trumps on this score.Overall a good place, and given the quality of some places in the city, I don't think you could go too far wrong.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent Service and Style	I have stayed at The Zetter twice in the last month on business. I had been staying regularly at Malmaison but I had had enough of the poor service and the annoying 'Mal speak' of all of their generic menus etc. The Zetter was a breath of fresh air with friendly, attentive staff and an individual style and personality. The rooms and restaurant are bright and airy (which was a pleasant change from the dark gloom of Malmaison) and the breakfast is excellent. I have now insisted that The Zetter be added to our company list of recommended hotels and will certainly be returning frequently in the future.	
Jun 23 2009 	The best hotel for me	I went to London to spend my husband's 35th Birtdhay... it was my present to him and just what I was looking for!The food is great, the service very laid down and friendly and the area is really chic and bohemian, and is not in the middle of the normal turist crowd, thanks for that!The rooms are small but cozy and clean and very nicely decorated... they have tons of movies, music and books and we stayed in a suite with a balcony! which was GREAT value for money and proved to be a VERY romantic night!I will go back any time!	
Jun 22 2009 	The Chic Hotel in Clerkenwell	We chose The Zetter for a wedding reception last year and am glad we did, as everything went perfectly which truly made it a memorable day. The staff are very friendly and accomodating, the rooms stylish and elegant, a wonderful Mediterannean restaurant and at very affordable prices.Located in the heart of Clerkenwell, it is conveniently located for sight-seeing, shopping, many restauarnts and bars which has lots to offer for everyone.I would certainly recommend The Zetter and we are looking forward to the First Wedding Anniversary as we are booked in there again.	
Jun 22 2009 	Hip 'n' happening hotel in East London. I can't literally can't fault it...	My fiance and I decided to treat ourselves with a night in a London hotel and choose the Zetter. The Zetter breaks with the usual formula for boutique hotels and I loved the colour schemes, funky touches (like the vending machines which dispense champagne) and general ambience of this hotel. The breakfast was well above par - I had the bagel with bacon and avocado which was yum – and the service was friendly and faultless. Yes, it's not in the very heart of central London, but it makes up for that very slight inconvenience if you can call it that by being in the very heart of the cool Clerkenwell area. I can't wait to go back. And the fact that they have such green credentials just is the icing on an already delicious cake!!	
Jun 17 2009 	Nice hotel - a little inconvenient	This hotel bucks the boutique hotel standard of chocolate brown and dark rooms in favor of very light and airy decorating. It doesn't all work right, but is a very refreshing change. The rooms are spacious and quiet. I particularly appreciated the interior shutters and double windows. My room was virtually silent.The breakfast at the hotel is substantial - and - unlike most UK hotels - reasonably priced. I didn't feel like I was being gouged.While the hotel is supposedly situated in a trendy area, you could have fooled me. After days of exploring, I really didn't find anything out of the ordinary. My one complaint is that the hotel isn't particularly well located. Getting anywhere typically involved at least one tube transfer. It got a bit tiresome trekking back to the hotel with packages and for a nap.	
May 29 2009 	Cool hip and restful	The Zetter is a gem of a small hotel juts dont let the fact that MP Hazel Blears stayed here put you off! I stay here roughly every other month and the staff are welcoming and helpful.The bar and restaurant offer decent meals and reasonably priced drinks for the weary without fuss or an over complicated menu like others!Rooms are on the small size or rather compact but fully functional with decent size beds, the bathrooms are great with powerful showers. My only grumble is the fact that there is no mini bar in the room - you have to put up with a Japanese style vending machine on each floor near the lift shaft, quirky and sometimes annoying late at night!	
May 27 2009 	I can't imagine staying anywhere else in London	We stayed at the Zetter in August 2008 (apologies for the late review).I have nothing but praise for the hotel and its staff, and would stay here again any time I am in London.We got a rooftop suite with a balcony for about the same price as ordinary rooms at luxury hotels which we looked at closer to the centre of London.The room was quite large, with a huge bathroom (with nice toiletries and a rain shower). The bed was insanely comfortable, with great sheets and big pillows. The design of the room was smart and very stylish, but not too minimalist, with a big wardrobe, a desk/workspace, a luggage storage area, and different lighting schemes, all of which could be controlled from near the door or beside the bed. The balcony was small but pleasant, and the room had full length windows with a view over the city in the distance from the Gherkin around to the London Eye. It is the extra touches that made the Zetter a very special experience - free internet, free bottled water (still and sparking), a good selection of CDs on the inhouse entertainment system, free newspapers delivered every morning with a daily note from the hotel with weather and tourist suggestions, mist free mirror in the bathroom, and an interesting and quirky selection of books in the room. The staff were friendly, discreet, helpful and eager to please. Both check in and check out were a breeze. The room was spotless, and the cleaning staff went the extra mile when cleaning the room - arranging toiletries, folding clothes which had been left out, putting books and personal items on the bedside table. The food in the restaurant (for both dinner and breakfast) was really wonderful (particularly the Garlic roasted prawns with chorizo, sweet potato &amp; glazed pork belly, and the selection or pastries and jam in the morning). The cocktail list is imaginative, and the wine list is brilliant. The restaurant also delivers almost its entire menu as room service. The hotel is an easy bus ride to (for example) the British Museum, and a very short walk to Farringdon Tube Station. Overall, this was a wonderfully romantic place to stay, and one of the nicest hotel experiences I have ever had.	
May 21 2009 	Stylish hotel	Excellent staff and a stylish hotel. Would definitely stay again. Restaurant is very good too. The hotel was faultless from our arrival to departure. The room and bathroom was spacious and very well designed. We had a handwritten note from the manager welcoming us back on our return visit. The staff care and want to create a good impression.	
Mar 25 2009 	A home from home	I always love staying at the Zetter! There's free wi fi, loads of CDs to listed to on the TV based entertainment system, you've got Smithfield Market nearby and some good restaurants (although some not open at the weekends so it can be a bit quiet). The 55 bus takes you to Oxford Street and drops you off right by the door on the way back. Make sure you get a room looking onto St.John's Square. Good hotel for breakfast - lots of newspapers and great jams.	
Feb 18 2009 	Modern and central.	Got a reasonable rate i view of low good exchange rate. Stayed in second cheapest room and this was really quite nice. Can confirm shag carpet which may hide many sins. Nice bathroom with rain shower. Could have nicer toiletries. Restaurant nice looking but service somewhat chaotic. Breakfast too expensive. Recommend lunch at modern pantry across the square.	
Feb 16 2009 	An excellent laid back boutique hotel	The Zetter is an excellent hotel with a superb restaurant.My wife and I stayed in a deluxe corner room with a king size bed and it was a good size with quirky Zetter decoration that made it stand out from the run of the mill rooms available in London. Our room was quiet despite it being on the 1st floor and the shuttered windows and balcony, that you can actually open, made it light and airy.The bathroom was great, if a little small and had a wonderful shower .The hotel bar is nice and relaxing and a great place to enjoy a cocktail.The restaurant is superb and offers really high quality italian food as a reasonable.Finally, the staff in the hotel and restaurant are really friendly and made our stay very pleasant	
Feb 16 2009	Noisy but fabulous!	We stayed in one of the rooftop studio suites, which had its own terrace and was worth every penny, in my view. Still, we did suffer from some noise from the street below. But that was the only down side. Lovely bed, lovely touches in the room, great staff, great cocktails (is it any wonder that the Make Me Happy cocktail is a bestseller?). Lots of things you'd actually want in the minibar. We watched a film and hung out and it was fab. So there's no pool and the rooms are smallish. But the location is spot on (have lunch at the Modern Pantry across the road and dinner at a great Viatnamese place called Pho around the corner if you've already eaten in the restaurant) and everyone is really nice to you.	
Jan 21 2009 	Zetter could be better	I picked The Zetter for convenience and because it is supposed to be one of the hip places to stay in London. I loved the modern styling of the bathroom but my room had shag carpet which creeped me out a bit. I would prefer a floor treatment that is simpler. The industrial style shutters made me feel like I was in a cell instead of a 4 star hotel but it did do the job keeping out the sound and darkening the windows. The restaurant food was nice but expensive.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great little gem of a hotel	Stayed at the Zetter in a deluxe room for one night in December on the way back from Bruges. It is a lovely boutique hotel and reasonably priced compared to other London hotels. I would not rate this hotel as a 5 star establishment but if you need a hotel in easy vicinity to Kings Cross or Liverpool street stations then this could be the hotel for you. The rooms are very modern and all have the facilities, ours was very small but fine for one nights stay. There is free tea and coffee available next to the vending machines on each floor and the hotel bar has a nice ambience and good cocktail list. The cooked breakfast is nice but extremely overpriced as is the continental which is nowhere near as good as a genuine continental you would get abroad (a small table with various cereals and yoghurts on). Overall a great little hotel with friendly staff.	
Jan 19 2009 	More expensive and not as good as the Hoxton	Stayed Saturday night after staying Friday night at the Hoxton (which was full on Saturday).Arrived about 7.30pm - easy unrestricted parking directly opposite in St John Square. Simple check in.Room facing Clerkenwell road, bit of city noise but we're used to it - even like it!Room pretty small, but rather nice bathroom. Microscopic wardrobe space. Nice bathrobes provided. Lighting nice &amp; very configurable after you find all the switches. Rather small lcd tv. Free internet access, wired (cable too short - bring your own!) or wireless (signal rather poor). Several other providers with good signals.Rip-off prices for anything from the snacks tray in the room, £2 for a small packet of Burts crisps. No kettle in room, but free tea &amp; coffee making facilities by the lift - but shoehorned into too small a space.Bed very comfortable with down quilt and pillows, current issue of Time-Out, Wallpaper and Blueprint in the room, along with some secondhand books - nice touch.As an ex-Londoner I know what to expect of Clerkenwell and it's a charming &quot;villagey&quot; area - especially at weekends - an easy wander-about peacfulness and very close to some very historic areas (wander down St Johns Lane - under the stone archway in the square opposite the hotel, and down towards Smithfield). Yes - the location is a quite a big plus.Check-out equally easy. But - I paid £85 with hotels.com, and then found out at checkout that with vat the actual bill was £100. Bill hikes at check-out don't amuse me, and along with the rip-off pricing of the snacks (and phone, £1/minute for national calls - though I didn't use this, it rather underlines the &quot;opportunistic&quot; pricing) - I'd prefer to see the hotel to be &quot;straight&quot; with the customer - charge what they need to charge to run their business profitably with a clear up-front charge and not try these sorts of tactics.On the whole, I felt that as the Hoxton offered better value, transparent pricing and &quot;extras&quot; at shop prices - the Zetter had let itself down by comparison. It's a very nice hotel though.The smaller room size is an acceptable compromise for a cool location *if* all other things were equal. The Zetter could fix all this up with a &quot;new deal with customers&quot; - someting we're all looking for in the credit crunch!	
Jan 15 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for	We stayed at the Zetter as a stop off on our honeymoon on the way to Marrakech, and arrived in London before the earliest check in time, but the staff helpfully checked us in anyway. We were shown up to our fabulous corner room, which was stylishly decorated and extremely comfortable, with quirky furnishings and huge sash windows. Everything worked perfectly, was spotlessly clean and the entertainment system was easy to use.We had planned to go out for lunch, but liked the look of the Zetter's restaurant so much that instead we decided to stay there to eat. The staff in the restaurant were lots of fun, making us feel very welcome, supplying first class pizza and puddings and then plying us with enough alcohol to make our short walk to Farringdon tube a truly hilarious experience. After a sobering afternoon's shopping (spending most of our honeymoon budget on the King's Road), we arrived back at the hotel to get ready to go out for dinner, and this was possibly the best part of our stay. We took full advantage of the small but extremely relaxing shower room, entertainment system and ambient lighting.We dined at Konstam (quintessentially quirky and fabulous, the best chicken and duck's liver we've ever eaten) and walked back to the Zetter, contemplating going out for the evening, but the bed was too comfortable and we decided on an early night ;o)The next day we had a leisurely start, a fantastic breakfast then checked out and were able to leave our bags at the hotel whilst we went for a wander down to St. Paul's before embarking on the epic tube ride to Heathrow.We will definitely be back, we plan to spend a weekend there for our anniversary and make the most of it, and if we could we'd move in.	
Jan 2 2009	Not bad but not great either	Oh dear - I booked this through Tablet and whilst it looks good on the site it isn't as good in the flesh. The lobby and and atrium are impressive but our room was a bit dreary. It has really annoying shutters opening onto Clerkenwell Road that don't close properly, the decor was not that cool, a bit sludgy, the bed was way too small and it was £230 a night.The Modern Pantry and Cicada around the corner are very good for beakfast and dinner resepctively.	
Dec 15 2008 	Absolutely great	We chose the Zetter as the cheapest hotel nearest The Barbican, at only £99 for the room. We also payed £20 for the parking space which saved us from finding an NCP nearby. We had little expectation, due to the fact it was so cheap (compared to other hotels in the area) Well from the moment we got in the hotel we were surprised, the staff could not do enough for us, our room was clean, neat, stylish and had everything we needed to relax including a hot water bottle. Some people may find the rooms too modern, The vending machine mini bar system was expensive but no more than any other hotel I have stayed in. We decided to pay the additional £50 per head for the dinner and breakfast option. In the resturant the service was just as attentive, and the food was amazing and presented wonderfully, breakfast was just as great too so turned out to be a great additional option (we were not charged for any soft drink we had for either meal) . £100 per person may sound expensive for dinner bed and breakfast but we thought for the food we ate, and the superb service we received throughout our stay, it was well worth every penny and would go back	
Nov 14 2008 	Eye for detail	The Zetter; Restaurant and Rooms.The first thing you notice is the wonderfull staff, they really went out of their way to help out with London hints and tips. The room was fresh and the terrace was a treat. After you figured out how to turn down the heat the room is really confortable. Fresh linnen, a paper on you doorstep. Coffee (espresso) machine in the room. The restaurant serves quality food for a reasonable price.All and all a great stay.Jan	
Nov 7 2008 	A must for anyone staying in the Clerkenwell area	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Zetter over the August Bank Holiday weekend earlier this year and we absolutely loved it!We were only there for two nights and we only wished we could stay longer. When we arrived the staff were helpful and went out of their way to help us whether it was in the form of giving us directions or information on the area. We were impressed when someone escorted us up to our room and explained to us about all the amenities and facilities. Very few hotels take the time with each guest. We stayed in the deluxe corner room which was a little smaller than expected but perfectly formed. Everything was provided for in the room with the added bonus of the tea/coffee facilities and vending machines on each floor. A novel and brilliant idea! The rainfall shower was a wonderful feature and all the modern décor and touches throughout the hotel made it feel special and different to the standard hotel rooms nowadays.Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner is a must in the restaurant and the location is ideal for other great restaurants, bars and clubs walking distance from the hotel. I can’t say nicer things about the hotel. It’s a definite must for anyone staying in the Clerkenwell area!	
Oct 5 2008 	Pretty special	Pros:Very cleanStaff brilliant (especially Miguel)Good locationGreat designComfy bedGreat mini barGreat communal spaces especially the barCons:Very expensive. From £1.30 for a small bag of maltesters from the vending machine, to a charge to bring room service food to the room, to a charge for the toothbrush and toothpaste pack it all added up to a collossal bill. Maybe its standard London prices to pay £500 for 2 nights in the second most basic room exclusive of food, i dont know, but i got a bit of a fright. if thats not an issue for you though its pretty superb	
Sep 29 2008 	Stylish and comfortable	We stayed for Saturday night, booked on the Friday and paid £135 for a 'superior' room booked direct on the hotel's website - the 'seasonal rate' which includes vat - so not sure why the previous reviewer coughed up so much! Room was lovely and spacious, overlooking St John's Square. 2 comfy armchairs, lovely comfy bed, great waterfall shower. It's about a 5 minute walk from Farrindgon tube so very easy to get into the city centre. Breakfast was very pricey - £16 for the full English but that included a massive buffet with some lovely fruit, much nicer bread and jam than you usually get from hotel buffets, and endless coffee. We'd definitely go back, and would recommend checking the hotel website for their own best prices.	
Sep 21 2008 	Overpriced for an Ikea room	Simply put, I felt the c.£190 we paid for an overnight stay on a Saturday night (exclusive of breakfast) offered poor value for money vis-a-vis other nearby hotels I have stayed in. Standard grumbles: bed too small, too noisy, temperatures turned up to 'roasting' etc. Most of these points I could have forgiven at a lower price point. In the spirit of objectivity, the staff were friendly and the bottled tap water by my bed was provided gratis.	
Aug 27 2008	What a great place	One of the best if not the best hotel i have stayed in. Very friendly staff, beautifully finnished with really nice touches through out. My only negative comment would be the rooms are perhaps a touch small for some people, ours was a standard room so larger ones are availiable . Would stay there again without a doubt.Great restaurants nearby too on Exmouth market!	
Aug 9 2008 	Good Hotel	I stayed here for one night.Reception: Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room: It was spotless, comfortable and I had plenty of space. Bathroom: Spotless also. A nice touch was the shaving and dental packs left for those of us who forget both on occasion. They cost 2 pounds each but from a convenience perspective, they are potentially well worth it. Location: It is quite near the Farrington tube stop and from that point of view is &quot;Centrally located&quot;. Overall it is a nice boutique hotel. If you want to avoid the chains, and stay in a unique environment in central London. then I would definitely recommend it.	
Jul 28 2008 	Cramped out of it but well designed	My husband and I stayed here in September 07 for 2 night as we were in London to watch Prince. First of all - getting to this hotel by public transport made us feel a little uneasy. It was a 5 minute walk from Farringdon tube station and because it was the weekend this part of London was deserted and we felt vunerable walking to and from the hotel - especially at night when we were going out for the evening (we assumed it may be different when people are at work during the week). This was compounded by the fact that there were several shady looking characters hanging around the tube station and surrounding streets.The hotel itself is very nice. It has a fantastic chic boutique design with loads of retro features, and the balcony which the rooms are situated off is a great sight. However, the room itself was really small. No room at all to hang clothes - maybe one or two items, nowhere to put hair brush, makeup, shoes. It was literally the bed and maybe one or two feet either side of that and a bathroom. Also, although this hotel is newish, it is starting to look worn due to the carpet choices they have made and the flooring in the bathroom.One evening we ate at the hotel restaurant, which was lovely food. We had a fantastic meal. It had a really cool young vibe and we had breakfast there too which was also really nice.All in all, if you need to stay in this part of London and dont mind a small room, then go for it - it is clean, stylish and serves great food.	
Jul 21 2008 	Perfect friendly hotel	We stayed here on a short 3 day break in London. We stayed in a St John's Room and it was a good size, plenty of room, even with a cot for our 10 month old daughter. Staff were all very friendly and very accommodating, they even stored our daughter's meals in their fridge and heated them up for us at the start of each day. We had booked the room on a weekend deal including breakfast and the breakfast was well worth it, all cooked to perfection. We have stayed in a number of small boutique hotels inn London and although a little less central this was by far the best all round hotel.	
Jun 29 2008	Sleepless in Room 118	Stayed two nights in this funky Clerkenwell Hotel. Two gripes. The first night was fairly sleepless due a low rumbling noise coming from the ceiling which was too noisy for sleep, yet too quiet to force you to get up from your bed and set the complaining engine in motion.Next morning we were moved to a room with a silent ceiling, but there was now offer of compensation, not even a free glass of water!Second gripe is that the beds are small as mentioned by other reviewers.Apart from that, the stay was great!Hey! Zetter! Get that noisy ceiling fixed!	
Jun 18 2008 	Great for Clerkenwell business stays	This is a good choice if you're in Clerkenwell on business. It's a small/boutique hotel, very centrally located, decent breakfast and good evening drink spot. We stayed here a handful of times on frequent trips to London and the staff is courteous, helpful and friendly. The rooms are SMALL, even by London standards. Not much room to hang your clothes - so if you're a man traveling with a hanging bag or more than 1 or 2 suits, beware. Comfortable beds, clean rooms, decent bathrooms - all just a bit past their peak as far as the mod trends. But overall, good choice.	
Jun 16 2008 	Phenomenal service	Just a delighful hotel. I stayed in both a single and a rooftop studio. The single is small - but fine for one person. All rooms are nicely done with cute, kitschy detail. May also be the first hotel ever that doesn't nickle-and-dime guests (lovely details - like a complementary espresso machine just outside the room and complementary bottles of water in the room). Rooms may be between 3 and 4 star - but service is definitely 5-star in every respect. Only disappointment was that I booked last minute on a very busy week, so they couldn't accomodate my whole stay - I moved to the 5-star Sofitel St. James, where the rooms were elegant and the service was horrible by contrast to this little gem. And, though London restaurants are rarely much to write home about - the Zetter's is among the best I've tried in that city. The Zetter is my new favorite place in London - I'll stay there every time I return.	
Jun 13 2008 	excellent trendy	trendy, but not with the excess of some edgy hotels.excellent room and definitely one of the best restaurants in town.	
May 21 2008 	Pleasant 	Booked a rooftop studio as a surprise birthday present for my boyfriend. When we arrived they told us they upgraded us to a deluxe rooftop room, which was lovely! Really funky room, with everything you needed, plus an excellent minibar selection. Lovely views across London &amp; really comfy bed. Cocktails were delicious in the bar and the food in the restaurant was the best meal I have had this year! I would go back just for the restaurant.	
May 15 2008 	Perfect place for younger/ more style-conscious travelers	Stayed in one of the top-floor studios (506) and could not have been happier. The Zetter's nailed all the basics--good bed and bath, kind and helpful staff, nice room amenities--but it's the little details that really pleased me, e.g. the iPod speakers, the quirky design elements, The Idler and campy 60s paperbacks on the nightstand. The little strip of a balcony was a pleasure in the evening with a bottle of wine and a friend. The location could not be better...well, depending on what you're in the Old Smoke for. All the nightlife, galleries, restaurants and shops in Clerkenwell and Shoreditch are in walking distance, which for me is perfect. However, if you're after a central London location and want to be near the main tourist destinations--or if you want the services available only at larger hotels--you'd probably be better off staying somewhere else.	
May 12 2008 	A great hotel	We recently stayed in a roof top studio at the Zetter and had a great stay. really friendly and responsive staff throughout our stay. in particular we appreciated the hotel staff going out of their way to have our room made available several hours before check in as we'd just flown in from australia. the room is not large but its been made very comfortable with a great bed and lots of other small touches. really liked the free music library accessed through the TV and the free in room wi fi. the studios come with tea and coffee making facilities in the room but the free espresso machines on each floor are a great touch too. the real winner is the roof top patio with views out over the london skyline and a great place to sit and have breakfast or read. it was sunny during our stay so we really appreciated having our own little piece of outside in london. the restaurant is excellent both for breakfast and dinner. try and get a package with breakfast included as the al la carte breakfast menu is fantastic. we also chose to have dinner there several times as it was so good. location wise, clerkenwell has a lot of character of its own and has some interesting local history and some large markets nearby but it is a bit out of the way if you're looking for the bright lights of areas like soho. having said that, the tube stop is just down the road so very easy to get around and the few times we did get a taxi it was always less than ten pounds a trip. a very friendly and well run hotel.	
Apr 26 2008 	Stylish hotel great value for London	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Zetter for 3 nights. Rooms were very stylish and clean... Really tiny but we weren't in the room much more than for sleeping anyways. Staff was helpful and accommodating. When we checked in, they treated us to a round of drinks while we waited for our room to finish getting made up. The TV in our room was broken and the staff went out of their way to get us another one. It wasn't a big deal but they wanted us to be happy. The hotel is a little out of the way from the hustle &amp; bustle of the city; but just a few blocks from the Ferringdon tube stop so it was easy to get anywhere we needed to go. Would stay here again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Truly fabulous!	For a very special birthday weekend, decided to stay in the city we live in, but enjoy a bit of luxury. I booked a top floor suite with a balcony (and a rate that included breakfast) directly from the hotel. It certainly did not disappoint!Firstly the service from the hotel was exceptional - right from the time I booked on the phone (when they invited me to come and view which suite I would like), to the moment we checked out. I stay in hotels a lot, but was refreshingly surprised by the warm, professional and efficient manner of the staff. My ONLY disappointment was in the restaurant, where things were too slow.The room was gorgeous, but won't be to the liking of traditionalists. The bed was really comfortable and the attention to detail was fab (umbrella for rainy London, decent hairdryer, nice magazines and books, low level lighting option, decent range of drinks and snacks, an ipod dock that actually has good speaker, solar powered light for balcony, FREE bottled water from the well and lovely robes and slippers - the last of which I was happy to pay the £4 for, but they said I were complimentary!). They certainly have made good use of the weird space on the top floor, so even for girls who pack too much, there is lots of storage. (also there is a lovely hairdresser round the corner and I got 10% off by mentioning I was staying in the hotel!)We only had breakfast in the hotel, but its a good place to walk from and also near to tube lines for getting around for a good weekend.I'll definitely go again.	
Mar 9 2008 	Nice hotel food a little pricey	I stayed in the corner double deluxe room in Oct 07. The room and hotel were very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. The food I ordered from room service although nice was expensive (£19 lamb curry and £16:50 for the breakfast) An excellent hotel in a fashionable part of town close to all attractions. Would deffinitely stay again.	
Feb 6 2008	Excellent staff and service	First and foremost-- excellent service. In fact, I've not stayed at a hotel with such attentive staff in a while. The room was nice- clean and stylish. Could have used a closet. Overall, the service made up for any issues with the room. Also, the food was excellent. In fact, I would have preferred only eating at the hotel. Highly recommend and great location.	
Jan 10 2008 	Stylish comfortable and friendly hotel with loads of nice touches	We spent 6 nights in a rooftop studio superior. The room (#507) was very comfortable and stylish and of a reasonable size.The room was furnished with a queen sized bed, a decent cupboard (with safe), desk and chair, 2 arm chairs and a coffee table and a media centre.The bathroom was also reasonable in size with a great strong shower (in bath). The bathroom products were lovely, as were the soft fluffy white towels.The heating in the room was great.Coffee and tea making facilities and a nice mini bar (with reasonable prices!) was in the room. The lower floors each have a vending machines for coffee and food and we made use of those too.Our room had a small terrace which had views north (could see telecom tower and a predominantly inner city view looking towards Exmouth market). The terrace was furnished with a table and chairs. Unfortunately it was too wet during our stay to really make good use of this outdoor area.The room had a lot of nice touches:- free clerkenwell water (from the well below the hotel)- free wi-fi (in the room)- daily newspaper with a tourist info sheet attached listing suggestions for that day (eg which markets are on, if there are any special events etc)- local area information detailing eating and shopping options- London Timeout (and other magazines) provided in room- ipod docking station- a groovy tivoli alarm clock radioThe only minor complaint we have is that our room was just outside the lift and we did experience a bit of noise which disturbed us a few times, particularly in the middle of the night.We used the cool hotel bar a few times (great spot to meet friends) and ate in the restaurant too (the breakfast is excellent).We found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly.The hotel location was good too. There are some interesting walks in the immediate area. It was about a 15 min walk to St. Paul's cathedral and less than 5 minutes to the closest tube. An oxford st bus route stops just outside the hotel. There were lots of nice places to eat in the immediate area, including pubs , cafes and fancier restaurants and there are a couple of street markets very close too.	
Nov 21 2007 	good value in London	Room was clean and well designed, hotel staff were very friendly, breakfast was great, and the location near perfect.	
Nov 6 2007 	zetter	We stayed at the Zetter for one week; it proved to be a cute charming little hotel in an excellent location for those wanting something away from the touristy. Our room was ok… comfortable, the room seemed to be striving for a chic demure but falling short of its goal. The biggest draw back with the room is the almost non-existent place to store or hang clothes… if you will be there for more than a minute there is absolutely no closet or drawer space pass hanging two suits or one suit and an overcoat. While we found the hotel cozy we felt it not worthy of the $500.00 a night price tag we paid for our room (when we left the hotel we spent the next three weeks at the Hotel Suez ($150.00 a night) in Paris, and the room was easily comparable to the rooms at the Zetter and next week I will be staying at the Sagamore in Lake George, New York $400.00 a night room and well worth the price.) Anyhoo, forgive me I digress; but I thought it best to put the room in perspective… the area surrounding the Zetter provides a pleasant and enjoyable neighborhood to walk around, and public and private transportation are readily available. There are quite a number of very nice restaurants in the area, delightfully enjoyable at very reasonable prices. (Benugo - breakfast place, Raj - Tandoori, La Cucina – Italian, Langeleto (not in the neighborhood near Oxford Circus)… and the food at the Hotel Zetter is very nice.	
Oct 31 2007 	Will be back soon !!	Stayed the Zetter Saturday and Sunday in room 111 (a superior rear of the hotel) as we had asked for a quiet room and it was perfect. The staff were fantastic and made you feel at home at all times. Ate in the restaurant both nights and the food was spot on and the wine was fairly priced by London standards and although there was much less of a buzz about the place on the Sunday it was lovely to come back after watching a dismal American football match at Wembley.Tubes and bars very close by and its only 20 mins walk to St Pauls so it is not as far out as you may think. The breakfast was really good especially the freshly cooked English which is included in the weekend rate.We will definitely use the hotel when next in London as its a total change from the standard chain variety.	
Oct 15 2007 	Small room enough for one person cramped for two	Stayed a Saturday night as we attended a wedding reception nearby. Check in was friendly, although the staff did not seem to know about the confusing parking signs in St Johns Sq behind the hotel. Did not risk it and parked in the NCP up the road. I had booked a standard &quot;Guest&quot; room via the hotel website and was told at check in that I would be given a &quot;nice&quot; room. Now I quite like a funky hotel, but it has to be comfortable too. I found the 2nd floor room facing the Clerkenwell Road to be small, stuffy and not quite up to the standard I expected. The window shutter system does not do enough to shut out the noise, especially from the bar across the road at chucking out time. The bed was comfy enough but a small double. Persons Of Restricted Growth may feel that it is a kingsize and it would be fine for single occupancy, but I found it on the cramped side. The shower was by far the best bit, a good drenching overhead rose provided loads of water. The small oblong basin seems to only be good for bathing a baby iguana and occasional tooth brushing. There is no coffee/tea making facilities in the room but a free coffee machine on the 1st and 4th floors. I have to say that I did find it a pain getting dressed to go and get an OK-ish mug of coffee. Word of warning here - wear shoes when using the stairs. They are nicely carpeted, but edged in steel so tend to cut into the soles of your bare feet when nipping out. We did not have time for brekkie, probably would not have tried it anyway as the price of £16.50 for the Full English seems a bit steep. All in all, I thought that we would have been better off up the road in the Holiday Inn, a bigger room, a bigger bed, and tea/coffee in the room all for two thirds of the price that I paid here.	
Oct 9 2007 	Nothing could be better than the Zetter!	Loved the Zetter. Stayed here for several nights in May 2007. Unique hotel with excellent attention to detail. Enjoyed the views from a rooftop studio. If you're looking for hip, fun accommodations, the Zetter is for you!	
Sep 22 2007 	Very carefully designed and run hotel	The cost of the room was in excess of £250, but as it was a last minute booking and everything cheaper in London seemed to be full, my employer picked up the bill for a night in one of the Studios at the Zetter. Check in was very efficient and the room itself was fantastic, with lots of nice touches, which suggested that someone had spent a great deal of time thinking about making guests' stays as comfortable as possible. The best &quot;extra&quot; was that fresh milk was brought to the room during the evening and put in the mini bar, so that I could have a decent cup of tea the next morning - why don't more hotels do this instead of providing cartons of UHT? There was an excellent radio next to the bed and a rather complicated television, which apparently also doubled up as a computer, with free internet access. On the small rooftop terrace there were two chairs and a table from which there was a decent view over the rooftops. Breakfast the next morning was good - an enormous cooked breakfast, as well as a comprehensive buffet. All of the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful. If a cheaper hotel had been available I would have used it - indeed the Zetter has cheaper rooms, but overall I felt that the experience justified the price.	
Sep 11 2007	The best Hotel in London by far!	I discovered the Zetter through work and have stayed a few times whilst on business. However, the hotel truly comes into its own when staying for pleasure! My wife and I travelled to London with our six week old daughter to be greeted in the usual relaxed yet professional way. Check in was friendly and timely. Our room was ready for us along with a travel cot made up to the standard of a guest bed with its own towel set for our Daughter...Magic!!! The Zetter's usual style and atmosphere was present and correct along with it's quirky sense of humour. Every member of the team who met us were freindly, professional and supportive to our needs as a young family. We did not feel out of place with our baby daughter. If you go try a &quot;make me happy&quot; cocktail and don't forget Eggs Benedict for brunch helped along with a superb Bloody Mary. My thanks again to the team for a truly memorable stay!	
Aug 31 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	My Husband and I stayed at the Zetter for two nights on a weekend in Aug. It was the best hotel we've stayed at in London. Check in was quick, friendly and efficient. We were up graded TWICE to a corner delux roof top suit. It was amazing! When we asked why? The staff said just because they were not busy over the weekend. The area of Clerkenwell was relaxing, safe and had some fabulous pubs and places to eat. We felt 'at home' straight away, which normally does'nt happen for us in London.We had our first lunch on our terrace, the second at the Slaughtered Lamb. Both were great. We went to see Prince on the Sat night and staff gave us great advice re tubes etc. We ate at Fifteen on the Sunday night and again staff were very helpful re taxi's. Breakfast had great choice and a lovely room to eat it in. Over all, as soon as we can afford to go back we will.Jane and Paul Casement, Manchester	
Aug 28 2007 	Ideal Location for Hotel	The Zetter is ideally situated for all areas of London. 5-8 mins walk from Farringdon Tube Station, the bus stop for the No 55 Bus to the West End is just across the road.Small but functional reception area, with welcoming and efficient staff. I arrived about 1.30 ( Check-in from 2pm ) and our room was ready. We were upgraded to one of the best rooms, on the corner of the top floor. I was taken up to the room and shown where everything was and how things worked.A great room with a fantastic roof terrace, 2 sunloungers, ( shame it was not warm enough really to sit out, although I did eventually notice there was an infra lamp, that actually gave out a reasonable amount of heat.The bed was huge and very comfortable to sleep on. Great coffee machine in the room, with fresh milk delivered to the room. The room was a reasonable size as well. and very quiet, view over the back of the hotel. Bathroom small but adequate, shower was wonderful, although if you don't want to get your hair wet, best to wear a shower cap!The only bad points about the room were that the tall lamp, which I think was made of pottery had been knocked over at some point before we checked in and was broken in 2 places. It should really have either be repaired or replaced. There was also a rug on the floor that had a couple of dirty marks on it.Breakfast was excellent although a little pricey £14-15 a head.All in all a great hotel. We would definately stay at The Zetter in the future.Restaurant recommendation: Smiths of Smithfield 5-10 walk, near Farringdon Tube	
Aug 7 2007 	Good and Bad	I booked this hotel through the Mr and Mrs Smith online booking system as a surprise for my husband's birthday-weekend. And, like many of the other reviewers here, found the location fantastic and the staff very amenable and friendly. Overall the aesthetic and decor is modern and whimsical. We stayed in room 111 (I booked a superior room but not sure what the difference is) that was disappointedly a bit tired. It really needed a makeover, even if just to touch up all the scuffs in the paint. It was a marvel of little space saving ideas, like the tiny little bookshelf, the inset lights, the pocket door on the bathroom. And, it was very quiet – we were never disturbed by noise from outside or other guests. Overall, the room was very small, the wardrobe held about 2 items. If you unfolded and used the suitcase stand, you couldn't walk the path through the room, you would have to climb over it or the bed. The rain head shower was fantastic - loved it. We enjoyed the free digital music that was provided but found it impossible to use the DVD player (the DVD we brought with us didn't work, nor did the one that had been left in the room). The free wireless worked very well. The coffee/tea facilities are free but not in the room. They don't give you an ice bucket for your room, just little plastic bowls that hold about a half-cup of crushed ice. So, you see it is a fun hotel, but at more than £180 per night, you want your room to feel fresh and clean and be able to either hang up your clothes or if not the at least be able to access your suitcase easily. We only have weekends in London 4 or 5 timess a year but would probably try another new one next time.	
Jul 30 2007 	Wonderful Rooms	We stayed at The Zetter for one night, It was perfectly located for us, one stop from Kings Cross. The room was fabulous! Very retro but very comfortable and to a high standard. We were very impressed with the free coffee and tea making machines on the landing and being able to look down inside the middle of the hotel was very unusual. The staff were friendly and the bar was good for relaxing in after a day in London. We didn't use the Restaurant but the menu looked good.	
Jul 29 2007	Outstanding stay	Excellent staying in Zetter Hotel!All the services with high quality and people were very sympathetic!	
Jul 27 2007 	Funky place	If you want to stay somewhere a bit different, and not in the usual tourist areas, then the Zetter could be the place for you. Its fairly pricey (£200 B&amp;B + bottle of Prosecco sparkling Italian wine (actually pretty nice)) but was good value.It is a five storey place that has been given a funky, modern look. The rooms are fairly small, but are nicely done, and are a bit different from your average, chain hotel. The free access CD library (via the telly) is a good touch. The wireless broadband access (again via the telly) is ok, but you have to pay £10 for 24 hrs as a minimum. The bathrooms are really nicely finished, and the rainfall showers are fantastic.The public areas of the hotel are not massive, but then it is not a massive hotel. But they too are funky, including the 5 storey atrium, lit in neon red at night.We didn't eat in the restaurant - we intended too, and had high hopes, but the menu disappointed. On our visit, there were only about 5 mains to choose from, and 2 of those were pizza. However, we did have a couple of post-dinner cocktails on our return, and can throroughly recommend a Smithfield Pony (£7.50). The breakfast (not included in every package, but was in ours) was really nice. A la carte hot breakfast, plus a good selection of breads, pastries, fruits and cereals, all of them good quality. Service was pretty painfully slow it has to be said. We had to flag down a waiter for a menu after waiting nearly ten minutes, and then flag the same chap down 15 minutes later to place our order. The full english was worth the wait though, a good size and high quality. The same could be said about my wife's smoked salmon and scrambled eggs.The hotel itself is on Clerkenwell Road, less than 5 minutes walk from Farringdon tube. At weekends, there surrounding area is not exactly rammed full, but there were a few busy looking bars - one directly opposite the hotel, and the famous Turnmills club is about 100 yards away. To walk (at a fairly good pace) to Covent Garden takes about 25 minutes, St Pauls just over 10 and the Tate Modern between 20 and 25.Ok, you could get hotels nearer to the main areas, but we really enjoyed staying somewhere smaller that wasn't right in the thick of it, like the West End hotels are. We'd definitely stay there again...	
Jul 27 2007	A place to call home!	I keep booking over and over rooms at the Zetter for friends and family staying in London and never been disappointed! Impeccable service that comes always with a big smile on everybody's faces and even if I have eaten in the restaurant only a couple of times ...the food was delicius and the atmosphere funky. LOVE IT!	
Jul 26 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	I visited the Zetter on the 12th July for lunch with a business colleague. I love the style of this hotel, if you like Boutique then you will love the Zetter. The service from the Receptionist right through to the Restaurant staff was superb and extremely accommodating. The hotel is a breath of fresh air from the normal quite stuffy venues that you can find in the City and I really enjoyed the relaxed, friendly nature of the staff, they made us feel at ease as soon as we arrived. The food was excellent with plenty of choice on the menu for a lunch, the service was equally excellent. I did have the opportunity to view one of the bedrooms for a future stay I am planning for my partner and I. The bedrooms are very stylish whilst still feeling homely for a boutique hotel, I'd certainly recommend one of the suites with the balcony views, also the view from the top of the avery to the lounge area below is quite dramatic. I'd have no problem recommending this hotel for anyone looking for a business or leisure trip.	
Jul 24 2007 	Love that hotel!	A second stay for us at the Zetter and we again had a fantastic time. I am amazed by some of the less than ecstatic reviews I have seen - it is my favourite hotel in London and one I don't hesitate to recommend. Ticks all the boxes - quirky, polite, chic, unpretentious, yummy food, smiling happy staff.What more do you want!!!!!	
Jul 18 2007 	spectations exceeded	we went for dinner at the restaurant last friday, 13th july 2007.it was four of us and we have the most amazing dinner ever. starter, main course and dessert. we also have wine and we only paid £150.00. great for such a nice restaurant, great location too.would advise everyone to go and try.	
Jul 18 2007	Loved it!	I had a wonderful time at The Zetter, the room had a great view and was a good size, the food was great and the service very nice... a beautiful touch: they have their own water!! The location is also with great access to the city and very lively night area... Definetely will come back!	
Jul 5 2007 	Loved it - will definitely stay again	I booked my husband and I a night away in London as a surprise for our wedding anniversary. My sister who is a travel agent had recommended The Zetter as she thought it was just our style. How right she was! The staff at the reception area were extremely helpful and attentive. I usually find the staff extremely rude in London hotels, though I think this may be a language barrier thing as they are nearly always foreign with very poor English. Any doubts I had regarding The Zetter were quickly forgotten. They asked if we were local, if we wanted to know anything about the area, whether we wanted dinner reservations, breakfast in bed etc. Always smiling and chatty. I mentioned it was our anniversary and later that evening we returned to our room to find a bottle of wine with a handwritten postcard from the manager, Justin, expressing his congratulations. Not something you hear everyday.I booked us a St John's Superior room which was lovely (room 411). I thought it was about normal size for a city hotel and it certainly wasn't tiny but made excellent use of space. Bathroom was clean and modern and the shower was AMAZING. I wish I could have one in my home. Bath robes are lovely and comfortable. Bed was fabulous.Reception area was lovely if you're into quirky, retro styling. The bar area is fantastic with great decor. We took our Mr &amp; Mrs Smith card which gives you a complimentary cocktail. The cocktails were fabulous and the bar staff were very attentive and chatty.Location is not too bad - a 10 minute walk to the tube and a 20 minute walk to Covent Garden. I think there are a couple of clubs nearby if that's your sort of thing, but it wasn't for us!Only complaints are: no complimentary toothpaste - you have to pay £2 for a (really cute) dental kit; DVD player was constantly skipping or freezing; Internet isn't free either which is a real shame.	
Jul 2 2007 	Didn't get it	Booked a 2 night weekend stay at the Zetter and as 2 girls sharing was advised to upgrade to a St Johns Sq superior room at a rate of £170 per night incl bfast which was supposedly a bigger room with a queen bed. We decided to splash out on a really nice hotel as a treat for the weekend.On checking in, we were amazed at the size of the tiny room which had a double bed. After half an hour of the front desk faffing about (totally disorganised), we were eventually moved to a similar room, still not £170 worth in my opinion. We were overall really disappointed with the hotel, rooms were like grey cells of mdf and the &quot;wallpaper art&quot; was a rectangle of fabric on the wall. A bit of neon lighting too - really not worth the pricetag and photography on website makes it look better than it is. We decided to check out after 1 night as the hotel did nothing to address our issues as they were full both nights and seemed to be much more interested in the wedding guests arriving. We moved to Threadneedles for another £10 per night. Was like going from rags to riches. Worlds apart.	
Jun 23 2007 	Nice experience	Stayed at the Zetter on a business trip. A really unique hotel. I live in downtown Chicago so I'm used to a bit of noise every now and then and didn't have an issue with it as other travelers seemed to. I had a double bed, flat panel tv with interactive features such as music selections and movies. Bathroom had a great rain shower. Would stay again.	
Jun 21 2007 	You can do better for the price.......	Small unimpressive reception - check-in was efficient, if uninformative about the amenities, breakfast times etc.Standard double room was on the small side, ok if you're on your own, but would have been cramped for 2 people, as would have been the bed. Modern, stylish decor, though I wasn't keen on the drab, khaki colour scheme.Small tv, with only a handful of channels, controlled through the PC, which made it slow &amp; cumbersome to operate.I wasn't tempted by the breakfast, which seemed expensive at £16.50 for an 'English', in a hotel that is minimalist in most other respects. There is a Tesco just round the corner though.On the plus side it is in a good location, only a short walk from Farringdon tube station, and just over a mile from Kings Cross - near to Sadlers Wells, St Paul, Tate Modern &amp; with many restaurants nearby. You also get a free Guardian newspaper (though a cut down version) and a informative newsheet with weather forecast &amp; local attraction/events, which was a nice touch.In summary, a nice, modern, stylish hotel, though for the price (£134 for a standard room at the weekend), I would suggest you try Malmaison, just round the corner, with larger rooms, more amenities, a nicer building, and a bargain at £134 a night (including breakfast) if you book through Superbreak, or The Hoxton Hotel, again significantly cheaper.	
Jun 12 2007 	Small but perfectly formed!	Myself &amp; my wife had a lovely 3 night stay at The Zetter. The location is a key strength; very close to a selection of trendy bars &amp; restaurants, in a safe area of the city, and with easy access to the West End.The staff were always friendly &amp; were very detailed in explaining how the complex TV/DVD/MP3 system worked in our room. They responded to any requests we had in a matter of minutes.The room itself was very impressive, if a little small. There wasn't much storage space, a lack of spare carpet space and the bed was a small double but other than that it was great - funky lighting, nice decor, modern bathroom with 'rain-style' drop shower and some decent finishing touches. Free ice &amp; water was also a nice touch.Overall, it is pricey but if you can cope with living in a small space then it is a great place to stay.	
Jun 12 2007	Loved it	Stayed at this hotel for two nights late last month (May 07) during a business trip to London. As far as location is concerned it is probably not the no.1 choice for those visiting London for pure leisure as there are others more central. For business purposes, particularly if you have to be near Farringdon, this is definitely a very good choice. Guess the “boutique” label is a bit overstated but it surely have a few interesting distinctive features. Te room was spacious (guess I was lucky with no less than 4 windows overlooking the street in front), books on the bedside (this was a novelty for me), broadband internet connection – free of charge, vending machines on every floor and a great, but I mean great, restaurant/breakfast room. I have no doubts recommending it and will definitely be back.	
Jun 10 2007 	I wanted to love this place.	My chance to stay at The Zetter came only recently when I was visiting London with my girlfriend and wanted to stay somewhere close to the &quot;action&quot; - Farringdon, the City (for going out and sightseeing) and the West End (for shopping). I booked directly with The Zetter but then found a better deal through Mr and Mrs Smith, so sent a very clear email instruction about 4 weeks before I travelled to cancel the original reservation. I didn't receive a response from The Zetter, but didn't think anything of this but thinking back, I should have probably made sure my old reservation was cancelled.As we arrived at the hotel on the Sunday evening, the staff serving us at reception were very frosty. I explained that we booked through Mr and Mrs Smith and showed my card. No mention was made of the complimentary cocktail that you should get on arrival. Not to worry.We were showed to our room and to be honest it wasn't very big and for the money I would expect to have a bit of space around the double bed to move around. It felt very cramped. We paid extra for a rooftop room and the view did not disappoint. We were treated to glorious views of the City and the rest of London plus the weather was fantastic so the beautiful blue skies definitely added to the experience. London was quite warm, and a bit of air-conditioning would have been nice. However, the room's aircon wasn't working properly so we had to keep the windows open. Again, not something you'd expect from a GBP245 per night room. Bed was very comfortable and the room definitely was style. I really liked the touch of having an iPod dock and the other small touches were nice.Bathroom was a perfect example of making the most of a small space - gave me some great ideas for renovating my own place! I don't think it is nit picking to note that the towels were consistently like drying yourself with sandpaper. Perhaps some fabric softener would have been nice - it felt like the towels hadn't been replaced since the hotel's opening and they had a grey-ish look to them.As I say in my title, I really wanted to love this place. I have dined at the hotel restaurant a few times and I have always liked the hotel's vibe. I wanted to avoid a big chain because I wanted personal service. As the days passed, I realised that noone behind the desk said &quot;good morning&quot; as you went out in the morning nor did anyone say &quot;good evening&quot; when you came back at night. This you might expect in a 400 room Hilton but not in a 56 room hotel such as The Zetter.The final complaint and I have left the best until last. On the Tuesday morning at 8.30 my cell phone rang and it was a very rude receptionist asking where I was as I had not turned up for the original booking that I made directly with the hotel. I explained that I had made a subsequent booking through Mr and Mrs Smith and had sent a cancellation email to [--]. The receptionist told me that they had not received this mail and she would have to speak to her manager about the cancellation fee. At this point I was made to question my own sanity and I would like to add that I have subsequently checked by sent items to find the mail with the confirmation code clearly stated. I told the receptionist that I had already checked into the hotel - could they not have detected that I was the same M. O'Leary from Singapore? Apparently not. I said that I was not prepared to pay a cancellation fee and would check out immediately if this was levied - I was then told not to be too hasty by the rude receptionist. Again, this isn't a massive hotel and I felt that the service quality was overall pretty poor; especially how this situation was dealt with. The fact that they had made an admin error was made out to be my fault and I was repeatedly told that they were fully booked last night and had held the room for me. I was supposed to deal with this at 8.30 in the morning?The hotel is stunning, the decor is great and the location is perfect . The bar is very cool - so retro! They started selling Meantime beer from Greenwich which is a real find. The restaurant (not that we went this time) is very good italian, with a great wine list. The view was excellent from the roof terrace.When I looked at the bill and saw GBP800 for the three night stay, I started asking myself whether it was really worth it. On this occasion, I don't think it was. I don't think I will be returning to the Zetter to stay. Hopefully someone from The Zetter will look at this review and do something about the service. With so many gushing reviews on tripadvisor, maybe it was me? Genuinely I feel that there is much room for improvement.	
Jun 9 2007	For an American audience	This was my second stay at the Zetter. If you have a lot of energy or a few extra minutes, you could check out my previous review. In short, I am still very impressed with the hotel and even more impressed with the surrounding area. But if you are American (as am I), I wouldn't get too caught up in the rave reviews by British tourists. On the whole, hotels in London are lousy with respect to value compared to other European capitals and especially compared to the U.S., and you will be disappointed if you expect the Zetter to be on par with similarly priced modern/ trendy hotels in the U.S.. The dollar is very weak compared to the pound, and unlike the restaurant scene the hotel choices in London have not really improved much in the past 20 years. The rooms are small but well designed. Housekeeping is flawless, the staff is great, and the bartenders are simultaneously good-looking, engaging, and make great Mojitos. The biggest asset of the hotel is the surrounding area. You will feel that you are in the &quot;real&quot; London...hip, safe, exciting, and as convenient as anywhere else for sight-seeing but without the tourist hordes. Just keep in mind....for London (but not the U.S.), the Zetter is a really good value.	
May 31 2007	it's the best in the land!	Some live in a house, some live in a flat, some live on a boat, but I on the other hand, until a few months ago, lived in a hotel! Not just any hotel, rather a restaurant with rooms, which in reality doesn’t sound as seedy as one might assume. Housed in the old pool rooms on Clerkenwell road, The Zetter is more like the loft apartment you always dreamt of owning rather than a room to rent. Great management, staff who go over and above the call of duty, a restaurant serving home cooked Italian food that gives Elizabeth David a run for her money. What more could a 30 something girl in the city ask for?	
May 8 2007 	Zetter the coolest hotel in town	What a wonderful experience staying in the Zetter was........ From the moment I arrived the reception I felt special and very modern. The rooms are just fab, I just love the pink lights, choice of music and all the quirky extras that are dotted around the rooms, very original. I also really appreciated the local information that was in the room for the guests, not only interesting but very useful The convenience of the vending machines on each floor is a brilliant idea, how many times have I forgotten that vital essential, and there they all were, not to mention the naughty treats, vodka redbull and chocolate yum yum!I had breakfast and dinner in the hotel, again, service and food was just wonderful. The menu had that &quot;special something&quot; which made the meals just irresistible. Would I come and stay again.........absolutely would recommend to everyone!	
Apr 30 2007 	Greatest Cocktails on Earth!	My boyfriend and I decided to celebrate our engagement in London in style and after searching the found The Zetter to be recommended as stylish, modern and funky. We were not dissapointed - the staff could not have been kinder (and that was before they knew why we were there) - the rooms were really cool, with great quirky bits like pink lighting, rain showers and the comfiest pillows ever - but the best part for me were the cocktails. AMAZING. We had a great weekend and would definately, definitely go back.	
Apr 11 2007 	I love this hotel	The only problem with this hotel, is that it such a short stay!Not many londoners are aware of this trendy area, let alone this little hotel. The area is amougst cafes, bars, restaurants and iconic nightclubs, I say pah to the west end.You must visit the Zetter. They have these cool pink lights all over the hotel and grab a cocktail from the bar, the waiters are all beautiful.	
Apr 10 2007 	Stylish but compact	The Zetter pitches itself as &quot;restaurant &amp; rooms&quot;, and it was the restaurant which drew me to it as I was attending a business dinner in one of its private dining rooms, and decided it would be the most convenient place to stay afterwards. It's convenient for Farringdon stationThe standard guest room I was staying in was smartly decorated, with some attention to detail. Although a double room, I think it would have felt cramped with two guests in it. There was no wardrobe, only a suitcase stand and a couple of coathooks - not a problem for me, but I would have expected at least some clothes storage space.The bed was comfortable, and the secondary glazing kept out most of the noise from Clerkenwell Road. There were also folding shutters to keep out most of the light. The rooms are however arranged around an atrium, which means there is likely to be some noise from the bar on the ground floor (or from guests on other floors).The room comes with a PC which provides the audio-visual entertainment through the tv - it plays DVDs, and includes an MP3 &quot;jukebox&quot; with a good (and free) selection of albums. The fan in the PC was noisy though. The wifi in the hotel is now free, but irritatingly if you want to access the internet using the PC keyboard it costs £10. There's no minibar fridge in the room, but there is a selection of non-refrigerated drinks and snacks, at the usual eye-watering prices (other than the bottles of water, which are free). (Note that there is a late night supermarket two doors down the street!).The shower room (note there is no bath tub) was relatively spacious. Bathrobes provided, but £2 a pop if you want to use the shaving or toothbrush kits. The shower has a large shower head, though (if you're bothered about such things) the spray wasn't particularly powerful or adjustable.The room was clean and well-maintained, other than a slightly faulty shutter and the sliding bathroom door being very squeaky and not locking. Overall, I would recommend it, but be wary of the potential noise from the atrium.	
Apr 3 2007 	Absolutely fabulous!!!	This is the type of hotel you have to stay in before you die!This was our second visit and hopefully not our last. We stayed in a top floor room with patio and city views and it is well worth the money. The decor is chic with litle extras such as throws, hot water bottle, books to read in the loo, neon dog(!) and excellent music through the TV which kept my husband entertained and very jealous!The cocktails down in the bar are perfect and moreish, the staff always polite.The room was large and comfortable, the bed as good as my own and the shower washes away any trace of a hangover in the morning. We truely did not want to leave and hope to return soon. If you're looking for somewhere special this is it.	
Mar 19 2007 	A Mod Good Time	My girlfriend and I stayed at The Zetter and Rooms recently during a six day business trip. It was our first stay at the hotel and in the Clerkenwell area. In short, the stay was exceptional. However, when we arrived, we discovered (much to our chagrin) that the hotel could not honor our reservation for a Rooftop Suite because of a mixup. We thought, &quot;Oh no, this is not good.&quot;. But the staff was apologetic and we were offered a smaller St. John's Square room for two nights until the mixup was fixed. The staff threw in a few perks, including a complimentary bottle of champagne and two days of breakfast at no additional charge. The restaurant is outstanding. The decor of the hotel is mod and tres cool. The staff is smiley and friendly. And once we were moved to the larger Rooftop Suite, it was dreamy. It had a balcony and immense space for a London hotel room. It exceeded our expectations in terms of amenties and decor. Granted, it's not cheap. But in the end, this is a very unusual, quirky, and delightful hotel and restaurant.	
Mar 12 2007 	Pretty cool!!	My partner and I were in London for the weekend to see a show. Having previously lived in London I was looking for something a bit different - away from the tourist trail but near enough to get about on foot.The Zetter certainly delivered.Although the room was quite small, it was imaginitively decorated and the designer touches (such as neon pink light and knitted hot water bottle cover) really made the difference.The other great (due to it being surprisingly different than most other hotels) thing was the music library, free magazines and bottles of still and sparkling water provided free of charge and topped up every day.The other jewel in the crown was breakfast - very good menu with loads of choice - and good value if you get a weekend deal.I'd really recommend this to anyone who is looking for something off the tourist trail - a stylish, comfortable, cool hotel.	
Feb 23 2007	hotel with heart in a great part of London	This is going to sound indulgent. I live in London but a couple of weekends ago stayed at The Zetter in Clerkenwell. Not my usual habit to stay at hotels in my own city... however, a friend and I were discussing the fact that you get such a different experience of a place if you're in the position of a tourist, and then got thinking how nice it would be to go away in London and just kick back and not worry about the washing up etc. We both love clekenwell (great restaurants) and had heard about The Zetter through various bits in the press. So away we went. After having a little trouble finding the entrance (we were round the side of the building), we found ourselves in the reception area, next to a cabinet full of curios and quirky craft-pieces. First indication this is not your usual corporate hotel. A striving to be individual is felt everywhere. Though the hotel's nearish to the city, it's collaborated with lots of local design businesses so you do get that village feel. There were some lamps in our room from a Clekenwell design company and our little knitted hotwater bottles - much needed since snow fell the following day - were also from a local crafts association, I think.Room was lovely. Not huge - in fact on the small side - but the use of space was very clever and we never felt squashed in. Lots of great touches, from the drinking water that comes from the wells of Clerkenwell (took me ages to twig that), to the thoughtful selection of magazines. Not forgetting the English heritage cum minimalist cum 1970's design. Sounds like it would never work, but believe me, it does. Fantastic views over london even though the weather was grim (i've attached a pic of the view from the room). We were lucky enough to be on the 5th floor and have our own balcony.The Zetter has a restaurant, too. We didn't sit down at a table but had some tapas at the bar. Had some really good blinis and charcuterie, along with some rabbit with chestnut pasta. The cocktails have to be tried. Service not at all formal but everyone was very friendly and helpful in a laid back way. All I would say is that if you want to be based in the west end, The Zetter isn't right in the middle of it. But it's only 10ish minutes walk to Covent Garden. I think Clerkenwell's so much nicer, though, so try something a bit different!	
Feb 13 2007	Coffee point?	Stayed at the Zetter for a birthday treat. The rooms are great. Lovely large beds and goose down duvet covers and massive showers. The in room entertainment systems is fantastic as is the subtle lighting. The shower is also impressive in size but doesn't blast you away as you might expect. The hotel falls down on to fronts. Firstly breakast isn't included, and for this price it wouldn't. Secondly there are no tea and coffee facilities in the rooms. You have to utilise the drinks station outside in the coridoor which while not the end of the world does mean having to dress to make yourself half decent. Minor points which if improved would make this fab place even better. (and if they updated the music system with new tunes too!)	
Jan 22 2007	Restaurant/ Front Desk Staff Were Appalling In Emergency	This is not a review of the hotel facilities, which look lovely. In fact, I had tentative plans to go back with my girlfriend this spring to stay, but have no such intentions any more. On the evening of Sunday, November 19, 2006, our family ate at the restaurant (upon my recommendation, following very positive Guardian reviews). We had all recently arrived from outside the country, including my parents who had travelled to London from North America to meet us. To make a very long story short, the service, which began as standoffish and snobby and best, degraded to downright negligent during the course of a local power outage which saw the dining room go virtually pitch-black (where was the emergency lighting?) whereupon my mother’s handbag, including passport, cash, cards, digital camera, etc. (valued in excess of £1000) disappeared from the back of her chair. Health &amp; Safety policy? Moral obligation? Potential culpability? Leadership under duress? Ha. The staff seemed not to care whatsoever, although they were otherwise able to tally our bill by hand. The kitchen was closed out of necessity, but they kept serving drinks in the dark. No one did anything to help, until they were forcefully pressed at the front desk to contact the police on our behalf.We were one of maybe five occupied tables in the very large dining room that night. There was a CCTV camera pointed right in our direction. No one would or ever did pull the tape, despite requests.My mother was in tears most the night. She was then stranded in London for the rest of the week without a passport, unable to board her intended flight. (It had to rebooked three times). I could go on...	
Dec 22 2006	Lovely neighborhood lovely hotel	Really nice boutique hotel. Big rooms, comfy bed. In addition- there is a coffee station on each floor that makes fresh coffe/expresso/cappucino by the cup. Free wireless internet. Plus, they have 2 different kinds of water by the liter - still and bubbly. It is free and it is refreshed daily. Seems small, but when you are walking all over the city, this is an extra nice perk.	
Dec 13 2006 	Wanted to love it...	I wanted to love this hotel, really. The room decor is adorable and larger than most boutique hotels. The indirect (overhead red/white dial) lighting is fun and creates a good ambiance in the room. The bathroom fixtures and &quot;rain&quot; shower and toiletries are fantastic. The hotel is only a short walk from the tube.But, the service (or lack thereof) killed everything. The front desk was rude and condescending. They hassled me for wanting a non-smoking room, made me feel &quot;difficult&quot; for asking for one, tried their hardest not to give me one...and then, surprise, one magically appeared! When you return for the night, no one greets you or makes you feel welcome. And they were equally cold and aloof when I checked out as well. I love boutique hotels and have stayed in many in London. I get excited for each new one to try. I can't tell you what a disappointment it was to be treated so rudely when everything else was so perfect and would have had me raving about The Zetter.	
Dec 12 2006 	The Faultless Zetter	My mum and I stayed at The zetter for 2 nights on the 8th of December for a weekend of Christmas shopping. The hotel allowed us to book in early and the staff were happy, obliging, helpful and made you feel looked after and were very attentive without being in your face. We stayed in St Johns room superior, which was lovely, not overly large but perfectly formed and the touches of the hot water bottle, endless free tunes and the big shower were once again faultless.We ate in the hotel the first night, we didn't book and the restaurant was heaving but they got us in as we were staying in the hotel (perks that are normally forgotten in todays slack customer service regimes). The food and cocktails, service and atmosphere was great, PLEASE try the vodka and espresso martini, velvet to the lips and ended up being a staple end to our evenings as we chilled in the stylish lounge before stumbling up to bed. The next night we ate at Smiths a restaurant under 5 mins walk away which was once again amazing. It is four floors with a cocktail bar, everything u need under one roof.I would definitely go back to The Zetter time and time again, it was so refreshing to get decent service and excellent value for money in stylish and faultless surroundings. A top weekend.	
Nov 3 2006 	I want to live here!	This was my second stay at the zetter and it is the only place in London I would want to stay. I normally stay with friends but from now on I will shell out the extra cash for the experience of staying here. I have stayed in a couple of supposedly luxury hotels which have nothing on this little gem. The design is fantastic, the staff are friendly and the area is great. Only slight problem is noise - I did have some difficulty getting off to sleep as for some reason noise really seems to travel.For London this hotel is serioulsy good value and I would highly recommend it - and if you do stay here you must book into Moro just 10 mins walk away.	
Aug 15 2006	Wow!	Fantastic place! We had the second size room up. Fantstic decor, lovely bathroom. I have since read all the paint is eco friendly. Didn't eat in the restaurant but in retrospect would have been nice. The next morning we walked past Moro restaurant which is just around the corner - definately wish we had eaten there! Breakfast is WAY too expensive but will stay in the hotel again.	
Aug 7 2006	Finally a design hotel that doesn't cost the earth!	I have just returned from a birthday mini-break in London organised by my husband at a place called The Zetter. We had such a good time that I felt compelled to write a review - especially as I am usually quite a fussy customer.It is hard to say what's so good about the Zetter - it is a combination of things. It is really beautifully done up in designer-style, but without being at all pretentious or intimidating. In fact it seems to have a bit of a sense of humour with really nice quirky individual touches like pink mood lighting and matching woolly hot water bottles and blankets in the bedrooms, and huge great big coloured swirls hand-painted on the restaurant walls. The staff there are really friendly too, but not at all in that slightly false 'looking for a tip' way - just relaxed, yet smiley and approachable. The facilities at the hotel are definitley enough to keep both sides of a marriage happy - there's the amazing interactive TV system to keep the boys busy for at least a couple of hours, and lovely oversized dressing gowns, luxury toiletries and huge power showers to keep the girls feeling pampered and happy. The rooms are a little on the small side perhaps, but for the price (approx 140 pounds a night) still great value for money considering this is one of London's trendiest neighbourhoods we're talking about.We really enjoyed exploring the local area following the recommendations of our interactive TV's 'out &amp; about' guide. There are loads of great galleries, bars, clubs and restaurants all on your doorstep, but be warned it's hard to fit them all in when you've also got to make time for the simply delicious 'modern Mediterranean' cooking on offer in the Zetter Restaurant. It's really tasty fare, and a definitely a notch above the usual standards of a hotel restaurant. I think I'll be demanding a return trip next birthday!All in all a fantastic experience, and one which I'd highly recommend.	
Aug 2 2006 	Plenty of Charm 	This hotel has plenty of energy and charm.The staff through to the vending machines and help-yourself coffee make this little place a new generation of quirky, afforable hotels.Felt like I was chilling out in my own lounge drinking cocktails in the retro atrium lounge... Very cool..Even saw a few 'b' list celebs hanging in the bar!	
Jul 22 2006 	Very Hip hotel	Stayed at the Zetter for a one night stay prior to our return to the States. Hotel had been recommended by a few travel blogs as hip and trendy. Booked room 507 ( top floor studio with outside patio ) Room very pink!!! (mood lights).We had just stayed at the Savoy on the front end of our Europe trip - so a comparison would not be fair. The plus side - great funky location, walking to the Old Bailey, lots of city vibe (even for a Sunday) Great service from reception. Room was on the large (for London) side. Great water pressure. The Media Center TV is a great plus.So so - it's just not a 5 star experience (although at £293 you would expect it - the price is only a few pounds shy of the Savoy). BUT, the hotel is not close to anything touristy- expect to walk. The front reception is just cramped, there are two elevators (small at that) and there is not way for the staff to know when you arrive that luggage assitance may or may not be needed. The Zetter is an environmentally friendly hotel, thus, you need to keep your hotel key inserted in the slot by the AC to keep it operating ( never hovered below 19 dec C ) - it was over 90 degrees the day we visited the Zetter, needless to say - keep the extra key inserted so the room stays cool!It good hotel - not great - the staff does try its best under the circumstances..	
Jul 21 2006 	A Gem of a Hotel	The Zetter Hotel does several things right. I was hard pressed to find something wrong!To start, the restaurant is amazing. Mediterranian cuisene done very very well. Lots of amazing fish dishes, scallops, shrimps, etc. I ate there twice during my stay and each time was quite a treat. Be SURE to order a &quot;Make Me Happy&quot; martini from the bar. The Tropicana and the Citrus were also excellent. Cheers to the inventor of the anything but standard Martini list. The staff of the property was so courteous, friendly and helpful. Being from the states, I initially felt lost in the city. But the staff was so helpful pointing out must see sightseeing areas, tube stations, and even hooked me up at a nearby club on Saturday night. They really helped make otherwise difficult navigation easy.The rooms are very well appointed. Comfortable bed, amazing bathroom &amp; shower, even a free cauppucino each morning! Makes the complimentary coffee in America look a bit weak if you ask me! I really liked their energy concious attitude. In order to get the power turned on in the room, you have to put your key in a little slot just inside the door. That way, you don't accidentally leave the AC on when you leave, wasting money and energy.Probably the most unique thing I came across was the bottled water. They make their own! Apparently they have a full water processing plant in the basement and tap into &quot;Clerks Well&quot; thousands of feet below the hotel. The water was as good if not better than Fiji (my personal favorite)If you are looking for a small hotel where everyone knows your name, think the Zetter! Far less pretentious and &quot;trendy&quot; than St. Martens Lane or the Sanderston. This place gets it right! If you're lucky enough to book a room with a terrace, you'll fall in love immediately!	
Jul 7 2006	The Zetter worked for us!	My mother and I stayed at the Zetter for 8 nights in mid-June and we LOVED it! It is not for everyone; you have to appreciate the fun and funky style and be prepared for smaller rooms (typical for London) and a location that is not central. However, as we were repeat visitors to London (and not there to sightsee), we found the nearby tube station quite convenient and also chose to walk to our destinations. The area has an amazing number of incredible restaurants--but beware of Sunday when most are closed--and the Zetter's breakfasts were invariably yummy. We enjoyed the hallway coffee machine and its variety of fresh offerings, the rooms were very comfortable and decor throughout the hotel was stylish and fuctional. The staff? Helpful and friendly-- we felt like we were saying goodbye to family when it was time to go.	
Jul 3 2006	Good restaurant quirky hotel!!!	Stayed at the zetter on the 24th of june. A really great looking hotel and with a lovely restaurant. Lots of quirky aspects to the hotel (pink lighting, the zzzzz menu, recent life size portrait of Gordon Banks in hotel bar). Unfortnetly my key card failed four times, including when I arrived back inebriated in the early hours of the morning, which led to a rather uncomfortable night sleep on the hallway floor. I had other issues with build quality but hey I dont want to bore you.Good fun, reasonable value, would not return, pay the extra and try the sanderson, the metropolitan, etc...	
May 26 2006	Funky Hotel in Funky Location!	From the moment we walked into the Zetter Hotel, I could give it nothing but 5 stars!The reception staff were helpful and friendly and as I have never been to this part of town before (clerkenwell), they recommended some great bars i.e vinoteca &amp; clubs in the area to visit.Rooms are funky &amp; modern, but also comfortable, especially the beds... My husband loved the music libary, 4000 tracks to choose from, free of charge!The vegetarian breakfast was delicious and serivce was prompt &amp; with a smile. The Bar tender that made my mouth-watering cocktail, a Smithfield Pony, the night before was a gem.. There were too many decisions on the list and made-up one especially for me!We wished we could of stayed another night but the Zetter was fullly booked. I can understand why! Very impressed with the hotel, I'm suprised more people do not know about this Chic Clerkenwell Hotel. We'll be passing the good word on	
May 20 2006 	A triumph of style over substance	I stayed for one night at this hotel, and would rate it as the worst nights sleep I have ever had.The appearance of the room was great - contemporary styling, comfortable looking bed, wonderful film library and sound system in your room. But that was where it ended. The Zetter is in an old building, on a busy road. I think it must be near a hospital as there were a lot of sirens during the night, which is unusual in London. The windows are single glazed, so from a noise viewpoint it felt like I was sleeping out in the road. There are no curtains, but shutters inside the windows. And they don't fit. So by the time I had dug in my bag to find earplugs and finally got to sleep at 3.30 I was woken only a couple of hours later by the light shining through the gaps.The bed in my £195 per night was small. It was fine for me, but I would not have wanted to share it.There was no light in the shower (needed when it is made of dark tiles), and no light suitable for make up in the bathroom. I eventually coped by shining the desk light onto the mirror in the room.On reading the room guide it said that earplugs were available at reception.....but who wants to go to reception in the middle of the night. I have no idea why they do not place them in the room. The guide also told of the tea and coffee machine on each floor. On investigation, it was a superb machine....but again who wants to go out of their room to get tea or coffee.On the upside, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the restaurant was good, hence a rating of 2 rather than 1.	
May 8 2006	Service Makes Location Not Worth It	The hotel room was as expected- hip and modern. The attached restaurant was very good, with a great all-glass view of the neighborhood. Now the negative- The bar is in a strange location and not conducive to chillin’, with inconsistent service (e.g. wrong drinks, no memory of previous drink). The hotel service was also disappointing. For example, when we called to order room service, after much thought, it turned out the menu was out-of-date. Our items were no longer on the menu. No one told us anything about the area or introduced the room when we checked in- with the desk being somewhat cold. Items were missing from the room, so we had to call for them. Finally, the hotel is really too far if you are in town to see the sights. Though the tube can get you anywhere, the station is a bit of a hop. With better service- the location may have been worth it.	
Apr 19 2006	Funky Chilled	My girlfriend and I (24 &amp; 27yrs old) stayed at the Zetter for one night over the Easter Bank holiday. I paid £160 for St John's Sq room which on reflection I thought was slightly overpriced.The room had a comfortable amount of space with a roomy bathroom, everything was very clean and tidy as you would expect. The shower was really nice probably the best feature in all honesty. One tip is to turn off the computer that controls the TV etc at night otherwise you will find yourself being woken up by the cooling system on it! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We didn't eat in the hotel but did find a very nice restaurant further up Farringdon Rd on the right hand side of the entrance to Exmouth Market.We did have cocktails in the bar which were excellent! All in all it's a nice hotel in a cool part of London and close to a number of tubes. If you want a chilled funky hotel then this could be the place for you!	
Apr 19 2006	Nice but not that impressed........	Stayed at the Zetter with my husband for one night during Easter weekend. The hotel was really nice but nothing special. The room (we stayed in a suite on the top floor) was pleasant, nicely decorated, good size for London (which means small if you are staying anywhere else in the world, including New York), bathroom was nice as well (really good shower but the bath itself on the small side). We had a small roof terrace with the so called city views (yes we could see few buildings from there, but it was not anything spectacular)Basically even though overall it was a really nice hotel I would not really stay there again unless for business and paid by the company. There there was no WOW factor like you get with hotels in this pirce bracket (we paid around £300 for one night!!!)We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but had room service which was good food but a bit overpricedLocation is fine if you dont mind travelling by tube to all the touristy spots!	
Apr 16 2006 	Just OK	Stayed for two nights in April. On the good side: a fantastic shower, decent sized room and a cool location. On the bad side: Crap food, lots of street noise, inattentive (bordering on incompetant) staff and a TV that broke twice. I'm sure there are better places in the neighborhood.	
Mar 22 2006 	Hip and trendy area of London	I stayed here for 3 nights. Hotel room was nice i stayed in a St Johns Square room which was a large room with a comfortable bed. Nicely decorated and quiet room. Nice lounge in lobby to have a drink after work. Staff was helpful and kind. Clerkenwell have many good restaurants and bars. I ate at Portal and St Johns both good and had a glas of wine and cheese at the Enoteca on St Johns street which all were good. If you are a tourist and wants to do sightseeing this is not the area to stay in but if you have been to London many times and just want to meet with friends, eat at nice restaurants and bars this is the hotel to stay in. /Stefan	
Mar 6 2006	Weekend Retreat!	Have just spend a grown up long weekend at The Zetter escaping from our two toddlers!I travel and stay in London regularly and so wanted to find a special hotel that would feel very different to work so spent a great deal of time on tinternet trying to find one - I was not disappointed.From the booking process to the moment we left, the staff did all they could to provide a great experience. The hotel is small and non the worse for that. I would describe it as funky chic with some great design touches like the atrium and bar. The room (a corner king) was an excellent size for central london with a small bathroom (but sensational shower). Again, the little touches like complimentary own source water and knitted hot water bottle make the difference. The breakfast is excellent - always freshly prepared and some interesting options (although the English breakfast should not be overlooked and kept me going all the way back to Leeds that evening!).Whilst the Zetter is certainly not cheap it is affordable luxury and is certainly somewhere that I would recomend to anyone looking for a bit of urban cool.	
Mar 5 2006 	Great value!	I stayed here 4 nights for a business trip. Although the room was a bit small and the bed was only a twin I was satisfied with the price of the room (GBP140 + VAT), especially since most hotels will charge a lot more.The bathroom and shower stall was good-sized, they event had Elemis shampoo, conditioner and shower gel! I ordered room service for breakfast, lunch and dinner during the week and was delighted to discover that they delivered the meal within 15 minutes each time! That's better service than most hotels in Asia, Australia and the United States!!The staff at the reception was friendly, check-in service was speedy and although my room card key failed to work twice during the week they replaced my card key immediately.Clerkenwell is very close to the City of London so if you're meeting people in the &quot;City&quot; you're only a 5 - 10 minute walk away. If you're planning to do some shopping on Oxford Street or Knightsbridge (like me) then Farringdon tube is only a 5 minute walk away. However, compared to when I lived in London 10 years ago the price of transportation (taxi and tube) has really gone up! There's a news agent right across the street from the hotel - it's great if you need to get the latest magazines and news. There are restaurants w/i walking distance (a noodle shop and cafes within a 30 second walk from the hotel).I would definitely stay hear again.	
Mar 2 2006	Very hip	Nice hotel and the price isn't bad. I am not sure that it is better than the Malmaison just down the road though. The cd jukebox feature on your TV is a nice touch but the &quot;glow lamp&quot; (or whatever it is called) next to my bed required to be switched off so that I could get some sleep without seeing various colours projected across the room! Very hip and great decor The mini bar is a vending machine in the hall-way but this was not a negative for me.	
Feb 19 2006	Absolutely fantastic - would definately recommend!	I arranged a mid range room for my boyfriend's birthday and upon booking under the &quot;special requests&quot;, I asked if it would be possible to either upgrade us or just make it a little bit special for him.Upon arrival, the reception staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The receptionist had said that she noticed my request and had upgraded us to the top floor suite. (Excellent!)The room was really nice. Well laid out, a nice terrace with spectacular view and a nice sized bathroom. The shower was a rain dance shower and I didn't want to get out! The bed was comfy, hot water bottle - nice touch although not needed! The room had air con settings which was nice and there were nice quirky extras such as Time Out, books and other magazines.I do think that if you are paying for this room it isn't &quot;value for money&quot; and it made it that much better to know we had been upgraded complimentary. The breakfast was extremely expensive. 3 people = £50+.One slice of toast = £2.50!Although the staff were very friendly though.All in all a wonderful experience and we would definately recommend it and go back.	
Feb 2 2006	Zetter Rocks!	Can't say enough good things about our experience at the Zetter Hotel. We stayed four nights and loved it. It is within a few blocks of the Farringdon Tube stop, which is convenient. We arrived at the hotel at 9am on Sunday morning after an overnight plane trip from the US. The reception was incredibly warm and friendly and they did not even question that we wouldn't be checking into our room right away. The woman at the front desk said that there was a room ready right away but it was on the streetside. She suggested that we wait about 1/2 hour for a room on the quieter side of the hotel to be ready as we were going to be there for four nights. So, we had a great breakfast in the hotel restaurant and our room was ready. The room was great! It is small, but that was to be expected in London. The bathroom, however, was quite large, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Maid service went out of their way to accommodate us with cleaning times and always did an excellent job. The hotel restaurant was the best food and atmosphere of our visit and the staff, again, was so welcoming and helpful. Overall, we had a fantastic experience and would definitely go back.	
Jan 27 2006	Pretty in Pink	We had a short but fabulous time in this gem of a hotel. I booked a 2 night w/e stay on their great website for my wife's birthday and they didn't disappoint. From the Staff's great attitude (endlessly helpful, all smiles, no over-formalities)to the quirky but really well judged decor the place was a winner. Our Top floor room had a big patio, with great views. Highlight: Cooked breakfast in bed listening to Neil Young (one of their thousands of free music tracks on the fancy TV system). The local area is also great at weekends (though you might not think so at first reckoning), a short walk to St Pauls, and on over the amazing Millenium bridge to the Tate Modern on Saturday and then Columbia Road flower market and Spitalfields (another great market with lots going around it) on Sunday. Cannot wait for another excuse to go!Oh and their rooms have groovy porno-pink coloured lighting, good for getting in the mood if you need to, (hence pretty in pink title)	
Jan 25 2006	Great Stay at a Hip Hotel	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Zetter, including New Years Eve, and loved it. We were in a St. John's Square Superior Room and found it to be plenty large enough and in great shape. Here are a couple standout tidbits we liked. - AMAZING rain-style shower - great music selection on the interactive TV system - red mood lighting, if you want it - hot water bottle - discounted rates on weekends which include free internet access (normally 10 pounds a day) - vending machines have gin and tonics, champagne, rum and cokes, etc - 5 minutes from Farringdon Underground station - great clubs nearby - hip decor, with a 5 story atrium. guests exit their room and can look down into the loungeOne of the best things about that place, was the Texaco station next door where we could get our fill of Nestle's Kit Kat Chunky. Trust me, fellow Americans, you have not tasted chocolate till you try a regular, everyday candybar in Europe. You will never look at our waxy American stuff the same.	
Dec 19 2005	If you stay at the Zetter stay at the back	Nicely designed rooms, poor room maintenance (the usual lack of attention to detail I've come to expect from even some of the best hotels - scuff marks, stains on carpets and furnishings, non-functioning heating and a noisy VCD deck) but good service and breakfast. Shame the owners of the Zetter were too cheap to double glaze the windows and think that their poorly designed shutters will keep out the traffic noise. Ask for rooms at the back, away from Clerkwenwell Road and St John's Square. If you don't like noise and you can't get these rooms, stay at the Covent Garden Hotel instead.	
Dec 7 2005	Gorgeous Hotel would definitely go back	My boyfriend and I stayed here at the end of November for our first anniversary. I was a bit worried that it wouldn't be very romantic as a few of the pictures on the internet look quite stark, but it was very cosy and you could change the lighting which was very cool. We stayed in a standard room the first night and a suite the second night. The beds in both rooms were the most comfortable we've ever slept in. I think it's a shame that they only had tea and coffee in the suite. The standard room had an excellent shower, but no bath. The suite had a bath, but the shower wasn't great. Also in the suite you could pipe music or the T.V into the bathroom. There was a huge balcony/terrace, but unfortunately it was too cold to sit out on it.The staff were really friendly and helpful.We would love to go back!	
Nov 28 2005	Style comes with a price and The Zetter is cheap!	I recently visited The Zetter Hotel for two days. The hotel is located at the fashionable district of Clenkerwell which, in fact, is NOT near any of the attractions of London. The tube is conveniently located a few blocks away, although, in the middle of the night, the streets surrounding the area are empty and look a bit creepy. The lobby of the Zetter is nothing special and is small. We were kindly walked to our rooms. The space is very reduced and even the elevator is tiny. Decoration is rather claustrophobic (red carpet in the stairs, black elevator etc.). Our rooms (214 and 314) were very, very small. Even by European standards (and I am European), those rooms were tiny! We could hardly walk around the bed and the closet was minuscule. There is a desk full of things (the minibar is basically set up on it!) and there is hardly space to work. The TV is hanging on the wall and is flat. The screen is no more than 15 inches. Since the TV is powered through a computer it can be rather noisy at night and we had to disconnect the whole thing. The bed was extremely comfortable and clean, all in white. There are at least 8 switches to control the illumination at the room, some of which are useless (unless you want to have --- all night! -red light, for example-). The hot water bag is not a nice detail... (I would not put my feet on a bag that 200 people have used before me). The bathroom was very clean although was lacking in bathroom amenities (no hand soap, for example). Again, it was tiny. Check in and check out was without any remarkable problems.The best touch? A cappuccino machine at the entrance of the room. Very nice detail indeed! I would recommend this hotel to people that have been to London before and want a clean hotel without spending a fortune and that understand that the price comes with the inconvenience of location. Compared to other design hotels (Sanderson, Saint Martin's Lane), I think this hotel lacks lots of things and overdoes some others (lighting for example).	
Nov 28 2005 	Can't say enough good things about the Zetter	A funky, hip place that is a refreshing change from the usual stodgy London hotels. My room was small but clean and comfortable with a good view. I loved the in-room music selection as well as the modern bathroom and ultra-cool shower (possibly the best I've ever experienced). The restaurant is good but a bit overpriced for what you get -- there are a number of alternatives nearby. Staff will store your luggage for the day. The hotel is a short walk from the nearest tube station. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 22 2005	A lovely night in a lovely hotel!	I spent a long time trying to find a London hotel to spend a romantic night with my girlfriend. We were booked into a standard room at the K-West but after reading some of the tripadvisor reviews I changed my mind. I also phoned K-West and was less than impressed with the attitude of the receptionist.My girlfriend came across The Zetter while searching for a restaurant to host her christmas party so I looked at the reviews and took a glance at the website. The place looked perfect so I called to make a booking. The lady I spoke to was very friendly and told me there were only a few remaining rooms, one that looks onto St. John's square and a Deluxe Studio, the best room in the hotel. I went for the studio!We arrived at the hotel around 2:30pm, check-in was 2pm but the room was still not ready so the staff were very apologetic and we were offered complientary drinks at the bar. I must add, the restaurant, bar and staff are lovely. 15 minutes later, we were handed to key to room 503 and up we went. The room is quite small compared to similarly priced European hotels, as we expected. It is split into two levels with wardrobe, bathroom and front door on the lower level as you walk in and bed on the top level. The far wall is all glass, looking onto the large balcony with nice views over the surrounding city. Very romantic. As advertised, there are thousands of songs which can be played through the TV and piped into the bathroom. A range of films are available, 4 of which are free at weekends. You are also provided with a DVD player and internet. The bed is very comfortable, it is also a 'Freshbed'! I believe this regulates the temperature of your bed, keeping you comfortable all night long.we ordered dinner and breakfast through roomservice, both reasonably priced and delicious! The service was prompt and polite. I really couldn't fault the staff one bit!The only problem we found was that the bath plug did not seal properly so we could not run a bath without the water running out. However, as a result, we were not charged for any of the mini-bar.We left the hotel feeling refreshed, relaxed and very happy! We will be returning to The Zetter.	
Nov 8 2005	Hip but cosy	I stayed here with my boyfriend one Friday and we loved it. Let's start with the bar. It was small but relaxed and not at all busy for 8pm on a Friday night considering the area. The room, again was small but perfectly formed with a fantastic selection of free music to listen to and the beds there are amazing. The staff are attentive and friendly. We needed painkillers for our heads in the morning and room service were happy to oblige us by running to the local petrol station (which incidentally is 5 mins walk and equipped with most essentials). We had breakfast in the morning and I recommend the full english (for him) and the scrambled eggs (for her). It wasn't that cheap at £15 for the full works but it was extremely filling. When the guy calculated the wrong amount for breakfast and we queried it, he happily, and without fuss, removed the offending amount and even knocked a bit extra off (he charged us for a small pot of tea instead of a large). There are some excellent bars in the vicinity and some of the best clubs in London. This is a great value hotel in an excellent location. Enjoy your stay.	
Oct 19 2005 	A Ninja Stole My Wife	Stayed three nights in October in a 4th Floor St John's Square Room.The Gatwick connection to Farringdon via Thames Link trains is excellent. The hotel is then a 5-minute walk once you exit the tube station.Arriving around 10am, I was able to check in early and start enjoying the room and hotel. First off, the bed: King size, firm and equipped with super soft and cosy bedlinen and 4 crisp, luxurious pillows.A generous amount of natural light was supplied by the large windows overlooking the square (two of which could easily be opened). Artifical lighting could be altered to create different atmospheres - including a soft rosy glow effect.The working space was on the minimal side - the desk arranged for this purpose having to compete with drinks, snacks and various papers.Storage was also slightly inconvenient and I could have used more space.As has been said before, the shower is heavenly. The cocktails also: particularly recommend: &quot;Last Night a Ninja Stole my Wife&quot;.Service-wise, I felt that the front desk was competent and friendly but perhaps lacking experience.Overall, I would rate my stay as extremely positive and would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 2 2005	The Lovely Zetter	Had a great stay at this hotel. Very near to two clubs Fabric and Turnmills. Very new and modern. Made a change from the normal snobby second rate hotels.Loved it	
Sep 13 2005	The best shower in London!	I stayed at the Zetter recently (I normally stay at Sanderson). I thought it was fantastic. I got a great rate through Tablet Hotels, by the way! They offer great service for the price - the room is limited (no baths) but what they do provide is very good (the best shower in London). The staff were very helpful and great all round.	
Aug 8 2005	A great hotel (and I am picky)	I am in London on a regular basis and have stayed in many sorts of hotels. Many are in my opinion overpriced and unattractive. My wife and I stayed at the Zetter for a weekend in July and it was a very pleasant surprise. We got a special rate of £110 for a double room. The hotel is in the buzzing (and now trendy) Clekenwell area which is on the rim of the financial district. There are many bars and restaurants in the area. (Try the top floor of nearby Smiths for an upmarket meal with view over the City). The West end is a ten minute taxi ride away. For shopping in Kings Road, Knihtsbridge etc you are probably looking at twice that (or more?). The tube is nearby (but we avoided it due to the recent bomings). The Zetter is a modern designerhotel. I am not s huge fan of that type of hotel but this really works. Rooms are small but clean and well equipped in terms of pc, internet etc. Nice thick bedlinen, real duvet etc..Really great and proactive service (which is rare in London). Steamiron, adapter, blowdrier...it was all brought quickly when we asked for it. Downstairs there is a bar/restaurant/cafe which is light and spacious. We didnt eat there but we had english breakfast in bed both mornings and it was the best I've ever had. There is no minibar but a well stocked vending machine on each floor as well as an espresso machine/tea maker. I can recommend this for tourists and even for business travellers. Sure beats coughing up &gt;£150 for an impersonal hotel machine from the &quot;leading brands&quot;.	
Jul 9 2005	great place to stay a bit far from the action	Loved the room, very fun and modern though small, clean and comfortable, asked for a quiet room off the street, fourth floor looking over a small plaza, so quiet i kept my windows open all night and heard nothing. two blocks to a good tube station, only problem was it's not near anything, very dead at night; but only a quick, six pound cab ride from soho or two pounds on the tube.	
Jul 5 2005	Funky comfortableRelaxing	I stayed at this hotel for one night on the 2nd of july 05. Booked it as a birthday suprise for my boyfriend the rooms are funky yet very comfortable. The lighting is especially nice and perfect for a romantic weekend away. The area is great just near old street where there are loads of clubs and resturants which are only a bus ride away. I would recommend this to any one, but particulary couples.	
Jun 29 2005	Great hotel	Stayed at the Zetter over a weekend. The hotel lobby is small but impressive on entry and check in was swift and our room was ready, even though we arrived a couple of hours before check in. The room was small but very nice. The bed and pillows were the best and it was a shame we were in London to see a gig in Hyde Park and sightseeing, otherwise could've been tempted to stay in bed the whole time. We got a free paper in the morning too.The bathroom was great, though the shower not as powerful as I would've liked. Great free toiletries and fluffy towels. The hairdryer is hidden in the bottom of the wardrobe/hanging space if you start to panic. We had a room on the third floor that overlooked Clerkenwell Road and was not really disturbed by traffic noise.The area is buzzing on a Friday and completely different come Sat/Sun when all the businessmen have gone home. Great bars/cafes etc in local area - really not like being in London.Don't look at a street map like me and think it's not far from St Pancras station - it was a good 1/2 hour walk!	
Jun 16 2005	Fun but with some oddities	I was just at the Zetter on business. Stayed in a standard room on the 4th floor. I recommed a high floor as the noise from the bar can get loud. Thought the room was great, especially the free water as I have stayed at hotels that charge 10 dollars for the water in the room.I booked the spring pamper package at £165/ night. This includes a contintental breakfast, a 30 minute foot massage, a free movie and a free 1 day travelcard. Unfortunately the travelcard was issued for the day I checked in - and I checked in at 10pm - so it was not much use. (Nor would it be to anyone as check in is in the afternoon!!) The movie selection was 4 - and the most recent was Cinema Paradiso - the others being from the 1950s. I didn't choose any.The foot massage rocked and was really an hour so I gave a huge tip. The breakfast is a weird thing. Almost everything on the menu is cheaper than the &quot;continental buffet&quot; - which is pastries and cereal. Order a real breakfast - they are MUCH better!I had breakfast, lunch and dinner there and they were all very nice.The WiFi is a racket though. I walked all over the hotel trying to get a stable connection - which is £15 a day. The problem is, it is actually from 12 pm to 12 am, so if you need to log in in the morning and at night you pay £30!! I complained and said I had even had someone up to my room because the connection was so bad, so they took off the extra £15.Be sure to check your bill. I was charged for breakfast everyday even though it was included in my room rate.The staff are very nice and it is very clean. Great if you need to be in the City area of town. My door had a strange problem that it made a weird clicking noise like someone was trying to open it, every 15 minutes, which made sleeping a bit of a challenge, but I got used to it after a few days.The beds are great. I agree they need bathrobes. Like the nice hot pink indirect lighting and modern decor. All in all, a pleasant experience, but with a few quirks. You can't beat the price, though!	
May 2 2005	Zetter rules	Just returned from a weekend trip to London. Staying at the Zetter was fabulous. Stayed at rooftop studio room. View over London was magnificent. Room's contemporary decoration stunning, everything was clean and somehow hip. Lots of lovely details, for example a free Time Out magazine waiting for us. Service was really good everywhere. Hotel even managed to get us vip-tickets to Fabric club for friday night. Eating one night at the hotel restaurant was a good choise. Food was plain, modern and yet traditional italian style. Really good. Two people eating and the bill was just £ 100. I think it is a reasonable price for good food and service.Over all - a really good experience.	
Apr 8 2005 	Trendy 	Stayed here in a standard double room for 4 nights which was very comfortable, although it would have been cramped for 2 people. I loved the room lighting and the music selection. The bed was very comfortable with luxury linen. The wardrobe was very small so not great for longer stays. The bathroom was modern with a large walk-in shower, but no bath. The toiletries are a bit limited-no body lotion- and there is no bathrobe. I asked for a quiet room and was given one overlooking St John's Square which was great. Free tea/coffee are available on each floor by the vending machines. There is a dvd player and internet access (very expensive-why do hotels make you pay for 24 hours internet when you just need 2 hours in the evening!). The location is OK if you've been to London before or have business in the financial district, but I wouldn't recommend for first time tourists as it is away from the main attractions.	
Mar 22 2005	Excellent night out at The Zetter	I stayed at The Zetter recently with a small group of friends. We loved the rooms and the restaurant, which are stylish without being off-putting. It was great to be able to drink, eat and sleep in the same place. The food was lovely, and well priced for both dinner and breakfast. Staff were accomodating and personable. I believe they hope to introduce al-fresco dining on St John's Square, which will be lovely in the summer.	
Mar 11 2005	Met expectations 100%	Being young and of limited means, we were reluctant to drop the cash for a high-end hotel. But we decided we don't get to London often enough to waste our time sleeping in a generic tourist hotel obtained through Priceline (our usual source for hotels). After reading about the Zetter in the NYTimes, it sounded like the right blend of boutiquey-ness and off-the-beaten-track neighborhood that we were looking for. And the price would stretch our budget but not blow it. So we reserved a St. John's Square Superior room at the weekend special rate, and it gave us an extra element of our trip to look forward to.We felt it was worth every penny. The bed was very comfy and clean. The fixtures were funky, from the colored lighting to the square sink (a bit too close to the wall for me to lean over while brushing my teeth, but I'll forgive the designer that flaw). Internet access was an expensive additional charge, but we appreciated that we could hook up our laptop by ethernet cable or wireless OR use the in-room computer, which serves multiple duties as an internet terminal, television, jukebox, internet radio receiver, and movies-on-demand system. There was a random but interesting collection of old books and magazines to browse on the shelves. We were also thrilled to find a copy of the current issue of Time Out London waiting for us. As New Yorkers, we rely on our local edition of the T.O. franchise for finding fun, and buying a copy was going to be our first task after checking into the hotel. Scratch that one off our list!Still, this is not a luxury hotel. Don't expect to be waited upon or addressed by name. There is no doorman, and after hours you have to use your key to get into the lobby or up the elevator (although there was always somebody at the desk). There is no room service, only a vending machine with snacks and the convenience store at the gas station around the corner (which the front desk had no pretenses about recommending). Yet the folks at the front desk were friendly and helpful, and when we found some used coffee cups that the maids must have missed, they sent someone right away to fetch it and give us fresh water bottles. The water (one bottle still, one sparkling) was drawn from the hotel's own well! Very cool.In the neighborhood were a number of interesting decent restaurants with a crowd about our age (mid/late-20's). The restaurants were nothing to write home about, but we enjoyed eating and drinking surrounded by locals from the neighborhood rather than the tourist throngs who dominate other parts of the city. We didn't hear a single American accent anywhere in the neighborhood while we were there, which was exactly what we were looking for. We skipped the Zetter's own restaurant, because the prices were a bit higher than what we were looking to spend.All-in-all we were very happy with our stay. If you're looking for a spacious room or doting service or ultra-luxury, this is not your place. But if you want a hip and funky place that gets the basics right with some unique touches, I'd definitely recommend the Zetter. And I'd definitely consider going back for business or pleasure.	
Jan 1 2005	Funky and friendly		
Nov 15 2004	great looks - decent price - good neighborhood		
Nov 15 2004	First Time in London		
Nov 15 2004	It Felt Like Home		
Oct 27 2004	A disappointment		
Oct 13 2004	good for singles		
Sep 29 2004	small rooms but v hip		
Jun 6 2004	Chic stylish great location and not too expensive... what more do you want!?		
Jun 4 2004	two thumbs up a memorable experience		
Jul 15 2009 	Rien à redire		
Nov 20 2007 	Hôtel branché hors des sentiers battus		
Aug 9 2007	Enfin un hotel londonien trendy dans l'est!		
Apr 4 2007 	Schönes Hotel!		
Jan 10 2006	Sehr stylish und netter Service		
