	Convenient London City Hotel	Well located about 2 minutes walk from the Tower of London and 30 seconds from Tower Hill Underground Station and 1 Minute from the Tower Gate DLR Station. If the Circle Line is in operation, which it hasn't been most weekends, then the hotel is well located for all of London. The room we had overlooked the train line but we never heard anything. My wife is a very light sleeper and she never had an issue. The bed was comfortable, the room was large and so was the bathroom, with a good shower. The staff were helpful enough, but not that friendly, probably owing to their limited grasp of English in some cases.Continental breakfast was included, it was basic but of a good quality. The toast was a bit of a let down, put out in a basket pre-made, so it was a bit cold. Apart from that everything else was good. Didn't eat in the hotel for dinner. There are plenty of other places around including a few nice places at the Marina near Tower Bridge.	
Nov 20 2009 	Expensive and needs refresh	Stayed here on Nov 16. Room rate of £300 for the night excluding breakfast. Huge room which included a sitting area. However the bathroom was tiny - nowhere to put my bag of shaver etc. The sitting area did not have a television nor could you see the one in the bedroom from the sitting area. There was no mini bar in my room either although one of the myriad of pieces of furniture did have space for one. The room itself badly needed a refresh. Hotel itself is nice and very centrally located but for £300 you expect more.	
Nov 17 2009 	Spacious Hotel but in no way deserving 5 *****	When you book 5* and pay for 5* you expect high standards. This hotel does not deserve the high rating. They look after the reception which is very nice along with the bar, but you are not living or sleeping in the lobby. The room is large but not clean at all, the cleaners even knock on the door and wake you up early (I suppose this is to finish earlier). Stayed for one night and checked out the next day. I suggest staying at the newer hotel The Grange in St Pauls.	
Nov 17 2009 	lovely hotel spacious room .great pool great views and location	WOW this hotel was a surprise. It was so perfectly located with fantastic views over the Tower of London. We had booked a cheapie and got a lovely room with a little lounge area. A quick 24 hour London trip from the North to see a great exhibition - Anish Kapoor at the RA- it was fun and definitely worth travelling to see - we managedto get Tate Modern in and a walk around the tower of London and across Tower Bridge, down the south bank to Bankside and the Tate, great stuff.But we had a fantastic time at the hotel - it had the best pool of many hotels I have been in - 25 metres !! and it was so quiet. And this is EC1. Highly recommended	
Nov 4 2009 	A room with no view... but extremely spacious	As we asked for a spacious room where we would be able to move around with a wheelchair, we expected a nice double room. What we got, was a 17 meters x 12 meters large suite and a bathroom with a real large bath, 3 tubs and separate shower. During our stay from Friday thru Monday we kept the curtains closed, as the view was an big office and a railway station. The room was absolutely sound proof and we slept like a log. The continental breakfast was absolutely great and we have never seen during a hotel breakfast so many personnel. The personnel was very courteous with no exception. In the weekend one has to pay an extra BP 8. On Monday morning all cooked English breakfast ingredients were available without extra charge.The TV set in the suite was rather poor. Just a simple small TFT screen which was far too small to look at from the bed. The airco was good, both cold and warmer. The quality of the bed and other furniture was excellent.The hotel is hidden just behind the underground station Tower Hill. We found out that this station is unaccessable for wheelchairs, so - once we arrived on the station - we could not exit!!!! We had to travel further to Westminster Station to exit the underground and take a bus. The rest of our stay in London we only utilized buses.Whenever we will visit London again, we will certainly book one of the Grange hotels.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel and good spa and pool	I stayed at this hotel having booked online. Our room was upgraded so I don't have much to offer on the the standard rooms, save that they seem to have a good specification and if they were a quarter of the standard of the room we stayed in they are fantastic.The hotel itself is clean and very well decorated. The spa has some good deals though overall is a bit pricey for the standard treatements. The hotel pool is by far the best I've seen in a hotel I've stayed in being a full 25m long (according to the hotel literature - I didn't measure it but it looks that way).The staff are good though we found the check in and check out a little slow. The one time we had to ask staff to come to the room they did come very quickly.Overall the hotel is very good and is in a fantastic location for the City/Tower Hill area and the price we paid seemed a very reasonable rate for the standard and location.	
Oct 26 2009 	Location Location Location	Stayed for 2 night Fri/Sat in October. The hotel can boast an excellent location only 30yards walk from Tower Hill Tube, 20 mins from kings Cross. 5 mins walk from Tower of London, 5 mins London Bridge! This is an upmarket safe part of London.The booking in procedure was easy, staff were polite and professionalThe first room we were given was 423 this backed onto Fenchurch train station and we could see the platform from our window only 50 feet away. The windows were triple glazed however at 6.50am i could here bing bongs and train announcements. I spoke to the concierge and was moved with no fuss to the 10th floor, this room was much quieter and had a better view than of a train platform. The continental breakfast was nice and restaurant staff were excellent, i would use this hotel again especially the swimming pool, 2 x saunas, jacuzzi bath, and steam room !!!!	
Oct 23 2009 	NICE HOTEL	Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in October. The hotel is very smart and the check in was fantastic, ladies on reception were as friendly as I have had anywhere. Room was very well appointed but also quite small. We did not stay for breakfast as we found an Italian Deli round the corner that did great food and it was fairly cheap. Hotel breakfast was £17.50 each so we didn't bother.On first night we had a meal in the Japanese restaurant which was ok, but I would not eat there again. Much better to walk over tower bridge and turn right where there are a few restauarnts and bars etc and it's a nice walk.We tried to get into Jamies Olivers 15 restuarant which is a short taxi ride but it was fully booked.Location is very good as yo have the DLR, Tube and Fenchurch St station on your doorstep.Taxi from Kings Cross to hotel was £10 (you can easily get there on the Tube though if you prefer).All in all for £200 it was very good value - recommended.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice hotel good location	I stayed at Grange City Hotel for four nights, had a good deal from lastminute.com Top Secret Hotels. The hotel is in a great location, near to the Tower Hill underground station and of course to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. I had a Superior Room (which is - if I understand correctly - their standard room). The room was facing towards the Fenchurch Street railway station, but you could hear no noise from outside (however see comment below from the noise inside). Bed was big and comfortable with plenty of pillows. There was enough space in the room for one person with not too much of luggage, and the bathroom was ok as well. The rate did not include breakfast and as the normal rate for breakfast is quite expensive, I had my breakfast outside of the hotel. There is for example a Weatherspoon pub serving nice breakfast close to the hotel. While the hotel is nice enough, I would not pay the normal rate for it. However, I was in London for sightseeing, and did not e.g. use the spa, which was included in the room rate.As a summary:+ good location+ nice, comfortable rooms+ extra plus for meeting couple of my personal expectations: good overall lighting in the room and a paper basket in the room (not only in the bathroom) - may sound funny but comes from longer periods spent at hotels in business trips.- My door was left open by the staff one day. Nothing was missing, but still not very pleasant. They were very apologetic and said it was the first time this has happened.- Paper thin walls. You could hear everything from your neighbours from sneezing to the 3 am fights (my tip to that girl is that ditch the guy; no one deserves to be talked to like that)	
Oct 11 2009 	One of the better hotels in the area	Having had a terrible stay at one of their competitors in the area (see Tower Guoman), I decided to give this one a try. Nice sized rooms for London, and the bathroom was fine. Breakfast was included in my price and it was indeed hearty--I could not finish it and had fruit left over which came in handy mid-day! The halls are a bit narrow and the lobby is nothing special, but how much time did I spend in the lobby or hallway? When I go back to London again on business, this is where I am staying. I found it just a bit pricey, but my company paid, and for what you get it is a pretty good value, considering other hotels in the area.One thing I found exceptional--when I questioned the £2 newspaper charge, they quickly removed it after I said I had not requested a newspaper. I know for a fact this would not have happened at the Tower Guoman (see my review!). Little things like this will keep me coming back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Service	I stayed at this hotel just one evening to catch a flight to Luxembourg. I stayed here only because my regular hotel nearby was fully booked. Upon arrival I was asked if I ever stayed at the hotel before – no. Well then, said the clerk, we will upgrade your room. My ‘upgrade” was in one of the penthouse suites – physically huge with multiple televisions, a kitchen, etc., etc., etc. More fantastic was that the suite had an unblocked view of the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge. I only wished I could have stayed her longer. Maybe next time...	
Sep 29 2009 	Fabulous hotel amazing veiws soo quiet.	Had a brilliant nights sleep, shower was amazing. Room service took half an hour to cook a pizza and chips! Upgraded my friends and my bed rooms as it was my 21st birthday. Cannot fault the cleanliness. Reception needs to have more staff on as took 10 mintues to get checked in, and the concierge kept direct people in front of us.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good location but if you want breakfast have a big wallet	This hotel is in a good location near to the Tower of london.The room size was very large but the bed was a pull down and it felt like it was shaped like half a hula hoopa - not a good night's sleep. The temperature control on bath water came off in my hand when I tried to adjust it. There was lots of storage in the room and it was really a nice room but the bed let it down. Also several drawer handles were broken.The rate was room only and if you wanted breakfast it was an astoudning £23.00 per person!!! Fortunately Wetherspoons was a 50 yard walk and we had a lovely breakfast for £3.99. Reception staff were mainly foreign but pleasant enough. Would not stay at this hotel again because of food prices.	
Sep 26 2009 	Service levels I would expect at a 3* hotel not a 5*	Nice enough room and hotel, they have spent a lot of money on creating it, but the design doesn't work.Hotel staff are very friendly, but not experienced at a 5* hotel service. Every request seemed to be answered with a request for bank details or credit card number as it would need to be charged. I left a small camera charger in the room and asked for it to be put in a taxi so I could pay the other end, they wouldn't do that and said they would need my bank details and then they would post it to me.Also phone calls VERY expensive from the room and mobile phone reception was terrible in the hotel so had no choice. About £30 for around 5 mins of local in European calls.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice hotel very comfy bed tiny bathroom	We booked the hotel on lastminute.com on their 'top secret hotels' deal (&quot;5 Star Hotel near Tower Bridge&quot;) so got a very good price (£230 for a double room for 2 nights, room only). We did end up in a fairly small room (room 111), but then again, you probably get what you pay for, so we didn't mind too much. The bed was extremely comfy (and massive - US style king), had lovely Molton Brown toiletries, and hotel was very nice and located just yards away from Tower Hill tube stop, or 5-10 mins walk away from Aldgate. Our only gripe was that the bathroom was literally tiny - we could barely get in the door! For a short stay, it didn't really bother us massively. Would stay here here again if we got a similar price again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Perfect location- Just loved it! Tube and Tower next door...	We were travelling with our children 17 and 21, who are spoiled with great hotels. But they absolutely loved it. We got two adjecent rooms, lovely decoration, and my daugher and I used the training facilities, very big, but somewhat male oriented. The spa and huge pool gave us a good morning start, as we head of to see London, from the Tower station - right next to the hotel. Breakfastbuffet was the best we have had for long- and not so fattening - If you want that, take the English breakfat instead.We also went to &quot; the the medival Banquet &quot; an event with with costume klad actors and dinner in the London underground- Next to the tower. That was why we took this hotel -Easy to get back after the show. But you have to be in a good mood to join in the party. Only parking was a problem - a few walk minutes to parking house.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great hotel ex service	Just had 2 nights at the Grange hotel with 2 friends. fantastic hotel rooms are clean and in excellent condition. We had a supieror room which also has a small setee and 2 comfortable chairs for entertaining . Staff are superb very friendly and helpfull couldn't do enough for you. The spa etc is very good great service and the full English breakfast is good value. It is in a very convienent position 100m from the tube and just across from the Tower of London. I'v been to lots of good hotels in London but this was one of the best overall. Only thing i can moan about is that they should provide free internet and wirless. WE paid £345 per room for 2 nights inc breakfast and free 30 min masage	
Aug 29 2009 	Loved it!	I went here for 3 nights with my girlfriend to celebrate my 40th. When I booked I requested an upgrade if possible as it was a special occasion. When we arrived the friendly reception staff confirmed I'd been upgraded to an Executive room, which was just great. The room was very spacious with sofas, desks, Bose radio, spacious bed. It was nice and quiet and the hotel location was great for us to go off and explore Butler's Wharf, Surrey Quays etc. The hotel pool was lovely and there was a great jacuzzi, sauna, steam room and aromatherapy room (didn't use the latter) - all very nice to use after long days on our feet. On the last day we even got the red carpet treatment outside the hotel....except it wasn't for us; the England cricket team stayed there after winning the Ashes. Would definitely love to go again.	
Aug 25 2009 	fantastic location	the hotel itself is fantastic,location was great,we booked the room online via grangehotels.com for 92 pounds a night which was great cause the hotel has a swimmingpool,wel when we arrived the front desk staff were very efficient and friendly,were were offered an upgrade to an executive room for £35 by one of the member(abu) looked like he was running a smooth shift,wel we took the upgrade and the was really grateful,the brekfast was nice and healthclub fascilities was fantastic,we had romantic night at this hotel and was very special.i think this is probably the best 5star hotel in central london.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great place to stay for a week-end get away!	We stayed here for the week-end at the start of August as we were attending a family wedding not too far away. We got a great deal on the room and were not disappointed. The room was clean and very comfortable with good facilities. As the hotel is still new the bathroom was great! Although the glass doesn't stretch very far on the bath so after 2 of us showering the floor was soaking...slight oversight on the design there.Only one strange event...we were in our room until about 1.30pm so house keeping couldn't make up the room - no problem there, completely understandable. However, we returned in the early hours of the next morning to find that the bathroom had been semi cleaned and the bedroom not touched at all. The toiletries were half replenished and the towels changed...but there was a cleaners sponge still in the sink! It was very bizarre - maybe the cleaner just got bored half way through and couldn't be bothered with cleaning the rest?!! Anyway it didn't really matter to us and we checked out the next day.There was a slight error on the bill - but this was handled well by reception.Overall we had a great stay and it's in a fantastic location.	
Aug 22 2009 	Nice Hotel	Nice hotel with a grand entrance foyer. The room was nice and there was ample tea/coffee and two double beds that were comfortable. The breakfast was plentiful and very tasty - we had the continental as it was included. The cheapest price was directly with the hotel.Some of the staff were not as friendly as they could have been, and they mistakenly said that I had stayed there before (as a couple), which could have raised some awkward questions from my girlfriend. I thought this was somewhat unproffesional.	
Aug 17 2009 	Stunning hotel good location	We booked this hotel as we were going to see a concert at Wembley and as we both work in the City, it was easy to get to and right next door to Fenchurch Street station (so easy for us to get home the next day). This was booked through LastMinute.com and we only paid £85 for the room. We arrived at the hotel at 1.15pm and the receptionist (a very friendly man called Greg) informed us that not only was our room ready, but that they were upgrading us to a suite. The room was ENORMOUS! Absolutely beautiful decor and even though our room looked out onto offices, it was very peaceful and didn't hear the trains at all at Fenchurch Street. Unfortunately we didn't spend that much time there because we were going to the concert, but I wouldn't hestiate to stay here again as the hotel was amazing. We just had a room only, but be aware that the breakfasts cost £20 each, so we decided to go somewhere cheaper!	
Aug 15 2009 	Great facility run by incompetant people.	This is the email I sent to Grange City Hotels after my stay... &quot;To Whom it may concern,  I wish to write you to tell you about my most recent stay in London June 27th. I usually stay at Le Meridien on Picadilly Circus, but I wanted to be closer to The Tower this time, so I booked a night at The Grange on Cooper's Row. Even before arriving, I was very impressed with the facilities and with the room furnishings, as well as the rates. Neither of these impressions changed when we arrived (my wife and mother were with me).  Over the next 24 hours, a few things happened (or didn't happen) that have soured my opinion, and all but guaranteed that I won't be returning. Here, in no particular order of importance, is my list:  1. We arrived from the airport at about 9 am, far to early to check in (as we expected), but we wanted to drop off our luggage so that we could explore the town. The front desk check in was handled smoothly, efficiently, and professionally. I was very impressed. However, when we went to leave our bags with the porter/concierge, there was a delay. Apparently, it is your procedure to tag each piece of luggage with an identification tag. These tags are hand written. We had 8 bags/items, so it took awhile for this to be completed. Afterwards, I tipped the porter. I was expecting that those bags would be delivered to our room once it was ready, but that did not happen. As a convenience for future patrons, I would consider making this part of the services offered. Also, to speed up the identification process, it would be a lot faster if you had a roll of stickers with two copies of each identification number. This way, the porter could simply apply one of the labels to each bag, and the duplicate label to some sort of receipt that you would give the customer. I believe this would cut a lot of wasted time out of the process. We left to go &quot;see the sights&quot; of London We returned about 4pm.  2. Upon reaching our room on the 4th floor, we noticed that there were only 2 sets of towels (even though we had clearly reserved the room for 3 people). We notified housekeeping and they quickly brought us another set. This might just be an oversight, or there could be a lack of communication between the reservation desk and housekeeping. You might want to check this out.  3. We wanted to get some ice, so we asked the operator if there were any ice machines. She said that there was one on every floor. After vainly searching for 10-15 minutes (including the 3rd floor and 5th floor), we started asking hotel employees and guests that we found in the hallways if they knew where the machines were. No one (including the employees) knew. We finally called down and had a bucket delivered to us. I still don't know (and neither do your employees) whether or not there is an ice machine on the 4th floor, and if there is, where? For the future guests, you need to let your employees know if you have ice machines or not, and if so, where they are located.   4. One of the reading lights by the side of one of the beds did not work (the bulb would flicker on and off, and then go dark). We alerted someone (I don't remember who we called, operator, housekeeping, or someone else), but it was never fixed. (Room 418 if you're interested). Since I don't remember who I called, or what happened after that, I can't make any recommendations on how to prevent the problem from happening again. We left to go see a show We returned late (about 11 pm)  5. Someone had rented the courtyard below our window (as well as a lot of other peoples' windows) for a &quot;Sweet 16&quot; party. As you can imagine, the noise from 25-35 excited 16-year-olds can be quite great. I called the front desk, and they said that the party would be going until Midnight. Let me try to describe how loud it was. With the window open, the excited screams, laughter, and conversation made it difficult to have a normal conversation. With the window closed, you could still clearly hear names of people, some conversation, most laughter, and all screams. With the window closed, the curtains closed, and the air conditioning blasting, you could still hear screams, names of people and laughter. Keep in mind, I am on the fourth floor. I don't even want to imagine what is was like for people below us. If someone had told me as I was booking the room, &quot;Sir, just so you know, dozens of excited teenagers will be partying under your window until at least midnight - precluding you from getting a decent night's sleep before your flight tomorrow&quot; I would have been grateful, and booked elsewhere. Instead, I paid a large amount to be sleep-deprived. If you continue to rent this courtyard out for parties, then future guests should be warned, or a 10pm curfew should be imposed.  6. Room 418 overlooks the courtyard, a section of old city wall, and not much else. Perhaps the higher floors are visible from elsewhere in the city, I don't know. There are several large bright spotlights that are in the courtyard shining on to the side of the hotel. If the hotel is visible from elsewhere, I could understand this, but I don't think it is. The lights illuminate the curtains, making the room &quot;less than dark&quot; throughout the night. For the sake of guests, as well as conserving energy, I would recommend removing the lights, or at least, turning them off after 10pm.   7. Wandering downstairs in a sleep deprived state, looking for breakfast, around 7am the next morning, we entered the Forum Restaurant for the breakfast buffet. Now, it could be entirely my fault, but at no point was I made aware of how much the buffet was going to cost. I did see (on a side menu on our table) that a &quot;full English breakfast&quot; was available for an additional fee of £8.95. Since the majority of the buffet consisted of fruit, toast, croissants, or cereal, I did not think it would cost that much. Certainly not as much as the full English breakfast. You can imagine my surprise when (still in a sleepy state) we went to check out and I found that our buffet was over £21 each. I realize that things are very expensive in London, but if you can buy a full English breakfast for £8.95, than surely, a plate of fruit, a croissant, and some juice should be priced the same or less, right? So, to sum up about the Forum, overpriced, and lacking pricing signage (I think). Also, on the buffet, the butter was molded into a floral pattern and stored on a bed of ice. It was pretty, but have you every tried to spread ice cold butter onto a croissant or piece of toast? You will end up ripping it to shreds.   8. I was told by the front desk, and the porter/concierge, that when we needed a ride to Heathrow, that we should let them &quot;book it&quot; as they can make sure that we get the best rate (a flat rate) of £65. We did so. When we got to the airport, the taxi driver said our bill was £67.95 plus a £2.00 booking fee. I explained to him that I was told it would be a flat fee of £65.00, but that didn't hold much weight. The meter verified his side of the bill, so I am not sure who is in the wrong here. What I do know is that it cost me an extra £2.00 because the hotel called him, rather than me walking out to either of the 3 other taxis waiting out front. What I don't know is whether or not the aforementioned &quot;flat fee of £65 to Heathrow&quot; actually exists, or is merely an unsubstantiated rumor (like the existence of ice machines on the 4th floor). Either way, like the ice machines, the staff needs to be informed as to the actual facts of the situation.  So, in summary, the actual hotel building is amazing and handsome. There are some training issues, and some procedures could be improved. I am getting ready to write a review for your hotel on the website I booked it through (Orbitz I think), and I am having a dilemma. I'm not really sure how to condense all I just wrote about to you into a short review, or whether or not the review will be a good one or not. Right now, I think I will just wait to hear your thoughts, and then write the review.&quot;Their response to my areas of concern were to either defend the policy in question, or to &quot;look into it further&quot;. The lights shining into the room, and the non-disclosed over priced breakfast buffet of fruit and toast for £21 really ticks me off. Booking the area right underneath the bedroom windows for screaming teenagers until midnight is inexcusable in a &quot;high end&quot; hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	GOOD LOCATION	Very near to the tower of London, Tower bridge etc. The hotel is all you would expect from this standard of hotel. Rooms well furnished with good quality fittings. shower very powerful with lashings of hot water. Staff very helpful and very well trained and polite, checking in and out a doddle.Our double room was a decent size. Our friends family room was very large.Minor gripes over looked train station, air con slightly noisy, boiled eggs at breakfast underdone. None of these points spoilled in any way our stay.Tip for ayone going down the river e.g to the eye try taking the water bus service just down the road from the hotel for a different way to travel. More expensive than the tube but a lot more fun.	
Aug 5 2009 	lovely hotel overlooking the Tower of London	We stayed here for about a week and other than a few problems we were happy with our choice. The beds and baths are great; our room looked out over the Tower and Bridge.As a matter of fact we stayed in the Penthouse for first 2 nights as we were late getting in and our room I guess had been given away.The staff were very nice and professional, however we had a problem with our bill at the end which was a bit unnerving. The Japanese restaurant was not up to snuff as reviews had indicated, but the breakfast buffet was great. They have a nice little pub that serves food til all hours although the food quality tended to go downhill come the wkd. There is a grocery store nearby and local pubs etc although it is a tube ride to the shops etc. Also a great gym but pricey 20 L for a daily visit, also internet was 12L /24 hours	
Aug 3 2009 	Not a 5 star	Well I booked and paid for this hotel for 5 days and regretted that I had done so. I arrived at my room, to find it looked straight into some office windows and no privacy at all. I asked for a better room and was told yes but it would be an extra 30 pounds a night, now I can see the people in the suites below, was told not to worry about it as no-one stayed in the them and the doors were opened by the maids. Funny that I was able to wave to a fellow guest. Some sort of sheer cutaining would solve the problem easily.Just got back to my room, tired and housekeeping had been, the bed was a mess there were bits on floor and the tables had not been cleaned. I called housekeeping and asked them to redo the room, the supervisor came up with the maid and told me that I have to understand the maids are human and maybe are rushed and tired. Call that 5 star. The supervisor made too many excuses about the job not being done. The supervisor had also walked into my room two days prior without knocking, when I questioned her about privacy, she said she knocked. Seems like the guest is wrong in this hotel.On checking in I enquired about internet services as was told that you are charged per day even if logged on or not. So I stayed logged in, only to find out the next day that this is not so and you are charged by usage.The first night I was here the smoke alarms went off twice and the airconditiong turned off and did not resume for hours. I must admit management put a note in the elevator the next morning saying sorry.In the four days I have been here, not once have I been greeted or smiled at by reception staff on my way in or out, just litte things.Room service, limited menu, but must admit the prawn mango salsa is devine, tried the risotto, not worth eating. Not having stayed in a London hotel for a while cant compare this, but after staying in Middle Eastern hotels for years this is not a patch on them.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great hotel!	The Grange City Hotel is a great place to stay London. The hotel is in terrific shape, and the rooms are luxurious and so quiet you'd think you're the only guests staying there. The location was ideal for us - a stone's throw from the Tower of London and just steps from the Tower Hill underground station. The concierge was very helpful, as were all the staff we encountered. We were very pleased with the Grange City and would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely comforable hotel	Booked for special occasion, so booked executive room and requested a view. Disappointed to be looking down on rooftops/Fenchurch train &amp; office block opposite. Asked reception for possible change, and they were very helpful in assisting. We were given a lovely room which looked over the Tower of London and the Thames. Breakfast is continential with an £8 supplement for full english (which was good). However, the service of restaurant staff at breakfast is not so good. We were stacking plates on the table and they just walked past and ignored. (For this reason we did not book an evening meal in restaurant)Access by tube no problem, but quiet area with not much going on apart from visiting the Tower of London. Takes about 20mins from Euston Square to Tower Hill on 1 direct tube (circular line)Getting back into West End involves a change at the Embankment or Temple (still only about 15-20 mins)Would go back, as hotel was lovely and comfortable. Expensive rates during the week, but they drop at weekends (&amp; weekend includes the price of continental breakfast) whereas weekdays you have to pay for this	
Jul 20 2009 	Luxury at its best	I have stayed here a couple of times and love it. As a surprise to my partner I upgraded to a deluxe room (only £80 more) which was literally the biggest room I have ever stayed in (it was 16 lunges from one side to the other!) Good leisure facilities (didn't get much time to use them) and free access to suite with huge tv, food, drink and PCs. Two minutes walk from Tower Hill station with DLR and Fenchurch Street very close. Absolutely amazing room service (I can personally recommend the club sandwich) and very attentive staff. Great views of the Tower of London if you stay on that side. Sure its a bit pricey, but well worth it. Only bad point is parking - yes there is on-street, but sometimes requires a long walk back to the hotel after you've found a space. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend or stay again - I can't wait!	
Jul 17 2009 	Nice hotel with a few glitches	My son and I stayed here for 5 nights recently. The hotel was lovely and the room clean and comfortable. The bathroom was pretty with a great shower and tub. We had a partial view of the Tower of London from the 6th floor. I booked this hotel because the rates dropped quite low on the weekends so it averaged out to a pretty good value. The pool and spa area were lovely but we didn't use them. The location was good in that it was one block from the Tower Hill tube station. On the other hand, there wasn't that much to do in the neighborhood, especially on the weekend. We had a few glitches in service:- lights in room didn't work the first evening, an electrician came and after an hour the problem was solved (and they gave us a bottle of wine for the inconvenience)- the hair dryer in the room didn't work and a note to housekeeping and a request from one employee did not result in any action. Philippe at the concierge desk got it taken care of right away.- taxi was ordered for our departure. We were told it would be a fixed rate to Heathrow but the cab driver didn't know that.The concierge employees were very friendly and helpful. They asked us how our adventures had been, chatted, etc. They really made the stay worth the money.	
Jul 15 2009 	Not good for special occasions	i stayed here in Feb for there valentines package with my partner, we had stayed here previous in Jan and loved the hotel, especially the gorgeous pool.However, upon return to this hotel we were not overally impressed. They told us we would recieve chocolates and a rose in our room. This was not in our room when we got here, the room itself was nice and the view was stunning.We called down to reception and they said they would bring it up after we had been down for dinner.We did so and enjoyed a nice meal (even if the waiter spilt champagine on my partner and all over the table so she had to move us) They say they are a 5* star hotel and yet they kept coming over to us every 5 mintues asking if the meal was ok and removing the bread or knifes and forks before we had time to finish.Once back up in room we had to ring again for the chocolates and rose by which time we had both lost intrest in. Eventually when it did it arrive it was the smallest box of chocolate and they were the same ones they use on the beds at night just with a heart on.Considering how much we paid for the package for one nights stay we were not impressed by service or what was included in the deal.We will not be returning to this hotel and i do not recommend you stay here for any kind of special occasion.	
Jul 12 2009 	What a fantastic hotel!	We stayed here only one night- but would definitely return! The staff was so helpful and accommodating. When we arrived and were told that our room would not be ready for another 10 minutes, they brought us complimentary lemonade. The concierge was wonderful, arranging transportation and giving recommendations. The room was nice- with a great view of the Tower of London. The pool was wonderful after a long day, and the spa looked nice, though we didn't try it. Breakfast in the morning was lovely- an assortment of yogurts, croissants, tea, fruit, cheese/meat, etc. And, the hotel is located half a block from the metro station.	
Jul 8 2009 	Oh Dear another hooky hotel	I found it quite amazing that a hotel that thinks it is FIVE star can order it's guests a car/limo from a company that has no license to trade. The car that picked up my client was not insured because it's driver and the company from which it was ordered are not PCO approved.Shahi Elite Chauffeur service is acting illegally from the Grange hotel group with the consent of the management.PLEASE MAKE SURE YOUR CAB, CAR OR LIMO HAS THE LICENSE IT SHOULD. IF IN DOUBT INSIST ON A BLACK CAB	
Jul 5 2009 	Great Location and Good Quality Hotel	I have just returned from a Fri - Sun stay at this hotel. It is ideally located as it is right next to Tower Hill Tube. It is within the business area of London therefore on the weekend there didn't appear to be any shops open nearby except those at Tower of London. This was only a pain when wanting late night munchies. We chose to order room service instead, there is a £2.50 tray charge which is not advertised at all. The hotel itself was very clean and comfortable and the rate we got booking direct through hotel web site seemed really competitive. The only issue with the hotel was the fact that not one of the staff spoke English as their first language. This was not an issue when dealing with most things like checking in and out but whenever we went to ask questions about travelling about London or advice on attractions it made for amusing conversation and us usually giving up and working things out ourself !! Breakfast was included and was ok however is a bit basic and they seem to struggle at weekend with the number of guests.	
Jun 22 2009 	Loved the Grange City Hotel	We stayed in a business executive suite with balcony. Balcony views were alright. Quick and easy check in. The room itself was lovely - king bed, sitting area, large bathroom. The staff were lovely. Continental breakfast was included which was delicious - crossiants, toast, cereal, fruit salad, juices, danishes, cold meats and cheeses. Upon check out we stored our bags at the hotel for the whole day which made site seeing much easier. Would happily stay here again. One thing to note - internet access is 5pound an hour or 12pounds for 24 hours.	
Jun 16 2009 	Fantastic weekend	We booked this hotel for our wedding anniversary as we had been here in march this year and had a great time.we were upgraded to a club room which was very spacious and comfortable and had a good view off the tower off london.Breakfast on the two mornings was very good the continental had a large choice off cereals, pastries and cold meats etc.on the sunday we had the english breakfast which was good value for money considering the price some hotels charge for this.I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Weekend break	After reading some of the reviews I was a little concerned as I had booked the hotel for my Husbands 50th birthday. I needn't have been.We checked in at 11.30 on Friday and didn't expect to be able to go to the room as paperwork stated not before 2pm.However, we were told a room was available and were upgraded to a lovely room with the most comfortable bed ever, and a lovely lounge/office area. The breakfast on saturday was good, we were down by 8am as we had been warned it could get busy at the weekend,but even when we left at around 9pm it was not full. Plenty of choice, cereal, fruit,pastries and croissants also boiled eggs, meats and cheeses. the staff were very polite and pleasant. It was lovely not to rush back home after seeing Billy Elliott,so for a weekend break I would recommend it.	
Jun 15 2009 	Completely dreadful service	There is nothing wrong with the actual hotel - it is very well-located and seems very nice. It is the staff and administration that ruined our stay. We were a group of 11 and had 5 rooms booked. The things that went wrong were:-1 We arrived at 11.30am to drop off our bags. We offered to do the check-in paperwork then accepting that the keys would not be ready so early. The girl on the desk started to do this but then said they were so busy could we do it later. We had no problem with this but when we complained later to the manager about room allocation this was held against us (see below!).2 We arrived back at 6 and needed to leave at 7. We again queued for half an hour to check-in. We were then told one room was not ready and they needed another 30 minutes. We explained that we had a restaurant booking and had to get ready. They offered us an executive double room rather than a twin double which was reluctantly accepted - it is not ideal to share a bed with someone you don't know that well when you have booked a twin double room for that reason. It also does seem rather late to still be servicing rooms.3 We had booked 5 rooms each with two double beds. In one room three of us were going to share and so we had to have enough room. We pointed this out when checking in and the girl said all the rooms had two double beds in (apart from the king room which we had accepted). We went to the room and lo and behold - two single beds. We went down and asked if someone else had our room in our party - she checked and said no all the rooms had two single beds. A change in stance there. In fact everyone had different rooms and only one of them would have slept 3. She said we could have a rollaway bed and we had been advised of the £40 charge - we had been but that was in addition to the 2 double beds if one of us had wanted to share. It was never our intention to use it as they are so uncomfortable. We reluctantly agreed to have the rollaway but refused to pay for it. It was the size of a small child's bed with a mattress an inch thick - lovely for a supposed 5 star hotel.When we all met up after rushing to get ready the 5 double rooms were:-One single twin with a rollawayOne double with an uncomfortable sofa bed One executive double as the room wasn't ready which was the same standard as a normal roomOne single twinOne massive room with two double beds, two sofas and a study!When we complained about the doubles/rollaway etc in the morning the duty manager said the trouble was we had checked in too late and our rooms had been reallocated. He didn't seem to care that we had wanted to check in at 11.30 and went away at their request. He was very unhelpful and said there was nothing he could do but ask someone to phone us this week.We came to the hotel for a stress-free getaway and this made us all very stressed. The reception staff were all very unhelpful and seemed to say what they thought you wanted to hear rather than the truth!The breakfast was very poor - hardly anything nice at the buffet. Last time everyone had a cooked breakfast included - it was extra this time so we declined. The tea had been made in a coffee pot and tasted very odd. The service was extremely slow.There were a couple of good points - one of our party had forgotten a toothbrush and reception put one in the room (but then wouldn't most hotels do this?) and the swimming pool staff were really friendly. Neither are particularly exceptional points but with such poor service elsewhere they were noticable.We were all very disappointed - especially those who had stayed before and had expected so much better. Apparently they are shortstaffed as lots of staff have left to go to a new hotel. It shows and I suggest you leave plenty of time to check in/out, drop off and pick up cases, have breakfast etc etc as nothing gets done with any urgency. And check in early as you may not get the room you booked.	
Jun 2 2009 	DEFINITELY NOT 5 STAR	I stayed at this hotel recently for one night at the end of a long working week in London. I was hoping it would be a relaxing bit of luxury. I arrived at around 11/11.30pm. I was left waiting at reception for about 10 minutes whilst 2 people manned the front desk. One dealing with another guest and the other totally ignored us. Not 5 star service. We were left waiting 10 minutes. It wasn't a very enjoyable stay. I got to the room and just collapsed on the bed to find the 2 pillows next to me had obvious stains on them. The bed was also covered in flint and crumbs. At this point I couldn't be bothered to complain as I was tired. I just put the cushions on the floor and brushed the bed down. I also tried to access the wireless internet with my ipod touch. The hotel had a page charging guests to use internet! I have stayed in many 5 star hotels internationally and this was the first where you were charged to use internet access wirelessly. Plus I had stayed at 2 other 3 star hotels earlier in the week and they both had free wireless access. I therefore called reception to speak about the room and the internet connection. One of the desk staff came to the room. I let him in and he was on a mobile phone and continued his conversation standing in the room for a few minutes. When he got off the phone he took one of the dirty and stained pillows, apologised, and then connected the internet for free due to the inconvenience. I had mentioned the room size and to be fair he did offer to change it, however, I declined as I didn't want to inconvenience the staff at such a late hour, plus I was just so tired.I did mention the issues in the morning at the desk when checking out. The only comment from the reception staff was that the issues would go on my record. I do not see how that would make any difference to me or acknowledge the issues. I hope review is not coming over as overly picky and aggressive. I am not a person who focuses on small negative things. However, this hotel advertises itself as a luxury 5 star hotel and my experience was not 5 star. The service, the lack of hygiene, the standard and the response to what were reasonable complaints were not what any reasonable guest would have expected of a luxury 5 star hotel. Paying a premium for a room should warrant better.	
May 27 2009 	Maybe its because I'm tired........	The hotel is very convienient for the city and Tower of London. The two minute walk from the Tower Hill tube station is ideal. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are very clean and tidy but too hot at night and unfortunately the aircon on the lowest setting was too noisy so I didn't get a good nights sleep which was further compounded when the delivery lorries rumbled up at 5:30am. Its a nice enough hotel but from experience there are better, cheaper alternatives around London.	
May 24 2009	Lovely hotel great service would return!	What a lovely hotel! I've just returned after a short stay there with my sister for a visit to London and cannot fault a thing. All the staff are friendly, polite, helpful and efficient - there is a really good atmosphere about the hotel, from the ease of check-in to the attention of staff at breakfast. Our room was lovely, spacious and comfortable with fantastic views of Tower Bridge/Tower of London and the Thames. The room and bathroom was spotless, with a generous supply of Molton Brown toiletries - lovely! We used the swimming pool and sauna/steam room facilities and were really impressed with the beautiful spa quality of the centre. I can't imagine anyone being disappointed with a stay at this hotel and I would definitely return! Compared to like-for-like with other hotels in central London, I think our room was a great price for a top quality hotel!	
May 20 2009 	consistant great hotel	stay at this hotel 2 times a year for business and it consistantly great.tea and biscuits daily in the am is great if you don't want to go out at 7am for a cupspa, business center and bar located in the facility and the place is centrally located for insurance/ financial businessthey go out of their way to accomodate	
May 17 2009 	Top hotel...Will be visiting again!	This hotel was excellent! We stayed here to go and see Hairspray and was very easy to get in an out of London. When we arrived we couldnt believe how nice the hotel was and how friendly all the staff were. We felt at home immediately! When we checked in our room was ready before check in time and got an upgrade to an executive room. We used the spa facilities and these were very clean and well looked after. Our room was beautiful. We ordered room service which arrived very quickly and the food was lovely! We wil deffinelty be going back to this hotel. The only down fall was that the hotel doesnt have parking but is only about 10 mins away and costs £2.50 per day.	
May 16 2009 	Great Location - More of a 4 Star	Easy ride from Gatwick. Location next to Thames and London Tower gives you something to do if your flight arrives before check-in.Staff is courteous. Breakfast is okay at best...I'd skip it and just walk down one block to Pret Manger, for a good cofee and assortment of pastry.Rooms were nice, good bed, decent bath, I had a balcony on the 7th which allowed a good view of Tower Bridge.If you are doing business in the Financial district I would stay here. Being next to the river gives you a good reference point, and the location is close to all of the touris stuff you will want to see as well. Average cab far was 10 pounds to Picadilly, Westminster etc, and 5 pounds to Bishopsgate in the center of Finance Distrcict. The Tower Hill tube station is adjacent to the hotel itself.Business center is pricey, but you may be able to negotiate this.	
May 11 2009 	Good Location decent 4 star not 5!	Location is excellent, a few metres walk to the tube at tower hill, also ideal for the tower of london. We also went to west end, which was an easy tube ride away. Very convenient location. We were upgraded to executive room on arrival as it was my husbands birthday and to be honest apart from it being a larger room than you would expect for London, it left me thinking, what was the standard room like. Bathroom good, nice powerful shower, good toiletries and useful mini-bar, if a bit on the expensive side. Bed comfortable, although i prefer a king and we struggled in a double, was a bit small when you are used to bigger. Decor is OK, bit tired, same with carpet, but i guess you don't go to admire the inside of the room.All staff helpful, buffet breakfast as expected we upgraded on the 2nd morning to a cooked breakfast but it was nice but not worth the extra money. We ate in the bar which was nice, good food and quick service. We drank in the bar too which wasn't too crowded at night, but the drinks are expensive, i had a baileys which was £4.50 and my husband a whiskey at £8. Beer and soft drinks were averagly priced.Leisure facilities, clean and useful, good sized pool.Only downside was that i felt i was ripped off on the price, they added VAT onto the room price which wasn't made clear to me, so we ended up paying about £130 a night, which i thought was expensive for what we got. They are not very clear on their policy on quoting prices excluding VAT when booking direct with them.So i would not return, just out of spite over the room cost, but then again i'd rather stay near another attraction next time. The novotel is next door, cheaper, gets reasonable reviews, so i'd probably go there.	
Apr 29 2009 	nice hotel but not 5 star	this is a 4 star hotel, certainly not 5 star as they advertise, never the less we really enjoyed our stay here. What is with the breakfast set up though? tables so close together you are practically sat on your neighbours lap! and the Thames water tea is yuk yuk yuk!!!I would stay here again though, loved being next to the Tower	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice Place!	This is a lovely hotel. The bar is really nice. It is not dead like some hotel bars. There is a bit of atmosphere! Rooms were spot on. Beds were amazing! So comfortable! The continental breakfast is everything you could want or you can upgrade to a fry for 8 pounds (i wouldnt see any need tho). It seems like a nice 4 star, not luxurious but something like a 4 star Marriott or Radisson. The location is fine. I was worried about being too far out but this really wasnt a problem! Recommended!	
Apr 26 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic! Great value superb service beautiful hotel!	I made arrangements to stay at this hotel with my husband as part of his suprise birthday present. what can I say, everything about our trip to this hotel was brilliant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would definately go back!	
Apr 25 2009 	Room was fantastic but the restaurant was a huge disappointment	The hotel is very impressive and the majority of the staff were extremely helpful. The room that we were given on the 11th floor had an incredible view of the Tower of London and was clean and very spacious. We were not happy that there was no water provided in the room, although bottles of water were available in the minibar at a cost. The most disappointing aspect of our stay was the meal in the hotel restaurant, however. Despite being almost empty, the service was poor and the food a disaster (we ended up sending our main course back because it was so unappetising and it was agreed that we wouldn't be charged). Overall, the stay was enjoyable but the meal spoilt what would otherwise have been a lovely evening.	
Apr 13 2009 	A superb find	Having recently used a lot of different hotels in London (sticking primarily to familiar hotels or airline card affiliated ones) I came across this one. Wow! There are too many plusses to list them all. 1. Staff (superb) special mentions- reception,room service and concierge.2. Leisure facilities are wonderful. Rooms large, well appointed and clean, bathroom great walk in power shower and seperate bath.This hotel certainly had an impact on me and i don't mean credit card wise. A lovely,lovely hotel and it's main asset,it's staff.Thank you Grange City, will be back for more of the same.	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at this hotel with my friend as part of a London Theatre break to see Hairspray. This hotel is excellent value for money. Located 2 minutes away from Tower Hill tube station on the circle line and just across the road from the Tower of London and London Bridge. Check-in was very smooth with helpful staff. Our room was on the 5th floor with views of the hotel's piazza which was nice. The twin room was large and airy with a good size bathroom. We had continental breakfast included in our package which was lovely and the restaurant it was located in was very nice. We did not eat a meal in the hotel but we ordered a snack from room service one night which arrived very quickly, was still hot and tasted great. The swimming pool was good and the jacuzzi was very welcoming for my aching feet after a long day pounding the streets of London! I have stayed at a Grange hotel before but this one would be my choice to come back to again. Had a fantastic time at the Grange City Hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Good business hotel great staff good leisure facilities	I stayed here for 3 nights while in London on business and found the hotel very good. I've stayed once before and wanted to ensure I stayed here both for it's location being only a 15 minute walk from the Bank area where I needed to go in the day and for the hotel itself.The staff are very good and check in was quick and easy. My room was a decent size with a decent size bathroom and powerful shower. The views out the window are of an office building but unless you pay for the views you don't expect much more around this kind of area.The breakfasts are very good though if I was paying for it myself I probably wouldn't be willing to pay £20 a time for breakfast no matter what they give me! Waffle's and pancakes both went down well though.The leisure facilities are in the basement and comprise of a beauty area which I didn't try out, a gym which looked decent but I didn't try either and a 25 metre pool. In the pool area there was decent size changing rooms and showers and in the pool area a sauna, steam room and spa all of which neatly decorated in some mock Roman theme.The bar has a large selection of whiskey's and the staff were friendly, I was however pretty appalled at the £6.50 for a single Gin and tonic!I had one meal there, a prawn risotto which was resonably tasty though nothing special. Note that in the area around the hotel it is very quiet in the evenings as it is more an office area so is better to head a bit further away if you want to find a busier bar/restaurant.Conciege were also helpful on the few times I required their assistance providing me with phone charger, toothpaste and left luggage service!overall a very good stay but not one if your on a tight budget!	
Mar 22 2009 	Lovely hotel helpful staff excellent room great value for money	The hotel really made our weekend stay in london special. The weekend break was my Christmas present to a good friend, which she mentioned as we booked in and a very nice man, Greg upgraded us. The room was really lovely, with everything you could want. The hotel is beautiful, the swimming pool, sauna, steam room etc. was great, and the staff were really lovely. My friend actually cried when we entered our room. I think this hotel is excellent value for money.	
Mar 4 2009 	Fab hotel	Stayed here last weekend, was husbands birthday and I mentioned this when we I booked so we were upgraded for free to an exec room which was really lovely and spacious. I'd booked a RO rate but were given complimentary breakfast as part of the upgrade too which was great. Staff were helpful, breakfast was good, its great value and the tube is just 2 mins round the corner (although that station was closed all weekend but not the hotels fault of course!!!). Highly recommended!	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent hotel highly recommended	We booked an executive twin room for a weekend, Friday to SundayThis hotel is in an ideal location for visiting the Tower of London. Tower Hill tube station is only a couple of minutes away. Just come out of the station and turn right and the hotel is just a few steps away on the rightWe arrived quite early, far too soon to be allocated a room but the nice friendly receptionist checked us in and we could leave our luggage at the hotel while we visited the Tower of London. We came back in the afternoon and were allocated a room on the 9th floor, Room 908We were delighted when we saw the room. It had a fantastic view over the Tower of London. The room had everything you could possibly need for a comfortable stay. It was spotless and everything worked perfectly. The bathroom was also spotless with lots of towels, a dressing gown and lovely Molton Brown toiletriesWe had dinner in the Japanese restaurant in the hotel on the first night and found the meal to be good value and very tasty. Unfortunately this restaurant was closed on the Saturday night but we had a meal in the bar, which was also very good. This hotel is in the financial district so lots of places around it are closed at the weekends. We came down for breakfast on the first morning to find a queue for breakfast but seconds after joining the queue, it was quickly dealt with by the staff who brought us to another part of the restaurant where continental breakfast was being served. The continental breakfast was really good. There was plenty of choices of cereal, croissants, pastries, fruit, yoghurt, cheese, cold meats, boiled eggs and toast. You certainly wont go hungry here!We used the swimming pool on one of the days and found the changing area and pool well looked after and spotless. Unfortunately I did not get time to use the spa or gymI have stayed in three other Grange Hotels and this is by far the best! I can honestly say that I could not find anything negative to say about this hotel. We found every single one of the staff to be pleasant and helpful. We really enjoyed our stay here and will certainly be returning. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to others	
Feb 22 2009 	Good value	I spent a night here, with a friend. On arrival we were impressed with the lobby and staff were helpful. They gave us a free upgrade, and we had a room on the 6th floor with a view of the tower (shame about the roadworks on street level!)The room was large, with floor to ceiling window, which made it feel more special. I wouldn't say the room was 5*, but a standard 4*.I was disappointed with breakfast - we were seated in the Sushi restaurant and there is a small continental buffet (you can pay extra for a fulll English). The toast is toasted in the kitchen (rather than providing guests with the toaster) so all the toast was cold.It was a good price, so won't complain, and it felt luxurious for what we had paid. It isn't a true 5 experience, but still a good one.	
Feb 21 2009 	Lovely hotel very clean and helpful staff	We stayed at this hotel. English breakfast was included, however, the buffet breakfast was that good I would not upgrade if I had to. The rooms were a good size, lovely bathroom. Overall v impressed and I would book again. Good sized pool with nice changing rooms. Only bad ting was the local tube closed on the evening (could be temp),however, the hotel staff arranged a taxi and we were out for the evening in no time.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great Hotel and great value	We booked this hotel via Lastminute.com. The price of the room was £100 and we were not dissapointed. The view of the Tower of London and Tower Bridge is excellent. Although the hotel probably wouldn't apreciate it, there are 2 Whetherspoons within 5 minutes walk of the hotel, ideal for cheap meals and breakfast is served at 1000hrs.I could not understand some of the negative comments made about this hotel before I left. I could find no negatives and I can only assume that those individuals either had a specific reason to complain or they are used to 7 star hotels.All of the expected extras were in the room, including a dressing gown. 2 well padded pillows each and an aircon/heating unit that worked properly. I can not comment about parking as we took the train but it was only £13 for the taxi from Charing Cross.	
Feb 2 2009 	Nice business hotel	Stayed there for a 3 nights attending a conference held at the premises.Really nice hotel with nice large (for London) bright rooms. Stayed at 6. floor.Had the &quot;buisiness package&quot; - only choose this if you dont want to eat restaurant breakfast. If you prefer a light morning meal and wish to save the $ then the business lounge has ok breakfast included - self service.Ate conference luch in the restaurant. OK.	
Feb 1 2009 	Perfectly adequate. Not 5 star.	Stayed for one night. Nice enough lobby, efficient check in. Standard room is clean and acceptable but furniture already looks worn and cheap, even though the hotel is quite new. Advertises itself as 5 star but isn't anywhere near it. On the other hand it is quite cheap and there's nothing to complain about. Overall, good value and a handy place to stay if you're just using it to sleep after a night out in London.	
Jan 26 2009 	Depends on your room view	This hotel is the perfect choice for visiting the Tower of London with no option to but stay overnight.Cannot really fault the room or hotel in it's appearance, very clean, spacious with good sized bathroom and amenities of a 4/5 star hotel.However my girlfriend booked a room 'with a view of the Thames.'As the booking was made quite a bit early than we usually do when visiting London, one would expect this wish to be granted.A view of a concrete wall isn't really fetching !Guess it's a bit hit and miss here, seems to me a late booking at a cheaper price could get a decent view and a early booking a dodgy one - something suggests their booking standard isn't of a high standard.Other than that, wouldn't put anyone off - a nice hotel without having the X factor !	
Jan 25 2009 	Surprisingly perfect city getaway	We spent just one night at the Grange City Hotel and wished it had been more. We were upgraded to a massive suite. The room was spotless and the staff very professional and helpful. Great value for London at only £80 inc a continental breakfast.Great location - a stone's throw from Tower Hill station and the Tower of London. Loved the walk along both sides of the river. Would definitely stay there again if we go back to London.	
Jan 21 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Booked through lastminute.com and got a good price for two nights as a weekend away for me and my partner.Hotel location is superb as soon as you walk out of Tower Hill Tube Station you can see the top of the hotel, literally a two minute walk around the corner and you are in the main building. First Impressions excellent staff very helpful and friendly. Booked a superior suite, a little disapointed at first as room did not have a view of the tower instead straight into somebodys flat, but the room itself was very large with a long hallway and a nice bathroom with a good shower. Lots of clothing space and a nice TV.Visited the bar a few times in the lobby although not cheap still good for London prices, lots of private areas to sit and cosy seats.Ordered Room service late one night after a night out on the town again not much choice for 24hr service but food was delicious when arrived.Overall a good 5* hotel, defently recommend	
Jan 21 2009 	Hotel bumped us at last minute. Beware - terrible customer service	Grange City looks like a nice hotel, and advertises some attractive rates. But think twice about booking during popular periods like New Year etc.Early in December, I booked a two night stay at the Grange City Hotel, so I could treat my girlfriend to a New Year break. I through the positive reviews on TripAdvisor, and felt sure I would be posting my own glowing review of our stay.But two weeks later – and just 22 hours before check in - the reservations team cancelled my booking.I received a terse email from Gerald Maneja (not a phone call!) informing me that my debit card was 'invalid', and that my booking had been 'released'. I called straight back, but my booking was gone and the hotel was full.The card details I provided were correct. Furthermore, Barclays tells me that no attempt was even made to charge my debit card.Here's what happened: the hotel decided to bump people who'd booked early at a good rate, so they could sell last minute rooms at a higher rate. Then, they decided to lie to me about it.When I complained to management, they basically said there was nothing they could do. In the end, I had no choice but to book an inferior hotel, at nearly £200 per night.Grange Hotels clearly has a policy of bumping early- reservations like mine, to make room for profitable last minute bookings. You may still decide to stay with Grange Hotels. If you do, bear in mind this risk of being bumped with no recourse.	
Jan 17 2009 	Lots of apples	Two minutes walk from Tower Hill underground station, really easy to find, great service, staff even know your names!!( scarily)Brilliant value, we were upgraded to an executive room and got complimentary continental breakfast, which was lovely. The health club facilities were top notch, spa pool, steam room, sauna, all made for a very relaxing stay!!!!!!did not want to leave...	
Jan 16 2009	Very Good Hotel!!	We arrived as a party of 4 on 9.1.09 for a `Special Birthday`.The check in was easy &amp; problem free &amp; the Birthday Boy was upgraded to an 8th Floor room with a fantastic view.The room was spacious with 2x double beds &amp; was extremely comfortable.My husband &amp; i are smokers &amp; were on the allocated smoking 7th floor where the room was standard but comfortable.The continental breakfast we all think was excellent with a high standard &amp; plenty of choice &amp; the service from the staff with regards tea &amp; coffee was plentiful &amp; friendly.This hotel is excellent as a base for central London &amp; a taxi from Victoria to Hotel was only £15.00 &amp; a taxi to theatleland £8.00.I used the pool on saturday morning &amp; it was fantastic &amp; very clean including the changing rooms, unfortunately the jaccuzzi was out of order.We saw the Buddy Show &amp; can highly recomend it.We also took a lovely boat trip &amp; the jetty is 5 minutes walk from the hotel.The area around the hotel is steeped in history &amp; fabulous to walk around=Excellent Hotel location.The only negative was on the 7th floor Saturday night between 23.00 &amp; 01.00 there was a serious domestic argument between a couple &amp; the room appeared to be being smashed up &amp; the guy kept moving into hotel hallway, (the lady had a black eye the next morning)!!we called reception once every hour &amp; no action was taken and staff did not attend.All hotel staff were helpfull &amp; friendly.We will definately return to this hotel on a regular basis.Vey enjoyable &amp; memorable visit.	
Jan 7 2009	Excellent hotel	Fantastic 5* hotel in London which is well priced if staying at the weekend. I suggest booking directly or by using laterooms. I paid £80 for a double room. The rooms are very luxurious and have everything you need, although some feel a little small (when there are 2 double beds). The swimming pool and leisure facilites are excellent and the bar is a great place to start your night out. Very helpful staff also make the stay very pleasant.	
Dec 29 2008 	A Room With A View!	Just returned from an overnighter meeting up with friends in London. Initially were not going to stay over, but finding the room on offer at £60 - could not refuse a bargain.No parking for the hotel - we parked on street, a few minutes walk away, as the hotel website suggested, in the Royal Mint Road - free, on a Sunday - but metered from 8:30 Monday morning (led to a pre-breakfast stroll to move to carpark) Very close to tube stops - alternatively.When you check in - make sure you ask for a room with a &quot;Tower view&quot;! (so glad we were given that tip) Wow. 10th Floor - floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Tower of London and Tower Bridge - simply stunning - dusk, night and morning! Our friends had 11th Floor view - even more amazing.The room itself was large, clean and very comfortable, bathroom a little small - with no separate shower. We did not have robes or slippers provided - though I understand a call to reception would have brought them.The bar is cosy with cushioned lounging sofas and 5-star prices .. but don't miss out on your complimentary nibbles! - Request some nuts and a large, delicious mix will be provided. But not automatically given... this seems to be a recurring theme of the hotel methinks!!Before we went out, tried the pool and sauna. Looks pretty in the pictures. In reality it was full of noisy kids (at 6pm) and the sauna was all but cold.Breakfast was ok. Prepare to queue!! (Or get up early) There seemed no urgency to sit people, the girl on the desk checking room numbers off her list tried to tell guests that &quot;breakfast does not seem to be included with your room&quot; - but when challenged (becuase it is) - just said &quot;oh, ok&quot; and let everyone in . Most odd. No-one came to offer us tea, coffee or toast - but all were provided on request. (back to the theme) The staff were accomodating in moving tables so we could all sit together.Again, can't argue with the great bargain we found, but probably not go out of our way to stay again.	
Dec 21 2008 	Really Lovely Stay	Just spent a lovely evening at this hotel and enjoyed every minute.Check in was smooth and we were treated promptly and professionally. We were even given a room upgrade free of charge which was so kind!Room was lovely, big and airy with two lovely sofas and two very large beds. Wonderful view from our window across the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. The location is great, right inbetween Tower Hill Tube and Fenchurch Street. About a 2 minute walk from the stations. Even though there were Christmas parties going on all night, you felt secluded and relaxed. Breakfast was a litle intimidating. Very quiet in the main restaurant and tables a little too close together, Food quality and service were both good though.Overall, we would go back in a flash next time we are in London.	
Dec 12 2008 	Good Value Hotel	Stayed at this hotel last weekend with my mum as we were going to see a show and wanted to do some christmas shopping. Price was good value at 126 pounds for bed and continental breakfast however the prices in the hotel were dear but it was a 5 star hotel so I did expect this. On arrival we had a smooth check in and was told we had been upgraded to one of the new rooms with extra security. Not quite sure what the difference was as never saw any of the other rooms, but I have to say our room was very nice with 2 double beds, marble bathroom, mini bar, bathrobes slippers,Molton Brown toiletries and a great shower which is hard to find in hotels! I was surprised to have to pay for the room when we arrived, as well as a 50 pound pre authoristion whatever that is, (probably in case you take the bathrobes home) and I was worried this would come out of my bank account but I have checked and it hasn;t . The hotel has a swimming pool, steam room, jacuzzi etc which we used, however my skin was really itchy after using it and my mom had 2 bites on her face (looked like nat bites) Not sure if this was anything to do with the faciities but strange how it appeared just after our time in the spa?? We had lunch in the bistro bar which was lovely, BLT and chips, great big portion and very yummy. Breakfast was continental and was OK. I didn;t really want to pay another 16 pounds for us to have english breakast as we intended on having a nice lunch later on! The location of the hotel is OK - 2 mins from Tower Hill Tube, 15 pounds in taxi to Leicester Square. Next time would probably go for a hotel a bit closer to Theatreland but then would probably have to pay more for hotel room so is swings and roundabouts really... All in all, a nice hotel, nice little touches in the room, not so sure about the spa....	
Nov 30 2008 	Excellent for one delightfully decadent night	We spent a single night at this hotel as part of my husband's 27th birthday present from me.We have never stayed in a 5* hotel before so it was a bit of a special occasion and I picked this hotel because it was close to friends and attractions we wanted to visit. The staff were helpful and location very convenient.The lobby was as grand as you would expect, that aside we saw very little of the hotel except for our room. It was a good size with a wonderful view over Tower Bridge - we upgraded on arrival and it is worth it if you are staying there for a special occasion. The room was clean, comfy, spacious and well equipped. We decided to be completely decadent by having breakfast brought to the room the next morning which was delightfully naughty!I think in total with the upgrade and room service we probably spent nearly £200 for just one night but sometimes it is great to splash out - and we did it in style at the City Grange.	
Nov 25 2008 	Sloppy	This is the absolutely worst hotel I have ever stayed at in terms of service. I was in London for business and was booked into an executive suite and there is nothing executive about it but for the size. I had to call housekeeping every single night because I was either missing basic toiletries or something was missing or hadn't been replaced. One night I actually returned to the room and found it messier than when I had left it. I also had a pair of leather glovers taken from my room and when I reported it, I was told that I should have kept them in the room safe. Utter circus.	
Nov 19 2008 	Exceptional Central London Hotel - Outstanding Value	Exceptional value, fabulous rooms, excellent service and outstanding comfort. All that you would expect from a Central London City Hotel and more!Stayed here on an over- nighter for a friends Hen Weekend in September. The hotel was booked as part of a special pre wedding package so we girlies were extremely fortunate to get an expectional rate for such a deluxe Central London hotel.The Grange City being City based (as you would of course expect by the name!!) ; is about 30 seconds walk from Tower Hill tube, and offers fabulous value for money weekend rates in an attempt to draw in the leisure travellers in the absence of the week day City business folk!In our thirties, and enjoying the night away from children, husbands, housework and hum-drum - we all now appreciate a bit of luxury and glamour. The Grange City did not disappoint!!The last time I shared a hotel room with 3 of my best friends I was probably 19, on the outskirts of Playa De Las Americas in a cheap apartment smelling of last nights vodka!! What a pleasant suprise to find that 18 years on those days were just distant memories!!!The room offered a huge amount of living/sleeping space, sumputious beds you could sleep in for days, exceptional wardrobe and hanging space, fabulously styled bathroom with Molton Brown tolietries, an abundance of assorted teas and coffee, chocolates on your pillow and heating/air conditioning controls.The overall feel of the public areas in the hotel are under stated wealth and glamour. Decorated in chic almost art deco style in parts, this hotel would cater to the whims of the most descerning visitor.Continental Breakfast - included in the room rate was a morning delight! A vast array of pastries, fruit, cereals, breads, yoghurt, cold meats, juice etc etc laid on in style and buffet format so you can return as long as your tummy will allow!! For a small fee full English breakfast is also available.The bar although quite darkly lit ,is a comfortable chill out zone and fabulous area to relax with friends. The extensive wine list offers some outstanding vintages and I was pleasantly surprised to find that for a hotel of this calibre and location did not charge sky high prices. My partner - a London cabbie for 16 years , with extensive knowledge (excuse the pun!) of a multitude of Central London hotels; described the Grange City to me pre stay simply as ' Top Draw'!!Tops indeed it was and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and it's service to anyone for business or leisure purposes. A true gem in the centre of my beloved London.	
Nov 2 2008 	Excellent hotel great location	We had to be in London for two nights and the company booked this hotel for us. The location is great, right next to Fenchurch St and very handy for Leadenhall.We flew in and out of London City, and the hotel is also excellently placed for that too.Our room was superb, 2 double beds, tastefully furnished and with a tremendous view right over the Tower and Tower Bridge - we were on 10th floor.The staff were friendly. attentive and helpful.We had dinner in the bar one of the nights, good quality and a reasonable price considering the location. I would not hesitate to stay here again, even if I had to pay it myself.	
Oct 8 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I have stayed here on a few occasions now, and every single time we have had a fantastic time. The staff are very helpful, the hotel is very relaxing throughout, from the swimming pool and steam rooms to the restaurants and bars. Everytime I visit London I now book the Grange, and would not thing of going elsewhere.	
Sep 25 2008 	Weekend Bargain	By the time we booked our tickets to the V-Festival in Chelmsford all the local hotel accommodation was fully booked. And we're not really the camping type - I like my home comforts and comfortable bed.We decided to stay in the city of London and travel the 30min train journey each day to the festival.I'd stayed in the Grange Hotel on a previous occassion and thought it plush and with weekend rates so cheap (on par with travelodge rates) it seemed daft not to allow ourselves a little luxury. It was all we wanted. It was great to get back there after the festival to a nice, cosy, comfortable room with Molton Brown toiletries and bathrobes. Bliss.It, as Ronseal would say, does what it says on the tin. It deserves the five star rating. We didn't get to eat in the restaurant other than breakfast, which was a little disappointing and bland, but room rates were so cheap we couldn't complain. The gym is a good size, as is the pool. The spa looks pretty luxurious, although we didn't have time to try out any of the treatments. I think the hotel is geared towards business travellers during the week, which is why the rates drop so steeply at weekends. Beware of the additional VAT that they don't advertise on the room rate.So, if you're in London at the weekend and are happy to be based around the City and Tower Hill area, I can't think of a better place to stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	Just OK!	We stayed in this hotel for two nights, its my no means a 5 star hotel - In fact its more like a 3 star.They could not find our reservation for quite a long time, the receptionist was most rude, she demanded £100 deposit per night as I did not have the pin code for my credit card even though we were not getting a room for several hours due to none being ready, I explained that i would have the code upon my return to the hotel but I was politely informed where the closest bank machine was.Upon return to the hotel to obtain out keys and check into the hotel, again out reservation could not be located for a long time, even though the room had been paid for in full earlier that day.When we arrived to the room the was only enough towels, bathrobes and toileteries for one person, we phoned reception but none were delivered to the room, finally these were obtained after I kicked up a fuss.On the second day after the room had been serviced we were AGAIN left with only 1 set of towels etc.The lesiure facilities were just ok, the changing rooms were tiny and filthy!Over all this was a disappointing hotel and the price is much too high! Therefore I think your money could be spent more wisely	
Sep 23 2008 	Perfect!	Similar to the earlier reviewer, myself and my partner stayed here on the evening of 13th Sep, it was a birthday celebration and it also coinsided with the Thames festival, again same as the previous reviewer, I requested a room with a view on the website and was amazed, we were floor 11 with a fantastic view of Tower Bridge, the Tower of London and the River Thames, we took advantage of using the steam/sauna and swimming pool facilities which were included in our room rate (alot of hotels in London charge extra) the bed was very comfortable and breakfast was more than suitable, if I had to give a negative comment about the hotel this would only be that the bathroom was very small, although this did not matter to us and the complimentary Molton Brown toiletries iin the bathroom were very nice. If I was guaranteed a similar room, I would definately stay at this hotel again. very pleased :)	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Location	quite o.k. for London, but definitely not a 5 star hotel. Location is great - just at the tower underground station. Rooms are small, but comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful. Check-in and out was fast an without any problems	
Sep 16 2008 	Great hotel!	We have stayed here a couple of times before and will definitely stay again. Very good value for a weekend in London and in a good location. We stayed on the Friday night to visit the Thames Festival on the Saturday and it was really convenient. We booked a standard double room and were upgraded to an executive double room which was really nice. Not much different to the double (other than a bathrobe) but the rooms are excellent anyway. We used the spa facility in the afternoon which was really nice and relaxing. We had continental breakfast in the morning, which was fine and enough choice for us. We thought the price to upgrate to English breakfast too high and the mini bar price for a bottle of water (£2.75) was a bit steep, but apart from that great!	
Sep 15 2008 	Fantastic Views and Great Value	I stayed in the grange City hotel for 2 nights (Friday and Saturday) 13th and 14th of September. The purpose of the trip was an anniversary stay for myself and my husband and this hotel made the trip very special. I have stayed in a few hotels in london previously and used to live there so have a good knowledge of the city. Some reviews state that the hotel is not very central and a little out of the way but considering it is just a step out of Tower Hill tube station and overlooking 2 of the most famous buildings in london (The Tower of London and Tower Bridge) I consider this to be in the heart of london. It is barley a 10 minute tube ride to Embankment station from where you can walk to Covent Garden or Leicester Square in 5 minutes.I booked the hotel after many weeks of searching for a good deal in london on all the usual sites. I have normally settled for a basic holiday inn or thistle hotel but this time I wanted something a bit more special. I ended up booking the hotel through the Grange Hotels website and got 2 nights with continental breakfast for about £188 total. Barely anymore than a basic holiday inn in cost! I had seen other peoples reviews saying that they had been upgraded when staying on a weekend so I took the liberty of asking for a room with a view of the Tower in the comments section of the booking form and on arrival I couldn't have been more pleased when the receptionist said &quot;we have a very nice room for you&quot;. The room was indeed very nice and the view was magical. Panoramic views of the Tower, the bridge and the thames. I could not have asked for better. Check in was also instant which surprised me due to poor reviews I have read previously.This hotel also has a very nice pool which is open for long hours and is quite quiet therefore it is worth bringing along your swimming gear. There is also a jacuzzi, steam room, sauna and aromatherapy room. Breakfast was fairly standard for a continental but I didn't go there for the food. It was nice to have hot boiled eggs along with all the usual pastries, cereals, meat, cheeses, yoghurt and fruit. Our room was also generously stocked with a large selection of teas, coffee and biscuits.Overall our stay was fantastic. It was enhanced by the presence of the Thames festival which with a quick walk across Tower bridge meant we has access to performers and food stalls of all types. I would recomend this hotel to anyone wanting a beautiful location for a weekend stay in london.	
Sep 15 2008 	wonderful	what a wonderful hotel,from the moment you walked in ,nothing was to much trouble,the rooms are out of this world,beds like sleeping on a cloud,spotlessly clean,and the veiw of the tower of london ,and london bridge and the thames from your window ,was breath taking,we booked through ticket tree and had a theartre show as well we saw wicked which was the icing on the cake ,the bufett continatal breakfast was filling ,and well presented,eat as much as you want ,when signing out ,if your train is later in the day ythey will keep your bags for you while you do some more sight seeing ,overall would highly recomend to any one ,	
Sep 4 2008 	Theatre Break	Have just returned from a city/theatre break with friends,what a surprise the hotel was - we were upgraded and we had a view of the Thames and Tower from the rooms. The staff were very helpful, we rated the continental breakfast as excellent,will certainly reccomend to friends and return ourselves	
Sep 1 2008 	definitely a hit	Booked this hotel through lastminute.com. i've had some bad experiences on there recently with so-called 5 star hotels so I was reluctant to use them again but now they have the review facility, it's much better. The reviews for this hotel were good so I booked it. Very glad I did, it was excellent. Fast check in and the rooms were very good. We had 3 rooms, 2 twins and a double. THey upgraded us all. The double room was very close to Fenchurch Street railway but we literally could hear nothing, the triple glazing was excellent. The hotel is less than a minute's walk from Tower Hill tube so ideal if you want to go to the Tower. It took about 20 mins or so to get to the West End by cab but we mainly took the tube. THe pool was very good, I saw some reviews mention peeling paint but it was no more than I would expect from a basement pool with no windows, it was fine. All staff were helpful and friendly and yes they have Molton Brown complimentaries in the bathrooms. Couldn't fault the hotel at all, particularly at this price. We didn't try breakfast at £12 per head, with 6 of us that's a bit pricey and I could see it did look a bit crowded but that had been mentioned by other reviewers. Have to look around a bit for breakfast elsewhere as it's in the City so a bit quiet at weekends but that was fine.	
Aug 29 2008 	Pure luxury - didn't want to come home!	We managed to get a lastminute deal for 3 nights over August Bank Holiday weekend for just £100 a night and it was worth every penny and more! Upon arrival they couldn't locate our booking so gave us an automatic free upgrade to a room with a balcony which was lovely on the warm balmy evenings. The bed was by far the best I have ever slept in and awoke each morning revived and ready to tackle the city. It couldn't be any closer to Tower Hill tube or Fenchurch Street station if it tried, and despite being so close, the hotel is so well sound proofed that by bedtime it was total silence. The pool, sauna, spa and steam facilities were fantastic, despite them being shut for part of one day due to a technical issue. This was quickly resolved however. We didn't go for the breakfast option after reading reviews of it being disappointing and after calculating it would have cost us another £180 to include breakfast! There are, however, within a 2 minute walk plenty of pubs, bars and cafes that serve breakfast from 8am and from as little at £2.95. I really recommend the Crutched Friar pub for any meal - the prices are incredibly reasonable on both food and drink, with a lovely atmosphere and only a couple of hundred metres away. If you want to eat locally, there is a Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Pizza Express, Strada and Wetherspoons within a 5 minute walk, as well as many other independant bars and restaurants. For quality, luxury, proximity to tube and station and staff service, you couldn't hope for better.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great value on a weekend	This isa pricey business hotel during the week, but has some great prices on a weekend (as low as £68 sometimes!) as it seeks to fill rooms.Location isn't great if you are a tourist as although it is close to a few tourist attractions it goes dead in the evening since its on the edge of the business district. If I were a tourist I'd probably prefer to stay in the west end or go across the river around London Bridge where you have more bars and restaurants for the evening. This is great value for a good hotel. Excellent leisure facilities with nice gym, large pool, sauna and steam. The rooms are clean, comfortable and well done out (in a traditional way). However, they are a little small for theAll in all I wouldn't pay their weekday prices to stay here as you can get better hotels for the money elsewhere - however if you get a good deal, this is a great place to stay.	
Aug 24 2008 	Could not have asked for better	Booked through lastminute for a break in London. Fantastic price considering Bank holiday weekend.........great room, brilliant facilities and settings. Good location for a base to explore. Would recommend and will re-visit.	
Aug 20 2008	Nice but a bit pricy	Nice hotel, in a very nice part of town, ie, beside the tower. No need to worry about late nights etc and being mugged.downside - expensive..... you pay for everything, ie, broadband, £10, breakfast £17.50 and it is altready £180 a night for exec room.Excellent sports room and swimming pool.	
Aug 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Booked via hotels own website as very good value. Excellent room and very near tube station. Had two showers and a balcony. Think we were upgraded which was much appreciated. Check in very easy and the receptionist was great. Tea / Coffee in the room / flat screen tv and BOSE music station.The only downside was that the continental breakfast was a little bit boring and looked as if loads of people had raided it (you can upgrade to full English) but the setting in both the main restuarant and the overflow &quot;sushi&quot; area was great and it was quite busy. The bar area was not the best and was quite small. Perhaps it should be rellocated to the Sushi area to make use of the outdoor space. No table service which considering how many staff they had on duty seemed to be a let down. It could do with a pianist or better music. Prices were ok but expensive if you want 25 ml of spirits. Pint is four pounds. To sun up, it is in parts a 5* hotel and for the price you cannot beat the facilities. However if you are looking for true five star London luxury (i.e Mayfair etc) and service from the staff then this is perhaps not the right hotel but for a weekend break or business hotel it is excellent.Also each area of the hotel, restuarant, bar etc is stunning. Amazing glass works, marble and designer items.	
Aug 5 2008 	Could recommend this hotel more	This is my second time staying in this hotel; I stayed for August bank holiday this year and last year (Irish Bank Holiday). As we had stayed here last year and had no issues with the hotel we decided to stay here again as we knew our way around using the hotel as a base.Check in was quick and friendly despite a very busy reception area. When we got to our room, a standard double, we were a little disappointed as the room was much smaller than the one we had stayed in last year. I went to reception and spoke with the same receptionist, Georgina, to see if we could change our room. I explained that we had booked the same room as last year but this year’s room was smaller. She was very helpful and upgraded us to an executive room which when we entered discovered was the same room type as last year (we had obviously been upgraded last year and we didn't realise it). The room had a view of the train station below so we just kept the curtains closed but we didn't hear one train or announcement all weekend!!!The room was spotlessly clean, as is the whole hotel. The bathroom is immaculate and I love the toiletries this hotel provides (Molton Brown). They also provide a selection of teas in the room such as peppermint and honey and chamomile. This hotel is a great place to base yourself as a tourist as the tube is right next door and getting from Stanstead to the hotel is so easy. The bus tours all go from London Tower which is just across the road and a taxi from the hotel to Covent Garden costs £10. Staff are friendly and helpful, whether it’s to get taxis or to give you directions.There are only two things the hotel could possibly improve on; 1) The breakfast, there is an additional charge of £8 for an English breakfast - I guess I'm just used to Irish hotels that seem to all serve a hot breakfast. The selection for the continental breakfast is okay but nothing to look forward to in the morning. 2) The pool, it needs a bit of a clean. The pool is dimly lit and it makes the area around it seem grubby and dirty. The changing rooms again are very clean though.I couldn't recommend this hotel enough for its level of cleanliness, location and helpful staff.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Place	We had a Club Room overlooking the Tower Bridge. Very Nice Room. Their food (room service) is great. I would go back just for the food. Not kidding. Breakfast on the other hand was average. It made me feel like its been mass produced. Didn't like it much.In terms of price, I would say, you can find a very crap room in London in a 4* hotel for almost the same price. (While Grange is a 5* hotel.) I am saying it because few weeks ago we stayed in a crap room at one of the very famous hotels. If you are a business-person and want to stay in a reasonably priced hotel then this is a good deal. (There are certainly many better places in London but pricewise, Grange is value for money.)They also offer free Gym, Swimming Pool and Sauna but we didn't get a chance to go out of the room in the evening.	
Jul 15 2008 	Better than expected...	...after reading previous reviews. I was dreading 1/ check-in taking forever, 2/ railway noise, 3/ nowhere nearby to eat at a weekend, 4/ a scrum for a poor breakfast etc. My fears were unfounded. 1/ On arrival at 7.30pm on a Friday the reception was very busy with people checking in and what looked like a school prom. We were attended to immediately and were in our room within ten minutes. As it was nearly bedtime for our small daughter, I grabbed a takeaway pizza for DW and me from Pizza Express which is about three minutes walk away. 2/ Our room was right on Fenchurch St. station platform but do you know what, we could barely hear the trains, the lines mustn't have any joints there because you don't hear any of that clunkety-clunk train noise. You could just hear some of the station announcements but only just. Yes, we would have loved to have been lucky and got a view of the Tower but we weren't so the curtains just stayed closed most of the time. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom although a bit on the small side was reasonably equipped with nice toiletries.3/ If you head away from the Tower into the city you will find a lot of the places, even little convenience shops closed for the weekend but there's a Wetherspoons pub right across the road for a pint and a bite to eat, the aforementioned Pizza Express is close by too. Not fine dining but acceptable reasonably priced grub. On Saturday night we walked to St .Katherine's dock about five minutes away and went to Strada, a chain Italian restaurant. All good, service, food and price. A bottle of wine was about the same as you'd pay at restaurants where I live and the water for the table was bottled filtered tap water FOC. A pleasant surprise in London not to feel your eyes are being taken out. I suppose some may find the area too quiet at night so if you want some kind of massive rave party your probably out of luck round there.4/ We aren't big breakfast eaters and the selection for Continental breakfast was fine. Cereals, fresh fruit salad, cold meats and cheese, bread rolls etc. Fruit juices weren't of good quality but there was enough selection to have a decent start to the day. The coffee was terrible though, only barely warm when it didn't need to be. Breakfast room was only about a third full at 8.30 am.We booked this hotel based on price and because it had a pool and a central London location with good access to the tube so we could use that to explore London. It fitted the bill on all these points, now if only they could warm their coffee up and upgrade me to an Imperial Super Deluxe Maharajah suite next time!	
Jul 14 2008 	ok but thats it	Booked a tripel room, to dbl beds and a sofabed at c-in (1pm) the eastern european girl told us that housekeeping would come to the room at do the extra bed asap, at midnight this hasnt happent yet, after a phone call asking for a toothbrush and help with the extra bed at man came to our room with the toothbrush, but couldn't be bothed to help us with the sofabed, so we call rep again and after at 1 am, two men came and helped us out with the sofa bed, the room (1018) was in a need of a refurbishment, most af the staff looked really stressed and the Concierge seemed obessed with knowing where we where going every time we aksed them to get a cab,	
Jul 7 2008 	Not a five star service	Surprisingly bad service. Took over 15 minutes to manage the check in, although I was the only person at the counter. had to pay a fortune for internet access, and it's not even Wi-Fi. I had to get a cable in reception, but it was broken. Rooms OK, but hotel personnel suddenly come in to my room early in the morning to deliver a message. The next morning the wake up call came 20 minutes too early.	
Jul 1 2008 	A Great Hotel in the Business District	This was a business trip for my wife that my daughter and I added ouselves to so no choice in Hotel for us. I found the Hotel Very clean, neat and friendly. They were responsive to any requests we had. My wife asked for a room change to the 11th floor after third floor room overlooked a working office. The higher room had a nice view of St Paul's Dome. This is a very convenient spot for Tower of London and BRidge. Right down the block from Tower Hill Stop and accessable to #15 bus.With the window open you could hear some noise from the street but it was not overwhelming. And that was with a prom there that night. It was a 15-20 minute ride to any of the city highlights and I think that was fine! Did not partake it any of the fitness or restaurant amenities. OVerall a good place to stay, even if you don't have business in this part of the city as my wife did.	
Jun 26 2008 	Very impressed with the Grange City Hotel	I stayed at the Grange City with my girlfriend for a long weekend in June. We got a deal on the hotel website including continental breakfast and access to the hotel golf simulator.We arrived early in the morning and had our luggage stored by the efficient concierge (for free) until our rooms were ready. The lobby and other public areas were very well appointed, and the inital impression was very good.This only got better when we got into our room. It was spacious, tastefully furnished, and well equipped with lots of tea/coffee, toiletries etc (probably more coffee than any other hotel I've stayed in!). The entry hallway to the room was nice and wide, and in addition to the bed there was a sofa, two chairs and a coffee table, with a writing table and TV etc along the side of the room. The beds were two singles pushed together, but after the first night the staff made the beds up as one double. The bathroom wasn't enormous, but was a good size and certainly more than sufficient for our needs during our stay. Breakfast was good, and included lots of pastries in addition to the usual continental breakfast. There were signs warning people to eat early at weekends to avoid delays in being seated for breakfast, but when we turned up (late) on Saturday and Sunday mornings there were no delays whatsoever. Our one complaint during the stay was about noise on the Saturday night. There was a ball in a function suite below our room, and the music was quite loud until about midnight. I think this was caused by the opening of a fire door in the function room though because we hadn't noticed the noise until quite late in the evening, and it wasn't such an issue that we bothered to phone the front desk. The hotel location is perfect for tourists and business trips, situated essentially next door to Tower Hill underground station (zone 1) and within 2 minutes walk of the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. The leisure facilities are also noteworthy - the sauna, aromatherapy, steam room and pool were all great, and the whirlpool heavenly after a day pounding the streets of London! We also tried the golf simulator which was amazing fun, though I must say it was my first experience of such things so I really can't compare it to anything else. It seemed quite good though!In summary the Grange City hotel provided a great setting for a weekend in London, with luxurious rooms, good food, very effective staff, and a great location for walking to local sights and getting onto the underground network for going further afield. Highly recommended.	
Jun 24 2008 	So So - more a 4 Star Hotel than a 5 Star Hotel	I've stayed here a couple of times, most recently for the Royal Ascot race meeting - its handy for Bank Tube and the Waterloo and City Line. Generally the location is good for the City, the West End is easily reachable on the Tube from Bank or Tower Hill.It has a superbly equipped gym and a really excellent pool, can't imagine there's a better hotel swimming pool anywhere in London. Bar is ok and not overly pricey and the breakfast again is ok, the standard buffet that you see at most hotels these days. I have to say the hotel falls down a bit on its rooms. I wasn't overly impressed by the cleanliness of my room and I'm not one of those really picky, fussy types. I think the standard of the rooms are more 4 star than 5.Service is god though and can't complain about the staff who all seemed pleasant and helpful.	
Jun 23 2008 	Loved the Grange City Hotel!	We stayed at The Grange City Hotel in London from June 18-22, 2008. We got a family room for approx 400 pounds including VAT. It's located just outside the Tower Hill tube station which is very convenient for visiting The Tower of London and many other attractions. We arrived at the hotel early morning on the 18th as we flew in from Toronto. They had a room for us which was great because we were very tired and feeling a bit jetlagged. We stayed in room 409 overlooking the patio area of the hotel where they host outdoor events. The room itself had two double beds and was very clean. Bathroom had a stand alone shower and a separate bath tub. Hotel staff were very nice and helpful. We chose this hotel as I had previously stayed at The Grange Rochester hotel when last in London but this time wanted a hotel with a pool as we were travelling with our teenage daughter. The hotel has a huge indoor swimming pool, hot tub, steam room, sauna and aromatherapy room. A nice thing to have after a long day of walking and sightseeing. Hotel breakfast (continental) was included on the Saturday and Sunday morning which was plenty for us. All you could eat, boiled eggs, toast, cereals, fruit, cheese, etc. You could upgrade to an English breakfast but we chose not to as this was enough for us. The only thing I would like to mention here is that the hotel is located in a business area so there is little to no nightlife nearby the hotel and on weekends its very quiet. This was suitable to us as we had a teenager with us and weren't looking for nightlife. Also, on the Saturday night there was an event taking place at the hotel for the City of London Police Officers... they had the music going downstairs until about 2:00 a.m. and you could hear the bass from the music as we were on the 4th floor - this would have to be the only negative. When we mentioned to the front desk upon checkout they said that normally these events only go on until midnight but I guess the attendees had asked if they could extend it for a couple of hours, I would assume if you were staying on the third floor right above this area it would have been very difficult to sleep. All in all, a great stay at this hotel and would highly recommend it!	
Jun 21 2008 	Fantastic Value !!!	Booked a friday stay via the hotel website. The rate was for the Room + Breakfast was £80 We were upgraded to an executive room without extra charge. Nicely located next to Tower Hill tube, good for Tower of London, Tower Bridge etcStaff were excellent and it doesn't matter which member of staff you passed in the hotel, they all said hello!Recommended!!	
Jun 7 2008 	Great location for getting about in London	Stayed here for 2 nights to do xmas shopping. Really enjoyed the pool and spa facilities, very attractive lobby, good staff and comfortable room.	
Jun 5 2008 	Good Place to Stay	Stayed at the Grange City Hotel for work in April. Good location for the business district and there was a tube station near. Very close to Tower Bridge and the area there. Did do some sightseeing but it was a work trip. Area pretty dead at night so had to travel a bit to find nightlife.	
May 30 2008 	Mixed experience in busy Conference hotel	We stayed here in May for two nights to attend a City Wedding. Glossy, grand public areas. Our party's accomodatoin experience was mixed - we had a roomy executive room - a bit like a Marriott - plenty of space, small bathroom. Others in our party had a similar room but with balcony, a grand penthouse suite, a small poky room described as a double but almost certainly a single, a twin room with extra bed added described as a family room . Those who used the swimming pool had a great time. We only tried one of the three restaurants - a brasserie which overlooked a nice little patio featuring a part of the London Wall. Our evening meal was punctuated by groups of walkers and a guide explaining all about Roman London. But the food was good and surprisingly good value. Sushi restaurant looked nice. Isis bar OK but full of relativley restrained stag and hen parties the nights we were there. Service was amazingly slow, tea and coffee in the rooms were not replenished and the advertised free paper was tucked away in the lobby. A good quality continental breakfast was served in the restaurant and brasserie - full English was £8 extra. The staff were universally helpful but universally struggling with English so their obvious good intentions were not always realised. Would I stay again for leisure- No but would be fine for a business trip.	
May 29 2008 	Good Value Quiet Location	Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend, for a very reasonable £79 per night.Rooms of a good standard, with continental breakfast included.Paid an additional £8 for the full English breakfast, which was a little disapointing ( the breakfast at the City's sister hotel at Holburn is much better).Room overlooked the railway line at the back of the hotel, which is the price you pay as a smoker I guess, but did not experience any noise, and would be ideal for trainspotters!Well located for the Tower of London. Tube station just around the corner, which you will need if you are after pubs etc, as the area was very quiet in the evening.A very nice hotel, but the Grange Holburn is better located for nightlife etc.	
May 27 2008 	Fantastic Stay	My wife and i stayed here over the May Bank Holiday weekend and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was well located (next door to the Tower of London) and easily accessible to the O2 Arena via the Thames Clipper or the DLR (from Tower Gateway). The rooms are very clean and well presented with all the comforts you would expect from a 5 star hotel and was great value for only £70 per night inc breakfast. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the hotel website we used to book our stay was easy to navigate.We would defintely stay here again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great Place	Stayed here the night before I ran the London Marathon. We got the hotel for £80 per room and it really was superb value. Clean, attentive staff, nice bar and excellent rooms. Breakfast the morning of the run was good and very quick and we needed milk for my 15 month old to drink and this was brought upto our room instantly. Location is fantastic and right on Tower Bridge. 200 yards walk from the tube station. Overall, fantastic and cant wait to go back next year.	
Apr 28 2008	Fantastic Hotel DEFINITELY 5*	Just come back from a hen weekend away at this beautiful hotel. We got our key and walked into our very spacious room (been to other hotels in london and rooms have been much smaller) with huge windows looking over Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Two HUGE double beds, flat screen, lovely bathroom, and it was absolutely spotless. I know a few other people didnt have such a good view, but i think its the luck of the draw. A continental breakfast is included which was lovely, but you have to pay extra for a full English. Less than a minute walk from the tube, and from the river. Whoever has a bad experience of this hotel must have been very unlucky as we had 15 rooms, and i didnt hear a bad word. Would definitely visit again.	
Apr 18 2008	Great Hotel Great Location	My daughter and I stayed at the Grange City Hotel March 21-24, 2008. I received a great rate directly from the hotel website. We checked in late on a Friday evening after a long day of travel and were pleasantly surprised when we were upgraded to a suite! The room had two twin beds, a separate sitting area and two televisions. From our room window, we were able to see the Tower of London. The marble washroom had a bathtub w/shower and a separate shower. This hotel also has an indoor pool and hot tub, a gym full of cardio equipment and a locker room with showers. We never used the gym but my daughter had great fun swimming in the pool. The location is perfect, a stone's throw from the Tower Hill underground station, Tower of London, Tower Bridge. However, because it is more in the City of London business area, you won't find a restaurant or shop on every corner. We either ate at the hotel next door or hopped on the tube to Leicester Square or Picadilly Circus, where restaurants and shops are everywhere. We never ate in the restaurants, even though continental breakfast was included in the price of the room. We ordered room service for the last evening we were there. Very pricey, but I expected it from room service. I was going to have breakfast in the hotel the last morning we were there, but I was informed that an English breakfast was £24 for adults and CHILDREN! We opted to eat across the road in the Novotel on more than one occasion. The price fit our budget much better. The only other &quot;complaint&quot; was about the location of our room. Being so close to the underground, there was always a heavy stream of traffic walking past the hotel. (Looking at the front of the hotel, our room was directly about the top Grange City Hotel sign.) Even in the early hours of the morning, someone was returning from a night out on the town or a football game. The sound of the voices of the people echoed off the buildings and was sometimes quite loud, waking me from sleep. I think if we were in the back of the building, as opposed to the front, we would not have been bothered by it.	
Apr 17 2008 	Poor Quality for a Five Star	I booked a double room with my 10 year old daughter for the weekend of 12th and 13th April. Having read the reviews I was a bit concerned - I did note on checking in that a business traveller asked if the room was (and gesticulated left). I was shown to the right. On going up in the lifts some American tourists were complaining about the railway line noise. When we went up to the room I looked out the window and we were right over a railway track. I mean, right over. The room was very cramped for a hotel which advertises itself as having some of the biggest rooms in London (with great views .... of a railroad).Anyway, I hemmed and hawed about it but finally rang up to complain. It was costing 160 euro for the night after all (plus I hadn't liked when I phoned to book being quoted 110 sterling, only to discover that was exclusive of VAT. I've never been quoted a hotel rate exclusive of VAT before and that made me wary of the company - unfortunately because of the London Marathon I couldn't get anything else at that late stage).Anyway, on complaining I was upgraded to a much better, larger room at the front of the hotel with a view of the bridge. So obviously there are some rooms for the gillies.The breakfast was unbelievably bad. I was asked if I wanted tea or coffee and was given coffee from a tray which the waitress was carrying around - as a result it was barely tepid and like sludge. I asked later for another pot and it was slightly warmer but still sludgy. I gave up on the coffee and went to the hot water dispenser to make a cup of hot tea only there was no water. The continental breakfast consisted of a plate with three meats - a poor quality ham, a turkey and a salami. There was another plate of processed sliced cheese. That's not a continental breakfast and particularly in a five star. Apart from that there were boiled eggs and some reasonable bread rolls, and there were croissants and danish pastries that were completely inedible. This wasn't merely a personal observation, by the way, others were complaining about the cold coffee and the inedible food.All in all, I wouldn't be back. The pluses were that it is convenient to the train station (har har, especially from the rooms on the right hand side!). Our rooms were clean, the pool is lovely but more aimed at adults than kids. I didn't visit the sauna or spa because I'd a kid with me.Oh, one thing - the cleanliness of the pool left a bit to be desired. An employee asked me if there was a key in the pool - when I went to pick it up it was a plaster. My daughter was swimming underwater and found three plasters just in one lane. I was in the jacuzzi and there was a dressing just near the step on the tiles outside. I ignored it, gritted my teeth and got in. A girl came out and took a sample of the water and as soon as I got out she roped it off. Urrrgh.	
Apr 17 2008	Disappointed	We have just returned from a one night stay and frankly the experience was disappointing. There were major problems with the efficiency of check-in, the room was extremely small for what is rated as a 5 star hotel and full breakfast turned out to be something less. For future visits I think we will stick to other hotels in the area which we know from past experience will deliver efficient service and better value.	
Apr 14 2008	Great Location Great Weekend	I have just returned from my stay at the grange city hotel after a very enjoyable weekend. I stayed at the Grange city for one night, once I had arived it took me 5 minutes to check in, before i was upgraded for free to an executive suite. The hotel was great the staff very helpful and the concierge even looked after out bags on the Sunday. I have nothing bad to say about the hotel and I am sure anyone who is booked to stay there will have nothing but good experiences.	
Apr 14 2008 	It was okay - pool is wonderful	Stayed here as part of a girlie night with work. We have a corporate deal with the Grange and the rate that was paid was excellent. We had a free upgrade to an executive twin room and two bowls of fruit was brought up for us to enjoy. Check in seemed very slow for the time of day, we had to wait for two of the staff to finish &quot;doing something&quot; before we were seen to. Is it me or are reception staff always doing something else whilst you wait to be checked in? Anyway, that took about 5-10 minutes. The room (920) was lovely, spacious and overlooked the Tower of London. The bathroom reasonably spacious but definitely enough for two girls to get ready in.We found the room quite hot at night, there are air conditioning controls but we were too lazy to tackle them.In the morning I found the breakfast room far too large, it looked like some identi-kit all-inclusive holiday room. The food was of quality but staff seemed sleepy and didn't seem to be on top of things too much- we had asked for two pots of tea, one turned up and then the other 30 minutes later. We were also privy to an argument between staff - which we didn't expect to have to listen to. A full english was £8 supplement which I think is probably quite good, it looked okay when it came out too.The swimming pool and spa facilities ARE excellent, I spent a good hour and a half enjoying the gorgeous pool/jacuzzi/steam room/sauna/aromatherapy room. Friends booked massages and they said that it was very good. Molton Brown in the changing rooms and no £1 coin lockers - thumbs up.There were two children in the pool area whilst I was there but I don't think that there was much for them to do - no toys around and the pool was split into slow/fast and lesson swimming lanes - also, there is no shallow end which I think children rely on. I wouldn't take children to this swimming pool.Check out was good, there was no problem for me to split the bill will my room mate who had not checked out yet. So check out was good, check in was slow.	
Apr 12 2008 	as expected	The hotel was located quite close to the Tower &amp; Tower Bridge and the T station.The service in the hotel was good, staff friendly, checkin ok.We did not eat in the hotel and also did not use other facilities. The room itself was larger than expected. Bedroom and room were clean.	
Mar 31 2008	great location	well I read the reviews and was concerned about check in and out but they have taken the poor reviews on board and although very busy the wait was not that long.The breakfast was more than adequate, fresh fruit, yogurts , cold meat ,cheeses,eggs, crossiants I don't know what more people expect.The location is ideal for getting around London, Tower Hill Tube, the D L R and the Thames Tripper all with in walking distance .We ate in the japanese reasturant good food and well pricedWe would go back againwe had room 1001 the view was amazing	
Mar 19 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the City Grange on a Saturday night and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was v.clean and we had an amazing view. We did not have time to use the swimming pool or the gym but we had a look at them both and i am dissapointed that i did not make time to use them!The Continental breakfast was good and if you wanted more toast...ect. the staff were more than happy to bring more out for you. I thought the staff were very polite and helpful although as mentioned in previous reviews the check-in was slow and i did have to wait for a while! We did notice a lot of young people staying on the Saturday night and there was even a hen party staying - so you may experience a little bit of noise. We only experienced noise in the morning from the bedroom next to us - nothing major but enough to wake us up. If you get hungry after a night out and am hoping for some room service - the menu is very limited after 11pm, mainly just sandwiches available.All in all, I liked the hotel and I would stay here again.	
Mar 18 2008 	OK - Needs improvement	Stayed with mum and sister for 1 night, booked a family room got an executive with 2 beds instead of family room with 2 beds and a sofabed. The room was nice so did not ask to be moved as we were on the 7th Floor on the renovated side, didn't want to risk what we might have got if we had moved. The hotel has nice facilities with the pool, jacuzzi and sauna/steam rooms. The new rooms are just like the pictures on the website and have good facilities tv with pay per view movies, mini bar etc. The main down fall was the restaurant, the hotel has 4 to choose from we chose the forum restaurant which is the hotels main restaurant and thought this would be the best as it was much dearer than the others as well. We had a long wait for our food. I don't know what was going on there but have a suspicion either there was only 1 person in the kitchen or that kitchen was doing all the food for all the restaurants or you would think so for the time it took for 2 soups and a prawn cocktail to arrive! It was the same for other guests from what I could tell. On to the food.... Well starters were ok that was the best it got. Main courses I had fish which was satisfactory not much I can complain about but not much to comment on either. My mum had pasta which was very bland and only warm but swimming in oil - not very nice at all and my sister had Risotto = It was basically a hard pile of bland over cooked rice. We complained about the risotto and said the pasta was also not good. We were offered complimentary tea and were told the risotto would be taken off the bill which was good. But then the bill arrived still with the risotto when we raised this we were told we had had free tea and they couldn't take it off the bill as it was already done.? I couldn't bear to argue so just paid. After dinner we used the pool and facilities then back to the room for an uncomfortable nights sleep as the bed had a rather large well in the centre and sharing meant I was sleeping on the lumpy edge of the well. In the morning breakfast - continental was included but english would have been an extra £8 each so we stayed with continental not a huge choice but I managed to find something to eat - the hard boilded eggs were ok and the cold chewy toast was actually quite nice in a weird way. Lots of tiptree jam and marmalaide to choose from too. On check out I mentioned the dinner problems and was offered to speak to the manager so I did and he refunded the cost of the risotto without much fuss. Over all The only thing this hotel has going for it is its pool and gym facilities and the decor of the refurbished rooms is quite nice. Other than that I would say it is average Not 5*, more like 3* or 4* if im very generouse. Also just to mention our room was supposed to be refurbished which it looked like apart from the bath had holes in the enamel/ceramic - only used the shower so wasn't too bothered but spoilt the overall look - if you were expecting 5* perfection. Kind of was for the price ! as was dearer than 3 or 4* which we had also looked at. IF you want real 5* pay extra and go somewhere else, if you want 3-4* then here is fine.	
Mar 4 2008 	Concerns regarding the hotel	I've stayed here several times. The hotel has issues and for the money it isn't worth the value anymore.The problem has to do with staffing as well as basic cleanliness issues. We saw a rat in the hotel. Enough said. We refused to eat here after that.The staff is untrained. Many of them cannot speak or understand English. The concierge and the front desk are among these individuals.The location is good if you're in the City. Otherwise, I would avoid.	
Mar 3 2008 	Palatial Penthouse!!	We stayed here for two nights for my 30th birthday. A friend has recommended the Grange Holborn, but we wanted something really close to Tower Bridge, and the Grange City fitted the bill perfectly.I remember booking about a month in advance and was quoted £230.00 for two nights in a standard room. I thought this was reasonable for a 5* hotel in London. We arrived at about 9.30pm, walked into this wonderful marbled lobby and thought we'd made an excellent choice. Well we couldn't believe it when we were told that we had been upgraded to one of the penthouse suites on the 12th floor!!! This suite was fantastic, with a separate sitting and dining room, it's own kitchen, amazing bathroom and the hugest, most comfortable bed. The views to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London were amazing.We didn't have dinner here either of the two nights (we had a reservation at Fifteen) but upgraded to full English both days which was lovely - it came really quickly, despite a packed restaurant. We were aware that our booking only included a continental buffet so we weren't surprised when a supplement was added for breakfast.We did manage a dip in the pool, which was also lovely, really relaxing. The only slight complaint I have is during check-out on the Sunday. You would expect a hotel of this size to have enough places for guests to leave luggage after checkout but this was unbelievably chaotic, and we queued for over 45 mins, just to leave our cases with concierge. When you've got a days sightseeing to pack in, 45 mins is just too long to wait. Saying that, the staff were very apologetic and hey, we did get the upgrade, so I'm still giving them 5 stars.We would definitely stay again, not sure we'd be lucky enough to get the penthouse again!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Brilliant Value for London	We booked via the hotel's website 2 days prior to arrival. We got the double ensuite room £80.00 late deal weekend on offer and rang in advance to request a view room as other reviewers had suggested some rooms were not very well appointed.We found the hotel easily and parked the car in the Tower Gate car park for a bargain £2.50 for the weekend!!On arrival at the hotel, a very pleasant and efficient trainiee receptionist checked us in without delay. She apologised that they had not been able to allocate us a room with a view of the Tower so hoped we would not be too dissapointed with an upgraded room with a limited tower view. She did explain that they would &quot;hold&quot; a £50 room guarantee for any potential use of the mini bar and this is quite normal in 5* hotels. However we will just check to make sure our credit card hasn't been charged as mistakes can, and do, happen.Our room on the 6th floor was lovely. It was very large (two very comfy double beds, 2 sofas and a coffee table) and spotlessly clean. Although it overlooked a courtyard and we could only see one turret of the Tower of London, we felt we'd got a bargain!We used the pool, sauna and steam room which were all very nice. The pool was warm. Some families with children were using the pool as it was the weekend but they were well behaved and we were still able to swim lengths without interuption. Fresh, clean towels are provided in the leisure area. We did not use the Gym but it looked excellent. Lots of very up-to-date, well looked after equipment and nicely air conditioned. In the evening we walked from the hotel to the few bars and restaurants closeby. What we hadn't expected was that because of the area being primarily the financial district many of the bars and hotels didn't open at the weekend. That was a shame since we passed some very interesting eateries which we would have liked to have tried. In the end it was a good old Pizza Express that satisfied our hunger. Continental breakfast was included, although we could have upgraded to full English for an additional £5.60. We felt it wasn't necessary and to be honest it wouldn't have been. The continental buffet offered a vast array of juices, fresh fruit, cerals, dried fruit and nuts, yoghurts, cold meats, cheese and boiled eggs, croissants, toast, jam, bread rolls, danish pastries and copious amounts of freshly poured tea and coffee. We found more than enough to fill us up for the day and we found the breakfast service staff were excellent.We checked out at 10.30 without any delay and whilst we stood contemplating whether to leave our bags at the hotel whilst we explored a bit ,a young bell boy appeared beside us and offered to store our luggage if we would like......we hadn't even needed to ask!The tube station is just a stones throw from the hotel and access to and from central london is excellent. We decided to spend our day in Covent Garden which is always a pleasure.We returned about 4.30 pm and were quickly reuinted with our luggage. Once again the service was excellent and with a smile.Overall we had an excellent experience with the Grange City Hotel, and for the £80 we paid we have no complaints at all. We would definitely stay again if we could get a similar deal.	
Feb 25 2008 	Just Average	I was celebrating a special weekend and to be honest I do no think the hotel lived up to my expectations. Having paid what I did for the room I expected a nice view and a good size room. My one window overlooked another hotel and the room was smaller then what I expected for a 5 star (it was like a box)! Very disappointing!It is also important to know that on arrival I was also asked for a fee of £75 a night for use of the mini bar and telephone etc however I refused as I was not informed of such charges. Further on the bad side the staff are ALL foreign and not many seem to know what there doing, smiles are also hard to come by and there just does not seem to be much knowledge of what to do between them! In addition I requested a massage in the same room as my partner, guess what.....yep we ended up in different rooms and the massage was also quite poor. On the positive the bed was extremely nice, big and comfy, however following a day walking about anywhere would do and payment for this seems a luxury not needed.The bathroom was nice, however nothing special and nothing my travellodge room in the past has not provided! The location is good and very close to the underground, there are bars and restaurants within 5 minutes walk however not enough to satisfy a complete night and more exploring would be needed. The place is clean and the Swimming pool etc. are good, as was the continental breakfast and coffee as i am satisfied with cheese, toast cereal and ham (there is an added charge for bacon and egg!)I suppose I am writing this in a rather bitter state due to the fact the price I paid and my expectations.....no way a 5 star and do not count on it in fulfilling a luxury hotel stay. Nice, (could have been better with bigger rooms and better Views....my luck) however for the price disappointing I am afraid!	
Feb 24 2008	Loved the view	I would stay here again if I got a special deal like some others who paid £88 per night I paid £225 and felt it was too much especially with the breakfast being only Continental, I only managed to get a coffee and bit of fresh fruit in the morning, I was not going to pay an extra £8 for eggs and bacon.The room was lovely with stunning views of Tower Bridge and clean. Staff try hard to please but need to speak more English especially Concierge which is vitally important.I would agree with the other reviews that say its not really 5star, more a good 4 star and with a bit of refreshment and new carpet in the restaurant which was threadbare.........I chose the hotel because it had a pool which was super Olympic size, but was a tad cold and so I only used it twice in the four days stay.Location was great for the Tube and DLR	
Feb 23 2008 	Good hotel great location fantastic fitness facilities	Stayed at the Grange for one night on a special occasion and overall the hotel was good value and the location can’t be faulted. We stayed in an executive room which was huge and had a separate sitting area as well as a sofa and table in the very large sleeping area.The room was clean and well supplied with tea/coffee and toiletries. Unfortunately the CD player was missing and they were unable to supply one, disappointing as we’d brought along some CDs to add to the ambience of our celebration. We complained twice and were offered one alternative room but it was a fraction of the size and on a smoking floor so we declined.The hotel is in a perfect location to explore the City of London and has the Tower of London almost on the doorstep as well as an abundance of pubs and restaurants nearby. It’s only a few steps from a tube station.The fitness facilities are outstanding, overall the best I’ve seen in a hotel. The gym is quite small but had plenty of cardio machines, very good selection of free weights, punchbag/gloves, skipping ropes etc. It also has a Roman-themed 25 metre pool, Jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. The facilities are also a members’ fitness club so I suspect they may get busy at peak times during the week but were pretty empty during our weekend stay.The complimentary Continental breakfast was good and a full English breakfast is available for about $15 extra.We both thoroughly enjoyed our stay, mainly because of the great fitness facilities but were disappointed with the attitude of many of the staff. If only the management could persuade them to smile occasionally it would make for a much more pleasant experience for the guest.	
Feb 18 2008	Interesting....	Right, When trying to decide where to stay for our weekend away I used this and many other review sites to try and establish whether I was making the right choice! I thought I would pass my knowledge on to anybody else out there who is doing the same.My partner and I stayed at the Grange city hotel for 2 nights 15th to 18th of Feb. First impressions were good, We arrived early and they kindly offered to hold our bags for us until our room was ready later on in the afternoon, when we returned later in the day to check in it seemed that every other guest had the same idea! Contrary to some other reviews I had read previosuly the staff seemed more than capably to deal with the influx of people and whilst the check in wasnt super speedy I wouldn't say that I felt I was kept waiting for a unreasonable amount of time. The room was nicely decorated, and clean, the bed was unbelievably comfortable! The bathroom was a tad on the small side, I expected it to be a bit bigger seeing as we had booked an executive room but all in all i was impressed. We had dinner in the Brasserie, the food was reasonably priced and very well presented. I wouldnt recommend the hotels 2nd restaurant, looked a bit too formal to me.. its up to personal preference though hey.  Breakfast was ok, not anything too special. In most hotels I have stayed in with a continental breakfast they have some hot choices like bacon or scambled egg, but here you have to pay £8.00 extra for such luxuries, so be warned.The location was fabulous for anything you wanted to do, the tube station is literally 100 metres away from the front entrance and the view of the Tower of London and the Tower bridge from the hotel is amazing. Unfortunatly our room wasnt facing the river but if you are fortunate enough to get a room with a view it would most definatly impress.  All in all I have but one complaint with our stay. We had checked out in the morning not realising that they had charged £100.00 to my partners card for security purposes? we were not informed that the card would be debited, they merely said it was for security and that the data would be taken off of their system upon our departure. We questioned it and teh receptionist informed us that teh money would be back in teh acount in 3 or 4 days? So be warned, if you are a young traveler like myself with not too much money to spare, make sure you have atleast £100 in your account extra before you give them the card!! I personally woudlnt say that it deserves its 5* status, more like a 4* My last word of advice would be to book it late through the hotel, they lower their prices in the final week to book the rooms out so hold out and you can get a bargain!	
Feb 17 2008 	Very Good Hotel For A Weekend In London	Stayed at the Grange City Hotel last weekend with my girlfriend as we were going to the Tutankhamun exhibition at the O2 Arena on the saturday night.We checked in on the friday night and visited a few local bars in the city which were quite good.The hotel is ideally situated next to Tower Bridge and the tower of london and not far from Tower Millenium Pier and you can take to the boat to Westminster or Greenwich and the O2 Arena the boat company to use is Thames clippers.com and they offer fast frequent boat services.The hotel has a fairly decent continental breakfast selection and if you want a full english breakfast it will cost you £8 each which is quite reasonable for a 5 star hotel.The Grange has a very good swimming pool, sauna steam room and a very good gym.The only problem which they do need to address is the very slow check out which occurred on the sunday morning after breakfast which could be adressed by having a 12 o clock check out instead of 11 am the check out was horrendous with people coming out from breakfast and trying to check out.Overall a very pleasant hotel stay in London and i would definitely go back but the problem with check in needs to be addressed	
Feb 16 2008 	Excellent value for money	Many thanks to Tripadvisor reviewers. We were forewarned about the check in and took it in our stride. Apart from our check in, the queues seemed minimal but there is a problem that could be addressed - perhaps by suggesting guests sit down and calling them in turn. That's the criticism over with. The hotel decoration is splendid, the food just fine (Farmers salad recommended), the pool inviting, the staff welcoming and the rooms and facilities very good. Value for money at the weekend rate is exceptional. The location is very good for the Tower of London, the river walks on both sides of the Thames, the Underground and the marvellous Thamesclippers service (which now goes to the London Eye and Embankment piers rather than the Savoy pier). I plan to stay there again and make more of the many attractions within easy striking distance.	
Feb 15 2008 	They really know how to fix a problem here!	My husband and I stayed at the Grange City Hotel for ten nights and all in all, we were very pleased by the hotel and their attention to a few issues we had at the beginning of our stay.We had a few complaints about the cleanliness of the room and the rates. Since we were staying at the hotel over a weekend, we should have been given the weekend internet rates which included English breakfast. However, since we booked through my husband's company's travel agent, we were given the set corporate rate which were more than double the weekend rates on the Grange's website. When we complained to the Grange, they refused to give us an adjustment, and suggested having the travel agent cancel the 2 nights and rebook it on the Grange's site, but we were not satisfied with this solution. We were also very unhappy with the amount of dust &amp; dirt in the room and the toilet appeared to have not been cleaned in over a week.We had the manager on duty, Ashey Ameer, come up to the room to inspect the room, and he immediately offered to upgrade our room the next day and also gave us full English breakfast for the duration of our stay. When we came back to our new room the next day, our jaws almost hit the floor. Our room was on the 12th floor - the penthouse floor - and was a 2-room suite with a super king sized bed, chandeliers, bathroom with tub and separate stall shower, Molton Brown bath products, 2 plasma TV's, desk with computer, the works. We were given a bottle of champagne, a fruit platter and truffles as well. The room also had a balcony with an amazing view of the Tower Bridge and the Tower of London. We felt like rock stars, and were pretty much treated that way for the rest of our stay. It pays to complain, if you do indeed have legitimate complaints as we did. We did order room service a few times, no issues there, food was always good and service was quick. The English breakfast is everything you would expect in London - eggs, bacon, hash browns, tomatoes, mushrooms, beans, etc. We ate twice at the onsite sushi restaurant, Koto II, and it was great and has an all you can eat deal for GBP 17.95 Monday thru Friday. It has one of those sushi conveyor belts, which was pretty cool. We would definitely suggest making a reservation for lunch at the The Wine Library which is right next door to the hotel and does a wine lunch for GBP 15.95 per person. You buy the wine from their shop and pay a GBP 4.50 corkage fee and you can eat as much as you want from their buffet lunch of patés, cured meats, cheeses, etc. The hotel itself is in a great location for business travellers, and is right next to the Tower Hill tube station, so it's easy to get around to other parts of London from there.	
Feb 13 2008 	Not bad at all - nice hotel in good location for business	I stayed here from February 9-12 while in London on business and was pleasantly surprised. Front desk and bell staff were all very efficient and police. Restaurant food was not bad and breakfast was quite good. My room, #1107, was very comfortable - good working television, nice bathroom, spotless clean, very comfortable bed, safe, ethernet connection for my laptop at reasonable fee. I could not complain at all. I felt all hotel charges were reasonable. Staff fetched taxis for me quickly and with energetic pleasure.Location wise it is a great place for business in the City and is less than a block from the Tower Hill station making it easy to get just about anywhere. I would find the location a bit out of the way and dull if spending time on holiday, but also very convenient with a quick ride on the Underground.	
Feb 10 2008 	Luxury at a great rate last minute on the hotels website.	I booked this hotel last minute after seeing it on lastminute.com. However booked it cheaper through the hotels own website on a Thursday to stay on the Saturday in a double suite inc continental Breakfast for £88.The hotel lists itself as 5 star... I'm not sure it is quite 5 star but certainly an extremely good 4 star. All the staff behaved in a manner that you expect in higher quality hotels, whereby you were given the impression they wanted to make any extra effort to make your stay was a good one. The bed was extremely comfortable, room spotless, TV with jukebox built in, modern bathroom and simply stunning balcony views of the Tower of London and the river beyond. We ate dinner in the hotel, mainly because this area of the city is so quiet at the weekends. It was good but perhaps not quite the standards I'd expect in a hotel that has 5 stars. The buffet breakfast was fairly standard and we upgraded for £8 to a cooked breakfast which was very good.I cant comment on what this place is like during the week. But at the weekend there were clearly quite a lot of people taking advantage of the cut prices. Not that this should distract from your stay but possibly worth remembering if you have issues with the demographic of your fellow hotel guests.In summary, an excellent hotel and at £88 for the night a bargain for a piece of real luxury in the centre of London.	
Feb 4 2008 	nice hotel	stayed here for one night got a great price through own website reception very impressive but checkin quite slow and uninformative had to ask about breakfast etc rooms are nice abit small but your only going to sleep there bathroom small but nice with good shower etc and nice toiletries beds and pillows very comfy, coninental brekkie nice right next to tower hill tube but in a very quiet location close to the tower.	
Jan 30 2008	Fantastic stay	We stayed at The Grange City Hotel 2 nights ,25-27/1.We had 2 rooms with a wonderful view over The Thames.Breakfast wasn\t the best for a 5 star hotel.But we will definitely stay here again ,as you can get a good price on the hotels webside for the weekends.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great stay bargain price	I stayed here for one night and was very impressedI managed to get a better price booking the hotel directly from its own websiteRoom was on the 6th floor,good size beautiiful bathroom,hairdryer,own iron etcBreakfast was in a buffet style,lots of variety,fresh foodFriendly helpful staffCant fault it really will definately stay there again	
Jan 14 2008 	Our first choice hotel in London	The City Grange hotel is our first choice when we're staying in London. They frequently offer cheap weekend deals for the rooms that include a continental breakfast. The hotel itself is furnished to a very high quality, with large spacious rooms and nice bathrooms.The swimming pool and sauna are usually quiet on a weekend, and we always take the opportunity for a relaxing swim and jacuzzi on a Sunday morning when we're staying. The fitness suite isn't particularly large, but is also usually quite although we don't use it very often!The hotel is located within a 3 minute walk of the Tower Hill tube station, and so it's very easy to get around London. The tube station stays open quite late, so there's more than enough to take in a show and then visit a bar or two for a few drinks after. It's also only half an hour from Kings Cross, so it's useful when we're traveling in on the train.We've stayed at this hotel many times, and haven't ever had any problems. The service is very good, and we've never had any problems with the check in. They're offer the usual luggage service so you can leave your bags with them after the check out time, and pick them up later. Fantastic hotel.	
Jan 12 2008 	Nice hotel little expensive	I stayed in this hotel because collegues from our LondonCity office recommended this hotel.Personally I think it was a little too expensive for a business trip.I checked in late but the people were friendly and nice.The breakfast is great. I can't say anything about the pool. In fact I just noticed they have a pool :-)	
Jan 7 2008 	quaint	this is my second time staying here.I have no complaints except the check in is the slowest in the world!Nice location, nice rooms, nice breakfast.Feels secure too.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Value !!!!	Let me start by saying this is not a 5 star probably a very good 4 star, but we paid £80 for a friday night stay with breakfast and had a room on the 11th floor with probably the best view of London you will get, tower bridge, tower of london, the thames etc etc. The room was comefortable and modern, but the bathroom very small. We stayed in the tower hotel last year and the Grange is far superiour and cheeper. the continental breakfast was a bit of a chore (big queue). we would definatly go back, their weekend rate is very good value, wouldnt bother going down for breakfast. though.If you are going to book make sure you get a high room with a tower view, some of the lower floors just looked out to a court yard.	
Jan 5 2008	Good Value	I booked this hotel as I was on a budget and needed interconnecting rooms. This hotel provided both.I have to admit the check in process did seem to take a long time, fortunately we were second in line. If there had been more, it may have been more of an issue.Apart from that small point the hotel was excellent, and even though it is not a 5 star, I would say it is a good 4 star.	
Dec 27 2007 	Stolen items from room and the manager could care less	I stayed this December at the Grange City hotel with my two college aged sons for three nights. The room and hotel lobby were beautiful. The breakfast was not cluttered as I had expected from other reviews. The problem occurred when we noticed that our backpacks which had been left in the room were opened and one of the Ipods and expensive sound blocking headphones were stolen. I called the front desk and politely asked to speak to the manager, Benjamin---amazingly he refused to talk to me and sent the head of housekeeping who promised we would receive a call from the manager. I told her it was our last night in London and I wanted the manager to leave a message on the phone for me. Four hours later, he still hadn't called me. When I called him, he was rude and said that he didn't call me, because he had nothing to tell me until he talked to the morning housekeeper. With all the people in and out of our room from the hotel staff, we could not definitively say which one did it. The manager refused to apologize, since he said we could not prove there were stolen items.So, at around 9:30pm my two sons and I went to the police department to file a report. The officer was so kind and said she would call the hotel and have some words with Benjamin about why one of the most expensive hotels in London would treat a guest so shabbily in addition to enquiring about the incident.By the time we returned to the room from the police station, the manager called and left a message stating that the police officer called him and that there was nothing he could do until he talked to housekeeping, but he would get back to me. Even at this point, there was no apology or concern for our lost goods.Guess what? We checked out of the hotel on Christmas Eve morning and I still have not heard from Benjamin.What a pathetic manager for such a lovely facility. Shame on the Grange for allowing its visitors to be victimized twice: once through a robbery from our room and secondly from the manager's reaction.	
Dec 20 2007 	Good deal	We stayed here for a saturday night xmas party in London. Although our room was not available when we turned up we went for a bite to eat in St Katherines Dock. When we did get checked in we managed to get a free upgrade to a suite. The room was clean and tidy. The bed was 8 foot wide!! and comfy. The swimming pool and sauna was good and you didnt have to pay extra to use these like some other London Hotels. Continental breakfast was included but for an extra £8 you could get a full english which is a good price for London. We drove up from Essex and could get parked in the area easily free of charge. We drove into the west end for our party really easily but if you dont have a car there is a tube station 1 min away from the hotel. The staff were freindly and helpful. The only negative thing I could say was the time it took to check in and out. I would definately stay here again given its location for being the East side of London to get back to Essex	
Dec 18 2007 	If you want good service 	Stayed here 3 times on business now and it doesn't get any better, medioca at best if you are used to the standard of service experienced in 5* hotels in asia this barely registers half a *. To see this place at its best (worst!) go to breakfast the staff are untrained or uninterested &amp; barely breathing, this place maybe in walking distance of the office but, I'm staying at Claridges in the future!!	
Dec 10 2007	Grange City - Worst 5 Star Hotel in London...	I got married on Saturday 8th December, in London. It rained for most of the day but the church service was beautiful, dinner was absolutely lovely and everyone was up and dancing as soon as the disco started.The only thing that spoilt the weekend was the Grange City Hotel.I arrived on Friday evening, with a room allocation of 12 rooms and several hungry wedding guests looking to check in and get the wedding weekend underway.Personally, checking in took me 40 minutes. That's 20 minutes waiting to be served and another 20 minutes from the time I reached the desk till I had my room card in my hand. The reason given was that the receptionist wanted to &quot;find me an extra special room&quot;. From listening to his increasingly worried phonecalls it was clear that, actually, no room had been allocated to me and he was trying to find a vacant one.At the Grange City guests have to pay in full for their accommodation (in advance) at check in and then also put their card through again for pre-authorisation. When checking out, you then have to pay again for anything subsequently purchased. This system is apparently in place to 'speed up the process' - what it actually means is that everything is duplicated and extremely slow. Rooms are also not allocated in advance, as the hotel apparently had a problem with people not turning up. The queue at reception was enormous - it continued to be so, as far as I could tell, for the entire weekend, regardless of what time of day it was. There were never less than 4 people waiting at any one time. At one point there were eighteen.It then took me another 15 minutes to a) find someone who could find the bags I had left with the hotel earlier, b) find my wedding dress, and c) actually work out how to hand them over to me so I could go up to my room.Almost an hour later, and with some of my guests still waiting to check in as only one computer terminal now appeared to be working, I went up to the 10th floor. On entering my room, it soon became clear that the &quot;extra special room&quot; was actually directly over the train line, with the station announcements clearly audible through the double glazing.The room itself was completely uninspiring and felt much more like a mediocre 3 star than a 5 star hotel room - tiny, a fake wood effect desk, no hairdryer, 2 small towels and a telephone that looked like a throwback to the 1970s.The next day I asked that my makeup artist be sent up to my sister's room, as we would be getting ready together. 20 minutes after her arrival at the hotel, she rang me on my mobile to ask which room I was in, as no one in reception had any idea - apparently she had been standing at reception for 20 minutes while someone tried to access the computer system, with no success. All the staff in the immediate area denied all knowledge of having spoken to me.While my sister and I were getting ready, my (then) fiancee was at our house arguing with the Grange Hotel booking service - someone from the Grange Group called him at 10am to demand an explanation for why he had been a &quot;no show&quot; at the hotel. Despite trying to explain that he was not due at the hotel till that evening, the person on the phone ended the call insisting that he had not arrived and that his booking had therefore been cancelled.Not what you need on the morning of your wedding,My sister asked for a black cab to take us to the church (5 minutes away by car) - having agreed to book a black cab, the concierge booked a Mercedes, which proceeded to get lost on the way, despite us telling the driver that he was going to wrong way, and then charged us £20. After an absolutely amazing wedding and reception, we headed back to the hotel at about midnight. My husband (!!) and I went up to our room to find that our key card wasn't working. Again. Third time that day. Perfect.We actually got off lightly. The hotel gave us a new key card and we got into our room. Little did we know that two of our guests had to sit in reception for almost an hour, as the hotel did not have their room ready. At midnight. Despite the fact that they had booked the room a month in advance. They were eventually upgraded to a suite - they headed up to the 12th floor at about 1am, only to find that, when they tried to get into the room, the key card didn't work. You've probably spotted a theme emerging.The next morning, we were woken at 8.50 by housekeeping banging repeatedly on the door. Lovely start to our first day as a married couple.I complained to the Duty Manager and had some of the room service charges removed from my guests' bills. This did basically nothing to compensate me for the fact that the majority of my guests had complained about either the standard of service, the room facilities, the systems, the breakfast, the staff's attitude, the hotel in general, the queues... and on and on and on.I was mortified at the fact that people had paid for a stay that was, at best, OK and, at worst, shockingly bad. With all the beautiful hotels in London - most of which actually seem to care about guests and customer service levels - I can only hope that the AA re-visit the Grange City and actually see it for what it is - a hotel that is simply not delivering and does not deserve the rating it currently has. At the moment, 3 stars would probably be too generous.	
Nov 24 2007 	A damn good freebie!!	I have just returned from a free night's stay at the Grange Hotel paid for by my fellow traveller's work. From our arrival to our departure I could not find any real fault with the hotel and I most definately found a lot which is to its merit!The bed....oh the bed ZZZZZzzzzzzZZZZzzzzz!!!We stayed in a twin room on the 7th floor and both of the beds were double in size, which was a real luxury. The duvets and pillows were absolutely sumptuous- filled with feathers and despite my fellow traveller having an allergy to to feather duvets they did not affect her in any way- so they must have been of good quality and they most certainly felt it. The bed itself was more than comfortable, I realy struggled to get up in the morning because I was so cozy and snug.Location and Noise/ Light Pollution.The curtains completely blackout the windows there's no chance of any light pollution creeping through. The hotel is located very close to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Although we didnt get views of this the tower as I had hoped we might, the view from our room was not un-pleasant. Generally we could see other buildings and other parts of the hotel. The hotel is located VERY close to a tube station, the line ran beneath our window- our initial impression was 'oh great'! But in actual fact I can't remember hearing a single train the whole time we stayed and certainly it did not wake us in the night as we were expectng it might. The Room/ En-Suite.Our room was found in a good clean condition, the decor was tasteful and although it was not 'modern' in its style and probably not how I would decorate my own bedroom, but still it was NOT tired looking, and there were no signs of cracks/ peeling wall paper etc. The facilities in our room were everything that you would expect of a 5* hotel- including tyes a hair-dryer ladies which worked very well and also a very expensive mini-bar featuring a Kit-Kat chunky breaking the bank at £2.25!!! Might I add we didn't even open the door after having read the price list in our welcome pack.The bathroom was gorgeous, very nicely decorated and I loved the glass doors over the bath which you could close when you showered- but be warned when leaving the shower, both my fellow traveller and I very nearly slipped when we trod on the bath mat, as the floor is very slippery even when dry- take caution if walking in there with socks on too!! There's plenty of hot water, no problems there and all facilities worked well. Although we were a bit stumped on how to get the plug out the bath once you had put it in. It wasn't a plug on a chain, it just slotted in and had nothing to grip to pull it out (we forced it out with a pair of tweezers in the end)... there probably is a 'proper' way of getting it out but between us we couldn't find a lever/ button/ knob/ handle anywhere that operated it.Staff, Service and Breakfast.The hotel has a very formal feel and the staff that we met were all very polite, friendly and helpful, but also very professional and performed their jobs very well. They seem to be very good at anticipating your needs... e.g. when we came down to check out we were offered luggage storage and while they were organising this they took note of whether we would need any transport on our return later in the day (which we did). When we arrived later in the day, we collected our bags and as we returned back to main reception, they had already flagged a cab down for us, without having to ask them. The level of service was very consistent and worked well overall.Breakfast had all that you would expect of a 5* hotel, smoked salmon, various cheeses, pastries, fresh yogurt (in cute little jars), cereals, dried fruits, baked breads/ rolls and jams, cooked eggs, sausages, beans, tomatoes, hash browns, mushrooms, fresh fruits (melon of various varieties, strawberries and pinapple). Most importantly, the scrambled egg was not the usual rubbery or crumbly dry stuff you often get, it was very fresh and soft and moist, I was quite impressed.So all in all I would most definately recommend this hotel based on our experience and hope that this review helps you picking your place to stay!	
Nov 22 2007 	Beautiful room and pool servuce not up to par	This is a beautiful hotel in a great location if you’re doing business in “the City”- the 1-mile square financial district in London near the Tower. The hotel is an easy walk from the Tower Hill Tube station and Fenchurch rail station. My room was huge by the standards of any hotel in a big city, with floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking a courtyard with a segment of the original Roman wall around London. One shortcoming was that there were no sheer curtains for the windows. The facing building was an office but I still felt exposed with the curtains open and couldn’t enjoy the nice view with the curtains closed. The bathroom was also tiny by comparison with the room.The 25-meter swimming pool lived up to the standards of the room- generously-sized, and so nice that I really didn’t want to end my morning swim and go to work! One morning there were a total of 6 of us swimming laps and we weren’t running into each other. Unfortunately, the services were not at the same levcel as the quality of the property or the steep room rates ($400/night including VAT- with Internet connection extra, of course). My experience got off to an unfortunate start when I checked in after arriving on the morning redeye from Chicago and then putting in a full day at the office. My room key didn’t work. I really did NOT feel like traipsing down to get a new one, but I did and they cut me a new key. Twenty-four hours later, that one didn’t work and I had to repeat the process. On my last day, I took a swim before checking out, went back to my room, and- you guessed it- had to pad barefoot into the lobby at 7:15 AM, dressed only in a T-shirt over my wet swimsuit and get yet another key.I called Room Service the first night to order dinner; the phone rang and rang and then I got disconnected. Inexplicably, the next time I called someone answered immediately. (The dinner did arrive within the promised time and at the correct temperature, both nights that I used them.) Shortly after checking in I tried calling my husband using a calling card and a toll-free access number and was puzzled when I kept getting connected to the hotel operator after a few digits. I explained that I was trying to place an outside call and she said she’d “open” my phone line. After that it worked. But since when do hotel guests have to call and request that they be able to make outside phone calls?Answering the phone is not a high priority here. My call to the front desk (I wanted to request a wake-up call) rang multiple times and then was rolled over to toll-free reservations line. They were as puzzled as I was as to why they ended up with the call. The next night I dialed O to get the hotel operator to ask about charges for calling toll-free numbers. (I tried selecting the “View Bill” function from the TV after making an 800 call but got a message that this option wasn’t available.) The call rolled over to Reception. They didn’t know. They tried to connect my call to the Operator. It rang, and rang and was eventually rolled over to the same person at reception. They connected me to someone who took my number and said they’d find out and call me back. They never did. I read the material in my room more closely and finally found the answer- a connection charge of 1 GBP. Fine, but why didn’t the employees know that?I got along quite well at the Grange for the next few days by assuming that service would be on a par with Hampton Inns. Well, I may be insulting Hampton Inns. At least most Hamptons have front desk staff ready to serve. The night before I left I wanted to find out the cost of a taxi to Paddington Station so I could make sure I had enough cash. I waited in line forever behind a guy who was having a very complicated checkout and finally asked the nice lady at the desk. I’d have to ask the Concierge, she said, who would also have to book it for me. The concierge, of course, had his own waiting line and I turned on my heel and left. I knew there were plenty of cabs waiting outside the hotel in the morning and I’d just ask one. Just for fun, I asked the doorman as I was leaving that morning. He didn’t know, either.I loved the pool at the Grange and the convenient location, but I won’t be back. Their staff is friendly and willing, but not well-informed and clearly overwhelmed. At $400/night it shouldn’t be that way.	
Nov 8 2007	Very Formal And Relaxing!!	Like many people i booked this hotel of lastminute.com as it stated 5 star. I did read some reviews but it didnt effect me cos end of the day, 5 star cant be that bad surely!!Me and my gf were in london for 2 days and first impressions are excellent. You walk in and its marble floor, the lighting, the reception desk, etc. It made us feel quite out of place in truth. We went into our room which wasnt that big. I expected more for a 5 star. I would say now that i wouldnt tell people ive stayed in a 5 star hotel, i just feel that this wasnt the experience the top 5 star hotels would give you. Anyway...The room was small but as expected tidy. The TV was big and a plasma (if u wanna watch the box). The bathroom was large and clean as well as the beds n sofas were top standard. When you book or even if you have booked, ring the hotel and ask for a view of tower of london. I done this and the view is amazing and well worth it. I didnt get charged and at night time its a really spectacular view. Big negative is the breakfast. Again, you think 5 star this would be included, whether you paid a special rate or not you think thats the standard the hotel should offer. Unfortunally not and therefore we skipped breakfast next morning.The hotel also made us deposit £55 which they didnt make clear why they were taking this. Again, (sorry for saying again always) however, it slightly startled us and was not made clear to me before arrival.The hotel is very splendid and very glamerous but i get the feeling that its full of people on the 'special rate' as the hotel to me doesnt seem good enough to justify the £180 or something a night it claims to cost. We paid £85 for the night for 2 of us and that was very fair price but had i paid alot more i would have been disappointed. The service was good and the room was peaceful especially as we were high up. I would stay here again but dont pay their full prices as im sure you could stay in more luxury for the price!!!	
Nov 5 2007 	Why 5 Star?	My boyfriend and I attempted to go to London on a budget - near impossible I know! - so were impressed to find a room in a five star hotel for c£100 a night. The website showed a rather lovely view of the hotel and much to my dismay it did not look like the same place when we were outside. On arrival we were ignored for a good ten minutes before someone reluctantly offered assistance. It took a further five minutes of waiting before we were handed the key and were able to head to the room. The decor of the hotel was pretty dated, with a lot of gold and red every where! The room itself was very small and the bathroom was unique- two of us could not fit into it! Luckily we only intended to freshen up and head straight out, so did not need to stay too long. The following morning we went for breakfast at 9am and again were left waiting to be shown to our seats for fifteen minutes. The breakfast was a huge disappointment- the eggs were so uncooked that they were running clear!! Making a complaint was pointless, there was no apology just a look of disbelief! Needless to say we shall not return. I suppose if a hotel is really five star, we would have been paying a lot more for it.	
Nov 2 2007	Very good value for London	Given this 5 stars, not because it is absolutely outstanding, but because it is a very good value hotel for London and we couldn't really fault it in any way. We didn't experience any difficulties with staff, check-in etc. Having stayed in a number of London hotels, I would certainly recommend this place.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very pleasant stay	The reception staff is very pleasant and they really tried to solve every little problem occurred during our stay. The room given was very nice and large, but the room-maids did not clean them in a proper way. One day we had to wait until 5 PM before having our room cleaned. The breakfast is ordinary, but it is better to wake up early if you do not want to queue for 15 minutes (as I did). One of the best amenities of the hotel is the Isis Bar: we ate there every night and the food was excellent, and not overpriced. Excellent location, and during the week-ends you get special prices, which make this hotel a good worth for value. I will come back to this hotel, definetely.	
Oct 30 2007 	Convenient and reasonably priced	In a city as expensive as London, the Grange City is a real alternative to West End locations thanks to the great deals at the weekend. In addition to the convenient location - just a few steps away from Tower Hill tube station - the hotel also benefits from a sports club and swimming pool in the basement. I've stayed here twice and would stay again because of the good quality offered for a very reasonable price.	
Oct 20 2007	Excellent	I have stayed in Grange hotels on business and always found them to be pretty good. Therefore when my wife and I planned a weekend away to London, they seemed a good choice.This is a 5 star hotel and I have read on here that it is not 5 star. All I can say is that I have stayed regularly in 5 star hotels and I thought this was the best hotel I have stayed at in London.It is in a good (but quiet on a weekend as a lot of the bars etc close as it is the City) location. It is right opposite the Tower of London, so good for visiting that and the restaurants etc over Tower Bridge in Butlers Wharf etc.The hotel is very ostentatious but quite tasteful in its own way- a sort of played down Vegas type decor with a lot of gold, purple etc. The Romenesque pool is wonderful- underground 25 m pool- one of the biggest in central London. Good Gym.Best thing about it was that for £85 incl VAT they gave us a huge room, it even had a kitchen in it. It had a large balcony from where you could see the Ghurkin building. It had a plasma TV and Bose sound system. It was bigger than a Vegas room and we very impressed. I guess we got lucky. When we came back after dinner, we found the beds turned down, with chocolates, robes and slippers on the bed.We only had the continental breakfast (English £8 more), but it was good with boiled eggs, fruit, cereals, yoghurts etc. The restaurant is also quite impressive.As you can imagine, we had a lovely time, and I would definately recommend this hotel. It is good even if you do not get the huge room with balcony.	
Oct 19 2007 	Nice room enjoyed my one night stay	Stayed here for one night for a business do when up in town.Got great rates and stayed in a standard room on the second floor.Was a bit alarmed to see the train's going by the window. But you couldn't hear them or see them when I pulled the curtains.Room was a good size for London with a powerful shower and soft towels.Room was well stocked, with nice mini-bar, good shower gown, nice TV and a Bose Radio!Enjoyed drinks at the bar downstairs before and after our evening out, following that had a great sleep in a comfy bed which meant I woke up with a nice lie in.	
Oct 17 2007	Lovely hotel!	I have read a lot of poor reviews on this site for this hotel but i stayed here for a night with my boyfriend and we had a wonderful time! The staff were happy to help us with everything we needed and when our TV didn't work we were moved from the 3rd to the tenth floor in an executive suite with an amazing view over the Thames, Tower Bridge and the Tower of London! We ate in the sushi bar downstairs which was lovely and the swimming pool and spa facilities were amazing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and its brilliant value for money on a Friday night if you book from the hotel website.	
Oct 3 2007 	pretty good	Before booking we read all the reviews from tripadvisor and they were not as good as the hotels own reviews. So we were expecting poor service. I should say hear and now that the staff could not have been better, all of them on every occasion. The problems we experienced were of the hotels own making. The executive room we booked had noisy neighbors who didn't stop until 8am on the first night. We called the desk to complain and that made them keep the noise down a bit. But the fault is really the thin walls. Then the mattress was too soft, I mean silly soft! And on top of it is a protectorthat causes one to perspire. And this is a nearly new hotel. For me the most important part of staying in a hotel is a good nights sleep, the rest you can deal with yourself in one way or another.I would love to go back but only if they get better mattresses.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Location!	We stayed here for the weekend in August. The location, room, swimming pool, was all great. Ok the rooms aren't massive but you only need to sleep and get a wash in a clean, well presented room. Top marks... Also if you get a chance go and see the Lord of the Rings. &quot;Amazing&quot;	
Sep 12 2007	Better than expected	Wasn't expecting great things from this hotel after the reviews here but it was clean, quiet and all staff I met were helpful - no delays with check in or check out. Good location for Tower of London and the Thames but quite far from shopping areas - Tower Hill tube station very close to hotel. I didn't have any food in the hotel or use the gym/pool so can't comment on those areas	
Sep 10 2007 	Good location for the South Bank	This hotel is very expensive in the week due to being in the financial district but at the weekend there are loads of special offers. You can usually stay on a Friday or Sat for less than £100 for 2. The hotel claims to be 5 Star but is not really in that class. However it does have a really nice leisure centre with a massive swimming pool. The water tends to be on the cold side though. There are steam rooms and an aromatherapy room - on the day I was there the aromatherapy room was not working properly and they said it would be fixed. It has a good gym and beauty therapists if you want that sort of thing. Lots of old pubs nearby too for lunch including one in the hotel where you can watch sports on big screens. Essential if you are there on a Saturday afternoon with a man.The rooms are ok, not 5 star exactly, but absolutely fine for most needs. The location is really good for the tower of London, Tower Bridge and the South Bank where you can have a lovely meal overlooking the Thames or go to the Tate Modern or Royal Festival Hall. I love the South Bank as there is always lots to do with walking along The Thames in between. The tube is one minutes walk from the hotel and a taxi is £14.00 to the west end for shopping or shows. I hope that this helps.	
Sep 5 2007 	Had a great stay	me and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel thurs - sun and had a wonderful stay. we decided to go for a mini break in style rather than abroad and we were not at all disapointed by this hotel. I arrived first as my boyfriend had been held up at work, the room was booked in his name so i explained this situation to the reception staff who were most helpful and let me check in. a porter took my bags to my room. all the staff throughout the stay were polite, happy and more than helpful. admittly alot of them are not english but they all spoke the language well and were able to give us information and directions when asked. the room itself was very comfortable and clean. the maid service everyday was of a high standard. one morning we are asked to not be disturbed and the maid service called the room early afternoon to find out a convienient time to come up. we ate in the hotel bar but not the resturant and the food was lovely. we also had continental breakfast which was also of a high standard with a wide selection.as said in the other reviews the location is brilliant for the tube and DLR. the only thing i would say is if you want local nightlife this is not the place to go! we went out one night around 10.30 expecting it to be busy and most places were already closed!! when we asked a taxi driver he said most people head to the west end over the weekend so its very quiet. having the fitness centre was lovely. clean and tidy, free to use as a guest, and after a long day walking round london it was lovely to relax!!all in all though a very enjoyable stay and we will return	
Sep 3 2007	Not bad but not 5*	I booked this hotel last minute with Late Rooms and so only paid £85 per night which should be a bargain for a 5*On the plus side its two minutes from Tower Hill Tube, next to a good bus route, five minutes from the Thames and ten minutes from the City. The very pleasant Trinity Gardens are next door and the view from the front of the hotel is cracking. There is a subway near by for a snack, a costa coffee round the corner and a couple of nice bars nearby. There is also a wonderful pool and gym downstairs (although the hours are designed to keep accompanying children out of the pool on weeekdays for travellers with kids)On the down side rooms, beds and baths are small and although pleasant not 5*. The back of the hotel runs onto Fenchurch Street Railway so you need to be on a high floor to avoid noise, staff are stretched and not always english speakers and the room service is shocking and highy priced with breakfast for two on two days coming in at over £90! Oh and all floors below 11 back directly onto an office block and there are no voiles in the roomsA nice hotel that could be great due to its locations but the all important customer focus is missing and it ends up not quite doing it for the price!	
Aug 20 2007	Definitely NOT 5* !!!	We stayed here, Friday to Sunday. We have stayed in many 5* hotels, and this is not even close to being on a par with a single one of them. There were so many things that were wrong with our stay at this hotel that we simply wouldn't recommend it to anyone.The location is great, on a quiet road very close to the railway (Fenchurch St), the underground, the DLR and major east-London attractions. HOWEVER: - the vast majority of the staff do not speak English as a first language, so expect to have to repeat or explain yourself; - the girl who took my wife's order for a liquer coffee in the bar did not know what this was, and after conveying the order to the barman, came back with a coffee in a cup and a side-order of the liquer! - the breakfast staff did not have us down for having breakfast included in our tariff, to which we had to show them our bokoing confirmation; - &quot;buffet breakfast&quot; is a cold, continental breakfast, and there is an £8 surcharge per person for a hot english-breakfast; - the morning room-service takes away bathroom flannels, and these are, according to hotel staff, only replaced by an evening room service, so you do not have any face or hand flannels during the day; - room service did not empty our bins at all; - the lobby staff were verbally fighting with a taxi-driver on the saturday, using swear-words, gestures and threats of violence, in front of our children.We left this all on the feedback forms, but when mentioned to the receptionist on check-out she just put it down to new staff turn-over.The one ray of hope in all this was Royce, the restaurant manager: we were assured at booking time that the breakfast was a hot buffet, but on arrival it wasn't. Royce tried helping to clear up the situation, and in the end compromised on payment for the breakfast.	
Aug 8 2007 	Good Hotel but Definitely Not 5 star	Stayed for 3 nights on business and paid GBP 200 per night + VAT ((excl. breakfast) in late July.Frankly, I don't understand why some reviewers are rating the hotel as &quot;Excellent&quot;. Makes me wonder whether I have been overly harsh when reviewing hotels in other parts of the world. In my view whilst the hotel is good, it is definitely not a top notch hotel and does not deserve an excellent rating. There are other good hotels out there which are a thousand times better than the Grange City.Pluses:- good location next to Tower Hill tube station and Tower Bridge and walking distance to the City- adequate but small room (was given a room facing the train station); but in London expect small rooms unless you are willing to pay extra- good / adequate gymNegatives:- generally inexperienced staff (for an English hotel it is interesting to note that the English language is not easily understood by some staff members) - on the first day asked front desk staff for directions to get to Broadgate in the City and was given convoluted instructions on how to walk there (it took 30 mins) but staff forgot to mention that the tube station is virtually next door and it is just 2 stops from Liverpool station! However, one exception to staff service is the perpetually smiling and obliging waiter at the inhouse Japanese restaurant who deserves a big thumbs up- expensive, inadequate and poor quality breakfast spread- bathroom is small (hardly enough room to swing a cat!) and only has a combined bathtub / shower facility which is quite difficult to get in; be careful when getting into the tub as it is quite high from the floor and you can hurt yourself if not carefulOverall, if you can get a good rate and one of the better rooms with a view (the penthouse rooms mentioned by some other reviewers sounds good), the hotel would be a good choice.For business, promixity to the City is a big plus, but I would still shop around. Traffic in London is attrocious but as long as you stay next to a tube station you can get around quite easily.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good - Overall	First impression was excellent - the receptionist who checked me in was lovely. I got everything that I requested including an excellent view of the Tower of London. The room was nice and clean and decor/beds were good. The bathroom was really small for a room that was described as delux. For a 5* hotel, I thought some of the staff should have been a bit friendlier and more accomodating, I got the feeling that some of them could'nt be bothered. Really good, but I would'nt have quite thought that I was in a 5* hotel.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great hotel - excellent view of the tower of london	excellent hotel - friendly and helpful.top floor views of the tower of london - excellent.expensive - 180 pounds per night.	
Aug 6 2007 	Fantastic penthouse	Bagged a double room for £85 last minute for a stopover after a gig in Greenwich. On arrival we were upgraded to one of the 5 penthouse suites and we had a complete blast. Lovely suite, great toiletries etc. and with a view of the Tower and Tower Bridge to die for. Check in/check out was a breeze, 24-hour bar very well stocked and reasonably priced. All in all a brilliant stay and I wish we could have stayed longer. We'll be back !	
Aug 2 2007 	check out the pool	We stayed on the top floor, penthouse, with a fabulous view of the London Tower. I can highly recommend it. On the advice of a notice in the lifts we got up earlier on Sunday morning so as to beat the 9am rush for breakfast. No it wasn't 5 star but it was OK. This hotel has great beds, great linen, great bathrooms and the greatest indoor hotel pool in London. But you have to time that right as well. Get down there for first thing in the morning when it opens or the middle of the afternoon. Avoid the 4pm - 8pm slot.	
Aug 1 2007 	Very Good Grange!	Stayed there on busines staff very friendly, immaculate rooms and nice and quiet good allrounder in expensive london, will definatley use again	
Jul 29 2007 	is this really a 5 star hotel?	We had 2 nights in July 2007. Check in was slow, unfriendly and dis-interested. The room was small and had no view. Breakfast was ok - a rather sterile environment with a surcharge of £2+ for a latte. Good location close to the Tower but it seemed more 3 star than 5.The most impressive feature was the guy from room service who delivered a full ice bucket at 7.30 am in dinner suit so we could chill our bottle before heading to Lord's. Had we placed the bottle in the mini bar and rearranged other bottles the notice told us we were likely to be charged.	
Jul 24 2007 	exceeded expectations	i was a bit wary of going to this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but as soon as i walked through the door i really could not understand why a few people would write a bad review. I'm always under the impression that people only have time to write bad reviews.The Grange couldn't be situated any better, right next to tower hill underground, but tucked away around a corner so you dont get the hussle and bussle. the hotel is very well presented, although the rooms were lacking in size i was not expecting huge rooms as i know how tight for space london is.The swimming pool and health club is fantastic, the swimming pool looks lovely and is very refreshing after a steam in tne steam room and a long old go in the sauna.any way, would truely recommend this excellent hotel as the staff are very friendly and its a very good atmosphere around the hotel.please do not go there thinking you will be let down cause you wont.	
Jul 24 2007 	Superb value and location	Having just stayed here on a friday and saturday night i can throughly recommend the hotel and its staff, the location right by the Tower of London is fantastic and the tube (tower hill) is 100 yards away or you can catch the number 15 bus just opposite the tube and go to most of the locations your likely to visit, it even goes to paddington station (25 minutes) if you are arriving by train, a one day bus pass is only £3.50.The hotel has a huge pool sauna and steam room along with a gym and health club, the food was good if a little pricey, booking direct with the hotel website is the cheapest place to book as on a friday or saturday night it is currently only about £70 plus vat inc continental breakfast, if you like english breakfast this is an extra £8 but the buffet continental is well stocked so you get better value with thisTry the hotel you won,t regret it.	
Jul 19 2007	Fantastic hotel	A gem of a hotel tucked away behind the Tower of London, the Grange is perfect for visiting London during the week or at the weekend. The rooms are very well kept, and the staff at the hotel can’t do enough for you. When an ice bucket is required, an ice bucket you get, promptly! The standard rooms, although on the smaller side, have very large beds and everything else you would need. The CD players in the room are an extra special touch and great if you are just staying in and relaxing. We tend to do that a lot! The executive rooms are larger and have a comfy sofa and coffee table in the room too. We celebrated Christmas 2005 in one of these rooms and it was every bit as romantic as you would wish for. If you stay here don’t forget to use the spa area. The pool is very inviting as is the Jacuzzi. A short taxi ride from here and you can savour the delights of Brick Lane, or just on the doorstep is the river Thames. Perfect for a romantic stroll day or night and not too far from the fabulous Borough Market. A wonderful hotel, especially enjoyable when you are sharing the experience with that special someone	
Jul 11 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic Stay	After reading some of the BAD reviews about this hotel i was a little wary to say the least, but we have just had the best weekend away, the hotel staff were very friendly, the restaurant at breakfast was very busy but the waiter escorted us to the gallery area where we had two waiters to look after us. The leisure facilities were fantastic.As for the room, we were on the 11th Floor with a fantastic view over the Tower and tower Bridge, the bed was very comfortable and the room was excellant, the only downside to the room was the size of the bedroom, but still, how much time do you want to spend in a bathroom !! Overall a fantastic hotel and will definately be going back.Thankyou for a great stay !!	
Jun 27 2007 	great for the price we paid	I stayed here in April with my mum and the twin room was more than adequate with 2 double beds, and a seating area with a great view of the tower (high floor as requested). room was very clean and nicely decorated. Service not 5 star but the room was very good value at £80 including continental breakfast. I called the hotel and asked them for their best rate and they quoted £80. I then called back to confirm and the price jumped to £125 or so, i was then cutt off and dialled back and advised them that i had been quoted £80 - and funnily enough they had rooms available at that rate! The pool was also very welcome after a long day shopping in the heat. The hotel was right next to the tube which was very handy. Any questions just ask	
Jun 22 2007 	Terrible services!	- the rooms weren't ready in time- the receptionists had lousy attitude- they tried to overcharge me at the end of my stay- they don't answer emails they receive- I got better services at 3 stars hotels- definetly it isn't worth even half of the money they ask	
Jun 11 2007 	Mixed Bag	My wife does not want to stay at this hotel again, and I would stay there only as a backup. Although the check-in process was fast and friendly, and the room was clean and modern, the service at the hotel is poor. We noticed that our toilet was coming off of the wall and the tile under it had already fallen. I mentioned this on the second day of our stay to the front desk staff and they said they would have someone look at it....never happened.The bed had one of those plastic matress pads on it in case you are not potty-trained. We found this most annoying and hence sleeping was not very pleasant as the sheets felt sweaty due to this plastic pad. We also had a real run-around with booking a car with the bell desk. We were told to book one as taxis are not frequent early morning in that area (true). However when we went down at the appointed time there was no car...they claimed to call our room however they left no message. We surmise that they did not book one at all, Buffet breakfast was ok, (nice dining room), but cost was not worth it. Best thing about the hotel is its location if you have business in the City. Its a shame the hotel has these drawbacks, as it is a nice place in a great (quite) location, near the Tower Tube stop and train station.	
May 28 2007 	Gorgeous hotel!!!	My fiance took me to this hotel last year for my birthday and I'm just getting round to writing the review but this hotel deserves to get a write up. We booked through expedia and it certainly was a five star stay. The hotel is situated just around the corner from the London Tower, there was also an underground station just around the corner which was great for getting around London then back to the hotel.The reception area is stunning as well as the room. I can honestly say it is the most comfy bed I have ever slept in. The room was very clean and lovely inside. Staff were nice also.I read trip advisor myself before booking hotels and I would recommend this hotel, it made our stay great!	
May 27 2007 	Not a 5 star by any means	We arrived to check in and it took AGES to do so as Reception was very busy. There wasn't much friendliness shown by any of the staff and the concierge looked as though he was going to pass out!The room was very small, for a superior and we had no view at all, unless you count Fencurch St station! There was no noise however. The room was well equipped, bath robe, flatscreen, cd player, mini bar and nice toiletries and a huge bath and powerful shower were all pluses but the bed was too hard and you really couldn't swing a cat.Good location for tourists as the tower of London is on the doorstep although not ideal for theatre breaks (as we had) as it was a 15 min tube ride from theatre land.We took a swim in the pool and that was tranquil, there was no one in there and the changing rooms were lovely.When checking out we were charged £30 for 2 breakfasts which we never even had! We explained this to them and got them wiped off.Why a 5 star is charging extra for breakfast is beyond me.Clean rooms, okay location but rooms too small...	
May 20 2007 	awful - do not stay here if you can help it!!	It was awful - do not stay at this hotel if you can help it!the receptionist was about as warm as a deep water squid. The room was small and we had a view, no, actually, we were IN Fenchurch street station. And to top it all - went down to breakfast and found out we had to pay a supplement of nearly £7 - after having already paid £150 per night - for a decent breakfast.Dissapointed is not the word.	
May 10 2007 	Not just the view!	I stayed for two nights on a recent business trip. I was exhausted when I arrived, because I flew overnight and went straight to an all-day meeting. My recollection is that the staff were efficient and pleasant. The bed was very comfortable. The amenities in the room were excellent. The view of the tower bridge was spectacular. The business centre had a computer/printer that I used to print my boarding pass (for another redeye home). The room service was prompt and good (although I think I spent the equivalent of $30 for oatmeal and coffee). The only thing that I found slightly annoying was the number of fire doors in between the elevator and my room. I think I had to open and close about 4 heavy doors before I got to my room, so if you have any physical limitations, I would try to get a room nearer to the elevators.	
May 6 2007 	safe and quiet for an easter break	We arrived on Good Friday and stayed for four nights, having driven from home( in the North of England ) We decided to take the car as public transport was too expensive and inconvenient. It proved to be a very good move- we parked for free very near to the hotel on single yellow lines or parking meters- these were free as it was the weekend or Bank Holiday days. We drove into central London on three days and again parked free and easily.The check in took a while (20 minutes or so) but it was due to the time of day-1:30pm, at other times it was quiet. We found all staff to be friendly, attentive and efficient, possibly due to the times when we ate and used facilities. Our three children aged 2,8,10 were made welcome and enjoyed their swim and stay. We felt very safe walking around near to the hotel and it was ideally situated to visit many attractions. A 10-15 minute walk over Tower Bridge takes you to an M&amp;S food shop- great to buy water, sandwiches etc. and several other shops, restaurants etc.Our room was not very spacious but was very comfortable and clean, the pillows were really good ones, bathroom not very big but ideal for us. We did have a very small balcony and if we looked left we saw the Tower of London, looking right we saw The Gherkin. Fenchurch station was very close but we NEVER heard a noise- perhaps not many trains were running as it was a Bank holiday. We did have a very good stay and would use this hotel again if we visited over a weekend.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great Value but not a 5 star	I booked this hotel for a girly trip (first night away from my baby boy!) - we got a twin room inc breakfast for £80, so for this price I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The hotel was lovely but I would say 4 star rather than 5 realistically. First impressions were average - the lobby &amp; bar were slightly faded, reception staff efficient but hassled. Hotel was very close to the tower and tube with shops nearby. Our room was clean, standard international style but fairly big by London standards. Nice toiletries, Molton Brown in communal areas.The best bit about the hotel was the pool - beautifully tranquil (well we were the only guests in it!), huge 25 m, natural salt water, lovely changing rooms. Breakfast was OK - good choice but stale pastries by the time we got down (10am)Check out great, speedy and friendly staff. Overall this hotel was extremely good value considering the price we paid, but it was not the absolute luxury I had hoped for.	
Apr 15 2007 	Very disappointing on a number of fronts...	You can only ever make one first impression, and it was always going to be difficult to overturn a very disappointing first 10 miutes here. Arriving at 8.30pm on a Friday, we were greeted without warmth or interest, and given our room. When booking this hotel, I had requested a room as high as possible, with a view. Well, we got a 4th floor room, over looking, or rather, nearly on, Fenchurch station platform.....Having asked for a change of room (the first time I ever had to do that anyhere) I was offered a room upgrade, with a view, for which I had to pay an extra £30 per night. Why couldnt the hotel have informed us that a standard room didnt have a view when the room was booked???To be fair, the upgraded room was fantastic, a king size (rather uncomfortable) bed, sofa, flatscreen tv, cd player, and clean bathroom with molton brown toiletries - and a fantastic view of the tower and the bridge.The most single disappointing thing about this stay however, was that on the Saturday night we had booked to go to Claridges for a meal - a real treat, and had the concierge hail a cab to take us, it turned out that this was a private firm used by the hotel, and the driver had no idea where Bond Street, and in turn, Claridges was. In the end, we ended up paying a £15 fair and getting out on Oxford Street, and spending the next few minutes tracking down an available black cab to get us to our destination (just in time for dinner, but leaving no time for the planned relaxing pre dinner drink) On checking out, I mentioned this and was promised that the hotel would look into this, though no apology was forthcoming.I would never stay here again, service levels very disappointing, and even the amazing view (second time around) could not make up for that	
Apr 14 2007	Great weekend	Great position, but tube was under repair so we walked alot and got buses.Great views of the tower of London and Tower bridge. Room was lovely with a small balcony where we enjoyed evening views on a fine November night.Check in busy, but staff quite friendly. Not much to do in the immediate vicinity after dark - there is a Cheapy wetherspoons pub round the corner.We walked the Thames path right to The Tate Modern and got the bus back.Did not have time for the pool but in looked great. Breakfast was included in our deal and it was continental but very good. Al in all i would stay again at the price we paid from a late bookng site.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great Hotel!	Stayed here on Bank Holiday Monday for one night. The check in was quick and easy. The room was a decent size (413) and not that small. The bathroom was clean and the toiletries were good. Our room looked out onto a wall AND the Tower of London but we were not too bothered about this. The price for a room and breakfast was a bargain and we'll definately come back if we need to.	
Mar 26 2007 	Weekend break	I booked this hotel before reading any reviews so after reading a few I approached my weekend with trepidation,I was so wrong to.I had booked the city hotel for a short break,witha trip to Vinopolios thrown in.The weekend rate for the hotel in London was a bargain ,and so it proved.The hotels location next to the Tower is great,and Tower Hill tube is only 50 metres away which makes it easy to acess the centre of London,without all the crowds.The hotel room was good,clean and tidy,and of a great standard for the price we paid.The hotel interiors were of good standard too.The service we recieved was good ,the was no sign of rude or grumpy stafffing,maybe previous revews approached the staff in a more aggresive way.My overall impression was of a great bargian for £85 per night in London.	
Mar 26 2007	What's all the fuss about?	Having read lots of negative reviews on here i must admit i was not looking forward to staying in this hotel at all.What an utter surprise to find that i was booked into a fantastic hotel for the night.I arrived there, booking in was a doddle, with the staff very friendly indeed. On up to the room, although not huge in size, it was very clean, and was a dream. It had everything you could wish for.Breakfast in the morning was very nice, with lots of waiters waiting around to serve to constand supplies of tea and coffee and take away your plates when ready.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone for a stay.For those that moan about it not being a 5* hotel, Buckingham Palace is just up the road.	
Mar 26 2007 	Another Fantastic Stay!!	We have just had our 3rd stay at Grange City in the last few months and yet again we found the staff, the service and the accomodation impeccable. The lobby and reception area at the Grange are immaculate and the reception staff are friendly and professional. If you need any help or info the reception staff are always approachable and the concierge that is on duty will help with baggage, room service and all the tourist info you need - no matter who you are!! Check in and out can take a while sometimes, but this a very busy hotel so it is just part and parcel of the process. We stayed on the 1st floor - room 110. This was a fantastic room. Absolutely spotless. LCD TV, lovely deep bath and the largest &amp; most comfortable bed ever. Continental breakfast was included in the price - £170 for a 2 night stay booked 3 days before travel on Grange site. A real good selection at breakfast - cereal, eggs, toast, croissant, fruit etc with the serving staff always on hand to refill tea and coffees. We also used the leisure facilites at the hotel - pool, spa, sauna &amp; steam room which were fab to use after a long day walking round London. We have always been treated with a lot of respect by all staff at the Grange and will be returning to stay again later in the year.	
Mar 24 2007 	Average hotel great location!!!!	I stayed at the Grange City for five nights in March. I would say that overall, my stay was good, but not great.I didn't experience any checkin problems that others have mentioned. There was no lineup, and the service was ok. I wouldn't say that the desk help was overly friendly, but no problems.Was assigned a room on the first floor. The bellman helped me with my bags, but when he opened the room, I was quite shocked by how tiny the room was. It was clean, but tiny. Like one other reviewer commented, my room looked onto a wall, so it was disappointing that way, but otherwise fine. The bathroom is very tiny, but very clean. The bathroom linens were nothing special, but were very clean. They offer Molton Brown branded toiletries, which were nice.The room included a flat panel tv, and a Bose CD radio (nice touch). A kettle, and a variety of tea bags were provided. The bed linens weren't special, but were fine. Frankly, I slept better than I had expected to.I ate dinner at the Koto II restaurant downstairs. It was alright, but for a fixed price, all you can eat sushi buffet, it served its purpose. I didn't use the bar at all, as I found it very smoky! I asked for assistance more than once from the young men working as concierges. They were anxious to help, but like another reviewer commented, their english was a challenge. All in all, my stay was fine. The hotel is very close to a tube station, so it's very convenient, and the Tower Bridge is steps away. Several of the organized tour bus trips stop very close by.I would stay at the City Grange again.	
Mar 21 2007 	Unhelpfull Rude Staff!!!	I booked a theatre trip for myself and a freied as a 30th birthday treat. We chose this hotel from an extensive list we recieved, and what a mistake it was!!!. We arrived and were very pleased with the location (right next to a tube and really close to the tower of London).We waited in a large line to check in and were greeted with very long faced and just plain rude staff!!, they never made eye contact, smiled or even said hello. We were then ordered to hand over a credit card which they pre authorised for £100, in case we used room service or the mini bar (had no intention of using either). This meant that my friend had £100 less to spend as she could not take this money out of the bank, we were not told when booking that we would have to do this!. We then went up to our room on the 2nd floor, the room itself was nice enough with 2 double beds although the sheets looked like they needed a good wash, nice, clean bathroom (nothing to complain about there). I opened the curtain to let in some light and was met with a brick wall!!. Rather than make a fuss we decided to make the best of it and try to enjoy our stay.Down in the hotel bar we ordered a few drinks and when i went to the bar i was shocked to be presented with a bill for almost £40 for 4 drinks!!, needless to say they were the last drinks we had in there.Same problems with chcking out as with arriving, slow long lines with a grumpy receptionist at the end of it all. It costs nothing to smile, say hellio and be polite but none of the staff in this hotel seem to be able to do this (many cannot even speak English). Would not reccomend this hotel for a theatre break and would not say that it was 5 star.All in all we were made feel like we were not good enough for the hotel (we saw businessmen getting treated like royalty). We had saved for this break for months and looked forward to it and had expected to be treated like any other guest (anyone who looked like they had money had their bags taked from them by a bell boy to be taken up to their room).Do yourself a favour and stay clear!!!	
Mar 13 2007 	A Roach Was Under the Covers	There's not much to say but that...after waiting 40 minutes to check in because the line was so long and after a long flight from the US, I was excited to get to my room on thr 5th floor for a short nap. I unpacked my things and pulled back the comforter, and a medium-sized raoch scurried across the sheets and towards the wall. It was actually under the sheets! I am terrified of bugs, so I immediately went downstairs and asked for a manager, who escorted me to a new room on the 9th floor. He was very apologetic andnoffered to buy me a drink, but if 'I saw him I should ask.' They really didn't offer anything other than a new room. He was very nice and helped me move my things, but this type of problem calls for a significant response from any hotel. A roach is unacceptable. Depsite the new room, I haven't been able to sleep a wink, because as we all know, when there is one, there are many.Besides that awful experience, the hotel is just outdated and dirty. The rooms are poorly decorated, the linens (especially the blankets) are awful, the lobby couldn't be uglier. The bathroom is okay and very clean (though my sink didn't drain).All in all, just a horrible experience and I will never stay again.	
Mar 5 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	I booked this hotel in January for my boyfreinds birthday and we had a lovely time. The hotel is most def. 5 star and has a fantastic view of London. We were in walking distance for everything we wanted to do in London plus Tower Hill train station is just round the corner. For a 5star hotel in London which cost us £150 in total for 2 nights bed and breakfast we will be staying here again.	
Feb 4 2007 	rooms and pool could not save this hotel	stayed here for one night in january to see a show in london. when we arrived we were told we had been upgraded which was a nice surprise.so we went up to our room which was clean and spacious and we unpacked and went for a swim in the pool. the pool was stunning and the steam sauna and aromatherapy rooms were also lovely. however that is where the compliments end. that night after visiting the west end show we got back to the hotel went to go to our room but both lifts weren't working we reported it to a member of staff who huffed at us that it was our own fault for confusing the lift and pressing both buttons at once. which we hadn't done another couple waiting with us needed to descend and we needed to ascend. we then proceeded to climbing the seven flights of stairs to our room.the next morning was far from better check out was at 11 so we got to breakfast at quarter to ten qued for 15 minutes to be seated in a dining room that was half empty any way then proceeded to chase a waitress to take our order one hour later we got our cooked breakfast then went up to our room past checkout time to find it had locked itself with our luggage in it.when i complained at check out they said they were sorry and presented us a bill for nearly £20 for the breakfast but said if we wanted to stay there again we would be upgraded to a tower room. have e-mailed them to find out if they are true to their word as i am planning another trip to london shortly and guess what? not even acknowledgment! 5 * i think not!	
Jan 6 2007 	Brilliant Hotel for Business 	The hotel is well situated, close to all transport forms. We arrived in a limousine and had the doors opened for us with the luggage removed from the boot of the car and then taken into reception. We were quickly checked in. We did however have to carry our own luggage to the room, which was well made up for by its quality and size. We were very pleased!Champagne was brought up to the room and we stayed for a while before moving down to the bar which was well filled and busy. Chatting with other guests, amonsgt well presented drinks and food we stayed in the bar till gone 5am! Overall, a pleasing hotel to add to the grange hotels existing reputation.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great Hotel !!	When I arrived at this hotel for a 3 night stay with my wife and son, we were pleased with the outside of the building and inside it seemed welcoming and pleasant. Our room could simply not have had a better view, it was STUNNING! The room looked right over onto the Tower of London and Tower Bridge, you could see the City Hall and Canary Wharf aswell, this was brilliant to wake up to each morning. My advice to you would be; request a high floor, it really is worth it. There was a varied continental breakfast menu and the restaurant in which is served has a nice ambience. The location is fantastic aswell.... the hotel is literally just round the corner from Tower Hill Underground station, it couldn't be closer and this station is convenient to most attractions such as Big Ben, the London Eye and is only a few line changes away from the main shopping districts. The room is adequately sized and you can't really expect much bigger in a global city such as London, unless you have a very large budget. The beds are also comfortable and the LCD TV with music and movies on demand was a nice feature, as was the Bose CD radio, what you would expect from a 5star hotel. I would highly reccomend this hotel, as it is; modern, clean and well located.	
Jan 3 2007 	This should not be a 5* hotel	My husband and I recently stayed in this hotel on a weekend break in London. We did extensive research on Hotels, as we had heard that generally accomodation in London can be quite basic and cramped. Although this hotel had mixed reviews, we thought that any 5* hotel should be pretty good. We were disapointed. On arrival we qued for about half an hour to check in. When we finally got to our room, the best thing I can say was it was tiny, we hardly had room to move around the bed. The tv was somwhat antiquated, and had no remote control. (although we did request one - it took 24hrs to get it) Also, i felt the room was not particularly clean, esp the batroom and bed clothes, and there was no duvet, just a very scratchy blanket, one of my pet hates! As we had booked B&amp;B we arrived down to the restaurant on the saturday morning around 9 for our breakfast. And there we stood in a que for 45 minutes until we finally gave up and went to a cafe around the corner where we paid through the nose for awful food. However, we were thankful to find somewhere open as the area is completely dead at the weekend. NOTHING is open. The staff were ok, some more plesent than others. The bar staff were in the not so plesent catagory.All in all, I still can't believe this is a 5* hotel. I have done a fair bit of traveling, and anywhere else in the world i dont think this would get much more than 3*. Seriously, this should be your last option if you're going to London for anything but a business trip. The location is rubish, staff are hit and miss, and the rooms are far too small and in need of a good clean...take my advise, book somewhere else!	
Dec 31 2006 	Good hotel good location.	A very nice hotel. We used the excellent pool/sauna facilities. A good location for the city (a bit far from the West End). Room was large enough, very clean and with wonderful views across the tower and the river. The staff were helpful and efficient. We didn't eat at the hotel as there are many eating choices at St Katherines Dock (5 minutes walk) or at Shad Thames just the other side of the river, (a ten minute walk over Tower Bridge). We will certainly use this hotel again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Disappointed at first but they made up for it later	I booked a twin room for a weekend break. Reasonably priced (130 B&amp;B) for London at a weekend. We were told when we checked in however that there weren't any more twin rooms available so myself and my friend had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to an executive double - plus a sofabed. There wasn't much the poor woman at reception could do about it so we just accepted the situation.When I complained to Guest Relations afterwards they provided a prompt and courteous reply (the explanation was that quite a few guests had not checked out when expected). They sent me a free bathrobe and a voucher for a complimentary night at the hotel. So at least there's a happier end to my story!	
Dec 28 2006 	Not worth to spend a second stay there	I have spent with a collegue two nights in this hotel. The location is very convenient for business travellers having meetings in the city. The front desk was professionell but not particularly friendly. There was no service offered to bring the luggage up to the room. The interior of the rooms were ok, but nothing fancy. Our rooms were facing the train station Fenchurch Street directly located opposite side. The service in the breakfast room was very sloppy and the clothes of the service could have seen the drycleaners more often. No porter was available on our departure to call a cab. We have paid well over GBP 200.- per night and the value offered was not worth it. Maybe acceptable if you can get a special rate for GPB 50.- otherwise would look elsewhere.	
Nov 22 2006 	Definitely not 5*!!	For: Great Location. Good rate for city centre hotel (we paid £85 b&amp;B)Against: Check in chaotic. Room and bathroom (room 530) so small you couldn't swing a cat. Smelly towels. Very poor continental breakfast.	
Nov 20 2006 	Great hotel not so great location when the tube's not running...	We got a great price for a weekend stay and the fact that the hotel is near the Tower Hill tube station we considered a plus... however, the green and yellow lines did not run on the weekend we were there, causing quite an inconvenience! Then the location starts to feel a bit isolated especially since it is dead quiet at night being in a business area... even the restaurants shut down over weekends! We suggest you check the London Underground information about weekend closures before you arrive .The rooms are lovely though, the breakfast is average and the service from the staff at the reception desk was perfunctory and nothing more.All that being said, we did have a good time in London and the hotel was cheap in an expensive city.	
Oct 18 2006 	A Wonderful Experience	I spent two nights at the Grange City after my wedding and had a lovely time. We arrived about 10:30pm on the Saturday night and were escorted to our lovely room on the 12th floor. I was blown away when i walked into the suite (they upgraded us) and found a lovely living room with huge settees with flat screen tv - the bedroom was lovely with floor to ceiling windows and the bed was huge - it spaned 5 - 6 pillows across!! The bathroom was lovely and spacious also.Staff were very friendly - the view was amazing and we throughly enjoyed ourself - so much so that we have booked to stay there again for out 1st anniversary.	
Oct 18 2006 	Fab Hotel	We booked to stay at the Grange on a Friday night and got a great deal through laterooms (think we paid £80 in the end). The hotel is in a great location for either City or West End (tube station is literally a minute walk away). The room was immaculate as was the bathroom (plus there were robes, slippers and molton brown goodies). The only downside was the view, we overlooked Fenchurch Street station, but for the price we paid we were more than happy! We did not use the hotel restaurant but did have a quick drink in the bar before we headed out for dinner, it was small but busy. My only regret is that we didn't have time to use the pool, which looked amazing. I would definitely stay here again and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking for a decent City hotel....weekend rates are particularly good!	
Oct 16 2006 	Very Pleasant Stay	I stayed at the City Grange over night at the weekend. I have to say I was somewhat worried about the booking after reading the latest reviews from previous guests.I was greeted by a very polite and helpful receptionist who although was not English spoke very clearly and fluently. I was told that I had been upgraded free of charge and directed to my room.The room was very clean,spacious and well equipped. It really goes to show that you have to draw your own conclusions from your own experiences. My stay was very pleasant.	
Oct 15 2006 	Fantastic worth all of its 5 stars	I'd originally booked the Grange Holborn hotel about a month before my visit, and received the dreaded call the night before advising that a large group's flight had been rescheduled and they would like to move us to the Grange City. I was reluctant, given the reviews on this site and the sheer fact that it wasn't what I'd booked and I felt my booking from a month ago should be honoured!In the end the reservations manager offered an upgrade to a Tower view executive room, with full English breakfast (priced in the hotel at £20 pp!) rather than the inclusive Continental, and a bottle of wine upon arrival. I agreed to move to the City hotel and I wasn't disappointed. I'd arranged the weekend as a special treat for my mum to do lunch at the Savoy and the wine tour at Vinopolis. From start to finish I couldn't have asked for more. The reception staff were fantastic and clearly had special instructions confirming what the Holborn had offered us in return for agreeing to move. Our room was ready at 12 with the wine brought up shortly after our arrival. We stayed on the 8th floor in room 820 with an amazing view of the Tower as promised. The room was clean, quiet and luxurious with 2 double beds - I had one of the best night's sleep for some time! Staff in the corridors all greeted you and were pleasant and polite. From my experience I honestly find it hard to believe that others found the staff rude and disinterested. For example I asked for an extra robe to be provided and it was with us within 5 minutes. Many people on this site seem to dislike the location but from Tower Hill tube station the West End can be reached within 20 minutes and you are so close to the bars and restaurants (including at least 4 Conran restaurants) that line the river across Tower Bridge, and a short walk from St Katherines Dock.The pool, sauna and aromatherapy steam room are fantastic and every inch of the leisure club was spotless - I can't fault it. Went down for an hour at 8.30 on the sunday morning and it was practically empty - when we were leaving the parents with kids were arriving so we definitely got there at the right time! You can't stay here without taking advantage of the lower ground floor. Didn't use the gym but it seemed to have everything you would expect. Room service breakfast arrived bang on time and was plentiful and of excellent quality. Everything about this place is superb and in the end I was pleased to have been moved from the Holborn hotel! Get a weekend deal from the Grange website, don't go there with the attitude that you are looking to find fault with this place and you won't be disappointed. I'll definitely be back, hopefully to do one of the weekend spa breaks.	
Oct 11 2006 	Improved but not yet 5-star	A comfortable weekend and the swimming pool is much appreciated.The hotel is now able to offer a cooked breakfast.I checked in early; the room was not yet ready and I make no complaint of that. I went to the hotel swimming pool and told the receptionist that that is where I was going.My wife arrived separately and was told that I could not have gone swimming in the hotel pool because I had not checked in yet. D'oh!Nice room but the bedspread was stained, which again is hardly 5-star quality.	
Oct 8 2006 	Expensive and little to offer Business Traveller	This hotel is central to the City behind Tower Hill Tube Stattion. However as a regular business traveller I found this hotel un-welcoming, sloppy service (didnt even offer to take bags to the room). The rooms are small and no in room internet access and Breakfast does not start until 7am which is very late for any hotel during the week! Due to the late start getting a seat for breakfast is impossible at best a long wait.Give the place a miss there are better Hotels in the City inclusing the Novotel on the opposite side of the road or the Gouman Tower at Tower Bridge.	
Oct 4 2006 	Not worth the money	I tend not to complain too much about accomodation, but the Grange City Hotel is particularly disappointing, and based on other posts, I now see that it's not that I was just in a bad mood (although I was in a bad mood by the time I left the Grange).Let me preface this by saying that the Grange is not a &quot;bad&quot; hotel. It's more or less comfortable (the bed was nice) and clean, but for it's rating category and price, you can do much, much better in London.When I read the Oct. 1, 2006 posting from &quot;A TripAdvisor Member, Cambridge&quot;, I could have been reading my own description of the hotel. In addition to that posting, with which I wholly concur, I would add the following.We were promised a large &quot;family room&quot;, which turned out to be a normal sized room with two double beds (at a premium cost, of course). I too was shocked that no one even offered to help us with our bags when I arrived (the porters were also rather flippant when I spoke with them later). The concierge couldn't even offer me a simple tourist map (I went across the street to the Novotel, where they were kind enough to give me one).Very few of the staff speak more than the most rudimentary English. (As an example, one day at breakfast, the waitress asked me if I wanted tea. I responded yes, and asked if they had green tea. She replied that they did, but then brought me Earl Gray! During the same meal, I asked a different waitress for a bottle of sparkling water. After clearly repeating my request three times, she seemed to finally understand, and proceeded to go to the buffet stand, fill up a glass with plain water, and bring it to me.)The food is also absolutely atrocious. Twenty pounds gets you a pretty bad breakfast (it's not worth more than five pounds at most). They also have a Japanese restaurant that serves some of the worst sushi I've ever had (to a truly shocking standard -- far worse than you would expect from the prepared foods section of a convenience store). We were also told one evening at 9:30 in the main restaurant that if we wanted to eat there, we would have to order within fifteen minutes and be out by 11:00!! And if you want to eat anywhere nearby, make sure it's not on the weekend, since everything is either closed all weekend or closes by 9:00.And while this hotel is catering more to the business crowd, there is no business center.Finally, although this is less important, and I suppose more a matter of personal taste, I think the overall decor is garish.	
Oct 4 2006 	Big efficient and soulless.	We were sent here from a Georgian townhouse in Bloomsbury that we'd booked a room in (another Grange hotel), so we were bound to be disappointed in its location, but if you want to be close to the Tower, this place overlooks it and Tower Bridge on one side. It's also close to St Katherine Docks and the Thames Path. Being in the City area, all the local pubs/shops are shut at weekends, but then the City is only a square mile so you can easily walk further afield (or Tower Hill tube is almost next door). You get complimentary use of the pleasant basement swimming pool. By the garden terrace area there's a chunk of old city wall, which is about as close to having character as this place gets.Our room was on the 11th floor with dull views of the Fenchurch Street railway line and some offices. It was too noisy with the window open but there is air conditioning anyway. There was an ice machine in a cupboad along the corridor, which struck me as a bit strange, but there are minibars in the rooms so I suppose it makes sense. The room was quiet and medium-sized, with king-size bed. No duvet but rather uncomfortable sheet/blankets instead. There is a desk, but it's almost entirely occupied with TV and other gadgets, so using it for anything might prove difficult. The bath was large but a bit annoying to use: the tap control can't be reached once you're sitting in it, and if you turn it too far the shower pours down on you. One child-size bathrobe is supplied, but there were plenty of towels. Breakfast was a very varied and plentiful buffet, but the bread and pastries were a little stale by the time we got there - it's served until 11am on Sundays. There is a cooked breakfast available at extra cost. All the staff we encountered were super-helpful and attentive, though there were some queues on check-in and check-out.	
Oct 1 2006 	Too much for not enough.	Having stayed at the Holborn Grange, we thought we'd play safe and just change location, so the City seemed a good choice. The website talked about the great views and friendly staff, so when we got there we had a positive feeling about the hotel.However, if there's ever a sign that things aren't going to be great at a hotel it is usually at check in. We weren't disappointed.... the &quot;Management Trainee&quot; dealing with us barely acknowledged us and then left us standing there as half way through she began to answer the phone and deal with their requests (there were other staff stood around chatting).The porters stood around their desk and never looked like moving, let alone offer to carry our bags. They did point us in the direction of the lifts.We got to our room, to find that instead of a lovely view over the Tower of London, we had a view of an office building and the train tracks. The office being so close that even on a bright day the room was dark. The room was comfortably furnished, with all of the facilities you would hope to have in a nice hotel. It was also clean and well maintained.Breakfast was awful, in a mess room, stale cheese and stone cold croissants. Polite offer of tea or coffee, but no milk and then milk taken from the next table as they walked away (5 star?). Overall a nice stay, but nice is not 5 star. The staff were disinterested and unhelpful. Basic English would probably help?For the same money, you can find a far, far nicer hotel.	
Oct 1 2006 	Never intended to be here and when I left I never wanted to be here again!	Before writing a scathing review, I thought I'd better check with the hotel website to see what they claim. This is what they have to say:&quot;The Grange City Hotel is a spectacular new luxury 5 star hotel. Superbly located with unique panoramic views over the City and just a gemstone's throw away from the Tower of London the Grange City represents a first for a hotel of this standard in the City.&quot;Okay, now I can begin. First, a bit of background. I was booked into the Grange Holborn because of an early meeting in Southhampton Row, i.e. solely for location. I would normally stay at the Covent Garden Hotel or similar (see reviews - they are wonderful), but was concerned enough about making the meeting in an unflustered state, I chose the Grange Holborn. I have written on their section of Tripadvisor in detail about what happened when I arrived, but in brief, they had cocked up,'lost' internet bookings and didn't have a room. The solution to dispatch me in a taxi across London to their sister hotel the Grange City by the Tower of London. Swallowing the frustration of being transferred from the hotel I only chose for location to a venue at the opposite side of the City, I accepted the apologies, and believed the promise that the City Grange would give me a 'wonderful' room and look after me.Arrival at the City Grange was not the 'welcome' experience of a hotel keen to make up to a guest. An extraordinarily impatient and brusque receptionist made no eye contact, offered no help with bags and believed that a sneering swoop of the hand served as directions to the lift. A word about the foyer itself- it is brash, vulgar in its decor and, when I arrived and left the hotel, thick with stale smoke as guests appear to smoke everywhere and anywhere in the public spaces. On the way up to the room on the 11th floor, two surly members of staff completely ignored me. But to the room - after all, it was going to be 'lovely' given the problems at the Grange Holborn wasn't it? Er, no.Nasty tacky, fake wood, dark brown, dusty, small, stuffy, unclean in the corners, feeble hair dryer tethered to a drawer, UHT milk and cheap fittings. I am open mouthed at the audacity of a hotel that claims such a room as 5 star. I would be hard pushed to see it as comparable to 3 star hotels in which I have stayed. The 'spectacular luxury' claimed by the hotel certainly isn't to be found in the rooms. Perhaps the view would compensate? Looking at the Tower of London at night could lift the spirits of a frustrated traveller. And the hotel is so proud of its 'unique panoramic views' as stated on its website. On pulling the curtains, I was greeted not with the glistening Thames but the incinerators of a large office block that looked directly over my room. Certainly a 'unique' view but hardly panoramic.And then came the piece de resistance of this depressing, wretched experience - the sound of the first train thundering under my room. Yep, strangely the hotel doesn't mention that it is built directly over a railway line. And those trains are a) loud b) very regular c) finish late and d) begin very early. Dinner in the deserted, but weirdly smoke filled restaurant was unappealing, so I asked the concierge for directions to local restaurants. He was utterly uninterested and the best he could muster was a Chez Gerard, or a nasty Indian. Being in the City means there are fewer dining options, but this seemed unnecessarily uninspired. After a night accompanied by the trains, the hotel really surpassed itself in its ineptitude in the morning. There was a saga involving ordering breakfast which makes me shake my head in disbelief when I think about it several days later. Then, as I was dressing with the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door, I was interrupted by persistent banging on the door which turned out to be the window cleaner.I have rarely left a hotel with such unmitigated horror at the level of service, standard of decor, cleanliness and facilities and a sense of overwhelming feeling of being thoroughly ripped off. I got in a taxi to try to make it across London in time for the meeting that had led me to book a Grange hotel in the first place. It took 45 minutes rather than the 25 that the hotel had told me to allow and I was, as I had feared, late. A disastrous end to an utterly disastrous stay.So, in short I'd agree wholeheartedly with the hotel's promises that &quot;Grange City represents a first for a hotel of this standard in the City&quot; because there has never, in my experience of business travel, been such a desultory standard of hotel with the audacity to masquerade as 'five star' imposed on the unfortunate guests of EC1.	
Sep 30 2006	pompous and arrogant  doesn't live up to their stars!	My friend and I stayed at the Grange for 4 nights in the fourth week of july this year.The other reviewers are completely correct. this is not a 5 star hotel. * The staff are arrogant, rude, slightly condescending and not helpful.* The rooms, for the prize and stars are utterly below standard.* the food is below standard, and not hot when it arrives, late.The only thing that made the stay good, was the spa and health center below. The staff was wonderful, and they did full service.I was disappointed over my stay, and it's not really worth the money.For business travelers the internet is good. IF you can get it hooked up. the concierge was not helpful, and not fluent in english either, so no help there.Other then that with £10 a day it's fine.	
Sep 30 2006	great value at the weekend	This hotel is excellent value at the weekends. I needed to catch an early flight from Stansted and decided to stay here as it is only a mile or so from Liverpool Street station and the Stansted 'express'. At check-in was 'upgraded' to the most enormous suite with it's own mini-conference centre. I even took a photo as I had never seen a room so big. At the appointed 5 am room service delivered a sumptuous breakfast for two - there was only one of me - which was delicious. Excellent location near Tower Bridge tube - on the edge of the city financial district which is blissfully quiet at weekends.	
Sep 12 2006 	well organized business meet	I have some of the few hot list clients in London, being a marketing manager I had to carry out few meetings with them last month. I surfed through the net and came across this hotel; Grange City London .I conducted my business meet in the grand, magnificent conference hall of the hotel. The room was very spacious and had chairs well arranged around the table making up a good corporate environment. I delivered my presentation effectively with the help of LCD projector. Due to good sound arrangements I was audible to everyone clearly. In between the meeting we had a lunch break .We had a hearty lunch with all sorts of international cuisines. All of them were very delicious. A lunch is incomplete without drinks or desserts the world’s finest were served. The hotel staff was cooperative at every stage. After lunch we resumed our meeting. At the end the guests were dispersed with due honor by the hotel staff. The cars were all parked in a discipline which helped them move out easily.	
Aug 31 2006 	fantastic view 	We stayed at the Grange recently paying £80 including breakfast for a double ensuite room. However, on checking in we were given an executive room with a balcony on the 6th floor. From here we can see the river, the egg, Tower of London etc. If you can get one of these rooms on the higher floor with a view. The service was generally excellent, checking in and out was good. The breakfast was the usual Grange &quot;5 Star&quot; effort: we wish they would improve their breakfast. City Inn use Loch Fyne products and the Clifton Ford in Oxford Street do a better breakfast. But the Grange breakfast is OK: not great. You can get a better breakie at 3 or 4 star hotels depending. The Swimming pool was fab, the steam room too cool and the jacuzzi so busy it did not have a chance to heat up and so was too cool also. We are now too old and thick to work out how the new entertainment system works! Have fun at the Grange. Miki &amp; Jerry.	
Aug 29 2006	not a 5 star appalling	I was appalled at the standard of service and level of disorganisation that we received from this so-called 5 star hotel. I have stayed at 5 star accommodation before, but never experience the sub-standard I received here. If it is a guaranteed night’s sleep you are looking for then in my opinion don’t stay here! My husband and I decided it would be a good idea to stay in London overnight, rather than do a late commute home. However, this proved to be nightmare, literally, as we were shocked to be woken at 1.30am, to the shrilling sound of the fire alarm. We were completely disorientated for the first few seconds, and fortunately, the alarm soon stopped. We realised that it must have been a false alarm and then endeavoured to return to sleep. Incredibly, at 2.00am and again at 3.00am were woken by the shrill sound of the fire alarm and again these were false alarms. After the final alarm sounded at 3.00am my husband, along with some other guests, made his way to the hotel reception, having to take the stairs as the lifts were now out of action We needed to establish what was actually happening and if there was an emergency. The night porter informed him that it was a technical problem, which was being investigated, but they could not guarantee that that there would be no further alarms. The next morning it was clear that there were a lot of unhappy guests, however, we were appalled that no apology was offered. I requested to speak with the Operations Manager who informed me that the fire alarms were steam sensitive, and that some people had been taking showers, which had activated the alarm on three separate occasions. At this point we did receive a verbal apology for the inconvenience, and we were offered a room upgrade if we booked the hotel in the future. I would not entertain staying at this hotel again nor would I recommend anyone to stay there, if there is any possibility that ultra sensitive fire alarms may be activated falsely by people taking showers during the night.I also very much support the comments, from other travellers, with regards to checking-out as this only added insult to injury. It was horrendous, we waited 25 minutes, and on mentioning this to the manager, we were told that they have 450 guests to check out. I felt like saying this was his problem not mine! I can honestly say I have received a higher standard of service from a Travelodge. We stayed one night, and I wouldn’t have wished to stay any longer. In my opinion it is not worth the money, there is far better available in London	
Aug 20 2006 	Good stay at the Grange	We decided to stay in London for two nights while we went to watch England vs Pakistan at cricket. Having passed the Grange many times we were surprised to find it on Laterooms at quite a resonable price. We arrived early on the Friday, and reception were more than happy to register us, and hold our luggage until we returned later that day.The room was a little small, but very clean and well equiped. View from the room was pointless as it overlooked fenchurch street station, so had to be careful when opening the curtains. Despite being right next to the platform, we did not hear a peep from the trains!Service at breakfast was quite poor, but the restuarant was very busy. Table not fully made - only had one cup &amp; no sugar. But for a continental buffet it was ok, and they had a good choice of things.Very good location, tube on the doorstep, and within walking distance of the City.Pleasant stay.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great hotel	Stayed on a Saturday night in August with 10 friends. We all had rooms with 2 double beds - lovely furnishings, very clean. Great bathroom with a really powerful shower. Molton Brown goodies, bath robe + slippers. Only a small wait at check in. Staff seemed friendly and most said Hello when passing. Check in was from 2pm but we arrived at 10.30 and most rooms were available for us to use straight away.Very convenient for the tube, The Tower of London and boat trips on the Thames. Also only a short walk to St Katherines Dock with its shops and restaurants. Felt safe whilst walking about near to the hotel.Breakfast was fine - I had the continental plenty of choice all very fresh.No wait at check out at 10.30am and we were able to leave our luggage with the concierge until our train was due late afternoon.Would definately recommend the hotel for a short break. They seemed to be child friendly as well.	
Aug 7 2006 	Luxury at a price	Arrived at the hotel and was promptly dealt with. The room was lovely but soon realised the bathroom had not been properly cleaned, the maid was called and there in minutes. Other than this little issue the stay was great, we used the leisure facilities which were excellent. DEF stay here again, but prob not for the full price, booked through the hotels website and for only £80!. Checkout isn't great, there was a queue but staying was well worth the ten minute wait.	
Aug 4 2006	Very enjoyable stay	I had stayed in this hotel with a group of friends some time ago, and again booked a room here through the hotel's website. Sometimes they have special offers on the hotel website which might allow a weekend night stay at a rate of £80. Anyway, the lobby gives an immediately good first impression, and when we got to the room we weren't disappointed either. There wasn't much of a view from the window, except the tube station down below - but the windows blocked out the noise and that wasn't a problem. The room was very nice, and so was breakfast. The one drawback was checking out which took a long time the both times I stayed here. I would definitely, and have, recommend this hotel in the future.	
Aug 1 2006 	Definitely Not 5 Star	These comments are based on the fact that the hotel markets itself as a 5 Star hotel, and therefore should be near perfect.Stayed here at the end of July 06 for a long weekend, attracted by the location, price and sumptuous description on the hotel web site.The first room offered stank of cigarettes and hadn't been cleaned very well as there were still crisps on the carpet. Upgraded at no cost to a very nice room with balcony and we looked forward to a great stay. When showering the next morning we discovered there was only one bath towel. Made the mistake of thinking this would be rectified when the room was cleaned later that day. Arrived back at 5 to the room just as we had left it. Came back to the room after seeing a show to find the bed made, the single bath towel folded but nothing else. Called down for a second towel and this was delivered about 30 minutes later. Found out the next morning that the cups we had used the previous day hadn't been changed either.Took 20 minutes to check out even though there was just one person in front of us.Having said all of the above, the hotel is in a really great location, and as long as you get it for a good price and only expect 3 star service you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 24 2006	a vacation unmatched	. I still remember our vacations last summers. We had our arrangements made at the Grange City hotel . We were impressed by the overall look of the hotel….grand, beautiful and well maintained. At the reception we were helped out by efficient porters who let our baggage to the concierge. I was admiring the way my kids appeared happy from the time we entered the hotel. We booked our tickets at the reception for the tourist buses so we had to get ready in 2 hours time. The fantastic facilities available in the room helped everything go on smoothly. The press was automatic, the laundry had no problem, and room service was available instantly at our call. The other day it Sunday and we had a nice time in the swimming pool. Our kids knew no bound in the children’s swimming pool. As I and my husband are very conscious about our health we had a chance to try our hand at the hotel’s gym. Out of all the eating places in the hotel, Koto was the best. The Lutetia bar with its Roman Wall gave a perfect historic background to enjoy our favorite drinks served chilled. The comfort and punctual services we received there are attracting us again for the coming winters…….	
Jul 22 2006	Great for business travel and for tourists	I joined my husband on a business trip, so he was the business traveller, and I was the tourist. This hotel was able to meet both our needs.The rooms are small, but very nicely decorated and clean. There is everything there you need, including a hairdryer (we had two in our room!). Service was fine - no major complaints. The pool is lovely - salt water. There were only two other people in it when I used it. My husband used the gym a few times and thinks it's very nice. There is a great outdoor terrace in the back if you want to have a drink at the end of the day. There are also two restaurants and an indoor lounge. I ate at the Japanese restaurant - it was OK, but not the best.If you have a laptop with you, there is internet access in the room (I don't know if there is an extra charge - probably!) As a leisure traveller, I didn't have a laptop, and didn't want to spend the 10 pounds per hour to use the business centre in the hotel. I found a Kinko's about 7 minutes (walk) from the hotel on Fenchurch St. and it's very reasonable - about 2 pounds for 1/2 hour. They are open until 10pm during the week. Suggestion: we travelled with three suitcases as we were there for two weeks. Since the rooms are small, you might want to have the bellman store the empty bags for you during your stay, or else you will be tripping over them all the time! Of course, this brilliant idea didn't come to me until the day we were checking out!Location is great - right in financial district, and a stone's throw from Tower of London. The Tower Hill underground station is a 30 second walk from the hotel, and from there you get can anywhere in the city. Lots of good restaurants in the area as well. If you want to take a city tour, you can catch the Original City Tour bus from the Tower of London - you buy your ticket there and catch the bus up the street - very handy.I would return to the Grange City Hotel again - not a bad hotel at all.	
Jul 20 2006	business with pleasure	In one of my recent business conferences at London I had my stay at Grange City. My experience was really different from the other conferences I attended earlier. The spacious conference room was well illuminated with natural day light and was very comfortable. I made my presentation very effectively through computer and technical assistance provided there. Connectivity of data, telephone, state of the art audio and visuals throughout the banquet suits helped my presentation register well among the people. It was an ideal place for conferences and banquet. The double height flexible auditorium was well accommodated with another large dining hall where arrangement for supper was made. I really relished the delicious delicacies not just because of taste but it was also nutritious. At the end we had a good time enjoying our mock tails and cocktails at the mini bar nicely displaying the world’s finest drinks just a hand away.	
Jul 9 2006	Wonderful!	I have to say I was a little worried when I read the reviews of this 5* hotel. I booked a special weekend rate of £80 for a twin room with continental breakfast but on arrival was told that they over allocate the rooms on the internet but we could have the twin rooms we were allocated but would like to offer us an upgrade (free of charge) to a suite - well I don't think that you can really moan about being upgraded (especially at only £80 - the suite was over £300 per night).It was absolutely fantastic - the room was huge at least 35 foot long probably longer, absolutely spotless and mini bar and coffee/tea facilities were well stocked. The leisure facilities were extremely well kept and well equipped.On entering the breakfast room after a wondfully peaceful nights sleep we were asked if we wanted to upgrade our continental breakfast to a full english for £7. We said no but it looked very nice. The continental breakfast was brilliant, croissants, bread rolls, toast, cereals, fruit, nuts, yoghurt with full condiments of jam, marmalade and marmite!The only thing I would suggest to anybody staying at this hotel was be careful about taking anything out of the mini bar as it is computerised and automatically added to the room bill - they were fine about it as I explained we wanted to see what the champagne was and they took it off!Overall I would completely recommend this hotel - don't think I would pay the full whack but definitely worth the special rates on their website!	
Jul 9 2006	Magnificent pool - but a small room	I've stayed at the Grange on 2 occassions and both times the rooms have been on the small side (for a 5 star hotel), but always been spotlessly clean. The view of an office block and railway station were not overly appealing.Best best thing about this hotel is its underground swimming pool and hot tub (with sauna, steam room etc..) - its a bit gothic, but also funky. Nice for couples.I found the service extremely good. I secretly ordered flowers for by girlfriend and these promptly delivered to our room by the conciege.Nice hotel, good central location, but not 5 star.	
Jun 19 2006	Ok but not great	Hotel was clean and quiet, location very good being a minutes walk from the nearest tube. I stayed in an Executive Room which was a nice size although the bathroom was fairly small but very nice. The service was mixed. Check-in was fairly poor - the baggage staff did not seem to be able to communicate with each other. Breakfast was fine, overpriced for what you get but it was ok. The 25m pool and jacuzzi were very nice, changing rooms clean (but a little cold .... too much air con!)I've stayed in 3 hotels in London (two 4 star and one 5 star). This was the best. So as London hotels go it is fairly good. Relative to other 4/5 star hotels I have stayed in around the world I would say it was fairly disappointing.If you go there with medium expectations then you shouldn't be too disappointed.	
Jun 19 2006	Great value for money	We booked an executive room for £100 (Friday night) which I think must be one of the cheapest 5 Star rates around. The room was huge with brand new everything - the bathroom had 2 showers, both very powerful, marble bathroom, huge bed, sofa,air con etc etc.Location is a 5 minutes walk from the Tower of London, and about a 30 second walk from Tower Hill tube which is very convenient.All in all this is one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Service at breakfast was fine, although there was a 5 minute wait to be seated (however they do warn you of this in the room pack you receive). Continental breakfast was included in the room package and there were no problems with it. We had no problems with service either which was effiicient and polite at all times.	
Jun 18 2006	Staff seem very low in Morale this is not a 5 star hotel	I called to ask if I could check in early, the booking desk were fine with this on the phone, but when I arrived the staff at the desk had a very different attitude, I suspect it is because I had a &quot;internet deal&quot; to stay I was not paying full rate, so the service is different.I was told I could check my bags in at concierge,whilst agreeing to do this a member of staff unbelieably gave me a lecture out of nowhere about how this service was only for people who want to check out, I waited for her to finish then I explained front desk had recommended me to do this, and that I had called on the phone earlier. She seemed really annoyed, , by the way when I went back later to get my bags after they gave me a room key, they asked us to pick up our two bags from their back office, there where loads of bags so this place does not look after your bags agaiinst thieves, I could have lifted someone elses designer bags and they would not have been the wiser. Please believe me this is not a five star hotel	
May 29 2006	Great Hotel great price	Stayed at the Grange City over whitsun bank holiday weekend, very easy to get to 200 mtrs from Tower Hill tube station. Arrived 3 hours before published check in, very courtious staff immediately booked me in. Not a huge room but very nice with a huge double bed, all very clean with everything that you need including a safe. The continental breakfast was excellent and we never felt rushed or pressured into eating and leaving, plenty of staff on hand but in a background sort of way.The health spa is a real bonus with a superb pool and not usually busy a lovely way to relax. Had read many reviews before arriving and experienced none of the problems some reviewers had listed, no wait at breakfast even though the hotel was busy, plenty of staff all who spoke good english and were very polite, would reccommend the hotel with no hesitation, and with a JD Wetherspoons pub within 200m ensuring you do not have to pay 5* prices for a drink if you don't want to.	
May 21 2006	Best value for money in London?	Booked the night before and got a double room for £80 incl breakfast. Got upgraded to exec room on arrival at no charge, and were very impressed with the hotel facilities. Pool is huge!! Gym is not busy and v well equipped. We ate at the ISIS bar - which was good food, but service and the slow side - v friendly though and they were quick once we got ourselves to the bar.Rooms are nice and we generally found the staff very helpful and friendly. The hotel is 30 sec walk from the Tube station and views of Tower and Tower bridge.We were at breakfast at 8.30 and the restaurant was fairly busy but we had no trouble getting a table or food.Would definitely stay here again at £80!!!	
Apr 29 2006 	Fantastic hotel with great service	We stayed at the Grange City Hotel last weekend and we can not speak highly enough of this hotel. My partner was running in the London Marathon and obviously it was a very busy weekend for the hotel. We requested breakfast in our room at 5:45 am and it was brought to our room at that exact time. Our room was great as was the facilties in the room, good bathroom, great size room with sofa and coffee table complete with a good selection of magazines. I went for breakfast in the restaurant at around 9 15 am on the sunday morning and the service was great as was the food.We were treated very well during the whole weekend. We ate in the Isis bar which is part of the hotel and the food was really good and reasonably priced. The only downside to the bar was some noisy, drunk football supporters who did marr our enjoyment temporarily but one of the staff soon asked them to be quiet/leave.I note that some of the reviews on this hotel are quite negative but speaking as someone who regularly stays in hotels, I found this hotel to be great and would definitely stay here again. I suspect the location of the hotel at weekends could be inconvenient for some who want to be nearer to the hustle of London as there are hardly any pubs or restaurants open on a Saturday evening but this did not bother us at all. As for being asked to pay £75 in advance for the mini bar, there was no mention of this to us whatsoever so cannot understand how this happened to the other guests writing a review. I always find that generally hotel staff are more than happy to help if spoken to respectfully.I would congratulate the management team on a great hotel and would definitely stay there again. This was a terribly busy weekend for them and they coped admirably.	
Apr 29 2006	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed at this hotel for Easter weekend. We were husband, wife and our 10 year old boy. At many other hotels, you get one double bed and a z-bed squeezed into the room, but at this one we had 2 double beds, as well as 2 huge comfy armchairs and a table in front of the floor to ceiling window and our Tower of London view. This was fab. Many other reviews have spoken about unfriendly staff - our experience couldn't have been more different. No member of staff passed without saying hello, the reception staff couldn't do enough for you and those who served breakfast were helpful, friendly and there was always someone to ask if you needed something. We had to ask for an additional towel and housekeeping were at the door in minutes with a bale of towels for us. Beautiful bathroom, Molton Brown toiletries, power shower, hairdryer in the room (not the bathroom). The location made travel easy - flew into London City airport, hopped on the DLR and the hotel was a very short walk from the station. We arrived at 10.15 am expecting to leave our luggage with the concierge until later that day, but the receptionist insisted on finding us a room which was ready there and then! I wouldn't stay anywhere else in London! We paid £120 per night including breakfast. Excellent value.	
Apr 27 2006 	Service - especially breakfast is 2 star not 5 star!	I have stayed at this hotel several times for business, and whilst it looks shiny and i have always had a good room the service is atrocious. Being a five star hotel i would expect a modicum of good service but the staff seem totally indifferent - they're just not bothered.Breakfast is the worst experience in a hotel i've had. Staff are very hard to locate - i had to wait 15 minutes until i could grab a waitress and ask for a cup of coffee. The buffet was not stocked well and the cooked breakfast was dried out and had obviously been kept warm for quite some time. I requested a fresh egg from the waitress i had located but after another 15 minutes this had still not materialised so i gave up. At £20.00 this breakfast is a joke!I've had better service in a Gtreasy Spoon - don't bother staying here when there are several hotels nearby (the Tower, Apex City etc) that are cheaper and better in every way!	
Apr 24 2006	Appalling Service Appalling Hotel	The hotel service is appalling and I was disgusted by the staff and the overall experience was dreadful. The service and rooms are definately not 5 star!The most outrageous this is that upon arrival every customer is asked for £75 towards mini bar, regardless of whether you plan to use these facilities. This will only be refunded if you request a refund on checkout (note - this is not simply card authorisation, the £75 is taken out of your bank immediately). I asked to speak to the hotel manager who could barely speak English and was rude and obnoxious. After nearly 45 minutes of heated and unprofessional debate I asked the manager to leave me alone. He proceeded to talk to my back for over 10 minutes AND threatened to throw us out of the hotel if we did not pay the £75 or apologise to him for calling him unprofessional. Unbelievable! The hotel bar is also very poor and has no atmosphere whatsoever. The rooms are exceptionally small and the towel rail fell off. To top things off we had to fight for our inclusive breakfast and were accussed of lying about the fact that it was included in our package. The same person who works behind the bar, serves breakfast in the morning. For a 5 star hotel this place is managed like a hostel. In fact you are likely tol get better service in a hostel in my opinion! We were not happy at all, i would strongly advise you against booking this hotel!	
Apr 17 2006	Fantastic Value!	My husband and I have just returned from an Easter break in London. We stayed at the Grange City and were very impressed. As it was a weekend we were able to park literally outside the front entrance for free!We paid £80 a night and had a great room, very large and comfortable with floor to ceiling windows with great views over Thames and Tower of London. Everywhere in the hotel is spotless.Staff were so friendly and helpful even though English was not their native language.Pool and gym are every bit as good as in photos.A few words of caution. If you are staying on a weekend get to breakfast early! Continental breakfast is complimentary at weekends and there was a great selection of pastries, fresh fruit, yoghurts etc and the waiters were happy to bring fresh toast to your table, however if you arrive after 9am expect to queue to get a table and you won't have as much selection as displays take some time to be refilled. The waiting staff work flat out to keep up though. There are signs in the lifts and bedrooms warning about delays at weekends.Also do not attempt to remove mini bar items to store your own wine/water. It is computer controlled and those items will be charged to your account. So we discovered! The reception staff were fine about it and removed the items from our bill. I guess it happens a lot.In summary the Grange City exceeded our expectations. A great location, good size rooms, friendly staff and the best value hotel I have stayed in inside the UK never mind London.	
Apr 15 2006	Gorgeous hotel but be warned about the breakfast experience...	For my 21st birthday my boyfriend and I decided to go away for the weekend and after deciding on London for abit of hardcore shopping, began searching the net for a good deal. I eventually came across this hotel for the bargin price of £100 a night in a double exec room plus continental breakfast!The hotel itself was lovely but very typical for a chain but still it was in good condition and the rooms were tidy with comfy sofas a great selection of magazines, movies etc. We also had a beautiful view of the tower of london ( room 814 i think it was) and the surrouding area. Only downer was size of bathroom, small but bright and clean so it was fine for us.I found the staff to be friendly, polite and helpful much to my relief! They checked us in promply so that was good too.My only qualms really was location, it is quite far out and the tube station shut at 9pm on the saturday night!! But we knew about location before we came, we kinda weighed it up-a fab night in a fab hotel far from shops or a crappy night in a cheap hotel right by Selfridges etc. In the end we made the right choice for sure!The only other problem was breakfast, the queues were horrendous and there were hardly any tables for parties of more than 2 which seemed weird to me. The break itself wasnt great, i ended up with soggy toast and dried fruit. The whole thing was buffet style but never really got filled up so it wasnt too great on the whole.However we enjoyed the hotel, would def come again especially as we didnt have time for a swim and the pools meant to be fab! I would highly recommend the hotel but avoid the breakfast unless you are straving (£12.50-cont, £19.95-full eng) otherwise you will end up with stale toast, rock hard eggs and a 15minute wait for a cup of coffee :)	
Apr 10 2006	Good hotel for the money	I booked this hotel for a one night stay on 8 April 2006. A double including continental breakfast was £80. The hotel is only a 45 second walk from Tower Hill tube station, fairly close to the West End though not walking distance. Check in was straight forward, the staff were reasonably friendly, most seem to be Eastern European. Our room was exactly like the photos of the standard room on the website. The only bad points about the room were- no LCD tv, just a normal one- no Molton Brown toiletries, we had Gilchrist and Soames- no hairdryer in the room which seemed bizarre- the safe didn't work- it had one of those fridges where you can't move any items and put your own stuff in (it automatically charged your room even if you just picked up anything)We had a small balcony too, you could just see the Tower of London and Tower Bridge in one direction, in the other you could see the Gherkin (Swiss Re Tower).When we went out Saturday night there were 3 trays from room service outside different rooms, didn't look very good.Breakfast the next morning was good, toast, croissants, cereal, fruit, yoghurt. There was a small queue for checkout at 11am, after that we left our bags with the concierge and had a swim. The changing rooms were very nice (they had Molton Brown products and hairdryers!) and the pool was lovely. There was also a spa, steam room and sauna. Very relaxing!There seemed to be spaces to park outside the hotel but as I wasn't sure we had parked at a friends.Overall, this is a good hotel, especially if you have time to take advantage of the pool facilities. I would happily go back, but not for more than £80 / night.	
Apr 2 2006	Perfect Hotel right near Tower of London	This hotel was perfect and a big surprise. It's a 5-star hotel and we definitely agreed. Large entrance and clean lobby, very close location to Tower Hill subway station, rooms were HUGE for a London hotel (and even large by US standards), LCD TVs, large windows, nice breakfast. The hotel was also having a sale on the rates at a big discount over the published rates. I'm not sure if they always give cheaper rates.The only small negative was that the entire staff were foreign and did not have English as their native language. There were a couple times that it was difficult to communicate with the receptionist or concierge because of this.Highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 26 2006 	Decent	Great location, mixed experience with service. TV took repeated (very pleasant) staff visits to get working. Charged me 40 pounds for borrowing an ethernet cord and plug - still waiting for a credit. Breakfast a horrible value. But - great location, nice room, nicely responsive staff, good restaurants.	
Mar 7 2006	5 Star hotel at 3 star prices! Fantastic!!	Having recently stayed at her sister hotel in holborn, I found the position of this hotel far superior. Knowing my way round London, this hotel proved the perfect setting - opposite the Tower of London and Tower Bridge and only a 5 minute walk from HMS Belfast and 10 minute walk from the London Dungeons. With the Tower Hill tube and bus routes within 2 minutes walk, access to the west end (a few stops on the district line tube) was easy. The room sizes were not as large as the Grange Holborn but were well presented and a great double kingsize bed. The bathroom was modern and clean and Molton Brown toiletries were a nice touch. The swimming pool was larger that the Holborn Grange and when checking out, the health club had no issues with using the facilities for the afternoon. Use at the weekends and prices are as low as £80 for a double inc continetal breakfast. (Full english was a reasonable £7.50 supp) Overall, this hotel can be fantastic value for money. 5 star and 3 star prices!!	
Mar 7 2006	Not a 5 star hotel but ok	I agree with some reviews on here that this is certainly not a 5 star hotel. Fortuntely the prices do not reflect this. My room-key card required to be inserted into the slot at the door to allow the air-con and lighting to work; hoiwever this was damaged and the only way I could get it to work was to jam it in with paper! (or call friont desk at 2am). The bathroom was pretty grotty and the hotel overall, although generally ok, is simply a large, slightly anonymous business hotel. Not bad if you don't expect it to be great though.	
Feb 27 2006	Makes for a memorable break	This was a weekend break for my birthday so we wanted something memorable. After deliberating over which hotel to choose, we went for the Grange City at Tower Hill and really glad we did!We arrived Saturday lunchtime and the reception was busy...perhaps chaotic! However, the receptionist was great and even upgraded our room. We had a great room (612) with a balcony with views out to the Thames and the Tower Bridge. All the staff we came into contact with were great and helpful. The swimming pool is probably the best I have ever used in a hotel (although a bit dark in places - not all the lights were working??). Most London hotels are fairly impersonal places and although this was no exception, we couldnt fault it. Well maintained, comfy, very clean, great location, lovely continental breakfast - we will most certainly be coming back for more!Make sure you give it a try.	
Jan 16 2006	Great Relaxing Business hotel	I'd definately use the hotel again, travel connections are great, the bedrooms are in lovely condition, and the shower/bath has hot water pressure to make you want to stay there all day. Two things to bear in mind, neither of which would put me off using the hotel again.1. The Front Desk Staff won't win any prizes for being pleasent (Simple mix up in rooms, and I was made to believe it was my fault)2. The hotel is right beside mainline train, bus, DLR and Tube, without suffering from the associated noise, however come midnight on Friday, there are no bars open, so provided you are not looking for a late night, close to the hotel, you're elected.	
Jan 1 2006	fantastic value weekend rates	Stopped here on new years eve 2005, paid £90 for double room for 2 inc continental breakfast.Very good value, well appointed rooms, very clean, comfy bed, lovley bathroom.The health club &amp; pool is 10/10, great pool, sauna steam room etc...Our stay was over the weekend - its single yellow lines around the hotel so parking was easy and free! - we parked right outside the entrance!negative points: (and this is being picky)Its a bit far from the west end.There arn't many bars/restaurants in the local area that are open at the weekend. At checkout was a long queue.Some of the staff could be a bit happier....On the whole its a good hotel, perhaps not the best 5* ive stopped in, but at the rate we paid (£90) its a fantastic hotel, I dont think there are many hotels in london of this standards at this price, i would stop here again.	
Nov 20 2005	Worth a visit	We were due to stay at the Grange Langham Hotel situated near Oxford Circus for our main focus of our weekend which was christmas shopping. On our train journey to London, we were contacted &amp; informed that due to maintenance problems (flood) we would be moved to the Grange City Hotel. My immediate reaction was annoyance as this was further away. However, we were upgraded from a 4 star to a 5 star &amp; treated superbly. The hotel paid for our taxi's &amp; couldn't do enough for us. The staff were very courtious &amp; helpful. I was impressed with the room ( king size bed, sofa, coffee table, dressing table,tea/coffee facilities, hairdryer &amp; ironing board.)Only downside was that the bathroom was small &amp; the pillows are feather which I don't like. As it turned out, we actually made time to visit Tower Bridge as it is immediately to hand. St Katherines Dock area is also lovely. As we usually go to London twice a year, we like to stay close to the main shopping area, however, I would stay at the Grange City again &amp; travel that little extra, it is worth it.	
Nov 15 2005	Return Visit - Still Excellent	Stayed here a year ago. Just returned from 3 night stay. This time had an Executive room, much smaller than the Club room, but still big by London standards. Bath in the Executive room was much smaller as well - almost laughably small. The rooms and baths are still spotlessly clean, robes/slippers/fancy toiletries. Service has improved. Received a room w/ view of Tower Bridge as requested, also had no problem w/ a late check out request. Desk staff are still unfriendly, but end up getting the job done. Gym and pool are great assets. Being picky here - only complaints this time was in dealing with the rather green/agressive staff... They could still use a little more polish. For example, a rather aggressive MiniBar person felt it appropriate to request to come into my room and restock the bar when I was there - kind of almost pushed his way in - something you don't expect in a higher end hotel (also I am a woman, who was alone in the room). Also, when a call to the &quot;conceirge&quot; wasn't answered, I left a message to simply phone back when available, and the next thing I know a Bellman is knocking at my door, asking to come in my room (again - woman staying alone) and trying to act as the concierge. Finally, Do Not Disturb signs go unheeded. Had 2 members of staff knock on the door with the sign out... Overall this place has improved - they are trying hard and it is still is one of the nicest around. Will continue to return.	
Oct 25 2005	Grange City Hotel	I stayed in the Grange City Hotel for 2 nights on the 21st October with my partner. Check in was slow enough but the staff member checking us in was very nice. The other reception staff at the counter didn't seem very nice at all. The room was lovely and spacious and very clean. Bathroom was also spotless. We didn't have any view from our room but that didn't bother us. The pool and health club facilities were excellent. I cannot fault the hotel but the area at the weekend shuts down as this is in the business district and we had a long walk to find a shop that was open. The Tube station is only a 60 second walk away which made up for the location. I would definately stay here again.	
Sep 29 2005 	Female Friendly	I stayed here for a work conference and booked myself into one of their female friendly rooms. I had 2 beds and lots of space, Molton Brown in the bathroom and a bath and separate shower, the staff were very pleasant and the room was very nice. Good for staying over for work or play!	
Sep 26 2005 	Excellent Business Traveller Hotel	I stopped at the Grange City as the hotel was the preferred supplier for my employers. I checked out the hotel prior to my visit and it lived up to my expectations. I was upgraded to an Executive room which provided a little more living space, sofa, working desk and lounge chair. The bedroom is extremely nice with marble and complementary bath robes and the room service is very good value for money. Be sure to note that you do have to pay for internet access however, as I was on the understanding that this was included in the room rate.Excellent location, 5 mins fro Lloyds of London, Fenchurch St etc.	
Sep 9 2005 	The City Standard	I have stayed at the Grange several times on business, as it is one of the approved hotels for my firm. The rooms vary in shape and size, but they are always comfortable, with good bathrooms, a comfortable chair or sofa to relax in, and good quality beds. The gym and pool are handy to have right on the premises, and the staff are generally quick to respond to problems. Compared to other hotels in London I have stayed at, I have found my stays at the Grange to be pleasant and trouble-free. If you need to stay in the City, this is a safe bet.As others have said, the restaurants are nothing to write home about; I have found the restaurant at the French hotel across the street (sorry - forget the name) offers very good food for standard hotel prices (not cheap in London). They have a good breakfast buffet and an excellent dinner menu, with a variety of wines available by the glass. If you're on a budget, there are many take-out shops within a 5 minute walk (Pret a Manger, etc.) where you can get a quick and reasonably healthy meal for under 5 pounds.Also, if you wake up early in the morning with jet lag, the Tower of London and the Thames are 2 minutes away and perfect for a stroll.	
Sep 8 2005 	Find another hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on business for three weeks, and during that time got a pretty good overall picture of its standards.In no way can the Grange City be described as a five-star hotel. While the rooms are acceptable in terms of their cleanliness (not counting the balcony, which boasted seven discarded cigarette butts throughout our stay) and size, they are poorly maintained and, at best, only adequately furnished. I found the bed uncomfortable, the linen extremely average (as one other reviewer puts it, with motel-style blankets) and the pillows atrocious. The poor standards at the hotel carry though to the staff. Housekeeping was infuriatingly inconsistent, frequently forgetting to replace face washers and breakfast order forms, and constantly giving us fresh towels, even though we consistently hung them (as per instructions) on the woefully inadequate towel rail to signal that we didn't want fresh ones. (So much for trying to do the right thing by the environment.) Sometimes the turn-down service turned up, sometimes it didn't, leaving us to wonder why the hotel bothered proclaiming the existence of such a service at all.I called Room Service twice during our stay. On both occasions they were very slow (a bottle of beer and some ice took 20 minutes to arrive). One night I rang to ask for a breakfast order form (the second time I'd had to do so). We were on the point of going to bed when we discovered we'd not been left one when our room was made up and had to wait half an hour (and call twice) before one of the staff attended to this simple request.The Concierge is also sub-standard (I called them three times during our stay). On the first occasion that I had to call to request a breakfast order menu, the person on duty told me to call Room Service. This would be fine at a three-star establishment, but at a five star I would expect him to take the initiative to have the forms sent up, or at the very least put me through to the correct department. On another occasion the phone rang and rang at the Concierge before it was answered... by the switchboard... who routed me back to the Concierge, where once again the phone rang for ages before it as answered. Simply not good enough!And, for all this, the hotel charges ludicrous prices. Our company rate is GBP160 per night; far too much for the standard of accommodation and service that the Grange City provides.Were it not for the fact that my company had arranged my stay here, I'd have left the Grange City within a week to find a real five-star hotel. I strongly recommend anyone considering this hotel to choose better accommodation. It simply isn't worth the considerable cost, or the constant irritation, and I would be most reluctant to stay there again.	
Aug 16 2005 	so so... could be better	1) On the outskirts of the financial district. so the area gets dead very fast in the evenings. 2) a 5 star hotel should have comforters or the like, not motel 6 type blankets3) no fluff to the pillows4) never had a 5 star business hotel tell me i couldn't get some cash from them and charge it to the room. o.k. so maybe this isn't normal protocol. but at the very least it should exchange $ into pounds. again no5) TV is so small.... i think it's only about 17 -19 inches.6) entertainment selection is horrible overall not a bad hotel... not obviously not up to 5 star caliber. lots of corporate travelers so discount must be significant still i think $300/night (~170 pounds) is a little rich for such an average london hotel.	
Jul 25 2005	excellent weekend value though not central	Probably not really 5 star, though solid four star plus. Particularly good value for London at weekends. Accommodation clean and reasonably sized, if nothing exceptional. Our rate included a decent buffet breakfast. Contrary to other reviews, we found the staff curteous and friendly, but busy. The only downside is location. Excellent if you want to see the Tower of London etc. But a little out of the centre of things otherwise.	
Jul 11 2005	Excellent stay at The Grange City	My husband booked our weekend as a surprise 10th anniversary treat. We were both pleasantly surprised with the hotel considering the modest room rate of £80. We have stayed in similar 5 star hotels and paid an awful lot more. The staff on arrival were courtious and the marbled entrance area impressive. Our room was was very nicely furnished with a 6ft bed, sofa area and marbled bathroom. Our view was not the best in the hotel, however we could see The Tower of London, Thames and some great architechture. The interior design and standard of decor was modern and of good quality. All in all no complaints.Breakfast was good, I had continental, which included, juices, fruit, cereal, rolls, pastries, yogurt, toast etc. My husband opted for the full english which he too enjoyed. We were not rushed and the atmosphere relaxed. Before our stay my husband had been concerned that we were a little too far from the action in the West End. This was not a problem as we used Cabs to get about the fare only being £8 to Covent Garden. Our stay was only two days after the London bombings so we were a little reluctant to use the Tube. We also used the river boat to get to Westminster (£13 return for two) this was an enjoyable way to get about and educational too.I would certainly stay in The Grange City again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 21 2005 	Grange City Hotel	Very nice modern hotel right around the corner from the Tower of London. Rooms are nice, but not very large. I did not have a nice view, but that is b/c I opted to take a room early as I was tired and needed a shower after a long plane trip. Staff seemed adequate. Hotel was clean. The main issue is this is really a business hotel located near the financial district. Other than the Tower Of London there really is nothing to do around there for a tourist. Tube station is 1/2 a block away so you can catch that pretty easily. At night the area around the hotel is pretty quiet. Hotel bar is open late for a drink after he pubs close at 11 pm.	
May 26 2005	5 stars ?	Don't you ever wonder who actually is giving hotels their star ratings? Anyways, the Grange City was OK for the 80 pounds a night rate, but not a dazzling unforgettable 5 star experience that you would expect, but hey it only cost 80 pounds so you get what you pay for. If you want peace and quiet in your room you have to remember to post the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot;, i didn't in the beginning and i had a visitor every 5 minutes knockin on my door, first it was a maid, then a guy who said he had to come in to check my refrigerator to see if I ate any of the pringles. He had this whole checklist and slowly did his thing at the refrigerator even though i was in the room, which i thought was not so 5 star. The third visitor was a women offering chocolates which was nice, but definitely after the third visitor i had to put the sign up. So yeah put the sign up. Oh and another thing, stay away from the mini bar beers - although its nice to crack one open in your room, it ain't worth the price you have to pay when you check out.	
May 13 2005 	good value at weekend rates	Stayed here for 6 nights and was allocated a spacious room with views over the Tower of London, Tower Bridge &amp; the Thames. The bed was comfortable , although they have blankets rather than duvets. The bathroom was small but had a bath &amp; good shower, excellent molton brown products &amp; a bathrobe. There is an excellent pool &amp; good gym. The location is great if you are working in the City or for tourists who wish to visit the Tower, Tower Bridge, St Pauls &amp; Tate Modern-all within walking distance. The tube is 2 minutes away with access to the rest of London. What lets the hotel down is the food-the breakfast is poor quality &amp; expensive. The sushi bar is OK but not great. Service was generally good, but I was very unimpressed with one of the reservations team who took 4 phone calls whilst dealing with a mistake in my bill &amp; did not apologise. In summary, I would recommend this hotel at the weekend rates, but it is overpriced during the week.	
May 2 2005	Fantastic Modern hotel	My partner and i came back to the Grange City after a wonderful previous stay. This time it was even nicer. If you are looking for a newly built modern 5 star hotel then the grange is for you.The rooms are bigger than average london hotels with extremly comfortable beds, cd players, large marble bathrooms. The continental breakfast was perfect in the morning.also a mention for the location,over looking the tower of london, for a relaxing stay its perfect, not in the centre but not that far from it. I have recommended to friends and have booked my parents in for a stay too.You can get a last minute deal on the website address for £80 (including breakfast at the W/E). I have attached a photo of the room we stayed in, taken with a cam phone so not the best quality but hope it helps.	
May 1 2005	perfect	this hotel was chose as a surprise weekend break for me by my fiance.he couldnt of picked better.helpful staff,nice breakfast but do get there before 9 am or you could have a bit of a wait.only downside is that no local pubs or places to eat are open at the weekend just monday to friday but the train station is right next door so you dont have far to go.would reccomend this hotel to anyone.by the way to those people who mentioned in their review that the 8th floor is haunted,did u not notice the ice machine room and that it is constantly making noises so dont be put off by these noises it certainly is not the bogeyman.	
Apr 26 2005	great value for money on the weekends	I have stayed at the grange city last weekend. i really like the location, just steps from the tower tube station and the no 15 bus calling at many london sights (also nightbus).the room was excellent, huge bathroom, even a c d player at the room. i had a room towards the railway line next to the hotel but did not found this disturbing at all.the health club with a big pool is very nice, probably the nicest i have ever seen in london. this is for sure a 5 star hotel and i do not understand some of the other opinions about the hotel here on this side. the staff was very helpful and friendly. continental breakfast was included in my rate of 80 pounds per night for a double. for a surcharge you can get an english breakfast. i liked the bar at the hotel, too. there are some nice pubs and restaurants in walking distance next to the tower bridge in the old harbour area.i would definetly stay again at the grange city hotel.	
Apr 11 2005	Very Good	Terrific hotel. Great for business travelers. Very nice rooms and excellent service. The lounge was great. Free 24 hour internet service. Free refreshements in the lounge also.	
Mar 24 2005	Dreadful!	Agree with the other reviews - this is far from a 5 star hotel. It looks/feels like something out of Dallas/Dynasty from the 80s. The staff are unhelpful, rude, and above all havent got a clue what they're doing - quite unbelievable. The rooms are small with no storage space, the hotel smells, the restaurant has no atmosphere whatsover and the food is dreadful. This hotel stinks and the Novotel over the road looks far superior!! Dont be fooled there are hotels which are 100 times better in London.	
Mar 23 2005	Good but not 5 star	Booked this place last minute as had a friend visiting and my flat was out of action! Paid £80 through Late rooms so not bad price for London, although it wouldn't be worth paying much more. Requested a room with a view but they messed up our reservation (twice) so ended up with a room on the 2nd floor with view of the street. Room was huge and quiet but sparsely furnished with a few knocks and tears - certainly not 5 star. No CD player, bathrobes or orchids. Thought the pool and spa were pretty nice, much better than average and all the public areas were well presented. Breakfast was nothing special although service was efficient despite it being very busy. Overall staff could have been friendlier and more helpful though, you could barely get a smile out of any of them! Location was great, quite a nice area 1 min from Tower Hill tube and the Tower of London, 5 mins from bars and restaurants on the other side of the river, a few stops from the West End. Worth staying here if you can get a late deal and want a hotel with a pool/spa.	
Feb 4 2005	Do not stay here	This hotel is NOT 5* they have simply graded it themselves ( of course this is only my opinion...) Stayed there for a weekend and had an awful time - too many things wrong to mention, state of the room, broken tv, smelly room, prices in the hotel are a complete disgrace and the staff - even senior management were completely obnoxious, worst of all - the busy sign on your door - means NOTHING in this place. TWICE my partner and I came back to our room to find up to 4 peopole at a time in there, doing what? I'll never know - i asked but was not told. I even walked to reception and said - do not come to our room today as my partner is unwell, within 1 hour - they were there.... I have stayed in a lot of hotels - and although this may seem good value - its barely a 4* trust me - spend your money else where.	
Jan 30 2005	Not 5 star	Booked a great rate of 80 pounds per room per night on the hotel website, this included a poor breakfast with cold coffee not a good start. At the price it was great value with wonderful views of london Bridge and the tower of london. Although slightly away from the action there is a tube station next door. After a while the interior does resemble some dining establishments in nearby Brick Lane, but at 80 pounds its hard to complain.	
Jan 17 2005	Consistently good	Very good weekend rates available directly from the Hotel's website. Worth asking for high floor room and river view - also worth paying a small supplement for an exec room - they're much larger. Yes it is away from the West End and quiet which many would see as plus points, but the action of London is only a short tube ride away. Worth staying here for the stunning views of the Tower of London and the river. Good spa and pool. Staff very friendly and helpful, reception staff and front of house manager (Royce) are exceptional.Unless you have a pressing need to stay in the West End, would recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Oct 25 2004	Pros and Cons!	We visited the Grange City Hotel on Saturday 23rd October 2004.While I was born in London, I've lived in Suffolk for the past 20 years and Saturday was an opportunity to play tourist. A visit to Hatton Garden, Oxford St. and Petticoat Lane Market.The Grange City is just what others have described, a businessman's hotel in a prime London location.It should be noted that the hotel is being extended at the moment (buiding works) and is sited on top of an underground station (Aldgate), albeit this in truth did not adversely affect our stay.Checking in was painless and the room much as expected, being a reasonable size, clean and well appointed.What I had rather forgotten was that at weekends, the City of London is largely deserted and shut. No shops or restaurants / cafes open for miles. Indeed you have to travel as far west as Tottenham Court Road before you find life.On the weekend of our visit, the underground was in meltdown. Tower Hill tube and Aldgate East were shut and there was no Circle Line, which meant that taxi and bus were the only real alternative.Back to the hotel, we didn't take advantage of the pool, but on the Saturday night the wine bar was largely deserted save a group having a meal and on the Sunday Morning the breakfast was very average.In summary (not really a 5-star) but good value assuming you get a good price. We paid £95 for the room including continental breakfast.	
Oct 7 2004 	Nice Business Hotel City Location near Tower of London	Interesting how the rooms apparently vary in amenities provided. We had CD player, iron and ironing board -- but no orchid or bathrobes! Would have liked the bathrobes. Rooms are well fitted out, good sized and pleasant, with the bathrooms nicely done. I wouldn't really call it a &quot;five star&quot; hotel although the service was good and the rooms are very nice. I was there on business, but it is very convenient to the Tube and just across Tower Bridge you can access restaurants and the Design museum. Seemed a reaasonable value for the price -- by London standards.	
Sep 22 2004 	Great hotel and a great price	We booked for 2 nights at the Grange's special weekend rate (only 95 pounds per night!!) and were totally impressed. A bit a of a slow start with a trainee at reception but after that it was all good. Classy and spacious rooms, brilliant location and the gym, pool and spa facilities are all top notch. The bets hotel we have atyed in London by a country mile - we'll be back!!!	
Sep 20 2004	Superb	Easy to sum up this place... Brilliant! We have just spent two nights in a double room at a luxury 5* hotel in london for £80 per night including continental breakfast. Previous review is spot on. Location is excellent, very close to Tower Hill underground but also away from the crowds. The hotel itself is wonderful. We made full use of the gymnasium, swimming pool, sauna, spa and steam room, all free of charge. Towels were provided as well as changing facilities etc. Don't forget the pound coin for the lockers! Only minor complaint was that the fitness centre closed at 8pm on a weekend instead of 10pm. The room had all the luxuries you would expect from a 5* hotel except we didn't have any bathrobes or CD player contrary to a previous review. Didn't realise, but next time we go I shall enquire. TV had all skysports channels so managed to watch the Ryder Cup and cricket, but no other choices apart from the terrestial channels and BBC World. No foreign channels for example except a Japanese one. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. No problems for checking out 2 hours late so we could spent more time in the pool!	
Sep 5 2004	Hotel PERFECT for families 		
Sep 1 2004	absolutely fantastic!		
Sep 1 2004	Not really a proper 5 star hotel		
Aug 2 2004	Great Hotel Spectacular View		
Jun 27 2004	Grange City--big rooms mediocre service		
Jun 11 2004	Fabulous		
Mar 2 2004	Bargain luxury weekend hotel		
Sep 12 2003	Good for business		
Sep 2 2003	Modern Opulence		
Jul 21 2003	Great Hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	Große Leistung zum kleinen Preis		
Sep 17 2009 	Super déçue		
Aug 26 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
Apr 25 2009 	il massimo ad un prezzo ragionevole		
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastico di fronte al Tower Bridge		
Apr 18 2009 	Ottimo hotel nel cuore della City		
Jan 27 2009 	Peut mieux faire		
