	The Leopard Bar at the Rubens Hotel is an absolute find; best spot for a glass of champagne in London	My husband and I were in London over the Thanksgiving week this year and tried the Rubens Hotel. Hotel was gracious, warm and very comfortable. Room was quite spacious by London standards. Do ask for the turn down service. Chocolates are yummy. Our favorte part of our stay was meeting Said Mahri, manager of the Leopard Bar inside the hotel. It is a luxurious room with wood panelling. Very romantic and chic. Said is a charming and gracious host, very knowledgeable about the London retaurant and bar scene.	
	Pleasurable stay	Fantastic location right next to the Palace, and we had a wonderful walk through St James Park after breakfast. We stayed here when catching a couple of shows in the West End. It was a bit out of the way from Covent Garden (£15-£20 in a taxi) but ideal as a start point with a variety of bars to have a drink in.The service was really good, and that was consistent whoever you met whether it was reception, breakfast staff or barmen. The standard of the room was also very good, and the bed was one of the best we've ever stayed in (my wife now wants to buy one!). If we were to be picky it is a little pricey. We had lunch that consisted of a couple of drinks, salad, steak and fries which was £50. But that said there was plenty of people eating and drinking there so what do I know!Really enjoyed the stay and would go back.	
Nov 25 2009 	Tops for service accommodation location 	My husband and I just completed another wonderful stay at the Rubens. Those looking for well-sized and well-decorated rooms ( vs. the usual London &quot;closets&quot;), friendly &amp; exemplary service from staff at all levels, a terrific location offering easy access to multiple tube &amp; bus lines, plus value for money need look no further. Our beautifully decorated &amp; spacious room included a marvelous shower, free wireless access, good lighting, plenty of outlets, comodious desk space, and a separate table--plus two upholstered chairs. The breakfast caters for all tastes and is offered from early 'til late. Helpful staff are happy to organize theatre tickets, tours, museum visits--whatever you want. The bar/lounge has a terrific pianist/singer--and there's an intimate champagne bar as well.	
Nov 23 2009 	Consistently excellent service	We stayed at the Rubens for the third time this year and yet again, we were not disappointed. The service is outstanding. We upgraded to a suite for a good price (offered at reception when we booked in) and, although not huge, it was very comfortable indeed. We have stayed in standard and superior rooms before and found them fine. We usually eat in the Old Masters for the pre-theatre dinner and find it good value for central London and very convenient before a show. Breakfast is served in there too and of a very good standard. This time, we also ate dinner in the Library restaurant one evening - very good food and service - a delight. All in all, we would not stay anywhere else in London - for the quality of service alone.	
Nov 22 2009 	Think twice.	Very disappointing stay at The Rubens. The room they gave us was horrible - very old beat up furniture and the toilet did not flush. We changed rooms and the second room looked better, however the bed had something wrong with it and it made noise everytime you turned over. We ended up changing hotels after one night here.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Hotel at a dynamite location!	This hotel is just down the street from Buckingham Palace and convenient to Victoria Station. The food is good and the service is impeccable. Service is one thing the English definitely know how to do and do well. The last time I was in London, I stayed at one of the RCH Chains other hotels, The Chesterfield in Mayfair. It was a little more upscale but the Rubens was more compatible with having a teenager along. Be sure to book one of their larger rooms as the standard would be kind of cramped by American standards. I had an executive king and it was more than adequate. Don't blame the Brits for the dollar being worthless, but I wouldn't say things were exorbitant. This hotel is a great base for exploring London and I heartily recommend it.	
Nov 11 2009 	Loved It :-)	Do you like a great location ? A charming spotless clean hotel ? An oh so comfortable bed ? A great breakfast ? Polite, friendly &amp; helpful staff ? Then stay at Rubens At The Palace. I simply couldn't fault it !!Enjoyed every minute and will stay again for sure.Visit &quot;The Square&quot; for lunch if you can :-) fab.	
Nov 11 2009 	Wonderful hotel highly recommended nothing too much trouble	Excellent for couples wanting a romantic weekend ~ friendliness of staff was exceptional and the food highly recommended. Good central location to visit all London areas.	
Nov 8 2009 	Ideal location close to Victoria Station 	We chose hotel because of location, very convenient within walking distance from Victoria station. Staff friendly, efficient and not stuffy. Although first time we had stayed at this hotel we have stayed at other hotels within the Carnation Hotel Group. We have become fans of this small hotel chain, each hotel has an individual charm.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great location and value	I stayed at the Rubens for 3 nights on business and could not have been happier. The staff, location and value for $$ was outstanding. It is a perfect place to stay for both business and pleasure because of the location. In additon the bar and restaurant are both excellent.	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful hotel	My husband, four-year old child, and mother stayed at here for three nights at the beginning of a tour of UK and Spain. Despite a disastrous first start (the chartered conveyance did not show up at the airport and subsequently had to wait for over an hour to get the ride into London, and the check-in clerk--a young, sullen girl--was rude and made a forceful attempt to get me to upgrade) I would highly recommend this hotel. The hotel manager, Malcolm, was omnipresent, professional, prompt and customer service oriented. Because of the issue at the airport, the van price was reduced and the Manager's calm, polite manner ensured that the rude girl behind the desk did not spoil our stay. The location of this hotel is AMAZING; you can safely jog around the neighborhood, you can walk to theaters, catch the metro right outside the doors, and walk to Buckingham Palace and Hyde Park in just three blocks. The staff was nice to my child and didn’t act like a plague ridden rodent had entered their domain. The food was wonderful--which says a lot for a Country that is not known for its cuisine. There afternoon tea was a treat, you could sit and watch the world walk by the large paned window. They have a champagne bar and a lovely lounge. The concierge—Tom--was amusing and helpful. The hotel also has a great piano player who hails from Kentucky and plays nice background music in the lounge area (he does request and can play “Free Bird”). I do have to say the hotel rooms are not what you would expect in the United States and the lobby is very small (I thought quaint). My mother's room was so small she could not fit her suitcase in the room without removing furniture into the bathroom, and her view was of a concrete wall. However, the wallpaper was suede, the bathroom incredible, the bed comfortable, and everything was clean. As I said before, there was a problem with my reservation and the stay could have been a disaster. Somehow, in June, &quot;Bedsoline&quot; booked the wrong room at the wrong rate and the aforementioned sullen clerk told me I would have to upgrade in order to stay in the same room with my husband and four year-old child. I accused the clerk of a &quot;bait and switch&quot; as I was not informed that there was a problem until check-in. I booked in June for an October stay without any indication that my husband and I could not fit into a room with a child in tow. The manager quickly stepped in, upgraded us to a Junior Suite for no additional cost. The Suite was the size of a smallish standard US hotel room, but was clean had a lovely view and was a wonderfully comfortable bed. Again, the manager of this hotel makes the property a classy, safe and comfortable home base in London. There are other choices out there, but I for the location, cleanliness, and customer service you cannot beat this hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	A most pleasant surprise	We normally stay at Four Seasons but decided to try the Rubens based on its outstanding location. So it was with great pleasure we discovered a level of service that was at the very least on par with the FS's. The staff was efficient, discreet and seemed to genuinely enjoy their work. We stayed in an Executive King and the room was of an entirely adequate size with amenities exceeding our expectations. The included breakfast was ample, tasty and again enhanced by seamless and eager to please service; even the concierge desk never tired of our constant pestering.All in all it was an excellent 3 day visit and we would not hesitate to return.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Stay at the Rubens	This hotel is in a great location. It is across the street from the Mews and only a short walk to Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, restaurants and shops. We got the Get More For Your Stay option which included a huge, delicious breakfast every morning. We also tried the Masters dinning room for dinner. Our meal was very good and the service was unbeatable. Our room was a little small, but comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our visit and would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 26 2009 	The Reubens is a winner	The Rubens at the Palace was truly a 4 star hotel. The service and the friendliness of the staff was exceptional. We stayed in an executive king room. They were able to split the king bed into twins. There was plenty of elbow room and the bath products were spa quality. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a first class experience. The location is excellent. It is within walking distance of practically everything. The full English breakfast buffet is very satisfying. Dinner at the Cavary is also very nice. The lounge and bar area are quiet and comfortable. They are perfect places to relax after a long day of sightseeing. It's not inexpensive, but well worth the price.	
Oct 26 2009 	Super London hotel	This was our second visit to The Rubens as we had loved it so much last year.This year was again fabulous, but too noisy! This wasn't the fault of the hotel. We were in a room at the side of the hotel where there were road works , which ufortunatly woke us up very early! Last year we were at the front over looking the Royal Mews which was great with a lovely view.The next morning ( Sunday) no early road works just a really inconsiderate guest who decided to start walking and banging around from as early as four am!!!!!! The hotel is a beautiful old building which has very creaky floor boards so it was awful trying to sleep as it was impossible through the noise ,my husband rang reception ,who kindly suggested that the guest stop being so noisy but to no avail!The Staff at the Hotel were super as last year. Food ,breakfast , is exellent as was the fine dining in the library resturant .We had fun in the piano lounge in the evening and my husband sang with the lovely American pianist which was good fun.Exellent location as right by Buckingham palace, infact we walked everywhere as the weather was warm.All in all a lovely gem of a hotel, but if we return for a third visit will request a high floor and room away from the road works!!	
Oct 23 2009 	Rubens was a great place to stay	The location is what guided me to this hotel, close to Victoria Station, close to the theater district and walkable distance to Big Ben. Arrived early and they stored our luggage for us while we went to Kew Gardens. Received the London Telegraph newspaper each morning -- had 2 days of complimentary breakfast and they provided us an current convertor for my laptop,curling iron. Free wi-fi and air-conditioning and nicely appointed rooms.	
Oct 16 2009 	Lovely friendly London hotel!	I stopped here with work last night, and just want to say what a lovely hotel in London, a proper 4 star! Staff very friendly and efficient and breakfast a treat! Rooms are small, but nicely decorated and furnished, clean and comfortable. Rooms quiet for a London hotel, so I got a good nights sleep. Decor in lounge area lovely and unique, and a pianist until midnight! All in all, I'd stay again, either via work or with my husband. Excellent location too!!	
Oct 14 2009	Highly recommend	This hotel knows the true meaning of &quot;customer service&quot; during our recent stay it couldn't be faulted. Beautiful room, because we stayed for 2 nights over a weekend our rate included breakfast (best I have ever had) both days and carvery dinner for 2 on one night! Highly recommend the Rubens!	
Oct 13 2009 	Short but very sweet.	Enjoyed a wonderful evening at the Rubens. Loved the check in with a very friendly welcome. My room was spacious and well equipped. With a view right in to Buckingham Palace!There was no mini-bar which turned out to be a blessing in disguise as I ventured next door to bBar which turned out to be great fun. I was travelling by myself on this occasion and was very well looked after, newspapers, wonderful cocktails and very attentive service. A very restful night was completed with a fine breakfast.	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect hotel in perfect location!	We spent a week at The Rubens and enjoyed every moment. We had a suite at the front of the hotel but the windows are double-paned so no street noise! The hotel has the best breakfast ever -- got our busy days off to a good start! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The train station is 2 block away for trips outside London. The hotel is literally across the street from Buckingham Palace -- great location. It is an easy walk along the park to Westminster Abbey and the Thames River. We will stay there again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Classic Elegance	Great location near Buckingham, theaters, shoppiing. Entire staff attentive to our comfort and requests. Restaurants excellent in both food quality and service. Stayed in the African Queen suite - a luxurious end to our first trip to Europe	
Oct 8 2009 	Rubens is Fantastic!	Stayed at the Rubens in London, England this pass August. Just a wonderful accommodation with fabulous people that work there. They go out of their way with everything and I mean everything. When we walked in we were called by our first names, could not believe that. They send you a questionaire before you get to the hotel and any suggestions you may have or wants that you may have and they handle them first class. Also, the Rubens is across from the Meuws and other attractions all within walking distance. If your next stop is London, consider staying at the Rubens.	
Oct 8 2009 	Outstanding	Our first trip to Europe started with 5 nights at The Rubens at the Palace. It was beyond our expectations. It is everything one would want in a hotel. People, cleanliness, location, help from staff, and great restaurants and bar. We got spoiled on our first trip and my wife and I have already said if we should ever return to London this is the only place we will want stay.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great stay at the Rubens	Traveling through London on our way back home from touring Italy . Took the train from Gatwick stayed overnight at The Rubens at the Palace. It was a very good hotel, a very comfortable bed, very nice even posh room and it was a big room. Had the breakfast that came with room and it was excellent. Great location, sites and Victoria St.Staff was really on top of things, friendly and nice. We went out for dinner at St Johns (15-20 min away by hackney and great meal), the concierge phoned to tell them we were going to be late. I would go back to The Rubens at the Palace anytime i was in London.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellance in a great location	What a great hotel at a reasonable price for London - all the staff were friendly and helpful (continually smiling) The location couldn't be better for access to the main sights and the tube. Just had a standard room but the bed was enormous. Full English breakfast superb - didn't eat again some days! Excellant carvery meal on the first evening in beautiful surroundings and again at good price for London. Am Itoo easy to pl ease? - no, it really was that good. Only word of caution - latte coffee very expensive at £4.50 a cup - Ouch! You only make that mistake once. Used the coffee facilities in my room the next time or bought out at Starbucks. Despite that it deserves 5*	
Oct 5 2009 	A very nice British hotel near Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station	We stayed the weekend at this older hotel, and found the staff eager to go out of their way to be helpful. Our room was unusually shaped and looked cramped, but it actually had space for all of our 'stuff' (we were wrapping up a two-week trip to the British Isles). After much hastle, we did get the Internet going, but sporadically, even after the manager on duty personally tried to help. Our 'package' included a three course &quot;carvery dinner&quot; the first night, a delightful prime rib of roast beef dinner with all the trimmings. The breakfast buffet was also quite good, and they had a very unusual way of cooking the eggs to just the right degree of doneness. Tom the concierge was expertly knowledgable and very helpful, but service from that desk fell off during his days off, unfortunately. But we would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wonderful service superb location	The hotel itself is beautiful. We were delighted that our room was ready when we arrived at 1:00 pm--the room was lovely and well appointed, and offered free internet service--plus a view of the Buckingham Palace mews. When a small issue arose, it was addressed immediately, graciously, and satisfactorily. The staff were professional, knowledgeable, friendly, and extremely helpful. The location of the hotel is convenient to the tube, to all of the sights in Westminster and Trafalgar Square, and easily accessible. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London .	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location great service good rooms!	We had a five night stay at Rubens in Sept. '09, and upgraded to a Superior King Bed Room. The room itself was fairly small, but was clean and met our needs. The &quot;king bed&quot; was two single beds slid together, but worked fine. Plenty of storage for clothes. The bathroom was quite nice - limited counter space for necessities, but was very well finished with beautiful tile, and a bathtub/shower combo. We like sleeping in a cold room, and the air conditioning must be the best in London! The room also had free wi-fi (from your personal computer, and even a keyboard for wi-fi on the flat-screen TV). Probably the best features of this hotel include its city location and general service. All staff was extremely professional &amp; courteous. I can't recall a single incident of poor service that warrants mention. After cleaning the room, each day an employee stopped by to confirm that everything met our satisfaction. Nice touch! Also, their breakfast restaurant was very good. They had a full buffet, with a cook-to-order egg station, pastries, cereals, juices, meats,... not your traditional English breakfast.Most major attractions were within walking distance, including Portobello Market, Notting Hill, Hyde Park, London Eye, Thames, River, Cabinet War Room, Parliament, and of course Buckingham Palace is directly across the street. Also, the location is only 2-3 blocks from Victoria Station, a rail &amp; tube station that is well located for getting anywhere in London. As a Starbucks junky, Victoria Station filled this square. Also, excellent restaurants in the neighborhood too (for Indian food, try Quillon at the Taj Majal Hotel; very good). In addition, Victoria Station area has good pubs, a small grocery store, and inexpensive food options. Good people-watching too. Overall a great visit to London, and I wouldn't hesitate to set up base camp at Rubens at the Palace on future visits.	
Oct 2 2009 	Good Location Staff and Surface Value ... But ...	The location is great. Quick walk to the gates of Buckingham Palace, and the Victoria tube. Quiet and peaceful at night when you want to sleep.Front desk and restaurant staff were wonderful. Nice, helpful, friendly, informative people.I expect small and expensive rooms in any major city. I get that in Manhattan, Washington DC, and Boston all the time. If the room is laid out properly and is cleaned well, I have no complaints.At the Rubens, the layout is crazy. There is too much furniture in the room. There was some sort of green plant or food stuck to my sheets the first day we arrived.The bathroom was silly. The bathtub wall is 3 ft off the ground. One half of the tub entrance is blocked by a dodgy glass screen, the other half is blocked by the adjacent toilet (2 inches of clearance). So, I suppose I was supposed to swing open the glass screen its 10 degrees maximum, sit on the tub edge, and then swing my legs over the toilet in order to get in? The Royal suite fortunately has an additional stall shower ... otherwise, I fear my husband and I would have either been very dirty or very injured.There was lots of cheap Britishy frippery about, in the rooms, the hallways, the exterior. Looks fancy, but lacks real quality. Looks like gold, feels like gold, but when you look close, it's fool's gold. Which is fine if we paid fool's gold prices and expected the equivalent.The meals were fine, if overpriced. I hope most of the profit from those meals go to the excellent service staff.Layout, cleanliness, and a little simplicity would go a long way. Or make it cheaper.	
Sep 29 2009 	For elders	Excellent location, just across the Kings Mews. You can stay here if you want to get up at 6.30 am, because everything seems to be thin: walls, doors, ceilings etc. Staff was very helpfull. We change room after the first night because of the incredible noise on the street in early morning! Breakfast is ok, but no too healthy. Almost all british food is not too healthy. Next time I ll definitely choose another hotel, but I could send my parents here.	
Sep 26 2009 	Terrible	So disappointing. Rooms smell really off. Rude and dismissive staff. Couldn't recommend under any conditions. I chose the hotel because of overall good reviews but my experience was the opposite.	
Sep 20 2009 	A perfect hotel in a perfect location	We selected The Rubens due to its ideal location for Buckingham Palace and the Houses of Parliament. On arrival we discovered that The Royal Mews were 50 yards from the Hotel and Westminster only a 15 minute stroll away.We were very impressed with all of the staff at the hotel who couldn't do enough for us. The rooms we had booked were nicely decorated, very comfortable and clean although the Standard Rooms appear to be on the small side - not a problem however.The service in the dining room was second to none and the carvery was excellent.Although we didn't dine in the Library restaurant it looked very appealing, and I'm sure if and when we stay here again we will make the effort to eat here.	
Sep 19 2009 	We are blown away by The Reubens we love it and are only ever going to stay there from now on!!	My Husband &amp; I have stayed at The Reubens twice so far, but we are going back for my birthday weekend of 26th Sept. 2009. The staff here are extremely friendly, which always makes any hotel stay for us. We have stayed in other hotels in the Victoria area of London, but will never cross their portals ever again. It's The Reubens for us everytime. From the moment we walked through the lovely doors, the Doorman smiled, the Reception staff smiled, the Concierge smiled, and every other member of the staff we met in all parts of the hotel were lovely, and made our stay special. Food was fantastic, magnificent breakfast, afternoon tea an absolute delight, we have never done that before, but will be treating our friends and family to The Reubens Afternoon Tea experience. Last time we stayed here, a couple of weeks ago, we had the Charles II room, with a lovely comfortable bed, a gorgeous bathroom, and a portrait of the flamboyant King Charles himself. It felt like a room in Buckingham Palace itself. In fact, I was almost tempted to walk across the road and have a word with Her Majesty the Queen, and recommend The Reubens if she ever has to vacate the palace for any reason. We can't recommend this any higher. You can't put a price on quality, we are not rich people, but we like to get great value for our hard earned money, and that's what to expect from The Reubens at the Palace Hotel, Buckingham Palace Road, SW London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Old World Charm Sumptuous Food Excellent Location is Rubens at the Palace	We came into town for two nights before catching a transatlantic cruise. The hotel is across the street from Buckingham Palace, and down the street from Victoria Station where we needed to meet our transfer bus to the shop port in Harwick. Rubens has the reputation of excellence and they lived up to that reputation. We flew all night Aug 30 and walked in about 11:30am on the 31st tired. We were given our room right away. Our room was number 215 on the 2nd floor. We booked a superior king room that had fabulous sheets, pillows and a comfortable duvet. The bathroom was marble with a rain water shower head. One concern, you must make sure the tub mat is secured before you step up into the tub. A security bar would be a welcome addition to the bath situation. The room also has a flat screen TV and free WIFI. Our floor to almost ceiling windows looked on the back gate of Buckingham Palace. The hotel has three eateries. The Cavalry Bar and Palace Lounge serves light meals, drinks, snacks and Traditional Afternoon Tea. The Library is strickly a dinner restaurant and our favorite was The Old Masters Restaurant. Although it was served buffet style, the food and the service was amazing. There were three courses offered but you could get two or three. The two course price is 22.50 pounds and the three course price was 27.50 pounds. There was so much to choose from. Homemade salads, soups, yorkshire pudding, many different vegetables to choose from along with prime rib carved for you which we had the first night, and lamb we had the second night. The food was so good we ate there both nights. The dessert cart was full with homemade puddings, triffles and pies. We had a wonderful restful time at the Rubens and intend to return in 2010. We highly recommend this establishment in every way,	
Sep 15 2009 	Wonderful hotel	We had such a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff were fantastic the best I've ever met. The hotel is lovely and the room was very comfortable with a gorgeous bathroom. The location is great and handy for all the tourist attractions but the most outstanding memory for us will be the warmth and kindness of the staff.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great location- Excellent service	We were delighted with the great service and location of this hotel. Priced very reasonably. English Breakfast was great. All staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. I would highly recommend.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Location! Very friendly staff. Would love to stay there again....	We traveled with our family of five, so we did end up in two rooms- as did we everywhere in Europe. Both rooms were very clean and cosy. We consulted the staff for everything from dining advice to ticket information and found them to be well informed and friendly. The location was perfect. It was only steps away from the tube, bus station, and hop-on bus tour. The hotel overlooks the Royal Mews, so while it was convenient to transportation, it was also in a more quiet area. We enjoyed our breakfast every morning and had dinner in the pub area one night. The food was good and the convenience a godsend for tired kids. I would love to return to this hotel.	
Sep 10 2009 	A perfect few days at the Rubens	Just returned from a long weekend (5 day) break in London and can't speak highly enough of the Rubens. We chose an executive room to have a bit more space and room was not massive but entirely comfortable, well equipped and peaceful. Bathroom was a bit snug but satisfactory. The staff really made it a special holiday: they could not do enough to help us and every single member of the team was very attentive and seemed genuinely keen to make sure we were served in a professional, yet warm and friendly manner. A talented pianist in the bar most nights added to the atmosphere.We found the standard of food was very high, a cut above both 4 and 5 star hotels we have stayed in. Fab breakfast with loads of choice, whether you wanted a hearty english with all the trimmings or healthy cereal and fruit. Theatre suppers were also good and dinner in The Library to die for, one of the best meals we have had anywhere.The hotel is very well positioned for sights and shops, located right opposite the Royal Mews within a couple of hundred yards of Buckingham Palace. Closest tube was Victoria, just four or five minutes walk, as were the Apollo Victoria and Victoria Palace Theatres.We would strongly recommend this hotel and will be staying there again ourselves.	
Sep 7 2009 	Impeccable Service and Outstanding Rooms at a Perfect Location	This was my second stay (as a business trip) after staying last Summer with my family for a vacation, where they made us feel at home (the little ones were treated like royalty). The staff continues to impress me with their impeccable service. About 5 minutes after I checked in and was in my room I received a call from the front desk asking if I was satisfied with the room. What?!?? I've stayed at a gizzillion hotels and that was a first for me. Yet that's how I'm treated by the Rubens staff. They truly go out of their way to make you feel like you're a VIP. And that universal treatment by all their staff naturally comes from the top (i.e., management), so in my mind it's a very, very well-run hotel. The rooms are extremely clean, spacious for London standards, the beds are tops, the sheets and pillows are tops, the towels are thick (not Holiday Inn-like sand-paper towels), the bathrooms' furnishings/fixtures are all new, the breakfast is U.S. style with omlettes, bacon, etc. or, if you prefer a European-like continental breakfast, that's available too. Tea-time is great if you have time. And of course the location is great, you're a 3-minute walk to Victoria Station or Buckingham Palace, take your pick.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 1 2009 	Lovely historic London hotel in terrific location	We wanted a convenient London location and we got it. The Rubens is very close to Victoria tube, train and coach stations and is located directly across from the Mews (the stables) of Buckingham Palace. Our room was small by US standards but very adequate. The bed was comfortable, the pillows were soft, the bathroom was good and had a great shower. The A/C worked very well and the staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed a wonderful tea in the hotel restaurant that truly put us in an English mode. Still and sparkling water were provided as well as tea and coffee service.	
Aug 27 2009 	Outstanding	We stayed with our two teenage children in two rooms. I can't say enough about how wonderful the staff was. I arranged for show tickets for two shows in advance via e-mail with the Concierge. Great seats were waiting for me when I arrived. I also arranged for a taxi to pick us up at Heathrow when we landed through the same Concierge. The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful. The rooms were comfortable though not very large. Of course most rooms in London and Europe are not very large. The location was excellent. Across the street from Buckingham palace and walking distance to many other attractions. Victoria Station is just a few hundred yards from the hotel which was very convenient for the Tube. The only change I would make if going back would be to not get breakfast as part of my package. I pre-paid for breakfast but there were enough places nearby to grab a croisant and a cup of coffee. Unless you REALLY like to eat a big english breakfast, I would consider checking it out first before eating there each morning of your stay. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	This was our first visit to London (definitely won't be our last though) and staying at The Rubens was &quot;the icing on the cake&quot;. I'm sure most people can appreciate how difficult it can be to select a hotel in a city that you've never visited before. I looked into several different hotels, read up on them on Trip Advisor, etc. and finally settled on The Rubens (after a few e-mails back and forth between myself and the hotel staff who patiently answered all of my questions).We thoroughy enjoyed every aspect of our stay. The staff are fabulous - I can't say enough how well looked after we felt. We've never experienced more attentive and sincere service and the food was top notch as well.We can't wait to go back!	
Aug 22 2009 	Nice but it lacked something	I stayed at the Nottingham suite at the Rubens for three nights with husband and ten yrs old. Although I agree about the great location (near Victoria station and my favourite London park, St. james') , I found the hotel &quot;old world&quot; style done rather cheaply (why do they have to stick plastic prints of nobility heraldry on the bedstand and in the bathroom?) . Was very favourably impressed with the bathroom, huge with floor heating and nice touches of Asian decor, and good toiletries. Nice touches include newspaper in the morning and canapes in the evening. Good breakfast (you can choose between continental and full English) although a strange smell of pork seemed to reside in some parts of the breakfast room. Concierge quite nice. The addition if 20GBP per night per guaranteed Palace view seems quite exagerated. All in all, I have the feeling that, although it is a nice hotel, I could have had better value for money and a better stay somewhere else.	
Aug 21 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	Its already been said by others but worth repeating after my husband, son and I stayed at the Rubens At the Palace this month. We had two rooms, both clean and quite lovely. The charm of the staff from the moment you walked in the door, the great service, quiet rooms and very helpful staff are worth coming back for. We will definitely stay here again if we visit London, and by the way you can't get a better location!	
Aug 20 2009 	It deserves its high ranking.	My wife and I stayed four nights at Rubens Aug.11 through the 15th. We got a good deal; on-line; four nights for the price of three. Yeah, the floors are a little creaky, it had a somewhat dated feel and there was a very slight mildew smell in the hallways. However, this place had the BEST customer service of any hotel I’ve ever stayed, including Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons. Combine that with the clean rooms, recently renovated bathrooms, outstanding location and this hotel can’t be beat.If/when we go back to London we’ll definitely stay at the Rubens again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Stay	As reviewed, we found exactly what we expected...British charm, good service, good food, helpful staff. We will stay here again if we visit London, and we loved the location.	
Aug 18 2009 	Outstanding in every way especially the staff	My wife and I stayed at The Rubens during our first visit to London. To start with, I contacted the hotel by email several weeks before our visit requesting an early check-in and a room with a view of Buckingham Palace. When we arrived about noon, the front desk clerk said the room would be ready in about an hour, and when we came back it was. We also got a room with a view of the Palace. Our room was decorated nicely, and had an abundance of amenities. It was very clean and quiet. The air conditioning worked very well which was well appreciated since the temperature was in the 70's during our stay,The full English breakfast was a real treat. The quality and variety of food was outstanding. The location is ideal-across the street from Buckingham Palace and several blocks away from Victoria Underground Station. But the best part about our stay at The Rubens was the staff. They were the friendliest, most courteous and most helpful hotel staff we have ever encountered. When I had difficulty contacting the transfer service for our pickup to the airport, I called the front desk to make sure I was dialing the number correctly. The staffperson told me the numbers that I needed to dial. She then called back several minutes later to see if I had been successful. I still was unable to contact the transfer service, and so she contacted them for me and arranged for our pickup time. The next day I needed to change the time and again had trouble contacting the service. I went to the front desk and the desk clerk kept calling the service until she got through. She gave me the front desk phone and kept checking to make sure I was being taken care of. There is nothing negative that I could say about this hotel and our experience there. I will stay there again should we return to London and recommend this hotel to family and friends as well.	
Aug 18 2009 	good but not great	I booked this hotel based on the availibility of family rooms and trip advisor reviews. I had many contacts with the hotel prior to our ttrip. Upon arrival, we were given our rooms quickly (we arrived by noon) - 2 rooms for the price of one based on the family package. Unfortunately, the rooms were in the rear of the hotel, overlooking a construction site, air conditioning units, and the garbage dumpsters. We complained, but were only moved to a lower floor in the same position. Resolution was not appropriate but we had no recourse, they stated that the hotel was &quot;full.&quot; Going foward, the beds were delightful, bathrooms quite adequate (once you figured out how to flush), and all service requests were met with a friendly smile. Unfortunately, each day the room was serviced, it was quite inconsistent. One day no towels, one day no dirty tea service removed, one day no newspaper, etc...you can see what I mean. If there was consistency, this hotel would be almost perfect...they should chec to see which photos are posted on their website associated with room type...a bit misleading on the family pacage page.Breakfast was expensive and quite odd - eggs deep fried in oil - so we chose to dine out in one of the local cafes...much more affordable.Location to Victoria Station was great..and the daily trip ticket with unlimited on/off's was a great thing.We had a lovely vacation, just wish we hadn't had the bumps along the way.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good 4 star hotel in excellent location	I spent 3 nights at this hotel that I chose due to its excellent location, value and good reviews. LOCATION: is 5 minutes walk from Victoria Station and next to Buckingham Palace, so very central and with good communication with the rest of the city and airports or even to a half-day trip to Canterbury.ROOM: I chose a single room that costed 140 euros/night including breakfast. Is expensive and small, but being clean, elegant and comfy is not a bad price for London in this central location. Bathroom is big, just be careful with the bath which is a bit high and you can fall to the floor. Walls are thin enough to be able to listen what your neighbours are telling, fortunately, I could rest well at night.BREAKFAST: big selection of warm and cold food, fresh juices, some fruit, cakes. The breakfast room looks elegant and the service is kind and efficient.INTERNET: they have free wi-fi. It did not worked well with my cell phone as their internet provider asked to hava Java installed (they should fix this). It should not be an issue having a laptop. There is only one PC available in first floor, which is too few for a hotel of this size.Overall, an elegant hotel at a reasonable price in an excellent location. I would come back again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Just amazing	We stayed at Rubens on 8th August 2009 and it was excellent as on previous occasions. Hotel was exceptional, food excellent and staff extremely helpful. Rather nice shopping complex short walk at rear of Hotel with M &amp; S and cafe/bars etc.	
Aug 14 2009 	The perfect setting for a memorable weekend!	All I can say is this hotel has to be the best hotel I've stayed in.The staff were excellent, the food in the Old Masters was exquisite (both the pre-theatre dinner and breakfast!)Everyone knew about my mum's birthday when we pre-arranged surprises and when a room wasn't quite ready, within 15 minutes we were in there, together with the items I'd asked for.It was a great hotel, and made the perfect back-drop for my proposal to my fiance, who said yes (in room 220). We stayed in room 215 and found it to be amazingly plush and comfortable and the perfect place to stay for the night in London.The location of the hotel is perfect for Billy Elliott and Wicked (which I'd recommend).Overall, and amazing experience, and perfect for romantic breaks, family trips and the perfect location for the royally regal experience!	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice amenities - great for families	My family and I just returned from a stay at the Rubens and greatly enjoyed it. This was my 13th trip to London and I think I've finally found a good hotel that offers comfortable accomodations for a fair price. We booked a triple room and found the bedroom to be a bit tight but that has always been my experience in London (and throughout Europe, for that matter). My request for a room with a view was not honored although this may have been due to the limited number of triple rooms available. I booked a package which included breakfast every morning and one dinner in the carvery on an evening of our choice. The breakfast was outstanding and the dinner was good, too. All staff members I encountered were pleasant. I particularly appreciated the attentive and friendly service provided by the woman in the gift shop and the young woman from Hungary in the Library restaurant. The hotel is well located and convenient to public transportation. I would definitely return.	
Aug 11 2009 	Wonderful ... as always!!	We stayed in July 2009. This is the most recent of many visits over the last five or so years. On our first trip to London we had selected The Rubens as our hotel; we have stayed there on every visit since and will stay there when we travel to London in the future. We can confirm the positive reviews; the superlative service is consistent throughout all our experience with The Rubens.The comfort and ease of the stay; the relaxing atmosphere and sophistication of a by gone era not to be experienced elsewhere. There is simple pleasure in returning from the theatre late into the evening and sitting in the lounge for a snack and nightcap before heading up to the room. Dinner in the Library is pure elegance at its best.The Rubens is not just one thing or another, the room, the service, the atmosphere but an entire collective of experience which combines to satisfy and please. The is an anticipation and excitement as the canopy and facade come into view. We simply just like to be there.	
Aug 10 2009 	Not to sure about what was wrong	Stayed here from 4th of August 'til the 9th. Well, the hotel is nice, the restaurant is ok, although the breakfast is nor included in the price and i really don't understand why they offer continental and enghlish breakfast. The only thing that bothered me was the cleaniness of the room and bathroom. Although both looked clean, the sensation given was one of, well, let's say, unclean.The location is very good, the staff marvellous, but i don't think i will stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Ok - but only ok	I stayed here with my husband, daughter and mother for one night. My daughter and mothers room was nice - twin beds and recently refurbished. Our room was a king size and was quite spacious by London standards. The hotel overall just seemed a bit tired. I cant put my finger on it, but there was none of the atmosphere of their sister hotels, and none of the personal touches either (you have to request a turndown by phoning housekeeping, and breakfast is a Holiday Inn style buffet).In the morning at 0745 am my mother was telephoned by the front desk requesting that she keep the noise down! Considering she was in bed at the time and my daughter in the shower, it seemed very strange that they should tell her the room down below had complained about the noise? The only thing she could think of was that the shower was making an incredible banging noise and it might be that? It seems a shame on the red carnation brand that they blame guests for making the noise and not the dodgy plumbing and creaky floorboards (if thats your bugbear - dont stay here - as every floorboard in the hotel creaked) and I must admit, did put a slightly disappointing edge onto our stay. We were returning back to the hotel and subsenquently cancelled when we returned home. Overall, it is an ok hotel, but if you are expecting the same high standards and personal service expected of the red carnation brand, then I would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent staff and comfortable surroundings	After staying at the sister property last year , the Hotel 41 we elected to stay at the Rubens for this visit. We were pleased with how quiet the Queen's Suite was and with the incentive of one free night for staying three or more nights. The hotel is simply comforable and the staff friendly, efficient and effective in meeting your needs. The owner's new lounge, The Leopard Bar efficently managed by Said Mahri is truley a special place to enjoy a glass of champagne, wiskey or that special chilled vodka.	
Aug 4 2009	Wonderful Afternoon Tea!!!	We visited the hotel for afternoon tea and it was absolutely wonderful - the staff we extremely pleasent and there was a lovely atmosphere. we highly recommend.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great service and location	We stayed for one night after reading reviews on Trip advisor. We arrived early and we waited in the well appointed bar for our room to ready. The reception was excellent and they upgraded us to a larger room with a bathroom that had a TV inside.The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The location is excellent and only a short walk to Victoria.The decor is a little dated but it is clean and welcoming.	
Aug 3 2009 	great service and price	The only negative is room size which is a problem everywhere in London so I don't count that against them. Location is great and price is under valued. The best part was the staff, especially the doorman, Nathan. My fiance went out one morning at 7:30 to pick up a rental car from a place just down the street that was supposed to open at 8:00am. At 9:45 he was not back and I was getting worried. I was just about to go down stairs and ask the concierge to give me walking directions or call Hertz when the phone rang. It was Nathan calling to tell me that he remembered seeing my fiancee leave and it had been a while and he was concerned. For him to take the initiative to remember who leaves at what time and for what purpose in order to keep track of the well-being of all customers was astonishing. The man takes his job seriously and does it well! I was pretty upset by this point so Nathan called the Hertz to try and get some info. There was no answer and I'm starting to think my fiance is in a hospital. Nathan calmed me down by hypothesizing that the Hertz opened late, because they've been known to do that in the past. Turns out my fiance was in a small accident, but was fine. Regardless, Nathan kept me calm and did everything in his power to get me answers. Also, we were going to have the rental valeted for 20 euro, but Nathan gave us a free parking tip.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent - one of our best experiences in London ever!	Good location, warm welcome, efficient and pleasant concierge and reception staff - a very good start! We were given a recently refurbished and very comfortable room with all necessary amenities, larger than many we've had before in London. Excellent food in both restaurants served by professional and friendly staff - we were delighted to find a genuine English &quot;carvery&quot;, relatively hard to find in London these days! Convenient location within short walking distance from Victoria station, and just a couple of minutes from Buckingham Palace. All in all an excellent place to stay and we would thoroughly recommend it. Bergquists, Sweden	
Aug 3 2009	Excellent place to stay.	I stayed in this hotel with my mum for the weekend. The hotel is lovely and the staff are very helpful. The food and service was excellent. I would recommend this hotel and will be staying again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great hotel in London - superb location service and rooms. Stay here!!	My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel in July 2009. We chose the hotel based on tripadvisor reviews (as we always do!!). We were glad we did. The hotel is amazing. Located right next to Buckingham Palace just up from Victoria Station - it is walking distance to all major tourist attractions in London. The room was clean, non smoking and large enough for us. The staff went out of their way to be helpful at all times from an early check in to recomending places to eat. Nothing was too much trouble. The front desk, breakfast service staff and concierge were superb. Great great customer service!!!The breakfast provided was great - large variety to choose from and the staff were so attentive.The day we left, Dave the concierge was so helpful in arranging transport to the airport - he was great!!Rubens is exactly how a hotel should be!!!!!!!Staying at this hotel made our stay in London so much better and memorable. Everytime we come to London we will stay at the Rubens and recommend it to all our friends - it really is that good!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Hotel in a Wonderful Location	I stayed here with my lady friend for Valentines Day 2009. We booked their Valentines package, which was one of the few hotels that allowed you to book just one night rather than two, which was a big factor in us booking. We received a free upgrade to the Henry VII suite, which was spacious and very comfortable. The package itself was good value with a meal included next door and lots of little extras. The service was excellent, with everyone making you feel welcome. I had no complaints, and would recommend it for a romantic weekend. If you are coming to London as a tourist this would be a good place to stay as it is well connected for transport and is near Buckingham palace and many of the attractions.	
Jul 29 2009 	Dream hotel for our dream trip	Not only was this hotel impeccably clean and stylish, the beds were unbelievably comfortable. Crisp white sheets, down pillows and duvet made this bed feel like a cloud after walking around the city for 12 hours. I don't think we moved all night. The rooms were very well appointed but on the small side typical of the area. The concierge made us feel like we were the only visitors at the hotel; tremendously helpful and courteous. The restaurants in the hotel were unbelievable. First class treatment included a warm and cheerful greeting followed by white glove service. The food was also first class, amazing. The full English breakfast was a daily treat that was substantial enough to carry us through until dinner. My suggestion is to take advantage of the wonderful restaurants and service available right at your fingertips. We would definitely stay there again. Our trip was to celebrate our 40th anniversary and our 60th birthdays both occuring this year. The Rubens at the Palace helped make our dream trip a dream come true.	
Jul 28 2009 	A Super Hotel For the Price in London	Stayed for 2 nights, service and rooms were wonderful. Rooms are odd shaped, and a bit on the English size (small) but very well decorated. The front desk and the concierge went out of their way to assist us in every request. Good place for a splurge, end of trip relaxation spot.	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent choice hotel	My husband and I (gay couple) just returned from 6 days at this great hotel. The location is very convenient, less than a five minute walk from either Victoria Station or Buckingham Palace. We arrived around 12:00 pm and got into our room without difficulty. Staff were consistently attentive, friendly and helpful. The room was extremely comfortable though we paid a bit more for a bigger room, which I'd recommend. Spectacular breakfast spread is included. We thought the hotel was very elegant. Even with its central location, it was very quiet, and we had no trouble sleeping. We felt very comfortable also as a gay couple. Not a hint of homophobia from any staff person. I'd recommend this without any hesitation, and I'd definitely return there.	
Jul 22 2009 	SUPERB STAY	Great Hotel, Great Location, wonderful attentive staff throughout hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	good location pleasant staff	The location is good for all major attractions most of which are walkable.Breakfast was great and had a lot of choice. The room was well equiped and the airconditionng very efficient	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Position	I can recommend this hotel to anyone. It is ideally positioned opposite the Mews at Buckingham Palace and I spent a pleasant morning drinking coffee and reading the newspapers watching all the comings and goings from the Mews. The staff especially in the bar and restaurant were very very friendly. They had an excellent offer on for lunch. The bedroom was fairly small and a bit old fashioned but no more than any other London hotel but it was all lovely and clean. It would be doubtful that my next visit to London that I would stay in any other hotel than the Rubens.	
Jul 20 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Was treated to a stay at this hotel by my partner as a birthday present - the 1 night stay came as a package with 2 tickets for the musical Wicked which is on just around the corner. If you want to stay near to Victoria, or close to Buckingham Palace then really this is the Hotel for you - it's location is perfect. The Hotel is great, and we can only echo previous comments about the people who work there - they are all charming &amp; couldn't be more helpful if they tried. It is true that you probably can't get to your room until 2pm, but you can always leave your bags at the concierge desk and go for a little walk as they are safely stored for when you come back. Even though we were only staying for 1 night we were upgraded to one of the &quot;Royal Rooms&quot; which are tastefully decorated in the theme of the particular &quot;Royals&quot; name - nice touch for tourists. Wouldn't particularly say that the rooms are overly spacious, but that would be a really minor point - the bed, bathroom etc were great and the room came with Satellite TV &amp; DVD player. There is certainly enough choice at breakfast for even the fussiest eaters, with a chef on hand to produce poached/fried eggs, omelettes etc to order. We came back after seeing the musical on Saturday night - thoroughly recommend seeing the show if you get a chance - to find that the hotel had a American pianist playing in the bar. He's a great guy, will play requests and loves to interract with anyone enjoying a nice quiet drink - think he's there every night apart from Sunday - it made a lovely end to a perfect day.Can't praise this hotel highly enough.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Service	I stayed at the hotel as part of our trip down to Buckingham Palace to receive my Queens Award for Enterprise Promotion and for the Royal Garden Party. I did not know what to expect as the hotel was recomended by a friend. We had a wonderful stay and though it was a little pricey we so much enjoyed it that we did not notice as the service we got and the kindness of the staff was the best I have enjoyed in 30 years of staying at hotels and its certainly worth paying that little extra for a great time - we felt at home at all times	
Jul 16 2009 	very very comfortable	after staying at another &quot;4 star&quot; facility which disappointed, Rubens was all class. Very nice bathrooms, super comfortable beds, engaging staff who Wanted to help. The trip reviews ratings do not give this place enough credit. the restaurant was traditional but posh.	
Jul 15 2009 	Friendliest Staff in Europe	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights at the Rubens in June, 2009 as part of our 1-year anniversary trip around Europe. Overall, we were completely satisfied with the Hotel, especially the friendly, courteous and outgoing staff. I'll start with the Cons:-We arrived around noon after a long day of traveling and couldn't get a room until 3, which seemed to be standard for just about everyone checking in. Though we were tired and a little cranky, this wasn't really a problem.-The bed in our room (#402) wasn't very comfortable - kind of lumpy - but after walking the city all day, it didn't keep us from sleeping one bit. And the floor was kind of creaky - didn't really bother us much, and I hope it didn't bother the people under us.Thats really about it for Cons.Pros:-Air Conditioning - we were there during the 2009 heat wave and the AC was a lifesaver!-Friendly Staff - by far the friendliest hotel staff we found anywhere in our 2 weeks all over Europe. From the desk staff to the concierge to the waiters and waitresses at the restaurant, all smiles all the time and no request was too big or small. The Maitre D at the Old Masters restaurant was incredibly helpful and really made our evening by arranging for an absoultely outstanding dessert one night. One of the desk staff even took us on a tour of the luxury suites on the top floor - we'll definitely remember this for next time as they're outstanding. Concierge could get tickets for or arrange anything you'd like - and very, very friendly as well!-Location - excellent - across the street from the Mews, 2 blocks from Buckingham Palace, and within walking distance to anything you want in London (Westminster, South Bank, Picadlly, Harrods, etc), with easy bus and train connections at Victoria (2 blocks)-Afternoon Tea was absolutely phenomenal! Great scones &amp; clotted cream!I would recommend Rubens to anyone looking to stay in London - especially if its your first time. Mayfair is nice, but can be a bit of a hike to the tourist attractions. We'll stay here next time.	
Jul 15 2009 	Lovely hotel-excellent location	My husband, 15 yr old son and I stayed at Rubens June 26-28,2009. We flew in to Gatwick and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station which is about 2 short blocks to Rubens. ( Just look for the signs pointing you to Buckingham Palace). I definitely recommend taking the Gatwick Express. It is very convenient, reasonable and takes 30 minutes verses an expensive cab that could take 2 hours to get there. The hotel was beautiful. The staff was personable and excellent. There is no better location.(Truly around the corner to see the changing of the guard!) We did not take a single cab ride the entire time. Convenient to the tube and many attractions. I had read previous reviews that said the hotel would let you check in early if you emailed your arrival info. I did this, however, our room was not ready until 2pm. But in fairness to the hotel, this was during the first week of Wimbeldon and the hotel was completely booked. I would definitely stay here again. It is pricey- (heck- everything is in England) but I think it is worth it to pay for a good location and a quality hotel. You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 14 2009 	Our Life Saver Everyone is Soooo Sweet!!	My sister mom and I arrived here in this part of London after we had a spare of the moment trip overhere (We where actually vacationing in Paris and since my plane left from London we figured we would head out early and check it out). This was our first time in London and had no clue where we where going as soon as we got into a bus from the airport and headed towards Victoria. The bus had random stops and we had no reservations or anything so we just figured we would get out where it looked nice. Ended up a block away from this Hotel and before going to this one we went to others and they where completely booked. As soon as we arrived to this hotel they immediately accomatated us and all in all everyone working there was awesome! We where told that we could only stay one night, but the day after my mom spoke to the Manager and OMG she was the sweetest lady ever, she let us stay an extra night in a nicer looking room. Although I cant complain because the previous room was beautiful also! The room was a little small, but hey its London right!? After the 2nd night she said they where completely booked and we could not stay the extra 3 days, but she did find us another hotel (the same chain, The Chesterfield in Mayfair) and also gave us the same price for those rooms plus added free continental breakfast for us. As you may know, Mayfair is the most expensive part of London. They have a desk there where this guy can get you tickets to any museum or sightseeing tours you may want to take, the door-man was really nice and whats cool about this place is that you are in the middle of everything, 2 blocks away from the theatre where Wicked is playing (awesome show btw!) also the next street from this hotel is the stop for the red double buses to go sightseeing, very convenient. Very trustworthy ppl also, the manager lady took care of my moms money and important documents that where in our safe while they changed us rooms. No cons about this place, will come again for sure!	
Jul 14 2009 	So Disappointing	We were very excited to spend 5 nights at Rubens. When we first arrived we couldn't have asked for more in the way of location. We went to check in at noon &amp; were told that there were no rooms available until at least 3pm. On our way out other couples were given keys right away, we noticed but went on with our day.We returned at 5pm &amp; were given keys to our deluxe king room. When we entered we weren't thrilled at all. The furniture was dirty, bathroom dirty &amp; our deluxe view was of the inside of the building over the air conditioning system. We called &amp; asked if we could change rooms because this was not what we paid for. After many calls we were told we could move to another room but only for the night &amp; then would have to return to the same room for the rest of the stay, we decided we didn't want to move. The night was spent listening to the air system gin on &amp; off all night. No sleep.The next morning they decided they had another room &amp; they would move our belongings while we were out for the day, we agreed &amp; were happy with the solution.We came back to a room 1/2 the size of the first but accepted it. The air conditioning didn't work &amp; it was during the London heat wave. Three employees came in to confirm the air didn't work. We asked for another room &amp; of course there were none, we were offered a fan at 2am. Of course he fan didn't work so we were offered another room at 3am but as per the night manager we wouldn't be allowed to take out belongings, we could just use the bed &amp; return to the 80 degree room to shower, we were not comfortable with leaving our belongings so at this point we stayed put for another night of no sleep. The next morning we met with a manager explained all that happened &amp; he said the evening manager didn't have the authority to reassign our room!!!!!!!We were told again that we would be moved while we were out...we had no choice so off we went for the day. We picked up our keys &amp; went to our 3rd room. It was fine, small bt clean &amp; had working air condition. 2 nights of no sleep, managers who wouldn't make any arrangements to relieve problems, faulty fans, no overnight maintenance staff, just a series of disappointments.I do realize problems do happen but I also know there is always a way to remedy them.Would never return to this hotel &amp; would alert our family &amp; friends to a horrible stay.Watch your bill, we were also overcharged for several things.	
Jul 13 2009 	Outstanding service convenient location memorable stay!	Three couples stayed here on a three day precruise extension. We arrived after a red eye from the USA and were invited to their breakfast buffet. It was a great way to start off our visit. Many of the items, pastries,etc were made on the premises and there were various stations to please everyone. The buffet was included in our room rate, which we secured through American Airlines. The front desk, and all of the service personnel could not have done more to make our visit more welcome. The rooms were 'kingsize' but that only reflected the size of the bed, not the room size. I knew ahead of time that they would be small by American standards, and they were. However, each room we saw was well furnished and supplied with hot pots and cups for teas. One afternoon, the three ladies in our group enjoyed a wonderful experience at their 'High Tea' with an assortment of, freshly baked treats.I highly recommend this charming British hotel and look forward to our return.	
Jul 10 2009 	Absolute Bliss	We stayed at the Rubens for our honeymoon and was the best hotel I have stayed in.Courteous staff service exellent.Our room was upgraded ready early, The waitress gave us a complimentary drinks while we waited.Internet int he room available on the T.V great for checking out what to do in London,close to tube etc.Food in abundance and very good quality.Will certainly be returning	
Jul 10 2009 	Charming hotel in a great location	The Rubens certainly met our expectations and was a great location from which to base our visit to London. The rooms are beautifully decorated and our room had a window which opened onto the Royal Mews. Yes, the rooms are small by any standard, and the floors a bit creaky but the staff are great, it's clean and comfortable, and the location simply can't be beat (the hop-on/hop-off bus is outside your door - and yes, you really are at Buckingham Palace). Value for money is tops.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Choice in London	We reviewed a lot of hotels in London for our 4-day stay and selected the Rubens due to the TripAdivsor reviews. Great choice. It has a fantastic location. Within walking distance of both Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station, and many other attactions. The proximity to Victoria Station was important. Took the Underground and train everywhere we needed to go. Including the airport.We booked a package deal with them that included their breakfast buffet and a picnic lunch. Took the lunch to Hyde Park. The package also included free internet access.Did not eat dinner at their restaurants so we can not comment on them but their menus looked good.The room was very quiet with no noise from ajoining rooms or the outside. Unfortunately it was not very sound-proof to the hallway, and the people near us stomped back and forth between their party's rooms numerous times.Due to the uncommon heatwave in London the end of June, the room air conditioning kept us comfortable.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Quickly bringing us bottled water and ice upon our return each day.All in all a great choice in London.	
Jul 9 2009 	The Fabulous Rubens 'My home from home'	I have recently returned from my fifth visit to 'The Rubens' and I can honestly say it just gets better every time.There is no need to reside at Buckingham Palace because at The Rubens everyone is treated as royalty with the addition of extreme friendliness and superb professional service.Russunderland.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for a weekend theatre break with my granddaughter. The hotel is opposite Buckingham Palace Mews and is close to Victoria Tube station. The twin room we were allocated was light and clean, the reception staff and the concierge were all very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was excellent and served late on Sunday morning. I would recommend this hotel for a stay in London.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Place	My wife and I stayed her during a trip through out the UK and Europe. Its a great location, friendly staff, and clean. Only complaint it that the rooms are small, but thats the norm for Europe. We would stay here again if we went back. Its the closest place to the Palace and also a short walk to the Tube station. Overall, good place. Dont get the dinner buffet, too expensive!	
Jul 1 2009 	Friendly Hotel	We have just returned from staying at The Rubens at the Palace. We really enjoyed our stay here. The hotel, which is located across the road from the Royal Mews, is also very close to Victoria Station which is convenient if you are transiting to Heathrow. The staff at the hotel were wonderful. As soon as we pulled up at the Hotel, the doorman was friendly, welcoming and efficient- top marks. Every other member of staff was similarly professional. The public rooms and accommodation rooms are a little kitschy for my taste- but clean and in good condition. The location is not so good for accessing London’s main attractions, apart from Buckingham Palace, and not very close to restaurants etc but overall a clean, friendly place to stay in a notoriously expensive city.	
Jun 26 2009 	unremarkable and adequate.. good value good size	I think this hotel is the perfect example of understanding what rating is being assessed on Tripadvisor... it seems to score very well by the patrons... and as such we booked it thinking we might have found a hidden gem in the city for business trips.What I failed to realise, and in retrospect is not obvious, is that ratings are provided in terms of expectations and value.... not everyone has the same expectations or value point. Obvious now.This hotel is pretty good value and the room size for a deluxe room is very good. The decor and state is poor in the older rooms (a bit B&amp;B'ish), while the newly refurbished rooms are better and represent a significant step up - what you would expect from a 4 star (I was in a new room, a colleague in an old room).The issue here is that this might get 5 points all the time, but this does not mean you are getting a bargain of the same ilk as a Ritz Carlton, or a Berkley.. This is a 4 star hotel.... it doesn't have the charm of the Royal Lancaster, the corporate standard of the Hilton, or the clinical approach of a Park-Inn..... but is does offer what it has at 1/2 the price of these other 4 stars.. includes free internet and the staff are helpfull...If you want a big room in London, for £200 a night (which is VERY cheap !... so we are clear) and you are on business... then you can do much much worse... just make sure you get a new room and upgrade.If this is romance and holidays.... ask yourself.. where do you usually stay.... ? If you are used to paying £400 a night.... then you might want to think about the possibility of being disappointed... if you spend £100... you will love it...See, it is all down to expectations....Will I stay again... if I am on business... perhaps.. but I won't be upset it I go elsewhere either... Will I remember it... not a chance... will I recommend it... in the terms of what I have said, yes... Would I take my partner there...... no....... life is about experience, pay your money and keep one.... ! it will keep you warm in your dotage !Last few thoughts about reading around these comments:London is full of fine ‘old’ gems – so don’t get swayed by the fact they are in old buildings.... when you are on the inside – you want see the beauty all the time, but you can hear the pipes If they can’t spill the coments they are putting down, they their is likely to be a expectatun problem... if you get my drift.And finally – everyone from overseas thinks Londoners are cockneys or toffs...	
Jun 26 2009 	Great location	We spent five nights there and had mixed feelings about the hotel. We had been travelling for several weeks, so had large suitcases with us. When we arrived, we had to struggle up the steps with them into the lobby (we are a middle aged couple) as there were no porters to be seen - however during the rest of our stay they were present. The staff at reception were always helpful and polite as were other staff we met.Our room was disappointing. One corner seemed to be &quot;cut off&quot; which made moving around the bed awkward, and it overlooked what appeared to be airconditioning units. There was a step down just past the bathroom door, which could have been dangerous in the night. The room might have been OK for one night (and you expect London rooms to be small) but was not that comfortable to be living out of suitcases for five nights. Breakfast was excellent and so was the location of the hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	An experience of Outstanding old fashioned English hospitality	From the moment our taxi pulled up at the front of Rubens &amp; we were met by the cheeky Cockney Consierge we knew this would be a beaut hotel. The smiles &amp; service through registration put us in a relaxed state. We had requested an 11 a.m. check in &amp; it was no problem. Our room was ready. Refreshingly ready. Nothing was a bother, service with a smile . Great value. We are Aussies &amp; we will be staying there again.Denis &amp; Gayle Roast , Sydney Australia	
Jun 18 2009 	Like a Queen!	We felt like two Queens!! The Real Queen Elisabeth would love it as well!We were treated with care, attention and joy!Lovely stay! Lovely room! Lovely food!We will come back to visit London and as well to stay one more time at Rubens at the Palace!Thank you all!	
Jun 17 2009 	The Rubens Staff Is The Best!	I recently experienced my first trip to London. I chose to stay at The Rubens At The Palace, which is in a perfect location across from The Palace Mews and close to Buckingham Palace, beautiful St. James Park, and the convenient Victoria Underground Station. I could not have been happier with my choice; the Rubens is a wonderful, enviro-friendly, comfortable and classy hotel.The staff was charming and attentive, the concierge personnel were responsive to my every question (Dave, you're a winner!), and meals at the Rubens were innovative with excellent service. The English Breakfast provides a huge selection for all tastes. The king bed in my room was the most comfortable I've ever experienced in my travels. The room was quiet and the amenities (coffee and tea, body lotion and bath products, bottled water, room service) were excellent. For the cost, I was luxuriously happy.I found London to be one of the most amazing, frenetic, melting pot, politically chaotic, fun places in the world. The Rubens will henceforth be my home base in London. In fact, I plan to return in December and can't wait!	
Jun 17 2009 	Overall a great stay	We stayed at the Rubens for our first visit to London, and booked a family package. Overall, we had a great weekend. The room (an executive king) was large and comfortable with the exception of the sofa bed our son had to sleep on (it was horrible; we had to put a duvet under him so he wouldn;t be poked by springs). The staff were very friendly and, for the most part, attentive. The hotel is beautiful, and the breakfast every day was wonderful. Each day the staff packed a lunch for our children, which they loved and was such so convenient for us.In the downsides: our package was supposed to include two things we never received. We were supposed to have a &quot;luxury turn down service&quot; every night, and out of four nights this happened only once. Also, our kids were supposed to get a tour of the hotel and kitchen, and a chance to make their own lunch. However, every day were told that the staff were too busy. It was a bank holiday so I can understand that, but then it shouldn't have been included in a package for that weekend. It was an expensive package, so we were disappointed at the little things that were lacking.	
Jun 12 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful	This hotel was a great find. It is located almost directly across from Buckingham Palace. It was a great location. It is close to the Victoria tube station which was perfect for traveling to other parts of London. The staff at the hotel was very helpful...especially the conceriege staff. They were wonderful. They were always happy to give us directions, order tickets and give advice. I can't say enough about them. The rooms in this hotel are a good size. They are nicely decorated and had comfortable beds. The price for rooms here is a steal for what you get and compared to other hotels in the area. The next time I am in London I will most definitely stay here.	
Jun 9 2009 	Just okay...can accomodate disabled travelers	My husband and I spent our first trip to London and 10th wedding anniversary at Rubens at the Palace. My husband is disabled and can not walk. We found the accommodations adequate, but not ideal. The bathroom was very roomy and had a roll in shower. The drainage was not good and by the end of the shower, I was up to my ankles in water. We informed the staff and they worked to solve the issue twice, but to no avail. The room was small and dark and had no view. My husband was only able to access one side of the bed. We had a king size bed which was actually two twin beds pushed together. It was clean and comfortable.Location was ideal. We did a lot of walking and many of the places we visited were within walking distance. Victoria Station is only a few of blocks away and part of Buckingham Palace is right across the street. The staff was very friendly, especially Dave. He suggested a wonderful Italian restaurant that was only a block from the hotel. We liked it so much that we ate there two nights in a row! Thanks, Dave! Hats off to Nathan who was equally as nice and friendly. I hope he makes it to California which is his dream.	
Jun 5 2009 	Absolutely Pleasant.	I have stayed in other hotels in London. For some reason I opted to stay near Buckingham Palace. This hotel is across from the Palace Mews. Every employee from top to bottom were friendly, codrial and helpful. I will stay there again if I visit London again. A great location, great food and service. The visit was actually planned around attending the Chelsea Flower Show. This hotel was the a great place to get around town and the Flower Show.	
Jun 5 2009 	Very Nice Experience at the Rubens	I stayed at the Rubens for two weeks on business in January (sorry for the tardiness of my review). At the time, I worked for a company affiliated with the Red Carnation Hotel chain that owns the Rubens; therefore, my room was comped. So, I won't comment too much on the value.What I LIKED:LOCATION: This was a very good location in London. A five minute walk to Victoria Station allows quick access to the Central, District and Victoria Underground lines. Also, the Gatwick Express comes directly into Victoria, allowing travellers to get to their hotel in short order. The Rubens is also close to Buckingham Palace and about a 15 minute walk to Big Ben and Parliament. Overall, this hotel allows quick access to all of London's best attractions, either by foot or by tube.ROOM SIZE: My room was a very nice size, very similar to many American hotels (as those who visit Europe know, rooms can be quite small). I had a great king sized bed and there was a very nice desk area. The wardrobe was somewhat small (and it is a wardrobe rather than a closet) and if I had been traveling with someone else it would have been a bit tight.BREAKFAST: The breakfast was well done. Great service by all of the staff and a very wide selection of foods. What COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER:&quot;VIEW&quot;: Keep in mind my room was comped...I had a tenement view. I was on the first floor (one above the ground floor, unlike the US) and I was facing another part of the building. There as also some sort of scaffolding just outside my window. This didn't turn out to be a huge issue as when I was in London it was dark at around 4pm, so I didn't expect to see much anyway.HEAT: Here, keep in mind I'm from California...I have never understood why the buildings in Britain are often kept so hot in the winter. As I am from California, we don't really have winter per se, so there must be something I don't get. But there were times I had to turn on the air conditioning in my room just so I didn't burn up. This is not a Rubens issue, its the whole of the country. I guess I'd understand better if I was in a place with a cold winter.INTERNET: The internet access at the Rubens is astronomically priced. It was about 15 pounds for 24 hours of high speed internet (That was about $22 with a FAVORABLE exchange rate). Unlike other European hotels I've stayed at, there wasn't even a free access computer available to hotel guests--that too had a cost. For a tourist, this won't be a big issue, but if you're travelling here for business you will want to be aware of that cost.Overall, this is a quite nice hotel and totally recommendable. It was very close to my office while I was in London and to the train station for when I had to venture out to some of our other offices. The service was pleasant as well.	
Jun 5 2009 	Such friendly staff - makes such a difference	It was such a pleasure to stay here - no wonder it's number 26 out of 1,150 hotels in London. I guess that's mainly down to it's staff. And for me, that's what counts.	
Jun 2 2009 	Charming hotel in lovely and convenient location with great staff	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Rubens. The location is nice and quaint, across from the Buckingham Palace Mews. Bustling during the day, and calm at night. Close to the underground and train station, which can take you anywhere in London. The stops for the Hop-on/Hop-Off (Big Bus, Original London Tour buses) are just down the street.The room is a bit small, the furnishing a bit tired and dated, but the bed is very comfortable. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Continental buffet breakfast is good--coffee, tea of your choice, and a selection of cold meats, cheeses, fruits, yogurts, pastries, cereals, juices, toast. In addition to the continental items, you can enjoy hot items and can order off the menu for the English breakfast (omelet your way). We ate here every day for breakfast, as it was part of the package. We also enjoyed a Traditional Afternoon tea here. The sandwiches (cumber, chicken salad, smoked salmon, and ham &amp; brie) were a delight. The scones and desserts were also very lovely. We look forward to staying here again.	
May 28 2009 	Amazing staff - Great Hotel!	Besides being in a wonderful location in London, right across from the Buckingham Palace Mews, the staff at the Rubens is amazing. During my stay, everyone smiled when ever I asked for assistance and immediately did everything they could to help me. Not having been to London for over 30 years, I needed lots of help learning how to use the buses and underground system of travel and was constantly asking questions. I couldn't have asked for friendlier service and this continued the entire four days I was there. Equally as good as the service were the wonderful breakfasts provided each morning...also with a smile. Honestly, I skipped lunch daily because my delicious, huge breakfasts lasted most of the day. Almost everything you can possibly think of for breakfast was offered and all you had to do was help yourself to all you wanted. I prefer stong tea and they always made sure my tea pot included two tea bags, just as I like it. Also, tea makings were provided in my room and refreshed daily...very nice. Although my room wasn't huge it was well appointed and attractive with very comfortable beds. The bathroom was sparkling clean and every thing worked as expected...not always the case I have found when traveling, even in the nicest hotels. I can recommend the Rubens at the Palace with no reservations and... a smile.	
May 28 2009 	Just up the Road from the Queen's Place	The location of the Rubens at the Palace Hotel is excellent and gives easy walking access to many of the city's top attractions - the Palace and the beautiful nearby parklands, several of the West End theatres, and, along the Mall, Trafalgar Square, Regent and Oxford streets and associated attractions such as the National Gallery.We booked the hotel because we had tickets to Billy Elliott at the (very nearby) Victoria Palace Theatre. Between the hotel and the theatre there are some great little eating spots (eg Bella Italia and Tiles) and a top wine bar just 200 m along Buckingham Palace Road.Tripasdvisor reviewers had suggested that a 'front view' room should be requested -the view is over the Royal Mews directly opposite. We did that, and were delighted to not only get a room with a view of the Mews but also an upgrade to a suite - very pleasant and spacious. But at the price of London hotels these days (we paid GBP205 pn) ALL of the rooms should have views and be spacious!! Rooms with rear outlooks would be pretty dull!Our package came with a so-called'Cream Tea' special attached. A complete waste!!The hotel is well known for its quite sumptuous-looking full afternoon tea, and apparently Londoners regard it as a special treat. The 'cream tea' that we receved was two lousy scones with a bit of jam and clotted cream with service that bordered on the embarassing. We noted several people leave after waiting for service for a ridiculous length of time. So don't get excited if 'cream tea' is part of your package.On the other hand, breakfast was very special. Service was great and the food on offer was both extensive and of very high quality. Perhaps the best breakfast table we have seen and enjoyed in quite extensive travelling.With the exception of the debacle in the afternoon tea room, staff were of high quality. We noted one of the recent reviewers applauding the concierge, Dave, an affable and likeable Cockney. But be careful of friendly Dave's 'recommendations' and 'special prices' - we think they probably were 'special' for Dave and not necessarily for the guests. As an example, we had found, on the Internet, a private passenger transfer service from Heathrow to the hotel - pre-booked cost from LHR to the Rubens was GBP34 (a lot better than taking the Heathrow express to Paddington for GBP33 for two and then having to get a taxi).For the return journey we thought that Dave might be able to do better.&quot;Of course&quot; he said.&quot;The 'regular' cost of a Taxi to LHR is GBP65, but I'll get you one for the special price of GBP55&quot;When we told him that we could get a private transfer back for GBP33 (with ExclusiveAirports) Dave suddenly became quite disinterested in us - and certainly wasn't at all interested in putting this company on his &quot;list&quot;!! The above company is worth noting down!Overall, Rubens is a very good 4+ star hotel which, if you can access one of their deals and get the price down a little, is highly recommended.	
May 14 2009 	One of the Best Hotels I ever been	A great hotel, with very friendly and helpful staff!!The hotel is well located, near Victoria Station (train, bus, underground).The room was small, but very clean, very lovely, a nice decoration and the bed was very comfortable.The full English breakfast was very, very good. Five stars in quality and variety. And we could ask anything, they would bring us...Everyone was very nice, in the reception, in the restaurant, the concierge,...Every morning we had a bag in our door with a newspaper, and a sticker with the weather forecast for that day.I´ve been travelling a lot my all life, and got to know lots of hotels, and this one I will definitely recomend!!! It is a great choice (good food, good staff and good location).	
May 14 2009 	A great way to celebrate a 21st B'day.	Our daughter has been living in London off and on over the past year and we decided to travel to the UK from Australia to celebrate her 21st birthday. We wanted to surprise her with something specialand on the way to Buckingham Palace, we past this hotel. Our immediate thought was, 'what a lovely place to have an afternoon tea for her birthday'.The friendly greeting and enthusiasm shown to us as we were told about the exciting new menu, resulted in us making a booking . We didn't tell our daughter where we were going and made a bit of a mystery as to where we would end up.On the day, we were greeted by the same staff member and made to feel so very welcome. We chose the Champagne, chocolate fondue with fresh strawberries and had the most fabulous afternoon. Excellent service, superb food and a very fine champagne.Our daughter had the most wonderful day and we were so very pleased with Rubens and the way they treated us. Such a special day for us and so far away from family, but we had a truly memorable day. Thank you so much and we will be back.	
May 9 2009 	A great stay at Rubens	We stayed at the Rubens for the last leg of a long vacation and absolutely loved the hotel. Of course, there are a few negatives like the views from the rooms, but I think the main idea of a hotel room is to sleep, clean up, and get out and about in the city. If you want a view, sleep on the London Eye. The service at the hotel is absolutely top notch and we never had cause to complain. The food is terrific and the atmosphere in the dining rooms and the lounges is elegant and tasteful. As for the location of the hotel, it just can't be beat. Buckingham Palace is 2 blocks away as is Victoria Station, and every type of transportation is convenient and close. The room was on the small side (by American standards), but very nicely decorated and kept in very good condition. We noticed the floors in the halls were a bit creaky, but considering the age of the building it only adds to the character. We would definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	Excellent experience all-around	My wife and I stayed 10 nights and couldn't be happier with the experience. Top marks go to the friendly and helpful staff who go out of the way to help you make the most of your visit to London. Dave of the concierge staff is a standout for an ever ready smile (we quite missed his warm greetings on his days off!). The ticket connections are excellent, securing great seats on short notice with a markup not out-of-line with typical TicketMaster fees, but delivered with human warmth. The restaurant staff were also great and the food selection excellent, the full breakfast allowing us to extend into early afternoon before needing to break for lunch.The location is quite convenient, just five minutes to the Victoria Underground and bus stops and a block further to the train station. Quite easy to walk to Parliament, Trafalger, and many of the sights of central London while the Tube makes most other sites easily reached.The beds were quite comfortable allowing a restful nights sleep. It was especially nice to be able to open the window to get fresh air into the room and then shut the inner and outer panes to block almost all traffic noise.The only negative is the excessive charges for WiFi and cable internet with plans that expire based on elapsed time and not just time online. I didn't need to be on the internet very much, but it was not practicable to avoid checking in with work every few days.While I would agree the hotel goes out of the way to make it an experience of a home-away-from-home, it still has a uniquely British character so you leave knowing you have visited someplace special.	
May 6 2009 	Excellent stay at the Rubens Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights in August 2009. The location was excellent - right across from Buckingham Palace and about a 15-minute walk down beautiful streets to Parliament and other sights. The hotel was very good - excellent rooms, air conditioning, and helpful staff members.	
May 4 2009 	Rubens palace-thoroughly enjoyable	My husband and I found this hotel through trip advisor in a pinch. It was WONDERFUL!! Beyond our expectations and we were treated so well by the staff. I had previously stayed at the overpriced, obnoxious, ill-situated Hilton PAddington. This was a welcome relief- ccozy, charming, accomodating.	
May 4 2009 	Wonderful Experience at the Rubens	My partner and I stayed 6 nights at the Rubens at the end of April and had a wonderful experience at the hotel. Everyone on the staff from phone reservations, check in, wait staff was so professional and accommodating - among the best I've encountered at any price. This was my first trip to London and I wanted to experience a British atmosphere and not a typical, chain type hotel. I was not disappointed as all common areas and rooms looked great and were very clean and comfortable. The location was great - we walked everywhere we wanted to go except for the Tower of London where we needed the water taxi. The breakfest was large enough that we didn't need lunch and the quality and variety of food was excellent as was the service and atmosphere in the dining room. We missed having a gym but did enough walking to make up for it. I would recommend the Rubens to anyone.	
May 3 2009 	fantastic hotel	i stayed here for 1 night with my 7 year old sonthe staff were brilliant in the whole hotel, couldnt do enough for you. they were also great with my son.we had a twin room on the 4th floor. we had a great view of the royal mews from our room. the beds were really comfy, there was everything in the room that you could need. the bathroom was well laid out and a good size. i would definately stay here again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Creaky but lovable plus tremendous service.	The Rubens is a treat. It's definitely old-school London lodging; the carpet's a touch threadbare, the floorboards in the hallways and stairwell creak slightly, and the room layouts are capricious and left to whimsy of a dense, trapezoidal block siting of the building itself. Plus, the main elevator from the lobby is the closest thing I've seen to a pneumatic mailtube for humans; it's that tiny. But the pluses firmly outweigh these distractions:- Wonderful staff. They're incredibly gracious and helpful. Restaurant recommendations, directions to nearby attractions, and suggestions on public transportation to the city's attractions are easy to come by.- Great location. Across from Buckingham Palace, just down the street from Victoria Station. All of London is just a few tube stops away.- Renovated bathrooms. The rooms themselves are fairly traditional and not super-special, at least at the standard rate level. But my room had a recently renovated bathroom with halogen spot lighting, warm brown marble, and updated fixtures. It was a fine place to sleep and prepare for three days/nights.- Price! At least this Spring, 2009, the Rubens is a bargain by central London standards.It's not the fanciest possible choice, but it's very welcoming and enjoyable.	
Apr 26 2009 	Carnation Triumph	It is easy to see why the 'Red Carnation' group hotels are all well towards the top of the Trip Advisor list. The hotel looks cared for and the staff in turn take great care of their guests. From the desk staff to the concierge and from the restaurant manager to the barman the staff are consistently helpful, efficient and cheery. All this ensured that our stay was extremely pleasant. I am sure you can find equally good rooms and food but the service really did make the difference for us.	
Apr 25 2009 	Small	Good location for theatres and places to eat. Staff friendly and helpful.Clean rooms however room was very small. That small infact that the bathroom was almost bigger than the bedroom. Nice little boutique hotel for small people	
Apr 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We spent three nights at the Rubens and were very pleased.The hotel is great. It is well-situated (5 minutes walking distance to Buckingham palace, and from there to St James Park; and 5 minutes away from Victoria station on the opposite direction) and faces the Royal Mews, but is also relatively quiet.Staff were courteous and friendly, and the concierge did his best to help us find our way around.Our room was spacious enough and very clean. The bathroom was spotless.The breakfast buffet was one of the best, and waiters/waitresses were swarming around ready to help customers in whichever way possible.	
Apr 23 2009 	Vacation was Great!!	The Rubens was wonderful and so is the location. We stayed in a suite since we were traveling with our 12 year old son. The room was large with a pull out and a very large bathroom. Everyone at the hotel was phenomenal! The staff was friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. All their recommendations were excellent. The only complaint is the rooms could be upgraded a bit, such as flat screen TVs. Our son had a great time and at the same time received a history lesson!	
Apr 20 2009 	Pleasant hotel in a great location	This is a wonderful little hotel situated across from the Royal Mews. The staff were very helpful, particularily the doormen. Great breakfast. We stayed in a large, lovely room overlooking the Mews. The location is perfect because you can easily walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, the Aquarium, St. James Park - the list is endless. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Why Stay Anywhere else?	I have traveled the world and out of every hotel I have stayed, Rubens is simply the BEST! My partner and I have stayed at The Rubens 5 or 6 times now and once made a mistake of booking at another hotel. We checked out of that hotel after 5 hours and went back to The Rubens. When booking you must get a front facing room though. The front facing rooms are wonderful. Some are smaller than others but just having the view of the Royal Mews as well as the city is worth the upgrade. If you can, book a room in the Royal Wing. We have stayed in one of them once and they are simply beautiful. The staff is tremendous! Whatever your need is they will fill it or try to find a way to do so. The full English breakfast is a lot of food and simply worth the money, especially if you can get it included in your rate. Room service is always prompt and if they are going to be running late they do call to tell you so you are not left waiting. Checking and out is always easy. Booking, either through the online service or through the reservations department is effortless. Michelle, the Reservations Manager is great! Anything she can do, from renting a car or any other needs you might have she does without any problems. When you arrive at The Rubens you are first greeted by Nathan, the doorman. Polite and courteous no matter what the situation. Dave the concierge is possibly the best in London, but don't tell him that because his bald head is already to big! He is one man that truly goes above the needs of the hotel's guests. You really couldn't ask for more. This last trip in March of 09 we got to meet a new porter named Giedrius. He couldn't have done more for us. Samatha at reservation/check in was terrific. You truly can't ask for anything more by staying at the Rubens. The location is perfect for getting around London. A 4 minute walk to Victoria station where you can catch the Underground or other train services. A 15 minute walk to River Themes, while walking through the park and down Bird Cage Walk, doesn't seem that long at all. Buckingham Palace is at the corner and there are a few great places to eat and drink... Dave will send you to a really nice Italian restaurant a half block away. Food was terrific the priced really well. The restaurants at the hotel are very nice and having afternoon tea or a drink (or two in our case) sitting in the front window is great to do some people watching. The only downfall I have is that service at night in the lounge can be slow. But then again service is slower in London at most restaurants compared to the states. Even though it might be slower, they are always courteous and the food is wonderful. You have to get the sticky pudding and the penne pasta. The pumpkin risotto was mmmmm good! With all said and done, &quot;why stay anywhere else?&quot;	
Apr 15 2009 	Location Location Location !	Booked 7 nights at the Rubens directly through their 1-800 number. Upon arrival we were given a twin room that was substandard and certainly didn't resemble photos on their website. After requesting another room, we were certainly pleased with the difference. Excellent air conditioner, clean bath, comfortable beds and wonderful buffet breakfast with eggs, bacon ,beans, mushrooms, cold cuts, cheeses, fruits, juices, cereals, and breads. Best hot tea we had on our trip. Also, tried their buffet dinner and the prime rib with the trimmings would be hard to beat.. Food in the bar was very good, although a little pricey. We found the staff to be pleasant , promt and helpful. There are several restaurants located in immediate area.	
Apr 15 2009 	Fantastic location	The Rubens is ideally situated to explore London. If you arrive at Gatwick airport then catch the Gatwick Express into Victoria, the hotel is then a very short walk away. You couldn't get anywhere more convenient as a base. Buckingham Palace Mews is right opposite the hotel and the Palace itself just a short stroll up the road. We found the service at the hotel excellent with the staff all being very attentive and courteous although we did find our first room to be on the small side. I booked a classic double for us but the room we got (No. 243) was situated at the back of the hotel and was quite small and dingy. It was also very hot and we had a very uncomfortable night on our first night. I asked if there was any possibillity of changing our room but as the hotel was full we couldn't move until our last night. We were offered an upgrade then but at an additional cost however I paid it as we were both desperate to get a good night's sleep. I feel that the classic double would only be suitable for one person but when I queried this, was told that all London rooms were cosy not small!! I really would challenge this and if we went back to this hotel would definitely book an Executive King Size as this was large, bright and airy. The cleanliness is both rooms was just about OK but I did notice the odd stain here and there which could have so easily been cleaned.Despite all of this, we did have a fantastic time in London and the fabulous breakfasts in the hotel set us up for the day. These were probably the best I've had at any hotel I've stayed in. I would recommend this hotel but with reservations.	
Apr 13 2009 	magic	we stayed in the rubens for one night and where totally pampared would recommed anyone to stay there	
Apr 11 2009 	First rate hotel	The service and attention at this hotel is the best I've ever experienced. Perhaps due to the economy and the Pound, I got a fantastic rate in a double size room overlooking the Royal Mews. I spoke with just about every different type of staff member and all were exceedingly polite and had a fine attention to detail.The only gaff they did was to seat me in the restaurant while the kitchen had already closed. It was late anyway so I just had something at the bar instead - the best fish &amp; chips I'd ever had! The waitress came up to check on my twice and apologized each time for seating me. The next day the restaurant manager also found me at breakfast and again apologized.The breakfast buffet is amongst the best I've ever seen with attentive but non-intrusive service.I regret not taking tea as I was too busy sightseeing. I did peak into the dining room and it looked exquisite.Its location is perfect for sightseeing. Lots of major attractions within walking distance and its close proximity to Victoria Station means access to many different tube lines. Just learn to use the pedestrian tunnels at the corner so you don't get run down!The concierge was also extremely helpful for all the special Royal events going on at the Palace and on the Mall.This was truly fine hotel - hospitality at its very best. I'd love to return here.	
Apr 11 2009 	Affordable European Luxury at it's Best!!	My husband and I stayed at the Rubens for 9 nights and could not have been more pleased. We were so pleasantly surprised by the detail, comfort, and customer service offered by all staff. Our room(booked with a breakfast package directly via website) was beautiful, clean, and absolutely comfortable. Prior to arrival, we were able to choose our pillows and the bed(down comforter) made for a wonderful night's rest. Room(king Deluxe on 1st floor) was large(for European standards) with amenities including tea, hair dryer, shampoo, etc. Paper was delivered each morning and the breakfast(continental) was more than enough with outstanding service. The location was directly across from the Royal Mews and a no more than 5 min. walk directly to either Buckingham Palace or the Victoria Station Underground. We used the concierge services only 3 times and each time they were more engaging and helpful. The customer service offered at the hotel by all staff that we encountered truly surpassed our expectations. I booked this hotel as a result of cost comaparison with other Red Carnation Hotels and Trip Advisor reviews. We will definitely return to this most charming and lovely hotel. We were made to feel that we were at a small, luxury hotel without the fuss and cost.	
Apr 9 2009 	Simply Superb!	My wife and I stayed at Rubens at the Palace, London for two nights. We both wished we could have stayed far longer. Having toured Europe and the US in celebration of our 30th year of marriage, we can safely say that Ruben's Hotel is by far the best! Perhaps it is the proximity to the Palace, but we were made to feel like royalty throught our stay. We have seen great customer service, but Rubens surpassed all our expectations on all fronts. My wife and I have never been looked after with such care and good cheer. Go there with complete confidence.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great 'royal' experience!	My husband took me on my first trip to London for my birthday, and it was a wonderful experience! He told the hotel about my birthday, and they upgraded our room to the Royal Wing of the hotel! We were in the Charles II room -- I felt like royalty during my stay. =)The hotel location was great -- very easy to access London's underground system, close to tour bus stops, and of course right near Buckingham Palace! The staff was great - they even helped me get a special adapter so I could use my hair straightener. They were very friendly and helpful as we planned our sightseeing on our trip.Definitely take advantage of the traditional English breakfast served every morning.	
Apr 2 2009	A hotel fit for royalty	My family and I stayed at The Rubens and it is probably one of the best hotels I've been to. As soon as we pulled up to the curb, the staff is there to greet you and is so friendly and helpful. The vibe of the hotel just makes you feel special, regal even, I mean it is right across the street from Buckingham Palace. We stayed in the Queen's suite, which was awesome, very clean. They have a great spread for breakfast, and if I remember correctly, it was free.	
Mar 25 2009 	Tops in service location and accommodations !	Simply the best trip ever. Dave must be the BEST concierge in all of London or possibly the world and we have traveled extensively. He and the staff (Nathan and Guitres) amoung others made the trip for us. They made me and my daughter feel like family. Although we traveled with friends that have stayed at the Rubens 7 or 8 times, they made us feel as though they have known us our whole lives. They will surely be missed by us. Besides the excellent service, our room was beautiful - Superior King. Quite large (although no view) we stayed in room 429. Our friends had a lovely view of The Royal Mews in room 410, but their room was quite small. Room service each day was lovely (Royal Breakfast incl.) we couldn't simply eat all that was provided and started ordering less and less each day and they still filled the trays despite the smaller orders. Tea, cocktails and snacks in the Palace Lounge each evening was relaxing with a great view for people watching. The location was great and close walking distance to all the majors or just a 5Lb cab ride away and Victoria staion just about 2 block walk. If you are energenic you can pretty much walk to anywhere on a beautiful day. We stayed for a week and the weather was sunny and a warm 60F or 16C. Cannot wait to return to London to chat Dave up and laugh all day from his sunny humour. We loved London, We loved the Rubens and We Loved Dave, Nathan and Guitres-thank you for a lovely Holiday!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Service is Key at Rubens	Stayed for 6 nights at the Rubens at the Palace recently. The room we had for three was rather cramped and the bath was small also. We did get used to it although I wish we had asked if a larger room was available. Best aspects: Location- walking distance to Victoria tube, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace &amp; Piccadilly area. Service- staff were very friendly and called us by name and did all they could to make our stay pleasant. Breakfast- the breakfast buffet was served in a lovely room and the choices were plentiful and very good. Eggs were made to order and extra items not found on the buffet could be ordered from the menu at no additional charge. Overall ambiance- the lobby level rooms and the restaurants were decorated beautifully with no evidence of wear and tear. Staff were professional and greeted us warmly. Wish List: Internet-wish there wasn't an hourly charge to connect to internet Room Size- wish the room had been larger, cramped for three people. Overall...highly recommend.	
Mar 9 2009 	Simply the Best Hotel in London	Stayed 2 nights over the Valentine's Day Weekend in the African Queen Suite. What more can I say other than it was fantastic!I can't compliment the staff enough, especially the hotel manager, Mr. Hendry, who runs this establishment with elegance and grace. My wife and I have stayed at other properties in London, but we always return to the Rubens not only for it's excellent location, but for it's charm and attentive staff. As Americans. we always feel that we are being treated as extended family rather than tourists just passing through. The Cavalry Bar is one of the cosiest places in all of London to enjoy a few drinks and have a chat. Next time your travel plans include London, give the Rubens a try, you won't be sorry.	
Mar 9 2009	The Best Care I've Ever Received	During my flight to London, I received food posioning. The staff at the Rubens was understanding and compassionate from the minute I arrived. They automatically updated my Mom and my room so that I could have a larger space. They offerred to call a doctor to make a house call. Every 30 minutes someone from the kitchen brought me a bucket of ice, and I was brought amazing chicken noodle soup once I was able to eat. I received multiple phone calls every day by various members of the staff to check on me. I was so humbled and amazed at the amazing service I received and will never stay anywhere but the Rubens.	
Mar 6 2009 	Wonderful Stay @ The Rubens!	The Rubens is absolutely wonderful! We enjoyed our stay. The hotel staff is extremely courteous and helpful. Hotel Chef is superb! Breakfast is excellent particularly the fresh squeeze orange juice, as well as the afternoon English tea. Kudos to the concierge staff. Went out of his way to reserve airline seats for our departure flight! We recommend this hotel to all travelers!KVDC	
Mar 4 2009	Elegant yet friendly service in a central but relatively quiet location	My daughter and I stayed at Rubens in February 2009 for 3 nights. We had an enjoyable and relaxing time. 99.9% of the staff were ever so helpful, courteous and friendly (w/the exception of a seemingly disgruntled cleaning lady). Our package came with a full breakfast each morning which was served in the very impressive Old Masters dining room with fabulous stations of food and beverages. What a wonderful breakfast buffet! Our room was a superior King bed decorated in a lovely striped and floral English country theme. The bathroom was beautiful as well, although getting in and out of the bathtub was a bit of a challenge for my 5' 2&quot; frame -- apparently designed for taller people. The hotel's location is right across the Royal Mews and a short walk to Buckingham Palace. Also close by are your favorite London attractions, e.g., the London Eye, Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, among others. The tube station is close by and cabs are always readily available. On our first day, we enjoyed afternoon tea at the Palace Lounge overlooking The Royal Mews and sat at a table by the windows as we sipped our tea, munched on our finger sandwiches and pastries, and watched the passersby. On our last night, after dinner and theater, we spent some time at the lovely and cozy Cavalry Bar where we sat in front of the fireplace as we sipped our Cosmopolitan drinks. All in all a memorable experience. I would definitely recommend and return to the Rubens. One slight area of improvement is the cleaning services at the room. Hotel staff was very nice to ask if our room was cleaned satisfactorily, and I did mention that our bathtub was not cleaned as well as it should have been since I still saw a bit of my footmarks there. They did come and clean it afterwords to my satisfaction. I also noticed that when they cleaned the room, the did not really tidy up and put away a few things that were scattered on top of the table -- another point of improvement for this otherwise phenomenal hote.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great hotel in convenient location	This is my second visit to this hotel and chose a kingsize room as London hotel rooms can be on the small size. I love the location of this hotel just a short walk from Victoria station and no changes on the tube from Euston. The dining room for breakfast is very spacious and grand and the food is delicious. There are no problems leaving luggage on day of departure and the staff are attentive but not intrusive. Will be returning as my daughter works just round the corner . There is an excellent shopping centre in Cardinal Place on Victoria Street, and the Queen's Gallery opposite is a real treat.	
Jan 22 2009 	Investiture	I can only praise the management and staff of The Rubens at the Palace. The hole staff from the top to the bottom were really helpfull in every way, considering the time of year (one week before christmas). No matter what you were looking for, they did it with great gusto and always with a smile. Nothing was to much, no matter what your request was. I would recommend this hotel to anyone from anywhere in the world, you will receive the same welcome as we did. This is the second time that my wife and I have stayed at the Rubens and will stay their on our next visit to London.	
Jan 16 2009 	Excellent hotel - loved it!	Stayed at the Rubens for one week for business. Excellent hotel from every angle. Great price, great location (at the back end of Buckingham Palace), great staff, great decor (very charming like a British country home), great restaurant (breakfast was delicious, wide choice, quality food and ample) and all the required amenities like wireless and a cozy, warm ambiance. The only downside was the room size - very very small. But I'm from NYC so it did not bother me. I can't say enough good things about the Rubens!!!	
Jan 8 2009 	Loved it ! The best hotel for me.	I could have unforgettable stay at the Rubens at the palace (at the end of Dec 2008 for 3 days) Frankly, The Rubens hotel is absolutely the best hotel ever for me. Every point exceeded my expectation.Before leaving my country (Japan), I was thinking which places I would visit in London, but after the check-in, I was thinking staying at the hotel as long as possible. Finally, I spent most of time at the Rubens hotel. 1. Friendly and nice(st) staffs: In other hotels, we can see some nice staffs but At the Rubens hotel, &quot;All of staffs were very (x100) friendly, kind, efficient and polite !! &quot;. They know what customers need and wish.2. Nice food: I had before been told that food was not so much good in England but the food at the Rubens hotel changed completely my stereotype; every food I tried was so delicious(Scones, sweets, Roast beef, and great breakfast etc.)!3. Nice room: I had booked a King room. It was not so large (but not small), it was very comfortable and beautifully decorated.The bed was very comfortable!! The bathroom was elegant and very clean. 4. Nicest decoration of entire hotel: I was very amazed by such a nice, traditional, classic, elegant, and artistic decoration of the hotel (I was feeling &quot;London&quot;. I invited some friends for a dinner and they were also so amazed and they appreciated it, too). I had never seen such a nicely decorated hotel before.I cannot feel any negative point about the hotel.Especially about 3 and 4, more and more hotels are today in modern and contemporary design (even at historical hotels).I personally do not like it, because I can see such design at anywhere in the world. I cannot see any difference or any identity from such hotels.However, The Rubens hotel (or maybe other Red Carnation hotels) design is absolutely different and I could identify how The Rubens hotel is. I will come back to The Rubens hotel for the next trip to London!!	
Jan 7 2009 	xmas at the Rubens	We choose to spend xmas away, for a change, and decided to return to the Rubens for our forth stay at this establishment.Nothing changes, the staff as as helpful as ever and the xmas day lunch was excellent, we choose to upgrade to the edward vii room for this stay on arrival. These rooms are in their own privite corridor on the 3rd floor facing the Royal Mews, and we were the only couple staying, in this area of the hotel over xmas.The staff at the Rubens cannot do enough for you, my wife had the flu during our stay, and they did everything they could for her, she recommends the Banna smoothy off the kids menu, as an excellent pick you up, try them superb.The room was clean, and bright, as ever, with a comfy bed as always, the bathroom had a tv in it, a very deep bath, and mirrored ceiling, shame she had the flu........................Planning to return in Feb for a weekend stay.All in all excellent.	
Jan 6 2009	Loved The Rubens	I brought a group of 25 people to stay at the Rubens. Our high school played in the New Years Day Parade Jan 1, 2009.Check in was very effecient and even though my room was not ready upon our arrival we found our bags in our room when we came back after some sightseeing.The room was a king bed with a sofa sleeper for our son. The room was a bit small compared to US hotels but comperable for London. The bed and pillows were very comfortable I slept very well.The hotel was quiet I had a corner room 245 that faced the street and I was not disturbed by traffic noise.The full english breakfast was outstanding. There lots of good tasting food that was freshly made throughout the breakfast time.The service at breakfast was excellent as well always taking your dirty plates and checking to see if you needed anything.The hotel staff knew my name and face shortly after arrival and was always greeted up arrival or leaving the hotel. The Rubens is an excellent choice to stay at if you like a quiet location it is only a 15-20 minute walk to Trafalgar Square and 10 minutes to the front gate of Buckingham Palace.It is a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station underground tube.I was most impressed with the staff each and every staff member bent over backwards to help you out. Their service was exceptional from the moment I checked in until the time I checked out.	
Jan 1 2009	new year in london	mr c hannan, watch when you book hotel on internet it comes with breakfast, we had a right do and had to pay 10.00 per head for breakfast and on internet page it came with breakfast. wasn't happy with this. but, good time - bed really comfortable, didn't want to get out of it, there huge! watch when you book hotel they will offer you an upgrade, make sure they show you the rooms before you upgrade because they say they upgraded you, but don't! i found this out with other hotel customers talking about it. but as an hole, great time in london, good new years party, hotel close to victoria underground and the palace and parks. west end a 20 to 25 minute walk or short taxi ride. hotel is like a posh old peoples nursing home, very friendly staff - superb in fact, very good service and breakfast is mega!	
Dec 8 2008 	Perfect Location	Our second stay at the Rubens - this time on holiday with my parents on their first trip to the UK. A wonderful experience with great service - not quite as attentive as our first stay several years ago. The location cannot be beat - easy walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station. A reasonable hike to Westminster Abbey or Trafalgar Square. The hotel breakfast is very good - dinner was lacking in the Carvery.Hot water and great water pressure every morning. beds very comfortable. The front desk folks are extremely helpful with any questions and suggestions. Would go back anytime.	
Dec 2 2008 	A Bit Disappointed	My husband and I stayed at The Rubens for 4 nights from 11/27-12/1/08. Check-in was okay. We arrived at around 10:00 in the morning and our room was not ready, which we definitely expected it not to be at that time of day so that wasn't a problem at all. I had asked if the room we would receive overlooked the palace mews as I had requested, and I was told that it was a fine room and I shouldn't try to change it at that time since it was already assigned to us. Okay, fine, I didn't push it at all, I just always want to ask before hauling our luggage up to a room and then really being unhappy with it and then need to lug everything somewhere else. So we left our luggage and hit the pavement for a few hours. The location was really perfect for our first trip to London. We walked around Buckingham Palace, over to Trafalgar Square, back through St. James Park, and caught part of the procession from the changing of the guards. After checking in, we were able to take a quick tube ride over to Westminster and then walk back. So much of the main sites are within walking distance of The Rubens, or a very quick tube ride away, so that was really great. Okay, so now we are back at the hotel to take our luggage up to our room. The first thing I always do when I walk into a new hotel room is to sit down on the bed to see how cushy it is and look at their guest services book. So, sitting on the side of the bed, I glance up from the book, and stuck to the wall was.....something that I won't say here, but it was really, really gross and definitely should have been found and removed by housekeeping. I called down to the front desk and they sent up someone from housekeeping who kept questioning me like we had put it there. Um, we just walked into the room 3 minutes ago, and it would have taken longer than that to, eh hem, fill up the thing that was stuck to the wall. My husband asked her to send up a manager, who was genuinely mortified and who went in search of another manager. They understood that we did not want to stay in that room and moved us to a different room the next floor up. This brings me to the guest preference form they ask you to complete prior to arrival. I had sent it in several weeks before as asked. On the form, one of the questions asks for favorite colors. I stated that &quot;we greatly prefer soft muted colors like cream, tan, and sage&quot;. The 1st room we were given was deep red and forest green everywhere, not at all &quot;soft&quot;. However, we thought that's fine, we're in London where royal colors like that are traditional. However, the room we moved to (not a suite, but the same room type) was cream and sage, so it was obviously available. Really, nothing on the guest preference form seemed to be taken into consideration except for my request for a trouser press. Just something to be aware of when completing it. Our package included a dinner at their carvery restaurant, and one of the managers stated that he would upgrade us to their finer restaurant, The Library, for our included dinner. We appreciated it, but still wanted to keep our reservation at the carvery restaurant that night and stated that we would just pay for it and eat at The Library 2 nights later. He said that's fine and he would make all of the arrangements. So that night we go to the carvery restaurant, which really was terrible. We overheard several people complaining to the servers and management about the food. Anyway, we're exhausted from the overnight flight and the first day's jet lag has set in, so we just want to eat and go to bed. When we were seated (after giving our name and room number) we were told that a bottle of wine comes with the meal - which is a fixed price per person - and would we like white or red. Great, a bottle of wine comes with the dinner. When we went to pay for the meal, they stated that it was our &quot;free&quot; meal. We explained the situation, a dining manager was called over, and she said that was fine but then we would have to pay for the bottle of wine. This did not sit well with my husband at all, since we were told that the meal came with the bottle of wine. He went off a bit on this manager, stating that nobody knew how to handle their customers at this hotel, and that we were so disappointed considering their reputation is based on their level of service. We did at least find that the wine was then not charged on our final bill. So, unfortunately, our experience with the hotel was not what we had hoped, and we questioned a couple times during our stay if we should just move to a different hotel. If we were staying longer, then we probably would have. I will say that the room we were moved to was nice and comfortable (room 221). As other reviewers have stated, the beds feel wonderful after a long day of seeing the sights. The full English breakfasts were okay, and the dinner we had at The Library was quite good. The walls were a bit too thin, and the first night we were kept awake by a neighbor talking very loudly from about 12:30 AM-2:30 AM. Would I stay here again? No. Would I tell someone to absolutely never stay here? No, I don't think I would do that either, but make sure you are getting a good rate and take a good look at the areas surrounding the bed before getting too comfortable... We do look forward to our next trip to London!	
Dec 1 2008 	Service fit for Buckingham Palace	We stayed two nights and originally chose it due to its closeness to Buckingham Palace where we were attending an event.From the minute we arrived to the moment we left, the staff couldn't do enough to help. We had elderly parents with us with limited mobility and made sure that they were comfortable in very respect.	
Nov 29 2008 	Wonderful weekend	Not a bit of wonder that this hotel gets consistently good reviews.Having booked a weekend (bed and breakfast ), from the moment of our arrival to our departure we enjoyed every minute spent in the hotel. The staff are amoungst the most helpful, efficient and charming you could ever wish to meet and consequently created a most friendly family atmosphere.Our room was not particularly large but this was more than compensated for by being absolutely spotless and extremely comfortable. Although we booked B&amp;B ( the breakfast was superb and the choice was literally endless ), we were so impressed that we opted to have dinner in the Library on the Saturday evening. Very unhurried and relaxing,the food was of a high standard and it was pleasant to see that diners were requested to turn off mobile phones whilst in the restaurant.Thoroughly recommended and hopefully if we return to London this is the place we would hope to stay again	
Nov 27 2008 	Best staff in London	I have stayed at The Rubens on and off since 2002 and it's consistently been an excellent experience. The staff is friendly and professional, which is often not the case in London. You can be assured a great stay.The Rubens pays great attention to detail. The sheets are great - and being a sheet snob, it's always good to know I'll sleep on good sheets and pillow cases.Everything is always sparkling clean. They have every amenity one needs when away from home. At a fabulous price most of the time.And the location is fantastic, as well. You can't go wrong by staying there.	
Nov 20 2008 	excellent staff!	I had a great experience at Rubens at the Palace. I arrived at the hotel after my long miserable trip - my domestic flight delayed, international flight was canceled and luggage was lost. The staff at the reception desk was very efficient and friendly. My single room was small but clean and good size for London. The bathroom was also clean - it seems to have been recently renovated. The concierge was very friendly and helpful to call my airline about the lost luggage. The location was also excellent near the station, restaurants, supermarket and internet cafe. After one week, I stayed in another hotel in London where I had totally an opposite experience. I regret that I didn't come back to Rubens!	
Nov 18 2008 	Great hotel in Great Location!	I just spent three wonderful nights at the Rubens at the Palace and loved my stay. The hotel is incredibly nice and perfectly situated right in the middle of everything in London. In terms of location, the Rubens is hard to beat. It is located about 2 blocks from Buckingham Palace and about 2 blocks from Victoria Station, where the nearest tube stop is located. From the Rubens it is an easy 10-15 minute walk to Westminster Abbey and Parliament/Big bean area, a short walk to Hyde Park, a quick walk to the Picadilly Circus area, and with the Tube so close, its incredibly easy to get anywhere in London.The hotel is very nicely done and the rooms, though small (but that is to be expected in London) have a nice touch of luxury. The staff is incredibly helpful and the service is fantastic, from the front desk at check in, to the staff in the restaurants and everyone else. I purchased the continental breakfast every morning for 8 pounds, which for London isn't bad at all. The breakfast had a very nice assortment of fresh fruits, breads, pasteries, juices, and yogurts and the service was exceptional. Definitely worth it, I think.	
Nov 16 2008 	If you don't stay at the Rubens don't blame me...	All I can say is thank you. The Rubens is one of the few hotels I've stayed in (and I've stayed in a lot) that not only helped to make our vacation a success, they were actually one of the main reasons our vacation was so enjoyable. Normally when you vacation abroad you basically sleep and maybe eat at your hotel...the rest of the time you are out and about. At the Rubens you really feel like you are coming home each time you return. My wife and I would spend the day sight seeing and exploring London and spent each night sharing our experiences with Vincent and Judith in the bar, May in customer service and the rest of the amazing staff. The room was clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The concierge took care of all of our needs and booked all of our tickets for us, we never even had to leave the hotel to make our arrangements. The Big Bus Tour, which I highly recommend, picks you up directly in front of the hotel. We bought tickets to Wicked while in town and the theater was a 5 min walk from the hotel. There were souvenir shops, grocery stores and plenty of English Pubs within minutes of the front door. To top it off, when you look out your bedroom window you are looking directly at the Palace. Amazing! I honestly can't remember the last time we were made to feel so at home at a hotel. Thank you Vincent, Judith, May, Nadia and the rest of the incredible staff at the Rubens. If you are ever coming to South Carolina, our door is open.	
Nov 10 2008 	loved it!!	Stayed here last week in October,as a celebration of our wedding anniversary. The location is super, facing the royal mews. We had a king sized room and the view was of the royal mews it felt really special.When we arrived our room wasn't quite ready so we were offered a drink in the bar, we opted for a cocktail which was gorgeous (long island tea) .very alchoholic!our room was great very plush and extremly comfortable bed.I had e-mailed the hotel to say it was our anniversary and they had left a lovely card in our room wishing us well, how lovely of them!Breakfast was served in the resturant which was superb .All staff really friendly and exellent service would highly recommend, and we will definatly be returning!	
Oct 31 2008	Fantastic place	This was an overnight stay for a very special occasion for my aunt. Three of us stayed and had the most fantastic time imaginable. The staff couldn't do enough to help us - especially the concierge team who really made my aunt feel extra special. Afternoon tea was amazing sitting watching the carriages go into the Royal Mews. Cannot praise the hotel and staff enough.	
Oct 30 2008 	The best by far	We have just come back from 2 nights at the Rubens by the Palace hotel. Everything was fantastic, the staff very professional and freindly, in fact we have not got anything negative to say, and we have been to loads of hotels in London. This is the best 4 star we have stayed in.	
Oct 21 2008 	Lovely hotel in the heart of things.	We stayed at the Rubens by the Palace for 8 nights at the end of September 2008. The hotel is on a busy street, but due to the location, you can walk to two tube locations, Victoria and Green Circle, as well as theatres, Buckingham Palace, The Royal Mews, etc. The hotel rooms are small! I mean tiny! We had a king and the women who checked us in commented on the length of our impending stay and offered to upgrade us, but at a cost we were not willing to pay. The beds are wonderful and the pillows are pure heaven! Complementary bottled mineral and still water is refreshed every day and there are washclothes, tissue and hair dryers in the rooms, not something that other UK hotels provide.The concierge staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating and the Library restaurant provided one of the best meals of our 2 week UK vacation.Because I booked through a travel agent friend, I did not get the pre-arrival special needs request that I have seen that other hotel guests have gotten. We were there during a special occasion and would have welcomed an opportunity to do something special for my husband. I guess you need to book directly with the hotel to get that perk, and I was dissappointed.The lounge and bar were very comfy after a long day of touring touring London's sites and they had a decent wine list, but scanty appetizers. Matthew, a regular waiter in the bar was super great. Buy an Oyster Card either before you arrive or at Heathrow. That was the bargain of our trip as we were able to go anywhere in London at no additional cost, as often as we wished during a 7 day time frame.The hotel is an easy walk from Victoria Station, Starbucks and MANY small local dining establishments. I highly recommend this hotel, but perhaps we should have gotten a larger room and paid the extra cost. It would have been more comfortable for such a long stay.	
Oct 13 2008 	Loved it loved it!!!	We stayed at the Rubens at 3/10-5/10.It was our first trip to London and we loved it.The stuff were amazing and extremly helpfull to us(and always happy to answer our millions questions believe me on this).We had a smoking room as we reguest it(THANK YOU).Our room was very very clean.We stayed only for 2 days..and it was wonderfull.Of cource Rubens was on of the things that made this trip amazing!!Special thanks to Mrs.Camilla and the Concierge team!!!See you very soon.......	
Oct 8 2008	The best staff in the world!	My sister and I enjoyed a wonderful reunion in London this year. She came from Calgary, Alberta in Canada, and I came from Harare, Zimbabwe. We were celebrating my 50th birthday, and decided to treat ourselves and stay in a special hotel, and visit London's historical sites. The Rubens fulfilled everything we could have wished for and more. We found the staff to be exceptionally caring, and we were lavished with attention! During our six-day stay they got to know us, and were always available for a chat or a laugh with us. Staying at the Rubens felt like home! The food was wonderful, and we particularly liked our evening cocktails in the bar, where delicious bar snacks were provided. We had our favourite position in the lounge, in front of the huge picture window looking out over the Royal Mews, where we were served an amazing High Tea. Our room was compact but very comfortable, and there were many thoughtful touches. This hotel is perfectly situated for theatres, shopping and sightseeing, and I cannot wait to return! Thank you for the stay of a lifetime.	
Oct 3 2008 	18th Birthday!	My stay at the Rueben's was the most amazing trip of my life. My mom, dad, and sister went for a week to London to be followed by a week in Ireland for a business trip for my dad. This trip was two years ago but I still remember it like it was yesterday. Yes, the rooms are on the smaller side but once you learn that the hotel was originally a boarding house for coming out debutantes, the stay takes on a whole new meaning. Thinking about the past in these rooms was truly amazing. While we were in London, I was lucky enough to celebrate my 18th birthday at the hotel and this will be one that I will never forget. While in the bar with my parents and sister, I was serenaded by the piano player who played Happy Birthday while we toasted with champagne and ate cake. There really is no better way to spend your birthday than with your family in a dream location. The staff was amazing and extremely accommodating, they want to make your stay as amazing as it can be. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to have a personal, meaningful trip with a little bit of history mixed in. If you are in to spacious, over the top rooms, this is definitely not for you. Enjoy your one of a kind trip and make the most memories you possibly can, they will never be forgotten!	
Sep 27 2008 	Really nice place to stay	Clean, nicely decorated, good service. A great base for business travellers or for exploring London.	
Sep 19 2008 	Second time as good as the first	Found myself hastily booking a BOS-LHR business trip to speak at a conference with a group I had forgotten I belonged to!...oh well, forget the Hiltons and the other places my associates were staying at...I wanted to go back to the lovely, little Rubens (I had stayed there before, in 2003, with Mrs. Z, on a pleasure trip, and we had a royal suite and loved it).No suite this time, as I was alone...well, it was called a Junior suite...very ample size, with a nice large bathroom, and Queen size bed.The only lapse in service came at checkin, at 9am...now, to be clear, I have the room booked and guaranteed for the prior night (when I am flying in from the states), so that , when I arrive very early, the room is already made up and mine...well, they cancelled me as a NO-SHOW...even though I it was guaranteed for 3 nights...big boo-boo...they gathered together at the front counter, and came up with a small, rear facing room that I could rest in, shower, etc, while my Jr. suite was readied for late afternoon occupancy....good recovery on the staff's part, I think, and I had only the minor inconvenience of re-packing and moving to the other room later.Always enjoy having a Pimm's Cup in the bar adjacent to the lobby.Had fast very early, dinner at Carvery, Master's...good beef carved by the proper Scottish chef, in his full whites and toque (he told me he was Scottish).In the am, I enjoyed nibbling at the many components of the full, English breakfast that was included in my rate plan...that was served in the same restaurant that becomes the carvery.Enjoyed the views of The Mews out front, while wondering what's going on inside that whole Palace complex.Will always return to Rubens...........................................z	
Sep 18 2008 	Better Than The Rest	For a short break in London, you could do no better than stay at the Rubens by the Palace.It is not the swishest or the most expensive. But it is immaculately turned out. Our room (up from the standard) was nicely decorated and comfortably furnished with the best hotel bed we have slept in.However, the most impressive thing here is the service. The staff are clearly well trained and motivated. It is so nice, nowdays, to experience good old fashioned courtesy.Great restaurant-too. Pricey, but worth it for the occasion. Also, you only get what you pay for, and here you get quality by the spadeful-or should it be by the forkful!	
Sep 16 2008 	Just as good as before	It's nice to go back to somewhere that has impressed, and find it just as good as before. This was our second visit to the Rubens, after a six months gap. It confirmed itself to be a first-rate, highly professional, well run, traditional, four star establishment. The rooms are not huge, though very nice and well equipped, which probably prohibits a five star rating. But the service is definitely five star. Being part of a relatively small hotel group the Rubens no doubt perceives a competitive advantage opportunity in providing excellent individual guest service and care -- and it shows. In terms of facilities, there is a very pleasant lounge looking out over the Royal Mews, where a cocktail pianist plays in the evening, and a pleasant adjacent bar. The carvery restaurant (Old Masters), where we had breakfast and dinner this time is excellent. The a la carte Library restaurant (where we ate last time) is expensive, but seriously good. The location, close to Victoria Station and St James's Park, is both convenient and pleasant. All in all a most enjoyable experience and very good value for money. We will undoubtedly return to the Rubens on future occasions.	
Sep 11 2008 	Staff super but smelly noisy rooms	I stayed at the Ruebens Hotel for workpurposes for 3 nights in September 2008. The location is superb, and so is the staff. All of the staff went out of their way to be friendly, helpful, and accommodating (the concierge found us tickets for the show we wanted at the very last moment). The food is very good, including the breakfast buffet. The disappointing part was the rooms. I had booked a non-smoking room, but upon arrival, none was available. The smell in the room I was given was very strong, stale cigar-like. I was told there is a sophisticated aircleaning system, and that they would run it again in my room the next day, but the smell was as bad on the second and third night. Rooms are small, there was hardly any place to walk around the bed, but the bed was comfortable. Amenities in the bathroom were very good quality. My room was supposedly on the more quiet side of the hotel, but it was very noisy and traffic was running all night. Wireless internet worked very well on the first day I used it, but not so well on the second day where I lost the connection about 10 times in less than 2 hours. While I was happy enough there, I will try something else next time.	
Sep 5 2008 	Excellent	Excellent hotel in great location with very friendly and professional staff. Great buffet breakfast and comfortable rooms. Definitely would recommend it highly.	
Sep 4 2008	Gross Negligence or Theft ?	I stayed at Reubens a number of weeks ago. It was to my horror that checking my credit card bill that I noticed that the hotel had taken an additional £216 from my credit card supposedly due to a mistake by the night auditor! What the night auditor was doing with my credit card details and how he accessed them when I checked out at midday remains to be seen. It does not matter how good or bad the hotel is if you cannot trust the employees.	
Sep 4 2008 	We liked it.	We stayed two nights this summer, and liked the hotel. The rooms were small but nice enough, and the place was clean. Unlike some hotels, this one does have a nice lobby and bar area. The location is good in some respects -- right across the street from the Royal Mews and the entrance to Buckingham Palace was right down the street. We visited the palace during our stay so that was convenient (be sure to book your palace tickets online to avoid a huge wait in line). I would not pay extra for a view room because the Mews are not that interesting to look at (not like you are looking right at the front of the palace). It is a medium-sized walk through St. James park to the parliament/Big Ben area. Our second stay was in Trafalgar square and we found that location to be more central and convenient.	
Sep 3 2008 	Regualr visitor	The Rubens is an interesting hotel within walking distance of Victora station and Buckingham Palace. its decor is &quot;old world colonial&quot; which you either like or hate. There is a formal feel to the hotel, which again is down to personal preference.The service is excellent as is the food, but it can be on the pricey side. As the hotel is a old building creaky floors are omnipresent but some rooms are quiet noisey, these are typically the small single rooms, which are also very pokey, no view etc.Dont get me wrong its a fine place, but you must like the old world feel ( and sounds).	
Sep 2 2008 	Fabulous place to stay	We just stayed at the Rubens for 4 nights in the busiest time of the year for London, and I absolutely loved the entire place! The staff was fantastic, from the check-in to room service to the concierge. The rooms are very plush, although a bit small. The location is fabulous - right around the corner from Buckingham palace and a short walk to Victoria Station! I highly recommend the Palace if you want to feel VERY catered to!	
Aug 31 2008 	An amazing 	The staff of this hotel is so friendly &amp; so polite, starting with the reservation. I had a lot of questions and the staff was always friendly and very polite. It was a really a pleasure! The room (king size bed) is maybe a little bit small but the room was wonderful also very comfortable bed. The hotel is also very clean which we do appreciate a lot! the english breakfast is overwhelming and excellent! the afternoon tea in the hotel is the best of london, we could compare this with the afternoon tea of Fortnum &amp; Mason but the afternoon tea in the hotel was better also with live piano music, so very british!We are so pleased of this hotel that we come back to the rubens in december for x-mas!	
Aug 28 2008 	I just Love this Hotel (But don't tell)	I don't really want to write a review about this Hotel; because I don't really want to let the Secret out of the bag. You are probably familiar with it's location very close to Victoria, so for exploring London it is excellent. It's one of the friendliest and most efficient Hotels I have stayed in for many a year. I have been fortunate to travel around the World and this includes London and for efficient and friendly service this one is fabulous and hard to fault. From the initial booking error which was MY FAULT, it was corrected to the deal that I wanted without fuss or traumor which allowed me to relax and enjoy my stay immediately. The staff are very eager to please and very attentive but this is done in a relaxed and friendly manner which does not appear in anyway false but the staff seemed truely eager and passionate about their duties. I have stayed here twice in the past 3 months and for a change my normal grimace at the tought of staying in a London Hotel; The Rubens at the Palace is a stay I am actually now looking Forward to.Before you book have a look at the web-site under offers as these seem to change seasonally and you can make quite significant savings over the standard adverstised room rate and I would advise to book on their website direct as I could not find a cheaper deal on any of the usual sites.Eleven out of ten for me on this one but SShhhhhh.	
Aug 24 2008 	Go Here !!!!!!!!!!!	Everything about this Establishment is Ultra 1st Class.. I think even her Majesty would'nt be disappointed here. Idealy located and service exceptional booked thru Hotel Direct for a good rate. Felt like royalty for 2 days try L'arco italian Bistro 100yrds to your left yummy	
Aug 22 2008 	OK but not justified at the price.	Stayed here for 5 nights with 3 teenage children. Easy walk even with suitcase from Victoria Station although getting out of the station and in the right direction quite confusing. Good location for Buckingham Palace, easy walk down the Mall to Trafalgar Square and National Gallery as well as Westminster Abbey.The room was just ok. Kind of heavy, ponderous decor, too noisy a street to open windows. Main bed comfortable, the pull out sofa was uncomfortable (even for a pull out sofa, I am not a fussy sleeper) and the cot added to the room truly bad. Nice bathroom. Breakfast was expensive (10 pds which is about $22.50 per person for North Americans) and not very good. Orange juice tasted like it was from a can or crystal mix. &quot;Fried&quot; eggs are in fact dropped into about 1/2 inch of oil/grease and are essentially deep fried. Granted this is typical of British breakfasts but the whole thing was not very special for nearly $100 for the four of us.\There is a 15 pound charge/24 hours for use of internet in your room. Again, that is $34 for North Americans. When a room is costing greater than $300/night, i think it is criminal that they should charge this amount for this service. They should be embarrassed in fact. In summary, we found the hotel to be just ordinary and ultimately poor value for the money. London is a very expensive town for lodging but should be able to do better than this.	
Aug 18 2008 	Our home in London!	We come to London on holiday every August and since we discovered the Rubens we could never stay anywhere else! The location is fantastic, the rooms are comfortable and the staff are so welcoming and friendly - it really is like a home from home for us!Mr Hendry, the General Manger, Saiid, the bar Manager, the whole concierge team and Nathan the doorman - all of them made our stay the treat that it was - and always is! The hotel may be opposite the Royal Mews but here you get treated like royalty every day of your stay!	
Aug 13 2008 	A Crown Jewel in London	My husband and I were so pleased with the personal attention given to our needs. The rooms were clean neat and comfortably furnished. The resturants were excellent, and we were able to experience a full English breakfast.	
Aug 12 2008 	Very Elegant Hotel	My Husband and I, stayed at this hotel for one night, as a Theatre break (we recommend Billy Elliot at the Victoria Palace , only a few minutes walk from the hotel) We were welcomed by the friendly staff in reception, upon our arrival. Our room was not quite ready, and so we were shown into the bar area, and given complimentary coffee. When we got to our room, we were immediately impressed by the traditional decor, mixed with modern facilities. The bed linen felt devine, I was later told that it is Egyptian cotton!! The tea/coffe making facilities in the room, is a nice convenience, and when I asked for more milk, it came to us within minutes. We also had a very informative chat with Joao, he started working for the hotel in 1977 as a Bell Boy, and is now the Deputy Head Concierge, he told us about the many changes he has seen over the years, and how different things used to be, it was very interesting. The decor throughout the hotel is very Regal with lots of atmosphere.......a real treat! The buffet breakfast was lovely, presented well, with plenty of choice and in such beautiful surroundings. The hotel is well located for sightseeing too, only minutes from Buckingham Palace etc and near to Westminster's attractions. (Try eating at the noodle noodle restaurant, along the road at no.18, the food is delicious!) We would stay at this hotel again, and recommend that others do the same!	
Aug 4 2008 	Rubens was Royal!	We stayed for 2 nights for a 10th wedding anniversary. Our children (6 and 9) came with us. Excellent location, opposite the Royal Mews. The staff were very welcoming and attentive from the moment we arrived. Flowers had been previoulsy arranged and were waiting for my wife in our room, newly refurbished and plush. The room had a large bed and a sofa- bed. We stuck one of the kids in bed with us, the sofa-bed was too small for both children - perhaps this 'family' room would be too small for older children? Breakfast was excellent - we pre-paid and got it slighlty cheaper. Comfortable lounge to relax in after sight-seeing. attentive staff here also. Ate dinner in the carvery restaurant one evening, good food - lovely dessert, but expensive for 2 adults, 2 children.It was a surprise destination for my wife - and she loved it!	
Aug 3 2008	Watch out for the safe	We were in London for 1 night and went to see a play at the Victoria Theater. The Rubens was walking distance from the theater and there are mnany restaurants nearby. The hotel was very nice and the staff helpful. 2 words of caution: the rooms are pretty small. They are nice but tiny. Also, as we were packing up to check out and catch our flight, the safe in-room crashed. It held our passports and my laptop. It took the staff about 45 min to find the machine that overides the safe and we very nearly missed our flight. The safe was the same type used in all hotels and so I would get your things out the night before you are leaving just to be safe.	
Aug 1 2008 	A real pleasure	Being fortunate in being invited to the palace[the bigger one across the road]we decided to book a hotel to match the special occasion.We did not expect too much being a city hotel which can often lack charm and a genuinely happy and efficient workforce.We were however BOWLED OVER by the entire experience....from the doorman Nathan to the general manager Mr Hendry .....all were a credit to the UK and the hotel industry. I will not go into minutae..... but suffice to say the Queen is unlikely to invite me again....but I will definitely be booking the Rubens again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Exceptionally Outstanding Hotel!	My sister and I just returned from our London vacation and I have to say that our stay at the Rubens was the best part of our trip. We were there for 6 nights, and there's absolutely nothing that we could find to complain about this hotel.The moment we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the staff who were most helpful to us. Our luggage was taken from us and immediately taken up to our room. Our room was on the front side of the building facing the Royal Mews, lovely view, especially in the morning when the sun is rising. The shower in the bathroom was amazing! Wish I could have brought it home with me. The staff at the Rubens is the nicest, most courteous staff I have ever met. I've traveled quite a bit in the past few years, and have stayed at many hotels, and I have to say that this is the best I have ever stayed at and will definitely be returning there when I go back to London. I've already told all my friends to be sure that this is where they stay when they go and will continue to recommend this fine hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	A Passion for Excellence	This is not the cheapest London hotel but if you are prepared to pay a little more - you should have a wonderful experience.The whole team from check in to restaurant staff were exceptionally friendly and very helpful. The rooms were delightful - such a change from the standard hotel room. Little touches like asking whether we wanted blankets or duvets make a big difference. Strawberries, mineral water and enough pillows in the room were wonderful. We were even greeted by a letter of welcome from the manager.Nothing was too much trouble and the food in the Old Masters restaurant was excellent. A n excellent hotel and a unique place to stay!!	
Jul 17 2008 	Fit for a Queen	We were a little overwhelmed by the number of hotel choices in London and are happy to say we definitely made the right choice. Location is ideal for visiting so many of the sites and is also conveniently located to a tube stop and the sightseeing bus stop. We stayed in a king room. It was beautifully appointed and we had plenty of room (although some would probably still consider it small by U.S. standards). The shower was amazing - great water pressure. The staff are outstanding -- they fulfilled every request and made us feel at home (only there 3 days, but Dave the concierge remembered our names when we'd stop by). We also took advantage of completing the pre-arrival concierge checklist which made our stay even more special. The breakfast buffet is very good and dinner in the carvery is a treat. It was a little more expensive than the other hotels we stayed at on our trip, but it was well worth the little splurge. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 13 2008	best in london	stopped in lots of hotels in london, this is by far the best, great location, service and standardsrooms are excellently decorated, not the biggest but the rest of the experience makes up for this.	
Jul 10 2008	Service +	We required a hotel near to the Houses of Parliament. The Rubens is in a very good location. As we entered the hotel our bags were taken from us and we checked in. First impressions count and we were indeed impressed with the service and friendliness. Our room was to say the least, very small. No where to put our case! No room to turn around. Having said that it was spotless clean. A varied choice of breakfast and very good too, cost £17.00. Unfortunately the carvery closes at 7.00pm and we decided on a meal in the bar. Again the service is excellent. I had &quot;Best Fish &amp; Chips in London&quot; (hotels words) £17.00 and a pint of beer at £4.50, the food and drinks prices are well over the top. Our previous night in London was at the Rennassance and food and drink was considerably cheaper. We would go to the Rubens again, provided we could get a decent sized room. Service, service and service is the Rubens asset. Not so sure about the dining options!	
Jul 5 2008 	Amazing service ideal location	I'm an American who lived in London for 2 years, and currently live in Dublin. I travel to London for business on a semi-regular basis, and as such am looking mainly for a friendly hotel, conveniently located to my company with the needed amenities. The Rubens hotel fit the bill in every way. In fact the hotel was so pleasant that it was one of the rare occasions where I actually wished that I could extend the trip beyond my one planned night.Immediately on arrival, I was overwhelmed by the genuine hospitality of the staff. I was in a rush, and my bags were taken to my room immediately. When I returned from my meetings, I was thrilled to find a bowl of strawberries in my room (I'd indicated that this was my favorite fruit). I'd selected a single room, so the room was small, but neverthless completely appropriate for my needs. It had individual climate control, and high-speed Internet access. While I unfortunately didn't have the chance to try the food in the restaurant, I did enjoy a glass of champagne in the bar. The service was impeccable, and I was served several bar snacks while I drank my champagne (had a choice of several different champagne types).After I checked out of the hotel, I received a followup email inquiring about my stay, and a response to my one (very minor) suggestion for improvement. This was a very nice touch, and I truly think that this was the best service that I have had at any establishment in London, and some of the best service that I have had anywhere. I hope to return to this hotel on another occasion for a weekend trip when I can really enjoy the location and hospitality. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 4 2008 	Exceptional stay!	What a great hotel! We stayed here on the first leg of our European honeymoon jaunt. The staff made our stay at The Rubens the best of the hotels we stayed at while in London as well as on the Continent. Other reviewers comment about the small rooms, and I agree that they are tiny. However, the size of the rooms was offset by the attentive service, the great location, and the overall charm of the property. No where else in Europe did the staff take the time to remember our names, where we were from, or make recommendations at the bar knowing what our favorites drinks were. It was also the only property that gave us complimentary bottled water - sparkling and still - each day.Spectacular!	
Jun 23 2008 	Nice hotel but small rooms	My 16 year old niece and I stayed three nights at the Rubens. I booked a Royal Room for her (I requested the Queen Victoria and got it) and a king size room for myself with an exercise bike in the room and a view of the Royal Mews. Both rooms were small (hers was tiny), but beautifully decorated and very clean. Looks just like the pics on the website but rooms are smaller. My niece loved the Queen Victoria room and she also had a view of the Mews. Beds were soft and comfortable with tons of pillows and a huge v-shaped pillow I had requested on the guest preference form. I found the room very quiet with the windows closed -- floors creaked a little when walking the hallways but I did not hear any of this from my room. TV does not get a lot of channels and pay-for-view movies are limited. DVD player in the Royal Room but not in my king room. Rooms were well serviced -- a hotel staffperson even came around every morning to ask if we were satisfied -- and we had twice daily maid service with turndown.I filled out the Guest Preference forms in advance and ordered roses for my niece's room -- I requested flowers priced at 35 GBP. What a surprise when we walked into her room and saw a stunning arrangement of FIVE DOZEN red roses in a vase by her window! Checkin took a little time as the desk clerk we talked with was new and did not know immediately that I had booked two rooms rather than one, but this was straightened out easily. A gentleman brought our luggage into the lobby from the taxi and my niece (not knowing how much to tip) gave him a five pound note before he had taken the luggage up to our rooms. We got the impression after he delivered the bags to our rooms that he expected another tip(!!) He was friendly though. We did not have a chance to meet the doorman named Nathan mentioned in earlier reviews because he only worked weekdays and we were there on a weekend.The head concierge, Dave, was not as helpful as we expected. We asked him where in London we could find Queen's guards that we could actually walk up to (not behind gates). He hurriedly replied that there was no such thing and that we should go see the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace next day. He then hurried on to talk to another guest. We later asked a younger concierge the same question and he took out a map and directed us to Horse Guards at Whitehall where my niece was able to actually walk up to a guard next day and talk to him (rather furtively, as they are not supposed to move or talk while on official duty). The (very handsome) guard even ended up asking her on a date and giving her his cell number!! So we were glad we had talked to more than one concierge at the hotel.The breakfast, which was free and part of our package deal, was marvellous, a huge buffet (biggest I've ever seen) with so many selections we were a bit overwhelmed at first. You should definitely experience this amazing breakfast display! Very elegantly presented, and we also enjoyed the free carvery dinner although the Scottish roast beef was a little tough.Location spectacular, short walk from Buckingham Palace and two royal parks, St. James Park and Green Park, wonderful for strolling. Also a Sainsbury's supermarket a 10 minute walk away that is open till midnight every night.We would recommend the Rubens without hesitation and will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 19 2008	Wonderfull staff	We came back from London last sunday night staying at rubens for 3 nights, was so impressed with it all , staff were best ever and the hotel it.s self is so clean and tidy. We had beautifull meal.s and champayne on ice when we arrived could,nt ask for more!. My husband is a wheel chair user and his dignity was maintened at all times during the stay. Would go back tomorrow if i could! I think this was the best hotel we have ever stayed in and i am very fussy. Had a 3 course meal on saturday night with coffee and a bottle of wine for only £49 for London price.s I thought that was very good it was a buffet breakfast with everything you can imagine to eat there.	
Jun 13 2008 	Loved the Rubens	My mum and I stayed for the weekend and had a fabulous time. We were upgraded to a king size room which was fabulous. The Library resturant is a must the food is the best I've ever tasted. Do order the breakfast it is a little pricey but well worth it. I would recommend this hotel to everyone, and would love to stay their again. Staff go out of their way to please you and make you feel really special.Great base to see round London and just round the corner from the palace which was great.I hope everyone enjoys their stay as much as mum and I did.	
Jun 3 2008 	A more traditional hotel 	We chose this hotel based upon reading reviews. It made a perfect base for this portion of our trip, walking about and doing touristy London activites.WOULD I STAY HERE AGAIN? Certainly. 100%PROS: -The young man that assisted to our room was a delight, very helpful, very polite, staff always made us feel welcome returning to the hotel each time we came in-Room was clean with nice linens and a a great view across to the Royal Mews (which were closed for visiting this time of year), this is what we looked out across the road to whilst lying in bed-Made for perfect walks down to Buckingham, through Green Park or down towards the Thames-Close to the Apollo Victoria Theatre where we saw WICKED which was a treat (theatre is outside of Victoria Station)-4 blocks in US terms, quick 5 minute walk in Brit terms to Victoria station (tube, train, travel agents, shops) Very close to restaurants, Boots, small grocers for amenities you may need)-Nice Blenheim bottled water each day (still &amp; sparkling)CONS:-Room was very, very small, as in our luggage took up 80% of the floor space and left 20% for us to navigate around. I know this is typical for large cities and older hotels but we were spoiled by VERY large rooms at the Renaissance Chancery Court &amp; Marriott County Hall on other stays-Double (small) bed in our room, we had wanted a large King to snuggle up in at night as it was January in London (quite cold!) but King bed not available despite being reserved-Floors creak quite a bit, are noisy when people walk down the hallWe would stay again and hope to do so (with less luggage or larger room, ha ha) because location and quality are superb.	
May 30 2008 	Luxury Comfort Great Staff and Location	Given the fair pricing of this 4 star luxury boutique and its location near Buckingham Palace, Green Park, St. James's Park and Victoria Station, I decided to give the Rubens a try. I stayed a few nights in an Executive King Room with a friend and one night in a Standard by myself. I was not disappointed and while there and when I departed I was so happy with my choice. The rooms and hotel were one of the cleanest places I've ever stayed. The Executive King room had two beds, as we requested (hard to find sometimes), was spacious, and had great amentities (free bottled water, hair dryer, a/c, nice shower/tub). The Standard was the real surprising pleaser though. It was gorgeous, luxurious, comfortably spacious and seemed to have the same amenitites as the Executive King room (except no tub, which I didn't care about). The Rubens did not skimp even though it was a Standard. The staff at the Rubens were the most friendly and accomodating staff I had come across in my stays in my travels. They really wanted to help and really wanted you to have a pleasant time. They were happy to be at the Rubens and helping you, and it showed. When I got quite ill one night and the following day, one staff member took responsibility to make sure I had proper care and my needs were met. They found me a doctor through the hotel's contract with doctors, made special food for me in the kitchen, and even called to check on me. After my trip, I received an email asking me for my thoughts about my stay. I replied with a few very minor constructive thoughts. I was so impressed when the General Manager responded to my email to tell me what actions he had taken to address my comments. They actually took action and didn't just ignore my thoughts or say thanks ever so much. Really impressive. My friend and I went all over London while there, and being near Victoria Station made it easy to get everywhere, including the theater. As side notes, there are little things that made for a pleasant stay, some of which are - complimentary apples in the lobby, in-hotel restaurants, high tea, small little events that are hosted by the hotel and posted each day (i.e., cocktail grazing this evening in the hotel bar, which was three very different vodka based drinks for a very reasonable price). The Rubens went out of their way before my friend and I even arrived to accomodate some timing issues we had with our plans in London. I cannot recommend the Rubens highly enough. I hope you consider staying here.	
May 23 2008 	Rubens at the Palace lovely hotel wonderful location	This was our fifth stay at Rubens and everytime it has been a wonderfully relaxing experience. We have never had any cause for complaint about the welcome or the service, which is always warm and friendly. There is a fabulous choice at breakfast. If you want a special evening meal the Library restaurant is excellent, where the food is first class and the service attentive. We always look forward to our next visit.	
May 18 2008 	Great Stay at Rubens!	We stayed here for a few nights in 2006 and could not have been happier with this hotel. Our room was newly decorated and looked exactly like the rooms featured on the hotel's website. Great location -- there are good pubs and restaurants nearby and it is a stone's throw from Buckingham Palace. We highly recommend this hotel.	
May 16 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at The Rubens as it was a gift from our Son for my 60th Birthday. We were welcomed personally by the manager and from the moment we stepped into the hotel were made to feel that we were special guests, the service from the staff was outstanding, the best that we personally have ever received. The food at the carvery was so good I ate too much, and then didn't have room for the fabulous breakfast the next morning, but my husband did justice to it. We loved the room and felt like honeymooners even though we have been married 40 years. The location is excellent and we walked to every major tourist attraction. We arrived by National Express coaches and it’s just a short walk from Victoria bus station and Victoria train station. I would like to thank all the staff for an enjoyable stay and we would love to come go one day.	
Apr 24 2008 	Well Worth The Visit	We prefer to take short breaks in London to sightsee and watch West End shows, and have stayed at a number of different hotels over the years. We spent two nights at The Rubens at the Palace to celebrate a birthday in April 2008. It was our first visit. We became aware of the hotel following e-mail from American Express promoting a members package with Red Carnation Hotels.The hotel was booked online. The Webb site was clear and very easy to use. It was particularly impressive because of the “personal room options” available. These included choices of blankets or duvets; three choices of pillows, and others (some at cost) of flowers, fruit, Champagne and the like. Various packages and options were available and I think any not listed could be catered for!On arrival at the hotel, a smartly uniformed doorman who politely offered assistance with our bags greeted our taxi. The exterior and interior lobby was bright, clear, efficient and very impressive. The Reception staff greeted and welcomed us, taking a genuine interest in our visit and plans. A casual comment that we had not been able to secure tickets for a particular show prompted an immediate offer to attempt to obtain them for us.The lifts to the upper floors are small (four persons with no baggage). The corridors are fairly narrow, but certainly not claustrophobic. The building is bright and immaculately clean throughout.We stayed in a Kings Room choosing not to pay a supplement for a view over the gardens. The room was furnished with functional, quality furniture. The bed was a full King size with crisp white linen and exceptionally comfortable. The hotel was quite busy during our stay, but there was no noise or disturbance at night either from passing traffic or other guests. The bathroom was large and functional with toilet, bath and shower together with the usual expected items and bathrobes. The rooms are not cluttered with unnecessary items. I think we may have experienced some difficulty if we had four large suitcases with us.The anticipated Champagne on ice and fresh strawberries were waiting for our arrival together with a personal handwritten letter from the Customer service person welcoming us to the hotel and acknowledging the purpose of our stay was the birthday celebration. A very nice and personal touch! Freshly picked Carnation flowers and fruit adorn various parts of the hotel and rooms.Without exception, all members of staff were polite, courteous and anxious to help in any way possible. In many hotels, this can appear intrusive and oppressive, but at the Ruben, it is achieved in a way that is discreet. The staff are in the background. The Ruben Hotel is for the guests, not the staff and their sole objective seems to be to ensure that the guests are happy. It is many years since I have witnessed hotel staff taking a genuine pride and enjoyment in their work, their eye for perfection and detail is unrivalled, and this is probably what make The Rubens stand out from the multitude of other London hotels.The range of available breakfasts is unrivalled, visually spectacular, appetising and tasty. The Chef cooks eggs of your preference and to order.The evening meal for our special occasion was taken in the Library at the hotel, a small intimate restaurant on the lower ground floor. The service was perfect; the menu was extensive, but not pretentious. Even if you are a wine expert, ask for help choosing the wine to guarantee the perfect accompaniment to the perfect meal.I have never written this type of report previously, but I do believe that praise is appropriate where effort and dedication and a high level of achievement have been obtained. The Rubens At The Palace is a real gem in the London Crown. We are eager to visit again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Perfect Location For a Short Stay	We wanted a room in central London for a one-night stay following a trans-Atlantic cruise on the QE2, the Ruben at the Palace was perfect.The room was a king over looking the Royal Mews (stable &amp; garage) and very elegantly decorated. The $20.00/person English breakfast was a deal for London.It was a short walk to the &quot;Tube&quot; giving us access to an inexpensive mode of transportation to the city. Buckingham Palace was several blosk away in the opposite direction.Staff was very attentive and pleasant to deal with.	
Apr 21 2008 	The Rubens is a little palace!	I booked a special treat for my wife's birthday - to see a London West End show and fit in some sightseeing and a trip to Earl's Court to the Ideal Home Exhibition.We travelled from Norfolk by train which is about 2hrs and then took a tube-train from Liverpool Street to Victoria. From the tube to The Rubens was less than 5 minutes walking.This hotel is a little gem. Blink and you may just walk past without realising there is a hotel there at all. Situated right opposite Buckingham Palace Mews we were lucky to be on the 4th floor with the views across to the Palace.On arrival we were greeted with a very courteous doorman closely followed by an equally courteous and friendy receptionist. Although we had arrived at 11am and we did not expect our room to be available until 2pm we were informed that it was ready for us straight away!We were more than pleased with the ambience, decor and most of all the friendly, helpful, courteous staff from the moment we stepped through the front door. Nothing was too much trouble (we left our bags with the concierge after we checked out on the Sunday and whilst we visited Earl's Court). We have never experienced a hotel where every member of staff is willing, able and is so customer focused. They are a credit to the hotel.What makes this hotel special? The staff. The decor. The staff. The location. The staff. The little touches (see the website http://www.rubenshotel.com/) and lastly....you've guessed....The staff!Would we go back? No hesitation!	
Apr 16 2008 	Outstanding Performer	My wife and I spent 2 days at The Rubens at the Palace and we enjoyed a 5*Star perfornance from a 4*Star rated hotel. We cannot fault any of the services provided and the commitment from all of the staff was outstanding. By comparison, in February, we spent 3 days at a well-known 5Star London hotel and paid a much larger room rate and restaurant bill for a much poorer quality of service.Joe &amp; Vera Emmerson	
Apr 10 2008	Short stay at the Rubens	Stayed at the Rubens At The Palace on Sunday 3rd March 2008 prior to going to Buckingham Palce to pick up a Butler Trust Award. The Butler Trust had booked out the whole of the hotel due to it being very close to the palace. We left our bags with the concierge first thing on Sunday morning then checked in later on in the afternoon. We were in a double room on the first floor and the room was really nice with an extremely 'huge' bed. We had dinner at the hotel on The Sunday evening which was excellent and the breakfast the following morning was fantastic. All in all it was a very short stay at the hotel but everything was excellent apart from the cost of drinks at the bar which were over the top to say the least.	
Mar 31 2008 	Pure Bliss	my husband and i stayed here, when we were going to the 02 arena to see the eagles,we couldnt have been more pleased when we arrived outside this stunning hotel. from the minute you step inside you are truly looked after, the rooms are spotless, the staff pleasent and attentive, without being over fussy. the breakfast was simply delicious all you could possibly want and more, rooms had tea and coffee making facilities, bathroom was fully equiped with all you will need, so you dont have to carry you r own shampoo etc. they even provide lovely white bath robes. there was not one thing we disliked, and we have travelled all over the place, we would highly recommend this hotel. worth every penny, and right in the heart of london so really easy to get around. we will be staying at the rubens next time we go to london.	
Mar 26 2008 	Absolutely perfect!	I decided to treat myself to a really nice night in London, and booked this hotel through a booth at Victoria Station. When I arrived, I'd hardly got out of my taxi before the doorman took my suitcase and escorted me inside...the Oriental lady who checked me in was absolutely charming, as indeed were the rest of the staff. My room was beautifully furnished, with a great view and a lovely comfortable bed - there was a very comprehensive folder on the table detailing all the services provided in the hotel, which would certainly be useful to anyone visiting London for the first time. I went down to the bar for a late night snack and drink - if you're partial to chocolate martinis, the Rubens makes one of the best I've ever tasted! After a great night's sleep, I went down for a breakfast that set me up for the rest of the day...everything from yogurt, cold meat and cheese through to a help yourself hot buffet was available. All in all, a thoroughly enjoyable stay, and I thoroughly recommend the Rubens!	
Mar 24 2008 	best i've stayed in london	what can i say - location couldn't be better, staff all helpful and friendly from the moment we stepped through the doors. if booking do it over the phone- we ended up paying 1/2 of what we would have paid online with the receptionist giving us a special weekend rate.i'd booked a single and double room. they ended up being almost the same size with the single bed being a good size.rooms and public areas all kept clean. went for a meal in the library restaurant, unfortunatly this did let the hotel down slightly.the service was incredably slow- first course at 8.30 and there till 11. ordered a well-done steak but it came pink in the middle (i would say that was medium) said to waitress who took it without hesitation to the chef who proceeded to cremate it. it was so burnt it was hard to cut!!the breakfast was however amazing-a buffet with anything you could think of to have for breakfast! room service was excellent- prompt and friendly service. we did go to an american steak house across from victoria station the second night. excellent!!nothing fancy, quick and tasty. if your travelling around london i would recommend jumping on the tube- helps to avoid the traffic. in all i was very impressed, stayed in london a few times and this was 10 times better than any other hotel stayed in. we will be going back.	
Mar 18 2008 	Good not great	Just returned from six days at the Rubens with my daughter. The check in after a very long flight was a bit annoying, had booked a twin, overlooking the park with breakfast and was given a double not overlooking the park no breakfast. Went back to reception to sort it out and they suggested we just pull the beds apart. I explained I would prefer an actual double and they assigned one but still not overlooking the palace(I paid an additional 20 pounds for this but it really is not something I would recommend its a busy road and you look into a parking lot at the palace) I pointed this and the breakfast out again and they eventually arranged the room. The rooms are relatively small but workable. The shower head is very low and couldn't be used by someone more than 5'3 comfortably. The water pressure is very good. Bring your own shampoo , the hotel provides a shampoo conditioner combo that leaves alot to be desired. My biggest disappointment was the housekeeping. The room was relatively clean on check in but not properly cleaned again in the six days we were there. Splilled a bit of coffee on the desk and was still there when we returned in the evening, left it to see what would happen and was still there next night. The floors didn't get vacummed and several times would find dirty glasses and coffee not replenished.Splilled lotion on the sheets of one bed and instead of changing the sheets just made up the bed with the dirty sheets. I left a note and a tip requesting a sheet change the next day. Again not terrible but enough to be annoying. The highlight of the hotel is their concierge John, he is very helpfull and terrific at making you feel like anything you want is of course no problem. He impressed us with booking excellent seats last minute for a very popular show. Arranged many other activities and even had the presence of mind to remind us what we had booked for the next day. His efforts made our stay.There is also a young waiter in the dining room from China who never failed to remember all the little things that made breakfast pleasant. Overall a nice hotel.	
Mar 6 2008 	Simply Perfect	For anyone considering a place to stay in the heart of London at a realistic price and requiring a level of service you would only find at a 5 or 6 star hotel you will not be disappointed at the Rubens At The Palace.Location for west end theatres excellent, location for city sightseeing excellent, attention to detail from staff absolutely fantastic, facilities in the room first class. Food excellent and terrific value. Cant wait to go back.	
Mar 5 2008 	smart and attentive front desk	We were only staying one night and we had booked three rooms. We arrived before the official check in time and two out of the three rooms were ready straight away.The rooms were on the side street and there was hardly any noise. The rooms were compact and well appointed, very cute blue stripes and the walls were padded. Very much like a dolls house.I had ordered champagne for one of the rooms and it arrived as we arrived at the room. The ceiling shower is a good idea and felt like being in a warm rain shower. The third room was 103 and was decorated differently. Huge bathroom and a bit bigger in size. The reception staff were very helpful with a slightly later check out. The food prices in the bar/lounge are VERY pricey. £16 for fish and chips or thai curry! also in the bar we had 4 soft drinks and one alcoholic and it came to £25. Also one of the porters was quite miserable which was a shame.All in all an excellent place, particularly if you are visiting Buckingham Palace and within easy walk through Green Park to Piccadilly. Victoria is 5/7 mins walk. Plenty of restaurants in the area too.	
Feb 29 2008 	Nice place great customer service would definitely stay again	We stayed during the first week of October, 2007. The room was small, but nicely furnished and had a view directly across from the Royal Mews. I expected the room to be small, as I reserved the absolute &quot;cheapest&quot; room I could find on the internet, which was a special rate on the hotel's own website. The service was excellent. They held our bags until our room was ready (it was ready before their official check-in time) so we could go sight-seeing. When I called to say the keyboard for internet access wasn't working, they brought up another one *immediately* - I had barely hung up the phone. When I filled in a comment card and dropped it off in the lobby, the hotel contacted me that very evening, and also wrote a follow-up letter and e-mail to me after I had returned home.The location is great - a couple of blocks from Victoria Station in one direction, and a very short walk to Buckingham Palace in the other.I only had dinner there one night so can't comment extensively on the dinner food, but the full breakfast was good (included in the special room rate). Would definitely recommend this hotel, with only &quot;negative&quot; being the room/beds that we had were quite small and the drain in the shower was slow.	
Feb 29 2008 	Something special	A fantastic night's stay with some of the best service I've experienced in London from the door man, to the check in and through to the breakfast service.The room was a bit noisy in the morning due to redecoration work taking place, but other than that it was a great stay. Would definitely return.	
Feb 25 2008	very nice stay	We stayed here for a long weekend in February. The staff were excellent, very attentive. We had a small problem with noise while some renovations were being carried out and when we brought this to their attention we were moved immediately.Restaurant was very good (although quite expensive) especially for breakfast. The staff in the restaurant were worthy of a 5 star rating, excellent in every way.The rooms were small and a little dated although we moved to an executive king room and this was much roomier and more comfortable. I would suggest anyone looking to have a comfortable stay to go for exec king or higher.Overall I would say that this is a very comfortable, classy, well run hotel in a great location, with staff that really do try their best to make your stay as nice as possible. I would definitely stay here again	
Feb 24 2008	Nice hotel!	Very clean, good staff. Our heat wasn't working, and they fixed it right away. Kind of a small and cramped hotel, but the room was a decent size, and decorated nicely. It's a jump to Buckingham Palace, and the Victoria Line is about 2 blocks away. It's not centrally located, but on a nice day you can walk to Trafalgar Square.	
Feb 24 2008 	Good spot near Victoria and Buckingham Palace	We've stayed here a couple times now and all and all it was a good stay. There are many trainees at the location it seems as our visits were a couple months apart and there has been construction at the hotel in Jan and Feb of 2008.Rooms are clean as our bathrooms. You'll get a good English buffet breakfast downstairs and the staff are relatively helpful.You're often going to pay a lot for a hotel in London and given the location to the tube/Vic station and the famous sights this is a good spend. Note - the front desk will charge you in your home currency (Euro/US) if you'd prefer at checkout.	
Feb 15 2008	Still a fantastic place to stay	The Rubens still delivers the standards that its Previous General Manager Jonathan Raggats delivered. Rooms have been upgraded and the service and staff remain outstanding.A great location if your staying in Victoria.Had a great stay as always.	
Feb 6 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!	We stayed at Rubens at the Palace during a post-cruise stay in London. We booked it because of the fantastic rate we received from the hotel's website and because of the reviews here. We were not disappointed! The entire staff went out of their way to do everything they could to make our stay wonderful. I am still talking about their wonderful English breakfast, and would stay there again just for that! Our room was much larger than I expected (standard double) after reading some reviews on this website. The decor was wonderful and very unique. There is not one complaint I could make about Rubens at the Palace and I am looking forward to staying there again!	
Jan 27 2008 	Nothing out of the ordinary	I stayed at the Rubens with my two teenage daughters - I got a good deal and having read the reviews was expecting something special. I booked via London Town.com and telephoned them in advance to check that the room booked could accommmodate 3. They telephoned the hotel and confirmed that it would be a bit cramped but could be done. We arrived at noon and were advised that the room was not ready. I registered and we left our bags with the concierge. We returned at 2.30 and I was asked to wait. They then told me that the room I had booked would not accomodate the extra bed and they had no executive rooms available - it seemed like it was my problem. When I showed them the confirmation which clearly stated 3 adults &amp; told them I had checked in advance they wanted to know who I had spoken to etc. Eventually they reluctantly agreed to upgrade me to a junior suite and the manager did ring once we were in the room to see if everything was in order. I still felt like a second class citizen, our bags I noticed were left on the staircase, not in the concierge's room, when I asked about the London Eye tickets included in the package, I was again questioned and had to &quot;prove&quot; entitlement, when we left the concierge could hardly be bothered to get our bags, gave us one short, and although we had 7 bags between the 3 of us didn't offer to hold the door. The room itself was ok - comfy bed, decent shower and mostly clean although there were some dubious marks on the bathroom door. Nothing above average about the stay, although I noticed other customers receiving a better level of service. Breakfast was OK - the usual self service although eggs cooked to order. I would only stay again if the if was cheap.	
Jan 20 2008 	Just as fantastic a second time	We stayed at the Rubens over New Years. This was our second visit to the Rubens. The hotel won our hearts in March 2005, when like previous reviewers, we were treated like “regulars.” And what we really were was an American family of jet lagged, sleep-deprived nobodies – with obviously shallow pockets. But that mattered little to Nathan, the Rubens debonair doorman, who whisked us out of our cab and deposited us in the lobby as if we were visiting dignitaries (in my mind he has morphed into Superman, actually physically lifting us out of the cab). From there, the concierge – “Dave the Magnificent” – took over, making us feel like the most important people in all of London. Really, we thought they had mistaken us for some other family. But it was just the start. We had a thoroughly wonderful stay. It was the little things that won us – like housekeeping wrapping our son’s teddy bear in his well-worn security blanket each day, and then placing the bear on our son’s pillow. It was a genuine and friendly vibe that we experienced, not the formal bow down stuffy treatment some upper echelon places misguidedly hand out. Then after handing in our comments at checkout, we received a personal letter back in the US from the general manager thanking us for our stay and our thoughts. There was no question that we would return the Rubens…if we ever got back to London.And recently we were lucky enough to return to London - and smart enough to return to the Rubens. Nathan again welcomed us outside, and we even got a welcome from the deputy general manager for returning. Nothing had slipped since our last visit. It was the same friendly atmosphere, the rooms are still well maintained (bathrooms spotless), housekeeping was flawless, breakfast was full and hearty – really, it was as close to “home” as we’ve ever felt in a hotel. And somehow Dave remembered us from nearly three years ago. There was quite a little reunion moment for us all in the lobby – the people watching must have thought we were somebody really important! On our final night we ended up in one of those travel induced states of exhaustion (stemming from three earlier sleepless nights in Paris), and ordered room service for dinner. At every turn this was handled superbly. The order was taken with precision; the food was delivered in 20 minutes and presented well; and finally, the food was hot and very good. Nothing in London is a bargain these days, but we got our money’s worth that evening in terms of quality and convenience. Our family has done very well at the Rubens. We read Trip Advisor before our first visit, so we were ready for European sized rooms and some squeaky flooring. But we found these things to be non-issues. The staff of the hotel couldn’t be more welcoming, and the location is fantastic. Both times we’ve found the best deals (including full breakfast) through the hotel’s web site. And it pays to keep checking and to see what kinds of packages are being offered. We initially booked in September, then in November the Rubens started offering a Holiday package that gave us more goodies and saved us almost $200. It was no problem to change our booking through the web site. Also, we’ve had nothing but above board dealings with the concierge team. When we were trying to get tickets to a New Years Day football (soccer) match, the very first thing Nathan made clear was that the hotel would take no cut of the transaction. The cost would be exactly what the ticket agent was charging. And when we were leaving, Nathan and Dave pointed out to us that for three people going to Heathrow, the cost of a cab was actually cheaper than the cost of the Heathrow Express train. We did the math – and they were right. We forgot to add in the 20 pounds in cab fare that it costs to get to and from Paddington (although the HEX probably is the faster method). We look forward to many returns to the Rubens.	
Jan 17 2008 	really nice hotel	I agree with other travellers' comments. The hotel is in a good location, the staff are very welcoming and friendly. I had a dish of fruit free on the first night which was lovely. The rooms are extremely comfortable and spotlessly clean. There is nothing I would criticise only the prices, but not a rip-off.	
Jan 14 2008	Treated Like a Regular	We spent two nights at the Rubens at the Palace and while it was our first stay, the hotel staff made us feel like regulars. We were greeted by friendly, efficient staff upon our arrival. The King room was large and comfortable with wonderful pillows and linens. There was a large desk / dressing table with plenty of outlets and lighting, and WiFi for a fee. The bathroom was spacious by London standards, and was very nice. A full bath tub / shower and marble vanity made it beautiful and comfortable, the makeup mirror was a nice added touch. My husband appreciated the flat screen TV on the wall. The head concierge Dave was fantastic! He helped us plan a very fun night out and helped us make other arrangements, including a car to Heathrow. He treated us as if we'd stayed at the Rubens many times even though he had just met us. It was truly a wonderful stay and being right across the street from Buckingham Palace made it even better.	
Jan 9 2008 	Good but beware!!	Stayed at the Reubens over the Christmas break, rooms are excellent and staff were great but beware of the hidden extras - we asked the concierge for a taxi back to Heathrow when departing and were given a price of £120 sterling which was presented on the basis of it being a great deal!! (how much of the £120 is kept by the hotel/concierge is anybody's guess). We subsequently booked with www.exclusiveairports.com for £67. It is disappointing that Reubens reward their patrons by trying to rip them off as they leave. Also, bar food and snacks were outrageously priced, other than that we would stay again albeit a little wiser!	
Dec 31 2007 	Wonderful Hotel - Worth the Money	We stayed at the Rubens for 3 nights right before Christmas (we actually flew out of London on Christmas Eve) and were very pleased with our experience there. Not all food in London is great but the breakfast at the hotel was more than satisfactory. The location was wonderful and the rooms were clean. The exchange rate makes it a little tough to swallow the room rates - we stretched our budget a little bit for this but I'm glad we did. The concierge was exceptionally helpful and understanding of our desire for a good, local restaurant with great ambience but affordable prices for our pre-theatre meal. He directed us to a gem of a little place right up the street which made our night!! If it's within your price range to stay here, I completely recommend it. The rooms are adequate in size by European standards and well appointed. You do sometimes hear the neighbor's plumbing but since our room was next to our fellow travelers, we were on the same schedule and it never disturbed us.	
Dec 19 2007	Great Full English Breakfast	Location is great. Hotel is clean and staff are very attentive and friendly. The full english breakfast was great every day of our stay. Housekeeping was fantastic and the bottled water in our rooms was really nice to wake up to every morning. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great London hotel	I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions when in London on business. I will certainly do so again. The hotel is very welcoming with helpful staff who are ready to help in any way. The rooms are well appointed with everything the city traveller needs. Bottled water as well as tea &amp; coffee is very useful and to be expected at this kind of hotel.The decor isn't really my preference... a little too swags and tails for me really but this doesn't really matter. The whole hotel is very clean, tidy and not in any way shabby. I have to say that it is a little expensive... but you have to remember you are in a capital city in close proximity to transport links and a short walk to Westminster. As with everything in life, you get what you pay for. On one occasion I did encounter a couple of problems; I used the in room entertainment to watch a movie and the tracking was out with noise across the screen. Also the room door rattled a little when people walked past so I jammed a piece of clothing inbetween the frame and the door to stop it. I didn't notice this until very late in the evening and didn't contact the management at the time. I did however mention it in the guest comment form. Less than a week later I had recieved a personal response from the manager indicating that he had investigated and fixed both issues. An easy thing to do but something that gave me confidence that they want to do things right. One brief example of the staff helpfulness; as I was checking out after my recent stay the receptionist happened to ask me what I was doing that day. I said that we were going to the British Museum to see the Terracota Army. On seeing that we had a large piece of luggage she offered to arrange that we could leave the baggage for free at their sister hotel on the other side of the road to the hotel. This, she suggested, would be easier and cheaper than trying to do the same at the museum itself. Something small yet very helpful.	
Nov 29 2007 	Super	What a fantastic hotel! superb service and excellent quality rooms. The price real does mean you get what you pay for, I would visit again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Engaged in London NEW YEARS	We can't say enough about how wonderful this hotel is! We stayed December 29th thru January 4th 2006-2007 and couldn't have had a better hotel! Everyone is so nice! Food in England is HORRIBLE! Just prepare yourself! The hotel is a good ways from things in London but there is a tube station right across the street! Best food is fine a sushi place! The rooms are very small at rubens but fairly normal for European rooms! Again I can't wait to go back!	
Nov 28 2007 	i love this hotel	Rubens does it for me every time - from the warm welcome at the steps to the reception - the porters - the bar and restaurant staff - they all sing from the same hymm book as it were sure, some of the rooms are quirky but that to me is all part of the charm - better than many of the faceless large company places aroundlong may rubens continue to thrive i say nicola overton	
Nov 22 2007 	Rubens is solid not exciting	My daughter and I stayed at The Rubens just before Thanksgiving. I can't really complain as the staff were very good and helpful and the location is great. Victoria Station is 3 blocks away, Buckingham Palace is 3 blocks and several good restaurants were within easy walking distance. The Victoria Palace theatre, which is showing the excellent Billy Elliott, is also an easy walk.A nice full breakfast is included. We ate dinner in the Carvery one night and it was very mediocre. The hotel's clientele seemed to be largely made up of older Brits on a London break and Eastern European professionals.The rooms are tiny, but well-appointed. London hotels are so mind-blowingly expensive, The Rubens is a solid mid-price choice. There were no unpleasant surprises; however, there was nothing to get excited about.	
Nov 7 2007 	Great location BUT pricey	Travelled with two friends for a long weekend taking in Billy Elliot at the Victoria Theatre with Super Break on bed &amp; breakfast package for two nights. Superb location for sight seeing &amp; transport links.Both bedrooms, at the rear of the hotel, were disappointingly small &amp; the double beds were narrow &amp; short which is not ideal if you are over six feet tall as is my husband .The bathrooms were tiny, the floors of which were soon wet since the shower screen was not wide enough to catch the spray! The bath robes were very useful as were the usual lotions.Rooms very dimly lit with no ceiling light, creaking floor boards &amp; very noisy air conditioning.Breakfast choice is vast &amp; caters for all tastes-lovely.Extremely friendly &amp; helpful staff &amp; worthy of a special mention is the young doorman. Overall a pleasant stay but pricey for the standard of rooms though they were clean &amp; very warm.	
Oct 30 2007	Rubens at the Palace was Over-rated	My husband and I stayed at the Rubens for our twelve day vacation to London. We were familiar with the location in the Buckingham Palace/Westminster/Victoria Station area, and knew it was right where we wanted to be. We had stayed at the Thistle Victoria ten years ago, and were satisfied with it, but several of the TripAdvisor reviews we saw of the Thistle were negative, indicating it was run-down and dirty. Rather than taking a chance that the Thistle had not been kept up since our last visit, and though we were on a limited budget, we decided to invest more money in a &quot;safer&quot; bet. We chose the Rubens for its great location, and for all the glowing reviews we read on TripAdvisor and in Fodor's and Access guide books.When we got there we found the &quot;luxurious&quot; room was so small that the full size bed took up the entire room, with no space for even a chest of drawers or a comfortable chair. The closet was so tiny that we couldn't fit our luggage into it, so we had no place to empty our luggage or store it. The bathroom was newly remodeled, but not well laid out. Knowing we could not be comfortable in this room, my husband spoke to the manager and was offered a higher-priced &quot;suite&quot;. We took this room, which was significantly smaller than most American rooms, but at least had an upholstered chair, and some drawer and closet space. The bed was two twins joined together, so it was comfortably wide, but short enough that our feet went to the bottom edge and we are only 5'5'' tall. This upgrade cost us $2,000, bringing the total cost of our hotel stay to almost $500 per night.The price included full daily breakfast, which offered a substantial variety of good food and the wait staff was friendly and competent. We were not as satisfied with the concierge staff who seemed incapable of handling most requests and some were even unfriendly. Most of our inquiries were referred to the front desk staff, many of whom seemed very inexperienced and often in need of supervisory guidance.I have never before written a complaint about any of the many hotels we have stayed in, but I want others to be forewarned about this place. I plan to share my story with Fodor's and Access in the hopes that they will take a second look at the Rubens.	
Oct 28 2007 	Nice enough	My room was fine - large enough to move around and quite comfortable. The loaction was also great. My only complaints however were that one day my room was not cleaned until around 4pm in the afternoon and I found the breakfast outrageously expensive. Just FYI, I have also stayed at the K&amp;K in London which I found much nicer and more comfortable, great champagne breakfast included in the price and at an overall better rate than the Rubens.	
Oct 27 2007 	Very Nice!	First time to London; after looking at numerous hotels on Tripadvisor finally settled on Rubens at the Palace. A bit out of my normal price range; but was treating my mom for a milestone birthday, so I needed a place she'd feel comfortable in and like.As mentioned, very pricey especially with the exchange rate at the time. But you cannot beat location to major tourist attractions. Although, not many restaurants in area. Rooms were well appointed; and like everyone else has stated small by American standards...but really no complaints. My parents had a room with a view of the office building next door and my sister and I lucked out with a view of the Royal Mews (nice; but not terribly exciting)--mom &amp; dad did not want to switch after seeing our view.Rooms were pretty quiet; only the occasional creaking from the wood floors and only heard the neighbor's television once--which was pretty loud since my sister who is hard of hearing could hear it too. And yes, you will get the entire bathroom floor wet if you shower instead of tub bathing.We had breakfast in the downstairs restaurant (included for Sat &amp; Sun stay)--very nice selection of organic foods, breads, cold platter and the &quot;fry up&quot;. Ran into a problem with our rooms not listed for the &quot;inclusive&quot; breakfast--had to talk to the front desk and restaurant hostess both Sat and Sun!Only two complaints: 1)Paid money for a service I ended up not being able to use. I tried to make a call to the U.S. with an pre-paid international calling card; you are required to use a &quot;special operator&quot; for this. I dialed the number and the operator stated that I could not use my MCI calling card and could only use a &quot;resident calling card&quot; (as in , at my &quot;residence in England&quot;) or I could call collect at a rate of $24/minute using my credit card. I did inform the staff when I checked out so that they would hopefully switch services or warn their guests. 2)no Free internet access! At upwards of $200USD a night, you think you'd get free access at least in the lobby!Overall, a pleasant stay for this first-timer. Staff were very friendly too.	
Oct 26 2007 	Fantatic Rubens	This hotel has it all...great location, excellent service, delicious food, and &quot;old world&quot;ambiance. The staff were friendly and informative. We were upgraded to a suite for our 6 day stay...loved it.	
Oct 21 2007 	Rubens at the Palace - Be very careful......	Be very careful of the this hotel. I booked myself and two clients at the Ruben based largely on the Trip Adviser reviews and have been very disappointed. Room selection is basically a roll of the dice.The staff are friendly enough but in the end, they are the ones dropping the ball therefore I would not give extra points because it is bad, nice service. 1.) Arrived on my fourth trip to London in the last 12 months and my first stay at the Rubens. Got to the hotel at 2:45pm with one client and was told that only one room was ready and the other would be ready at some unknown future time. Check in time was 2:00 but still the room was not ready 45 minutes after check in time. 1/2 hour later, the room was ready and away I went.2.) Rooms/views horrible. When the room was ready, I was sent to a room with a huge air conditioning blower literally 6 inches outside the window and to a room that was very small and very unattractive. When I sat on the King bed I paid extra for, the two twins it was made from, slid apart. Two twins do not a King make.I asked for another room and was shown to a handicapped room with the identical view of the air conditioning unit which must be cooling another part of the hotel because my room has none and it's very warm. The bathroom was as large as the room itself. Same view, bad bath and did not try the bed.Asked for another room and was told that only one other room was available. The final choice was a nicer room but the industrial air conditioner that was running but not cooling my room, is now 4 inches away and absolutely no light comes in the window.I was told by everyone I talked with that the rooms facing out would not be available until the next day and were actually noisier because of the street. I travel a lot for my job and am not stupid. A mere siren now and again 30 feet below is nothing compared to an industrial air conditioner 4 inches away from your window. I was tired of moving rooms only find the same problem in each new room I visited and did not want to move again the next day when other rooms opened up and hope that one would be decent. I had plans to show my clients London on a day off and did not want to spend it wandering room-to-room in a hotel.I made the decision to just stay this week and never return again on any of my 4 London trips per year. Big mistake; I'm moving in the morning.Be very careful not to get an interior Buckingham room in this hotel. Rooms numbers (can't remember the first room but I think it was 110) 103 and 123 are all the same view of the industrial non-cooling cooler and accompanying noise.Unfortunately, one of my clients is stuck with the same type of view, room 144, and it really made an impression on his first trip over to London. I think his future trips will be elsewhere.3.) Buckingham rooms are supposed to include internet, wifi, movies and breakfast. The first two times I accessed wifi, I was charged 14.50 ($29). Each time I called the desk and advised that my room had internet and wifi included and the charges were reversed. It gets very old having to double check your bill each day to make sure you are not being charged for things you are not supposed to be charged for and then call to have them reversed. Just because the people are nice and reverse the charge they should not have put on in the first place, is still unacceptable. Especially the second time in one day. They should know better than I, what the Buckingham rooms include.This is especially bad when you are paying for two other client rooms and they don't know to double check their bill. If you are a tourist and just need a nice homey place to crash or base, this would be average. About a run of the mill Best Western in the U.S. Luxury? Nope, not by a long shot.I'll be back in the UK in 3 months but the Rubens is off my list. I don't like rolling the dice on room quality and won't take a chance on sending my clients into that type or situation either.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great service - extremely small room	We had booked a double room but were pleased, on arrival, to be told that we were upgraded to an executive room. We were therefore disappointed to discover that our executive double room was one of the smallest rooms that we have ever had. Negotiating around the room had to be done with care - to avoid bumping into the TV or tripping over the chair - I pity the chambermaids - they must get lots of bruises - there was just so little space. The bathroom on the other hand was excellent - plenty of space with toiletries and even a foot spa. Both my husband and I agreed that we were glad that we were only spending one night in the room - two or more would have driven us mad. Other aspects - the food was excellent, service was prompt and pleasant, the room was clean and comfortable. Was it worth the money? We have yet to reach a decision - the size is a big detraction - but it may be compensated by the other excellent aspects of staying at the Rubens.	
Oct 19 2007 	OK but not for business	Location is good but the front desk sent me to a &quot;no smoking&quot; room that smelled like an ashtray. When I complained the next morning, the person taking my money didn't seem to be too interested in doing anything about it. Room A/C was loud and hard to adjust. Not really the kind of place a business traveler would want to stay.	
Sep 27 2007 	The Best Place to Stay in London	I have stayed at the Rubens Hotel 4 times in the past 5 years. Every time I stay there the I have a great time. The staff is fantastic, 1st class all the way!!! I think that thing I like the most is that it's not a really large property so I get a homey and cozy feeling when I stay there.	
Sep 26 2007 	Live like a Queen at the Rubens!	I’ve been to London many times now and this hotel is one of the best I’ve stayed at. The location is pretty close to perfect, the services and staff are wonderful, and the rooms are on the large size for London – with lots of amenities. A fabulous hotel in a fabulous city!	
Sep 25 2007 	Perfect hotel for London sightseeing	We had a fantastic five-day stay at the hotel. The staff could not have been nicer. Booking through Discount Hotels offered a relatively moderate rate for this terrific hotel. Our room had a king-sized bed which was most welcome after a transatlantic flight. By London standards, it was a certainly large enough with an extremely large bathroom. The white terry cloth robes were an extra treat. The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing, located just across the street from the Royal Mews. A 15-minute walk through St.James Park, and you are right in the thick of the areas one wants to see.	
Sep 18 2007 	Perfect Stay at Rubens!	The Rubens is a lovely hotel within walking distance to the Victoria subway station and several sight seeing opportunities. My BF and I stayed for only one night but I would certainly stay again anytime. The room was large enough to move around comfortably and had a desk, a wardrobe and TV housed in an armoire. The bathroom was nice but a bit small. Bathrobes and slippers were provided along with lovely and abundant toiletries.The hotel offers an internet/movie package, for one price you can watch all of the pay per view movies and use the internet for 24hrs, or you can go a la carte. Breakfast was included when we booked the room (otherwise it is a quite hefty 15 pounds), and it was incredible. Both continental and hot english breakfast are available buffet style with loads of variety.	
Sep 17 2007 	Over priced stay at average hotel	For £289 per night I was expecting far better. Room was average and annoying air conditioning unit kept me awake.Far better experience at Royal Horseguards which is rated far lower on Trip Advisor.Location good for tourists but that is about it.	
Sep 11 2007 	Addicted to Rubens	Rubens at the Palace was an absolutely wonderful place to stay. I can't recommend it highly enough. The staff was wonderful especially the Concierge team. If you stay there, ask for Dave and John who are very helpful and friendly,. It is a very elegant hotel and very English! The dinners at the Carvery are delicious and the breakfast buffet is super. The housekeeping staff is great and they change the sheets daily instead of just making the bed. The location is terrific. You can have drinks and look out the picture window at the Queen's horses riding into Buckingham Palace. It's like a second home to my friends and I. We wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else in London. Stay once and you will be hooked! PS The doorman is gorgeous too!Pottersville	
Sep 8 2007	Convenient location	My husband and I spent 3 days at the Rubens Hotel the location is great, close to Victoria Station, the main sights etc.We had asked for a room facing the Royal Mews which we did get , our only complaint was that the rooms are very tiny .My hubby is a six footer so he found it cramped .Oh yes, if you stay beware of the shower it floods the entire bathroom so bring a boat along.The staff are friendly some more than others.The chef barks at the customers The Concierge is actually useless. The rooms are very clean, we had breakfast included which was very nice.We want to thank the young doorman who was always pleasant and indeed loves his job .. So to the manager please take note of this young fellow he's on the ball .	
Aug 27 2007 	great location	stayed at this hotel in july as part of a rail,hotel and threatre break. the hotel was in a great location opposite the palace and easy for getting around London on foot it was only a 15minute walk away from westminster abbey. the hotel is very nice to a high standard though the rooms were smaller than expected for the level of hotel. the staff were very helpful and arranged taxi's for getting to the threatre. the bar area was nice to relax in on an evening and an excellant choice for breakfast on a morning.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great location and touch of luxury	What a fabulous hotel. Really great location within walking distance of so many highlights. Also transport is close by including shuttle bus to Heathrow, the tube and the hop-on-hop-off bus. My room though not large was comfy and cozy with a touch of luxury. Also very clean and fresh. Staff were welcoming and helpful. All this for a reasonable price for central London. I would not stay anywhere else next time.	
Aug 20 2007	Loved The Rubens	I've stayed at the Rubens before but must write to say their attention to detail, professionalism, friendliness is outstanding. They have also added additional security, so when entering another floor of the hotel you need to swipe your bedroom key before entering. An excellent idea - especially when you are a female staying on your own. I feel very safe and well looked after at the RubensL Hogarth	
Aug 19 2007 	Wonderful Experience	Before arriving at the hotel we had book rail tickets to Scotland. I was having some problem with the rail line because they do not send tickets to the US so I needed a London location to send them. I contacted the hotel and they were more than willing to help me out. They even contacted me to let me know when the tickets had arrived at the hotel and they were waiting for me when I arrived several months later. The rooms were very nicely appointed but what made the stay exceptional was the wonderful service provided by the reception desk staff, the bartender (John) and Nathan the doorman. These people were aware of our travel plans, because they cared enough to ask and then remember. They provided excellent recommendation, direction and were always ready with a warm and welcoming smiles at the end of a long day of site-seeing. We had friends staying at a high end hotel on Piccadilly and upon seeing our hotel and experiencing the service wished they had stayed with us at the Rubens. From London we went to Scotland for a few days and then back to London. We had originally been scheduled to stay at another hotel upon our return for one night. Instead we contacted our travel agent who got us booked back into the Rubens for our return. While the Rubens is not an economy hotel it is also not extremely expensive. I felt we got more than a good value because of the location, the clean and well appointed rooms but especially because of the people working there. This was my 6th trip to London and I think I have finally found a hotel I will return to on all future trips.	
Aug 9 2007	Small but nice hotel	I stayed at the Rubens for business. The staff is very helpful. Our concierge Dave and doormen were extremely friendly. The room: The room I was assigned to was fairly small. Bathroom amenities were good, however there was no scale. It did have an iron however! Internet access in the room is pretty pricey, so I suggest finding an Internet cafe where it might be more reasonable. I was upgraded to the single superior and did not know what was superior about it due to the smallness of the room. Meals: I ate breakfast during my last day. The food was pretty decent albeit on the pricey side. When my colleagues and I were there, the English pound was 2:1 to the American dollar. Location: I think this is really what the high price for this hotel is all about. Its directly across from the Palace Mews (horse stables). Shopping wise, most of the stores are walking distance. Clark's the shoe store is about a 5 minute walk. The hotel is also located to several dining places. We ate a lot at the Noodle Noodle, the food is so good and reasonable so don't be surprised if its always busy. I did not get a chance to ride public transportation during my trip, but hear that the Victoria Station is close by. i walked to the Buckingham Palace about 9:30pm and I felt very safe.	
Jul 27 2007 	Rubens is Top-Notch!!!!!!!	Reservations: made on-line quite easily and accurately.Check-in and Check-out: fast efficient and helpfulLobby: elegant with a nice bar/lounge and restaurant right off the main lobb.Room: immaculately clean, small, comfortable king bed with excellent linens and pillows, nicely appointed modern bathroom with shower and tub combo, excellent bath products, nice towels. Nice color TV but VERY few channel choices and no HBO or free movie channels. The room was quiet even though we overlooked a busy road by Buckingham Palace. The air conditioning was superb.Highlights: good price for London, which is insanely expensive especially since the dollar is so low against the pound. Delicious buffet breakfast was included in the room rate so eat up!!! The staff was very polite and helpful. They also have discount passes to the LA Fitness Health Club around the corner, although it is still 10 pounds per day even with the discount. The location is fantastic, in the heart of London and close to the Victoria Tube Stop.Lowpoints: Internet access in the room was 15 pounds a day ($30/day): OUTRAGEOUS!!!!! Go to a nearby internet cafe for 1 pound for an hour.	
Jul 21 2007	Service with a BIG smile!!	My family spent 4 nights this week at the Rubens hotel. After reading all the reviews on Tripadvisor for many months, I booked it in Feb 2007 and awaited the time to actually check into this hotel. We had a double and a twin Superior room on the 4th floor with views of the Royal Mews, which I had asked for at the time of booking and some other requests which were noted by Marion the receptionist.We arrived by taxi from Victoria and were speedily checked in by an efficient receptionist, and shown by Dave the Concierge to our rooms, which were spotlessly clean and well laid out. Bradley the Duty manager came over to introduce himself and ask if there was anything else he could do to make our stay more memorable. It was my son's Doctorate graduation and his birthday, and the reason we had travelled from Spain to the UK to celebrate. I asked for a birthday cake to be served with afternoon tea - all arranged satisfactorily. A mention too of William the other Duty Manager who ordered the cake. The staff came in with the cake singing 'Happy Birthday' a personal touch we really appreciated.The whole experience of staying at the Rubens was faultless. The situation is perfect for walking around many tourist sites especially the Palace. We saw the Changing of the Guards twice, including the arrival of a regiment from Jamaica - that added some interest as it was their first tour of duty in the UK.The food for dinner, breakfast and snacks at the Rubens was excellent. Service always with a smile and the ratio of staff exceptionally well dressed and groomed in the hotel meant that someone was always there waiting to serve you.Worth a visit is the Cafe Panini across the road from the hotel - excellent snacks and drinks served in by courteous staff.Bumbles restaurant across from the hotel was well worth a visit for reasonably priced dinner - speciality English food - you will not be disappointed!Bag of Nails service was slooooooooow, and the pub had little atmosphere that made us want to stay longer than 1 drink.Some great pubs and bars in Covent Gardens well worth making the journey for and doing some exploring.London was noticeably less polluted by the lack of traffic - the charges for bringing vehicles into the City are obviously having a good effect. Taxi's are plentiful and cheaper than the Underground if you are a group of 4 as we were.A special thank you to ALL the staff at the Rubens who made our stay so enjoyable - we will recommend this hotel to friends, and look forward to our next stay whenever we are in the UK.	
Jul 20 2007 	Lovely hotel - good smoking rooms but don't use the air con	Staff were very polite and efficient on arrival. We were given the choice of smoking or non-smoking on arrival. Our room was of a good standard, very quiet and very clean. A large sash window provided good ventilation for our smoking room. I do NOT recommend you use the air conditioning in the smoking rooms unless you want the ghost of smokers past wafting in, which is what happened. It made the room stink! The only other problem with the room was the creaky floorboards - you can hear every step taken on the floor above you. However, the room was a reasonable size for London and our first breakfast there was excellent - fantastic choice, great quality and the staff were really on the ball. We found room service slow (took an hour to receive a complimentary bottle of wine) but they were polite and very apologetic about the delay. Drinks from the bar are a little expensive at £18 for 2 glasses of house red, that's £16 for the drinks and a £2 bar charge. A £2 charge for going down to the bar and taking the drinks up to the room myself seemed a bit steep but I didn't want to wait another hour for room service. We decided against having dinner at the hotel and went elsewhere. Breakfast on day 2 was a bit chaotic. There were plenty of tables but not enough of them set so people were waiting in the bar area and the queue extended into one of the lounge. This presented a problem as we had a train to catch, but when we eventually got through to the dining area the standard was excellent once again and we got our train in good time. Overall - nice room, excellent polite staff, good location, and on the downside - air conditioning needs attention, creaky floorboards, room servce slow.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great stay great service!	We just got back from four nights here. We had a great stay - the concierge team is amazing! This has English charm and great proximity. Nice bar and restaurant. We got 2 joining rooms for us and our 2 kids. This was key, as the rooms are VERY small. I suggest emailing with them directly for the best rate. We would certainly go back here!	
Jul 16 2007 	Personalized Service Made the Stay Special	One major factor in our selection of Rubens at the Palace was their Kids' Weekend Promotion. We wanted to stay at an upscale hotel but were concerned that some choices may be unsuitable for families.The Rubens surpassed our expectations for customer service and made all of us, especially my 9 year old son feel very welcome. My son received a welcome packet and kid's bathrobe at check-in. We also received a pack lunch with the items he requested for each day, which helped with the long sightseeing days in London. My son was especially pleased about the Playstation 2 that was set up in our room especially for his visit. Dave at the Concierge Desk always chatted with us about our plans before we went out, offering suggestions as appropriate. Amazingly, when we returned several hours later, he remembered all the details of our plans and asked my son about how he enjoyed what we did. Just made you feel very special!The staff was always ready with suggestions to help make the most of our visit. Clearly service is really stressed at the Rubens!We had a junior suite which was relatively large, by London's standards. It had a desk, a king sized bed with side tables, an oversized arm chair which converted to a bed and a table and chairs. There was also a large closet. Complimentary coffee and tea were also supplied in the room.The location was extremely convenient especially for viewing the Changing of the Guard and trips to the theatre district. the close proximity to Victoria Station also made for easy access to transportation to other parts of London and neighboring areas.I would highly recommend the Rubens at the Palace especially for families. Only the relative value of the accommodations, primarily due to the weak dollar, would prevent me from giving the hotel an excellent rating.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great value hotel in London!!!	My husband, my 5-year old, and I visited London for a weekend in May and chose this hotel because of the reviews here as well as the fact that they had a family weekend special.My son and I were taken on a tour of the kitchens and the housekeeping departments of the hotel. He got to make a very special dessert with the chef in the kitchen, and he was given a special pack lunch each day we were there.He was given a toiletry pack when we arrived with his own bathrobe and slippers as well.We were also given a tour of the 5star part of the hotel which was in fact a separate hotel on the upper floors. The rooms were very richly decorated and some even had a ceiling that opened up to the sky!This was of course, not available for the price of the regular hotel rooms but it was a very interesting tour!The room we got was bigger than the usual European size and it was very well decorated. The bathroom was a good size and was well stocked with the usual toiletries.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and made sure that everyone was made welcome.The fine dining restaurant is located on the floor below the reception and it was quite good!The breakfast buffet had a good selection as well.The hotel is in a good part of town, in the backyard of Buckingham Palace, but is quite a walk from Harrods, or the museums at Kensington. You could always take a bus though.All in all, the hotel was the best value of our whole trip of 3 countries in Europe! As you know, the price of everything is double in the UK. We travel about 3-4 x a year for a month each time and this hotel is definitely the one to stay in for the money!	
Jul 13 2007	A great weekend at the rubens!	My family and I stayed at the Rubens at the Palace for 3 nights in May. The location is fantastic, right across from Buckingham Palace, near Victoria Station. The room was clean and comfortable though a bit small for 4 people staying together. We used both the single pullout and a roll away bed and it was tight! Also the bathroom, though well equiped and with a good shower, was small. Because we were finishing 2 weeks travelling we stayed in one night to get room service and watch a movie. The food was really good (skip the pizza and go for the fish and chips!) and I was very impressed with the breakfast buffet, lots of choices, high quality, many organic items. Finally, the staff was very nice and the &quot;children's weekend&quot; program, which we were on, was a terrific deal. It included a visit to the kitchen, packed lunches to take with us during our exploring and 2 adorable terrycloth robs for the kids to bring home. A fun and great value if it's available. I HIGHLY recommend the Rubens!	
Jul 12 2007 	Read the negative reviews! Shocking room for the money.	I think there should be a rating between &quot;okay&quot; and &quot;terrible&quot;, like &quot;bad&quot;. You just don't get what you pay for, here - that's the rub. $339 per night for a 10' by 10' room. Smallest room I have EVER seen. No room for bags (2 people), walking around the bed (a DOUBLE!!), just not comfortable at all. I'd pay $75 for it to save money. But the $339 was a REAL slap in the face. In addition, food and drink prices were a shock, and NOT just because of the exchange rate. Entree (chicken), $49. Standard drink - $17. Absolutely ridiculous. Just trying to help. SO many alternatives around Victoria Station and the Palace. Use one.	
Jul 10 2007	Fantastic Hotel Stay	My wife and I have just visited London for the fifth year running and have stayed in a variety of hotel chains,our visit to the Rubens at the Palace hotel has been the best to date.From the minute we entered the reception area we were met by friendly helpful staff who really could not do enough to help,the reception area is bright and welcoming and the staff on the desk made checking in simple and efficient.The rooms were of a very high standard and provided all the comforts needed and then some, the maid service and room service available was first class.With the risk of sounding gushy we really do not have a bad word to say about any aspect of our visit the only downside was that it was'nt long enough! The food was excellent and prices were very reasonable for the heart of London, location is superb for all the tourist attractions and theatres of the West End and the building itself is directly opposite Buckingham Palace and the entrance to the Royal Mews.If you fancy being treated like royalty in the closest hotel to Buckingham Palace visit The Rubens we have now found the hotel we will be staying in on every visit to London.	
Jul 2 2007	Posh but chaotic	The Rubens is a nice hotel, but a little eccentric in its habits. I stayed there on business last month. Staff were friendly and courteous at all times. However, I was given a room that had been loaned to a couple for 20mins whilst they got changed, which was embarrassing for me and for them when they walked in. Then when I came back later, the room had been made up again but my key didn't work! Staff apologised and offered me upgraded room and complimentary glass of champagne, which entirely put the world to rights again. For the same price, I think you can do better, even in central London - rooms aren't that spacious, the lift is quite antiquated and there's a lot of traffic noise if you open the windows, which in summer is a must. But you'll probably never stay closer to the Queen than here!	
Jun 28 2007 	Our new favorite London hotel	Whether you are in London on business, for a show or sightseeing the Rubens is perfect. We did the last two.The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very service oriented. The hotel is beautiful and the lounge is a great place to unwind with a cream tea (try the vanilla) or something stronger. The rooms are small by American standards, but they are comfortable and nicely decorated. Victoria tube and train station is a block away and many London sights are within an easy walk. The restaurant is lovely, but if you're kids want pizza or something less formal there are numerous places close by. London is a favorite destination for us and we have now found a favorite hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	The larger room was nice the smaller ones are tiny.	When we arrived we found out that they had a double room booked for us instead of a twin. After some work they upgraded us with no cost to a king. This was a nice room. My mother was accross the hall and had a very tiny single. The breakfast we found worth it. It was very good, great service, lots to choose from, and very english. At night sometimes we ate in the lounge and had good salids and sandwiches, hamburgers, hot chocolate. The thing I didn't like was that the internet costs about 15 pounds for 24 hours. It was free at our Paris hotel. The other thing is that the floor creeks. But the location was great!!! It is close to a metro and we saw Wicked close by at the Apollo theater. We used thier hairdryer and they had a huge transformer for my moms curling iron. We had a great stay.	
Jun 19 2007 	The customer is King	Unlike some other big London hotels, the Rubens really does work hard at its customer care policy. Our &quot;superior&quot; room was well appointed, but very tight on space for 2 people. It's always a mystery to me why on the majority of occasions rooms have double occupancy, yet only one rack to place suitcases on...??!!!Only one complaint, which was promptly and efficiently addressed on settling the account - I felt acknowledged as a customer and the impact of this has had me recommending this hotel to others....A follow up email from the hotel suggests that they really understand what good customer care is all about!	
Jun 6 2007 	great location	lovely traditional hotel, quite small rooms but nicely decorated and good location a short walk away from victoria train station. good value for money. would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2007 	We Really Enjoyed The Rubens	We had a wonderful stay at the Rubens. After a lot of research, we chose the Rubens based on the cost and the location. Of course any hotel in London is ridiculously expensive for Americans right now (terrible exchange rate), but we felt our rate was better than average at the Rubens. The hotel is close to Victoria Station, although I would take a cab next time from the station since it was rush hour when we arrived and even three blocks with luggage going against a huge rush of people was a bit trying.We stayed for 6 nights and found the room and the staff to our liking. Yes, the room was small (we had the deluxe king), and like someone else wrote, our shower was not enclosed, leaving the floor really wet each morning. On the other hand, the room was very clean, the bed was fantastic, we had a little desk and chair, and we were very comfortable. We were on the second floor, directly across from the Mews. I thought we'd hear traffic noise, but it never bothered us (we were probably too tired to notice after sightseeing all day). We could occasionally hear the horses coming and going, but we found that charming.We liked our second floor room because of how easy coming and going was. The elevator at The Rubens is really small and pretty slow, which would have made the higher floors annoying to me. We found the staff to be friendly and efficient. The doorman was especially helpful and nice. He greeted us cheerfully each time we left and returned. The staff in the lounge and at breakfast each morning was also all smiles and charm, and we always got a friendly hello from the front desk staff. We found the concierge pretty useless - nice, but not helpful.We enjoyed breakfast most days in the hotel. It was hideously expensive, but we really filled up each morning and generally didn't have more than a snack before dinner. On the day we ate breakfast and lunch elsewhere, we spent even more. The area around the hotel is relatively quiet for London, at least compared to Piccadilly and Leicester, for example. We never felt unsafe walking at night either. The quick walk to Victoria Station was also convenient.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great Location	We travelled from Australia to London ( a very long trip) and when we checked in, the staff were very helpful and could not do enough for us. Although the rooms are small by Australian and American standards, they were very clean, quiet and comfortable -- never mind the squeaking floorboards, it adds to the charm.This hotel is in a fantastic location - a very short stroll from Victoria Station, literally down the road from Buckingham Palace and a pleasant stroll to places like Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, 10 Downing Street etc.Overall, a very enjoyable stay and yes, we would stay there again. Great value for money.	
Jun 3 2007 	Big range in room quality; friendly but clueless staff	I bought a 3-night package at the Rubens through luxurylink.com, a website where you can bid on hotel packages at high-end luxury properties. It was to include 3 nights in a &quot;spacious, elegant&quot; room, afternoon tea, fresh flowers in the room, and a few other amenities. When we arrived, the staff was very friendly and helpful. However, our room was cramped and dark, the decor was old, the furniture had clearly been banged around a bit. I called the front desk and complained; they moved us to a room that had been refurbished just 3 weeks before. The new room was not exactly &quot;spacious,&quot; but it was bigger, and the decor was indeed elegant. It featured large windows facing Buckingham Mews, lighter, neutral-toned bedding and drapes, a matching daybed, and a plasma TV mounted on the wall. The two rooms were vastly different and I think the lesson to be learned is that if you are unhappy with your initial room, by all means try to get reassigned to a newer room.Even though our new room was much nicer, it was not quite up to the &quot;Luxury Link&quot; level that we were expecting. (This was our fourth Luxury Link vacation.) The climate control system was spotty (parts of the room would be humid and warm while other parts would be freezing). The bathtub did not have a shower curtain, just a small glass wall which did not extend far enough to keep the water inside the tub. As a result, the entire bathroom would get wet after a shower. The staff was extremely friendly, but amateurish.The concierge staff was particularly clueless. For example, one day we wanted to take a day trip to Cambridge and the guy had no information about it whatsoever. He said we should buy a book about the city once we got there. The only thing he mentioned is that there is a castle there (according to him). He even sketched out a rectangle representing the castle walls, and he said that the wealthy stayed inside the walls, while the peasants and farmers stayed outside and tried to get in. It really sounded like he was making things up and talking out of his butt. This was my 8th or 9th time in London, and I had never heard of a castle in Cambridge. But I kept an open mind about it. Well, we made it to Cambridge and had an excellent day, but of course, there is no castle there. The whole thing was very odd.The location of the hotel is pretty good, and the bed was very comfortable. But overall I was not impressed. We will probably stay somewhere else the next time we go to London.	
May 22 2007 	Wonderful experience at the Rubens	Just returned from four days at the Rubens and cannot say enough good things. From the welcoming bellman to Dave and his colleagues at the concierge desk to the great front-desk people and the bar waiters, the staff could not have been more attentive and friendly. Our room was movie-set British: pinstripe suiting-upholstered walls, upscale bath fixtures and amenities, wonderful linens and thoughtful extras (a 110-volt plug for charging your phone!). Immaculate, nicely decorated and well-kept hotel throughout, and the red carnations everywhere are a nice touch. Location is top-notch: Our room overlooked the Royal Mews, a daily show. You can easily walk or bus or tube just about anywhere from here.We left sadly. Our only regret is that the dollar is so wretched that we swooned from sticker shock everywhere in London. Just plan on paying the equivalent of $5 or $6 for a diet coke and $14-18 for a cocktail and you see what I mean. Theatre tickets still a good buy, though.	
May 18 2007 	All i could hear was road traffic so unable to get to sleep!!	Booked 3 rooms, 2 standard rooms &amp; 1 King room.Both standard rooms were very small!! They both looked they they had just been decorated so were nice &amp; clean.I picked the wrong room out of the 3 as all you could hear traffic all night long ( didn't expect this when you are paying this kind of money)When we told reception....all they said was ''oh really'', i'm sure alot of people would complain about this.Also the smoke alarm in the room flashes 2 red lights, when you are trying to get to sleep with the noise &amp; flashing.....it really doesn't help.Other room was fine &amp; no noise.King room was lovely &amp; the bathroom was huge but bedroom wasn't that much bigger than the standard room.The staff were all great, the duty manager Sol was really helpful.Breakfast was nice, buffet style &amp; lots to choose from.Also had a free late check out.	
May 18 2007 	9 Day Stay In May	My wife and I just returned from a 9 day stay at the Rubens at the Palace. We visited London in May of 2005 and stayed in Mayfair, close to the Green Park tube station. That was a great location, as all of our visit was spent in London, within reach of the underground system. This year we planned to travel on a BritrailPass to Bath, Brighton, Leeds Castle, Hampton Court, and Dover. We chose to stay at the Rubens because of its close proximity to Victoria train station. This worked out very well for us. The Rubens itself was very comfortable and the staff was very attentive. Our room was an upgrade to a Superior King Room. The room was fairly large (by London standards) and comfortable. Our first meal was at the Bag O' Nails pub across the intersection from the hotel. This is a solid 4 on a scale of 10. Nothing to rave about, but it was food, and we were hungry (nuff said). The only other meal we had close to the hotel was at the BBar restaurant adjacent to the hotel. Our meal at the BBar was excellent. It cost $96 with a nice bottle of South African Chardonnay. I would rate the hotel experience a solid 4 out of 5.	
May 17 2007 	Excellent stay at the Rubens	The Rubens was a superb venue for a special family celebration. Our three rooms were all excellent, full of character yet with all the comforts expected. The location is brilliant - opposite Buckingham Palace and near all central attractions. Food was excellent, staff very friendly and helpful. Full marks to an excellent hotel.	
May 16 2007 	Loved This Hotel	From the time that I walked into this hotel until I left I loved it. The location cannot be faulted; just 5 minutes walk to Victoria Station. I did not think the price is too expensive for a London Hotel and the location. All of the staff were extemely friendly, even the reception staff acknowledged you on the way in.	
May 15 2007 	Superb hotel!!	A truly desirable hotel oozing class! My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for just one night &amp; it will stay in my memory for a long time. On arrival the reception desk were very friendly and accommodating, we were told the room was not quite ready and would we like a complimentary drink while we waited? Lovely! Of course we didn't mind! Nice touch. Room was large, and the bed was very comfortable and also very large - nice treat for us being used to something smaller. Location was spot on in terms of things to do and places to go. The guy on the concierge desk was very bubbly and cheerful which was nice and in fact all the staff smiled when they saw you and made you feel very welcome. The Head of room service is a credit to the Hotel. I would definitely recommend The Rubens and will be coming back again I'm sure! Thanks!	
May 13 2007 	Tiny but great locale	Room was nice, but exspensive for what you get. Your paying for the location... right across from Buckingham. If your looking for a large room find anotehr place, our suitcases side by side equalled the width of the room. The bathroom was nice and the service was excellent. If we weren't on such a time crunch to sightsee, I would probably pick a different hotel.	
May 4 2007	Enjoyed my stay but would not return.	Overall, the location is quite good. Easy access to Victoria tube and train station. Just short walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Whitehall, London eye, etc. Also the beds are very comfortable (important to me). The airconditioning will keep you cool in the summertime and the narrow, slightly confusing and more old-fashioned hallways are a bit of fun for some visitors. The staff were friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was good. Everything was clean and decorations were pleasant in our deluxe room with king sized bed. What I didn't care for was the expensive breakfast - We partook only once and then went down the street to local cafes for a morning bite on subsequent days. Also, the internet use was expensive. It's much cheaper to use the internet at Victoria station. If they offered a continental breakfast with the room, I might consider returning to the Ruben, but in the meantime I'll switch to a London bed and breakfast. Save some money and get a breakfast to boot! Just hope the bed will be as comfy!	
May 3 2007 	A night at the Rubens	This is the second time I have stayed at this excellent hotel. From booking on through their website, to arrival and the stay the service and surroundings were first class. All staff are courteous and friendly. The hotel rooms are clean, well decorated and modern. I would recommend The Rubens to anyone visiting London especially if it is to sightsee as the hotel is within easy reach of most main attractions.	
Apr 21 2007 	Deceived at the Rubens Hotel in London	I booked our honeymoon at Rubens at the Palace and was pleased with what I heard before commiting to stay there. Wireless Internet..... check. Swimming pool..... check. Free breakfast.... check. What I found out: The swimming pool is around the corner in a health club owned by some other firm. Cost is US $20/ person (10 Pounds). Yes, they have wireless Internet.... oh, for an extra US $30/ day (15 Pounds).I needed the Internet for 5 minutes to check a departing flight and was told I'd have to pay the full fare. They said they couldn't reverse the charge. I got on anyway. I later talked with another employee who said she'd gladely reverse it. Why the inconsistancy?The room lacked an extra roll of toilet paper. There are no ice machines... you have to tip someone to bring it to you. Jeesh! I can get my own ice.The concierge booked us for the evening showing of Phantom of the Opera. Or so we thought! We showed up and we were told he booked the wrong time. He booked it for the afternoon. Can I have my generous tip back?We did get a free dinner because it was our honeymoon... and champagne too, so that was decent.In general the staff was nice but we did find that a few of them were a little unfriendly.	
Apr 18 2007 	Confort with class	First class hotel, excellent service. Great location, just in front of Buckingham Palace. The staff is very professional and make yorself at home. Very confortable room, you can find all you want. The Library Restaurant is excellent, top livel sercice and higth quality food!	
Apr 16 2007 	Very happy here	I stayed at the Rubens with my husband for 7 days and was very pleased. The room was well kept, clean, and nicely decorated, although quite small with little space for unpacking. The bathroom was rather large with good lighting and a makeup mirror. The staff was polite and attentive. The food was very good; we had breakfast, snacks, and evening drinks. The piano player was a very nice addition in the lounge at night. The location was the best. I would highly recommend this hotel. I have no negatives to report.	
Apr 14 2007 	Excellent staff location and rooms	Fantastic location for discovering London, just minutes away from all the big attractions. Many attentive concierges, excellent reception staff, always helpful and friendly. Breakfast muesli bar even included Bircher Muesli - now I'm a convert. We booked Easter weekend package which included a junior suite, packed lunches (huge), free bathrobes and slippers for the kids, plus an Easter egg hunt on Easter Sunday.	
Apr 12 2007 	old fashioned service with a smile	yup - great. Spent one night here on business. Concierge was very helpful.. Staff were attentive and polite. Breakfast was full and English. All good.The location is next to Buckingham Palace so it doesn't get much better for the London tourist. One criticism would be that my room was rather dark. Having said that, there was enough chintzy decor to distract.the Rubens rocks...	
Apr 11 2007 	Great location	Reubens at The Palace was the perfect location in central London for a combination business and vacation trip. Located within easy walking distance from the museums, Buckingham Palace to Westminister and the Eye of London. Easy access to the London underground. Hotel was very well maintained and great staff. Did add extra costs for breakfast and internet. Breakfast was an excellent and huge buffet style with egg station. Staff knowledgeable on local directions, resturants and services. Some small rooms so be careful on what cost room is booked, but all rooms were very comfortable and quiet. My opinion now is that no hotel should be charging for wireless internet connections!	
Apr 10 2007 	Disappointed	The spacious rooms were anything but. The king bed was really 2 twins pushed together, one of them a few inches higher than the other with a huge gap in between. The staff did smile a lot, but in the way that people who don't speak English do when you ask for something and they don't want to tell you they can't understand you. The service in the bar was incredibly slow.	
Apr 3 2007 	Smiling Hotel	My abiding memory is of all the staff smiling, their attentiveness and what seemed to be the excellent ratio of staff to customers. We stayed 3 nights and first had a very very small room with equally tiny bathroom with mould in the grouting. There was not even space to store or unpack our cases. We asked for a change and were given another room at no extra cost, which proved to be entirely adequate and well equipped. The a/c worked well and the bathroom of good appointment and always plenty of extras and complimentary water etc (we had the executive club package). There is no club but gives entitlement to a complimentary drink each evening and some other services. Location is great and the breakfast extremely well provided. We loved the attention to providing the delicious artery cloggers of black pudding, porridge, kippers, smoked fish with the alternative of a really good selection of health foods and extensive range of organic foods and nuts and so on. The bar area was relaxing plus good lounge pianist. We tried the restaurant and had an excellent well cooked meal above average for restaurants and would stand alone. We booked directly and believed we obtained a good corporate deal. We would certainly stay again and recommend whatever the reason for travel.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great London location	I wanted a hotel with a great central location for my husbands birthday. We stayed here on Saturday 24th March. The reception staff were helpful &amp; welcoming &amp; we were able to check in before 2pm. The room we had was on the 1st floor &amp; whilst it was quite small it was beautifully furnished &amp; spotlessly clean.The location really is ideal - only a 15 minute stroll to Harrods/Knightsbridge &amp; even closer to Victoria &amp; just minutes from Buckingham Palace.The breaksfast was as good as I have seen anywhere - so much choice &amp; nicely presented. All buffet apart from tea/coffee &amp; toast.I booked this online directly wiith the hotel &amp; felt we got good value for money. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a short stay in London.	
Mar 21 2007 	Fab Location and Excellent Service!	My husband and I stayed at the Rubens earlier this month, and had a fabulous time! We booked a great deal through their website for a standard room. Our quiet room (I recommend staying at the back as Buckingham Palace Road can be quite busy) was quite large by European standards, with a lovely real king-size bed (not two twins pushed together) and a big bathroom stocked with Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries. We forgot to take pictures, but the room was done in hues of brown and looked just like some of the nice recent photos I'd seen either on TA or on the hotel website (can't remember which). I just remember being pleasantly surprised by the decor and size since I was expecting a small room and perhaps a little shabby (we had that later on in our trip in Ireland). While the floors did creak a bit in the hallways, we never head a sound in our room--remarkable for being in an older building in a gigantic city. We've stayed in brand new hotels that were soundproofed less and had peeling wallpaper.The housekeeping staff were excellent. We always had the room cleaned well and they kept loading us down with additional toiletries (some hotels are stingy but the Rubens certainly isn't). Since it was unseasonably warm and sunny the entire time, we used the a/c--which was quiet and worked quite well (often a little too well since we returned one evening to find we'd turned it down too low and it was a bit frigid). The breakfast buffet was fine. Sausages and such aren't really my favorite, but they did do a nice poached egg. It was nice that tthe Rubens had fresh fruit and pastries since several places later on during our trip through Ireland had unidentifiable canned fruits and horrible white toast.The location is just amazing-- across from a busy Buckingham palace (they were setting up for Commonwealth Day and a state visit by the president of Ghana while we were there), I can't recommend the Rubens enough--especially when there are loads of hotels with less than stellar locations for double the price throughout the city. We were able to walk to all the major attractions in Westminster and it was easy to pop through the park to get over to St. James and Mayfair. We loved seeing the mail delivered by horse from the Mews as well as seeing a few royal household dogs being walked!In addition to the location, the best part of the Rubens for us was their staff in the bar. Since most London pubs and restaurants close up relatively early, we ended most of our evenings at the hotel bar. I had the best Irish coffee I've ever tasted on our first night--they make theirs with double cream and it's just wonderful. The Rubens has a large collection of Scotch whiskey, and their Scottish bar manager provided the perfect end to our stay in London with a sampling of several fine whiskeys and loads of stories about growing up in Scotland and several of the distilleries throughout the country. When we return to London, we will defininitely stay at the Rubens!!	
Mar 15 2007	Beautiful Hotel - Will Return	The Rubens was recommended to me by a local while I was staying in London. I had checked out of the Victoria Park Plaza (please see my review for that hotel) after being dissatisfied. I wanted to remain in the Victoria section of London. The Rubens was conveniently located about 1 block away from the Victoria Station and Underground and from the theatre district.The hotel staff was very friendly and courteous. Door man always opened the door for me and the front desk was always helpful. I was traveling alone and the staff offered to call cabs for me. Staff was also very helpful in recommending area restaurants and ways in getting around via the tube.The bedding was high quality: warm, thick blankets and the sheets were clean and soft. The mattress was firm and the bed was very stable and I was provided with an extra blanket and six (6) firm pillows. The room was beautifuly decorated with drapery and colorful bedding with coordinating wall paper. The room itself was not large by US standards, but it had a 25 inch television, blow dryer (which was surprisingly quite adequate), cable/modem for internet connection, desk, full size and wall mirror, and a full size closet. The hotel assistant was helpful in advising where things were located in the hotel room when I checked in.The bathroom was very clean and was well stocked with amenities and clean towels daily. The bath tub was nice and deep for bathing and the shower was combined with the bath tub. The bathroom was also impeccably cleaned daily. Two bathrobes were also provided free of charge. The bathrobes were thick, terry cloth and were of excellent quality.I did not have an alarm clock with me, but staff provided wake-up calls when asked and the calls were made at the times I had requested.As expected, room service was pricey. The Hotel offered early morning breakfast by room service (starting at 6:00 a.m.) and a late night snack menu. Due to the prices, I did not utilize room service. Prices ranged from 8 GBP to 20 GPB depending what was ordered. I also ate in the area restaurants and utilized the Marks &amp; Spencer market which was located at the Victoria Station. I had used the laundry service in which I had a pair of jeans washed. My jeans were picked up immediately upon request and were delivered to me the same day and were washed and dried to satisfaction. The Daily Telegraph was also provided daily free of charge.The surrounding area of the hotel was quiet at night. Only thing is that the rooms are very close together. On my final night, a neighboring hotel guest was quite loud and I heard talking and laughing into the wee hours.The only downside to this hotel is the price of internet connection. For one hour, you are charged nearly 8 GBP which is expensive considering some hotels like the travel lodge charge 8 Pounds for 24 hour access. Placing phone calls from the Hotel was also quite expensive. Best bet is to communicate through email as the rates for calls to the US is expensive from England. I plan on returning to London and to The Rubens. The Hotel itself was beautiful and the service was impressive.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great Hotel Outstanding Service	After a bad experience with a hotel in London 2 years ago I did some research and found the Rubens (a red carnation property). The Hotel has a very central location making the need for taxis or the underground very limited. It is located across the street from the side of Buckingham Palace. The hotel was very traditional to the area having fabric covered walls and traditional furnishings and decorative pieces making for a very at comfortable feel. It truly felt that you came home each day after a long day of sightseeing. This was easy to see as the hotel lounge area was always close to being full with people sitting around having tea or a cocktail by the fireplace in the comfortable seating of wing back chairs set in groups throughout the 2 rooms on the ground floor. The rooms were well appointed and very comfortable. The decor was very warm and more like an upscale B&amp;B than a hotel. The service was outstanding. The consierge was so helpful in making arrangements for sights and dinner as well as suggestions on getting to the airport. The door people and the reception desk also always greeted us with a warm hello. It really felt like a home away from home. I needed to keep a medication cold and had to call for ice twice a day. Every time the ice was delivered to my room in less than 5 minutes. I would continue to stay at the Rubens or other Red Carnation Properties in the future.	
Mar 9 2007	Fine by me	Look out for special offers on the hotel website. We paid £116 for one night for a Winter Warmer special. This gets you a room upgrade - or a choice of other options - but I thought this better value for money. Having said that, I'd hate to think what the lower grade room was like ! The room was clean and the bathroom nicely kitted out, but the room itself was on a dog-leg and right next to a generator ! The deal also included full english breakfast and a welcome drink on arrival. We decided on claiming our drink on our return from the theatre in the evening (By the way, give Cabaret a wide birth, weak signing and flat ending). The bar staff claimed they knew nothing about the deal - and sent me off to reception to get a voucher. Receptionist also queried our entitlement - but I'd had a couple of (expensive) glasses of wine at the theatre by this point, so there was no stopping me ! Make sure you push for what you've been promised. Public areas at the hotel are far more impressive than the rooms and breakfast is great. Loads of choice and plenty of it.Rubens is well located - and I would strongly urge you to take a stroll through the park to the Cabinet War Rooms and Churchill Museum, absolutely fantastic. And Westminster Abbey, also worth the admission price.	
Mar 3 2007	Average to Below....Good location/Don't Eat There	Checked in to a Jr. Suite for 4 nights. @ $400 per night. Jr. Suite is about the size of a large room in the U.S., so don't expect anything expansive.No heat in the room when I arrived and thermostat is for AC only. Had to call down for them to turn on the radiator in the room. Like everyone says, floors make the oddest noises and creek every time you move. This was o.k. at first, but got annoying. Housekeeping did not replace wash clothes 2 days in a row (they removed them and did not replace them). So, I finally called down and asked for wash clothes.Service in the bar/retaurant is deplorable. and food mediocre Very rude and unattentive. Prices are terribly high compared to what other nice restaurants in London charge. I ate there a couple of times out of convenience. Bartenders are so rude and do not know how to fix a drink. I asked for a &quot;double&quot; whiskey and the bartender said &quot;that is a double, taste it and you will like it.&quot;!!! I saw him pour one shot glass. It was basically his attitude....$12.00 for a drink and he told me to basically drink it and shut up. Unreal.So, what is good about this place? The location is good for sightseeing/touristy things. A short walk (a couple of blocks) to St. James Park/Buckingham Palace and right across from the Mews. A nice walk to Westminster Abbey area on a nice day and even to SOHO.Oh, and like many European hotels, the King beds are actually two twins pushed together. I may be the oddball, but Icannot stand falling into that crack in the middle of a supposed King bed...so uncomfortable.Front Desk, Doorman, Bell Stand, and general service was acceptable but nothing extraordinary. Like another reviewer stated, the hotel website is a bit over the top and exaggerates/misrepresents the rooms and services. Whoever did this website deserves an award, because they made a marginal hotel look great. This is the 2nd time I stayed here and if you cannot afford at least the Jr. Suite, you will be very disappointed in all likelihood given the size of the rooms and service. This is a moderate 3-star property. Oh, and should you need high speed, it runs about $30 a day for the internet....but then again, good luck finding anything inexpensive in London. Dollar is miserable against the Pound now....buyer beware.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good place to stay	Stayed at The Rubens for a long weekend at the beginning of February. Chose it based on the reviews and because it was close to the theatre we had decided to go to. Very pleasant and friendly staff, nice fresh clean room and bathroom (I'm picky about bathrooms). Good powerful shower and plenty of hot water. Extremely comfortable bed! – with a duvet and not blankets. Rooms not over-big but big enough and what do you want for a long weekend in the capital, you're not going to spend much time in it. OK, the floors creak – but what the heck, it's an old building and I don't recall being disturbed during the night (and I'm not a particularly heavy sleeper).Best breakfast spread I've seen at a hotel - ever. We had the carvery dinner inclusive deal and the choice on the buffet was excellent and well cooked – no soggy veg!Nothing negative at all – we will definitely go back	
Feb 26 2007 	Great value and really helpful old fashioned service	Recently stayed at several 4 star hotels in London and this is the best by far. Room and bathroom well stocked with basics, and the bed and bedding were great quality.The room was ready when i arrived at 11.30 am and when I failed to get back in time to check out by 12.00 they were happy following my phone call to collect my luggage and hold it until the evening. I stayed there during a couple of days of snow and the staff were helpful and knowledgeable about how to amend my travel plans to get around due the snow. I did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on the quality of food, but the menu included an Indian themed week and sounded great and good value. The location worked great as a base from Paddington to meetings in West End, Westminster and out to Canary Wharf. I would certainly use this hotel again.	
Feb 21 2007 	Nice Hotel - Food Average	We enjoyed a 2 night stay. Location opposite the Royal Mews was excellent and an easy walk to many famous landmarks. We dined in the Restaurant both nights. The first night we tried the A la Carte Restaurant which was rather pricey and I'd say the food was average. The Bar is very comfortable and a nice place to relax. The following night we dined in the Carvery for a pre theatre supper. This was much better and reasonably priced. The staff were very attentive and friendly. Our room was on the small side but very comfortable. Breakfast was buffet style but there was a huge choice.	
Feb 12 2007 	Couldn't fault our stay	We Stayed for 2 nights arriving Friday at midday, 2 hours before official check in, our room was ready and we were checked in by a very pleasant and efficent receptionist. The hotel was very busy for the duration of our stay but we never received anything other than helpful and efficient service, always delivered in a pleasant and cheerful way, we can't praise the staff enough. Watch out for the breakfast and the carvery, guaranteed to pile on the pounds. The hotel is spotless and well maintained,in an ideal location and we will certainly return.	
Feb 7 2007 	I wish I had something good to say	I work as a Travel Co-ordinator and booked two of our just appointed sales managers at Rubens at the Palace as the hotel looks very impressive on their web site, has good location and had a decent price as well.Surprisingly enough, when my managers arrived at the hotel they were told the hotel is FULLY BOOKED despite the fact they had confirmed bookings. It was shocking for everybody as they were asked to go to some other hotel at 9pm. I thought it was unacceptable and called the hotel to find out what happened. The duty manager explained that this outbooking happens rather often and it's a normal practice for them. My managers have travelled around the UK for business for more than 20 years and this had never happened to them before.I could see from the other reviews that people really liked their experience at this hotel, well, we never got to experiencing it at all.	
Feb 3 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	Being our first trip to London, after hearing about how small hotel rooms in the U.K. are, we were pleasantly surprised to find our hotel room very spacious and comfortable! The bathtub was very large and the room overall was extremely nice! The staff were incredibly friendly, too. The biggest complaint we have is that all of the floors in the upper levels squeak very loud when you walk on them, so if you're out late, you risk waking the other guests, and they you. The hotel is also a short walk away from everything! It is just a couple of blocks from Victoria Station, and it's right across the street from Buckingham Palace. It is a 15 minute walk to the River Thames. Very good location!! Well worth the money, and we look forward to going back there!	
Feb 1 2007 	Great Hotel Best one Ive stayed in London	Having visited London many times I ve got a little tired of expensive hotels offering little for a lot of money. This Hotel is different. The Rubens is a lovely hotel with friendly staff, in a good location. Its worth paying a bit more for a bigger room. The rooms are very spacious, comfortable beds, and everything you would require is there. The food is very high quality, there is a piano bar and you just feel very comfortable being there. There are no great facilities pool etc but if your not that bothered, no problem.The best Hotel Ive stayed in London so far.	
Jan 18 2007	Absolutely loved the Rubens	We have just returned from a great trip to London...Our stay at The Rubens at the Palace was an absolute joy..The rooms are wonderful and the beds heavenly after long days of sightseeing. The feather quilts were so luxurious, just hated to get out of bed in the mornings. The service was incredible, the consierge went above and beyond his duties. The whole staff at the hotel were just marvelous, friendly, courteous and so helpful. We can't wait to go to England again so we can stay at the Rubens.	
Jan 13 2007 	A Wonderful Week at the Rubens	I stayed at the Rubens during a business trip in December and it was absolutely delightful. Being as though it was my first trip to London, i didn't really know what to expect. However, the Rubens was absolutely a wonderful choice in terms of location (walking distance to Buckingham Palace and the Victoria Tube station). The staff were very accomodating and the room service was better than average. My only complaint (or rather suprise) was the size of the rooms - my room was VERY tiny - I'd say my bathroom was almost as big as my room, but I think that's typical for European hotels. My only complaint would have to be the floors, which were quite creaky and the lift, which was very slow. The rooms are quite expensive but if you can manage it, I'd certainly recommend The Rubens. Thanks for a lovely stay~!	
Jan 2 2007 	Sheer excellence!	I organised a theatre break in London for my sister's 60th birthday in November. I was looking for a triple ensuite room as my eldest sister was coming on the break too. I looked for an hotel not too far away from the theatre and other well known London sights and came up with The Rubens on the theatrebreaks website.Not knowing what to expect but wanting the best for this birthday treat for my sister I was not let down by The Rubens. From the moment I was greeted at the door to the time we went back to pick up our luggage before travelling back to our homes in various parts of the country we were treated with curtesy and respect.The service was excellent and the staff were very helpful; the room was of a very high standard and did not lose any elements of luxury by being a triple room - which was fun being all in the same room together. The bars and reception areas were warm and comfortable; full of charm without being stuffy.We had an excellent pre-theatre meal at the hotel which made the evening run smoothly as a taxi was called for as soon as we had finished and were ready to go to the theatre. The location of the hotel was also excellent for a spot of sight seeing and shopping - it is literally around the corner from Buckingham Palace, opposite the Royal Mews. I thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants luxury and comfort along with excellent service - whether you are travelling from abroad or in the UK you won't be disappointed by a stay at The Rubens at the Palace.	
Dec 14 2006	Not as good as The Chesterfield	The staff are very good, friendly and helpful, but there are things that are not quite right here. My bathroom was small and getting shabby. Chipped and cracked tiles, funny old coats of arms on the loo and bath panel were old-fashioned and chipped. I expect better for £180 a night plus VAT. The bedroom was pleasant and quiet given the location, but why don't they sort out the curtains??? If I had a pound for every hotel I've stayed in where the curtains are hanging off, I'd be a rich woman.Their sister hotel, The Chesterfield, is much smarter and better maintained.	
Dec 6 2006 	Gem in London	This is a very good hotel. I think I have found a regular little gem to stay when I'm in London. Nothing was too much trouble. All Staff were polite, smiling and friendly. The Manager met us on arrival and introduced himself. We were upgraded to a King (without asking) and Housekeeping knocked on the door early eve to check if there was anything we wanted. Slight hick-up in the restaurant on our first night, but it was quickly put right and Staff was so apologetic. Buckingham Palace within walking distance and if you cut across St James Park you can walk to most other attractions. We walked to Westminster and on to Oxford St. shopping. Taxi to Paddington was around £8 to £9. I have stayed with Red Carnation Hotels before (Montague on the Gardens in Bloomsbury), but this location was far better. Can't wait to return.	
Dec 1 2006 	Fancy but reasonable!	We stayed at Rubens at the Palace the last two nights of our trip and it was great. The rooms were very nice and clean and the hotel itself was very classy. We enjoyed an evening in the bar with good service and piano music in the background. The location is ideal, just a few blocks from Victoria Station. The service was pretty good but they were a little snobby and I don't know if that is because we're young and not all done up like many of their guests or what. Overall, it was a great experience and if the exchange rate wasn't so bad then the price would have been pretty reasonable.	
Nov 22 2006 	First class hotel in terrific location	Have stayed at the Rubens many times, and it continues to be the hotel of choice in London. The location is fantastic, across from the Royal Mews on the backside of Buckingham Palace, and more importantly, just a stone's throw from Victoria Station. So, all the transportation in the world is at your doorstep.The hotel is traditional, but very up-to-date. Rooms are being remodeled and updated, and they represent excellent value. Although the rooms are not huge, that statement is almost irrelevant in London where even top-end hotels seem cramped. The bathrooms are very well appointed. Staff are friendly and accommodating, as well.Breakfast is buffet-style, but with a wide choice of options. The bar is cozy, and the formal dining room, The Library, is quite handsome and capable.We recommend this property very highly. It's been consistent over multiple stays, and offers a first-class, value-based experience.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great stay and loved the location!	This is a great hotel for the price. My husband and I stayed in October and paid around $175 per night for 5 nights. We had a king bed in our room which took up a lot of space. The rooms are a little on the small side so if you don't need the king then opt for the queen and you will have more space. The hotel is in a great location w/in walking distance to Victoria Station. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the full breakfast every morning. We eat a vegan diet and they had soy milk and many organic cereals/nuts, etc. for us which is unusual. We ended up walking to many of the attractions and occassionaly taking the tube which is quite easy to use and efficient. London was great. The only complaint I have on the hotel is our room smelled kind of funky like mold or mildew but not too bad.	
Nov 14 2006 	my favorite hotel in the world	this hotel is one of the best hotels we have ever stopped in &amp; if you are thinking of visitig then go for it , You will not have any problems everything is good , rooms , food , staff , we visit every year 2 or 3 times &amp; are hooked , If you want something special book a royal room they are nice bit small but very nice ,	
Nov 7 2006 	Comfy and Nice	I agree with other reviewers that staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms are comfortable and reasonably sized washrooms by London standards. Easy access to Victoria Station and many pubs and well priced eating places nearby. I would stay again.	
Oct 28 2006 	Loved the Hotel	We had a great time in London. The breakfast was so wonderful, everything you could think of! High Tea is a must, what a treat. The location could not be better. You are able to access all of the public transportation, private tours and walking to Buckingham Palace. Great staff and great room. Everyone at the hotel was helpful.	
Oct 15 2006 	Would Stay Again 	Had 2 twin rooms for 5 nights in Sept. Our second stay at the Rubens. Full filled every expectation. We had High Tea, had drinks and a snack in the bar, had the full English Breakfast and used the concierge and wakeup service. We found everything excellent. The food in the bar was exceptionally good and worked well for a quick dinner before the theatre. The concierge was always smiling, a tremendous help in acquiring various tickets, and was the same gentlemen who had been so helpful to us 5 years ago. Don't miss this special hotel.	
Oct 6 2006 	Upstairs/Downstairs -- Two different worlds	Location is terrific, across from Buckingham Palace in the Westminster area and very near Victoria Station. Downstairs lounge and restaurant were well appointed and quite lovely. The piano bar is charming, with music every night. Downstairs desk staff and management were extremely helpful and accommodating at every step and misstep along the way. Breakfasts were feasts if an English breakfast is included in your room rate. One day we were given the full English breakfast. However, the next day we were told that only a Continental breakfast was included and they wanted to charge us a huge amount for the English breakfast. When we argued the point, hotel management immediately gave us the English breakfast without further charge. We were never sure what was what.Upstairs, our room was a much less positive experience. The hotel is old and creaky, with tiny elevators. Our room was so small that we couldn't open both of our suitcases simultaneously. This is not a hotel for the claustrophobic. Housekeeping was a nightmare, perhaps because we were the victims of new cleaning staff. One day our room wasn't cleaned until almost 5 pm. The next day, certain essential toiletries were not provided. A call to housekeeping got our room turn-down service, but still no toiletries. The room TV screen was quite small, with only 10 or so channels. Wirelss Internet service was about $20 an hour! There was no desk or chair in the room. We had to remove a small table from the room to make room for our suitcases. I have a hunch that the hotel has many different categories and kinds of rooms. I'm sure that some are larger and more comfortable than ours.	
Oct 6 2006 	The Greatest Hotel in London	I would just liek to share my experience of this fine hotel.I have stayed in many top class hotels in London yet have never found a hotel which trumps The Rubens for value for money and location.I first stayed at The Rubens in 2004 and since then, I have stayed at the hotel each time I visit London.The staff are the greatest and most curteous I have experienced in any hotel. From the reception to the concierge, from the manager to the door man. When one enters the hotel, you can tell that it is in a whole different league to others. The hotel must occupy the greatest position of any hotel in England. It is directly opposite the Royal Mews, which is an extention to Buckingham Palace, and is where the Queens horses are kept. If you are fortunate enough to have a room, which I always have, which faces the Royal Mews, you can often see of a morning, the Queens riders training and exercising her horses.Rooms are very grand in decor and sizes depend on the cost of the particular room. All are decorated in traditional Georgian style which almost emulates the style of Buckingham Palace, to some extent. All rooms have complimentary slippers and the usual consumables and cosmetic products. In addition, there are plush bath robes. The bathrooms are in modern style and complete with all the things you would expect of a 5* hotel.Afternoon tea is superb and is taken in the tea room overlooking Buckingham Palace. It is well priced and in a beautiful surrounding. Similarly, the bar is of a similar style, further back from the tea room, and has a grand range of cocktails and canapes. It is furnished in typical Queen Anne style and even has teh odd British Military Souvenir such as hanging standards (colours) of the various regiments of the British Army as well as a life size Home Quard uniform complete with Bear-Skin.Of an evening, one can take drinks in the loungs, whilst listening to a range of easy-listening lounge singers and pianists. The atmosphere is what one would expect perhaps 50 years ago in London, and is very hard to find in Britain today.A tip I would suggest to any would-be-guest, or returning visitor, is to upgrade to a 'Royal Room'. These rooms have prime position overlooking Buckingham Palace, and are in a seperate wing of the hotel, and can only be accessed by those staying in such rooms. The rooms themselves are slightly bigger than a standard room, yet are themed on a particular monarch from history past, and decorated to an even higher standard. These rooms are a little more expensive, however, they are well worth the extra expenditure.Overall, I will certainly be staying at The Rubens again in the very near future, and will continue to do so. The Rubens surpasses the finest hotels in London, and is well worth the price considering the experience of staying in the hotel and its amazing location.Go now and experience a little part of British History.	
Oct 5 2006 	Could have made a better choice	As a result of excellent reviews on Trip Advisor, we booked 2 superior twin rooms for 5 nights at the Rubens for late September, 2006.We found a good rate on their website and it included a full English breakfast each day. Our actual experience at the Rubens fell far short of excellent, although it was okay.Our biggest problem was lack of friendliness. We planned to rely on the concierge for advice but from the moment we arrived, we were treated like second-class citizens by all the front lobby people. Perhaps this is because we were all women (4 of us); perhaps it was because we booked at their gay rate and they stigmatized us, perhaps they felt our appearance wasn't up to their standards (we'd just flown in all night from 9 days on safari in Kenya). Other problems: in spite of our requests, we never got more than a partial roll of toilet paper in our room; wake-up calls didn't happen; and one toilet flushed only occasionally. We left notes for the housekeeper about this, but we were told at check-out that we should have called the front desk. Full English breakfast was included and it was lavish and lovely every day. However, coffee service was spotty, and downright rude two of the mornings. The last two mornings we got lucky with a very likable young man. We left him big tips! My suggestion would be to tip well and before the meal on the first day to guarantee good service the rest of your stay. The young woman, Monica, who is the breakfast hostess, was a very friendly and likable person. Her attitude was the exception to the demeanor of the lobby staff and a majority of the waitpeople. The rooms are a bit small even though we opted for the superior twin. We didn't even ask for an upgrade to view rooms as we planned to spend little time in the rooms. We found the rooms to be spotlessly clean and pretty. Double sets of windows render the room very quiet, yet you can also open a window if you wish. The linens were very nice, though the bedspread weighs a ton. One of our two rooms had no problem at all with the toilet, so I guess we were just unlucky with the one. We also received a very welcome newspaper each morning.Coffee in the room is instant coffee, as it practically always is outside the USA. But it wasn't bad. Knowing what we know now, we would have instead chosen a location in or near Piccadilly Circus, for we found that we spent most of our time, and attended theatres, in that general area. Getting a cab after the theatre in London is very difficult. My impression of the Piccadilly Circus area is that it's a bit rougher neighborhood, but we never felt hesitant in that area.Rubens is directly across the street from the Mews (carriage storage and museum) of Buckingham Palace and you can walk to the big gates and the Changing of the Guard in 2 minutes from the hotel's front door. And Victoria Station is also 2 minutes in the other direction. There is some shopping in this area as well. Westminister Abbey and the riverfront are both within a pleasant walking distance, too. Walking through St. James Park at Buckingham Palace is a very pleasant stroll. There are also at least 8 attractive pubs and eating establishments within the two block area of the hotel.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Oasis in London	My wife, son, and I stayed at The Rubens at the Palace and could not have been happier. The suite we had was elegant with a separate bedroom from the living room area. The location could not be better, a mere few blocks from Victoria Station, a few blocks from Buckingham Palace, and within walking distance of Westminster Cathedral and Abbey, as well as the Parliament Building. The staff is extremely gracious and helpful. The restaurant was quite good, and the afternoon tea is exquisite. For a London hotel the rates are competitive, but the rooms and staff will make an impression you won't soon forget. It is also within walking distance of a number of good retaurants serving a variety of international cuisines. Our next trip to London will include another stay The Rubens.	
Oct 3 2006	Too stiff for me	We booked this hotel only for 1 night because our return flight from Europe to Vancouver was from London. The price was 99 GBP per double room per night including taxes and English breakfast.The building is very old, the floors are squeaky everywhere.The stuff was very polite and friendly, maybe a little bit too much, as their smiles looked fake to us. In general, everybody tried to serve you as hard as they could, and I felt quite uncomfortable. The room was small, but had TV, desk and a big wardrobe. The washroom was fine and spacious and had everything we needed - shampoo, body lotion, hair dryer, etc.English breakfast was not tasty: there were beans, sausages, mushrooms, scrambled eggs and ham. There was also a variety of croissants, Danishes, etc. At all times the waiters were standing right behind you, and all I wanted was to get out of there as quickly as I could! At the check-up to our surprise we were charged 35 GBP for this breakfast (which was greatly overpriced even for London). They seemed to be surprised to learn that the breakfast was already included in the price, although they apologized and revised my invoice immediately after I had shown them my booking confirmation from Venere.com.I wouldn't stay in this hotel next time I am in London - too stiff for me.	
Sep 28 2006 	As close to the Queen as you can get	I spent three nights at Rubens at the Palace in August and loved it. The location itself is worth the price. You can easily walk with your luggage from Victoria Station and it is also located within easy walking distance of so many of London's top attractions including Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, the London Eye, etc. I was traveling alone and felt very safe coming and going at night from this hotel. The room was very small but well decorated and quiet (I had a second floor room) The staff was pleasant but sometimes had to scramble to get tourist information. For instance, I missed the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace because they told me the wrong date. Breakfast each morning had an amazing variety of food and was a bit pricey. I would stay here again.	
Sep 14 2006 	Hard to find a fault - at all!!	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights in August on one of their specials which included a bottle of champagne.Right from getting to the hotel door you could tell this was somewhere which cared about its customers. During our stay we found all staff friendly and welcoming and ready to act on our requests.The rooms are small but the building is very old and in a very convenient spot (near the underground, Buckingham Palace, Westminster etc and London Parks). They are however, very clean and well decorated.The breakfasts are nothing short of superb. So much variety and, again, very friendly and helpful staff. If you want a hotel close to many of London's highlights (or the means to get to them), operated by diligent staff and with a little bit of English history thrown in, look no further.	
Sep 10 2006 	A Royal Sleep at the Rubens	I stayed at the Rubens at the Palace last year over the Christmas holiday and felt the service and quality of the hotel with an unbeatable location to be exceptional.The front desk is extremely friendly but most helpful was the concierge. I had waited until the last minute to secure airport transportation and asked the concierge for recommendations. He made the calls and confirmed my registration twice with written notes that he slipped under my door when I was out. He had also written down recommendations for New Years Eve dinners. I also felt the breakfast staff to be extremely professional although it is a bit overpriced if not included in rate. There are a few cafes two or three blocks away which were much cheaper and which also served a full English breakfast at half the cost.The rooms are beautiful and larger than other standard rooms that I have stayed at in London. What I remember the most was the bed, one of the most comfortable that I have had the pleasure to sleep on--plush comforter, pillows and mattress. I would return to the Rubens just for the bed alone.As for the location, it really can't be beat. First the hotel is across from Buckingham Palace but it is also walking distance to Victoria Station. Having stayed before in Hyde Park, I much preferred being closer to bus/tube stops so I did not have to rely as much on the expensive taxis, particularly when coming back from theatres or bars at night.A recommendation --Spaniards Inn in Hempstead, although it is a bit out of the way, it is well worth it. I will definitely be returning to the Rubens on my next visit to London. I have since recommended this hotel to several friends and they also haven't been disappointed.	
Sep 10 2006 	weekend at the rubens	Stayed at the rubens over august bank holiday. It more than lived up to my expectations, we had a wonderful weekend and could'nt praise the staff more highly. For an old fashioned typically english bit of tlc i would highly recommend the rubens.	
Sep 5 2006	A Very Pleasant Stay at the Rubens!	Arrived at the Rubens August 8 for two nights during a whirlwind tour of London. I researched London hotels thoroughly before booking our stay at the Rubens. Let me say, I was most definetly not disappointed! I was a little concerned about what others had posted about the size of the room. However, the size of the room was not an issue in the least. I had a double twin room and we had plenty of room. The room was beautifully decorated in the classic English style. The bathroom was especially nice and also had plenty of room.Did not eat in any of the Ruben's restaurants. There are plenty of restaurants nearby. If you crave American fast food, don't forget about the fast food restaurants in Victoria Station.You can stay at the Rubens and never have to worry about taking a taxi, the Underground, or city bus to get to any of the tourist attractions. We arrived at Victoria Station by Terravision bus from Stanstead Airport. We walked the 3-4 blocks to the hotel and then took the Hop-on-Hop-off bus that picks up at Grosvenor Park (directly across from Victoria Station). There are many attractions within walking distance.All staff that I encountered at the Rubens were extremely nice and attentive. The front desk, the concierge, the doorman, and even the maintenance staff (who arrived at out door within 5 minutes after reporting that a light bulb had blown) were very pleasant.To sum things up, I look forward to returning to London someday when I have more time to spend. I will DEFINETLY stay at the Rubens again.	
Aug 30 2006 	The Rubens is the place to stay!!!!	I just returned from my European vacation and while in London, I stayed at the Rubens. This hotel is fantastic! Although, the rooms are small, as one reviewer indicated, they were clean and well maintained. The hotel is in a great location (just a short walk from Buckingham Palace and Victoria Station). The staff were extremely attentive, courteous and helpful. My hat's off to the folks at the front desk, to the folks who clean up after them. If I needed something right away -- it was there within a few minutes. Regarding the food, I heard that British food was bland, but at the Rubens, it was much better than I expected. This hotel may have a 4-star rating, but it was much better than some of the 5-stars I had heard about. I wish I could give it a 5th star!	
Aug 28 2006 	Golden Wedding Celebration	As a gift to my parents who were celebrating their Golden Wedding Anniversary, I booked them into the Rubens for 3 nights. They had such a wonderful time and were so touched by the personal care and attention they received, making them feel very welcome and special. They loved everything about the hotel from their room (superior double), to the decor in the lounge, the breakfast, the evening meal in the Old Masters, the location, the view of the mews ..... As for myself, being the organiser and payer of the bill, I found the staff very efficient and helpful and able to accommodate everything I asked for. I would strongly reccommend this hotel and wouldn't mind staying there myself! Thank you to Dave, John, Soliman, Nathan, Michael in particular.June, Leeds, UK	
Aug 27 2006 	We loved our British experience immensely!	We recently spent a night at the Rubens Hotel and my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed it. We chose the Rubens because it met our requirements--a thoroughly British hotel that was centrally located. Our goal was to get in the most sightseeing in a short amount of time and to experience a hotel decorated in 100 percent English decor. Based on this criteria, the Rubens was a perfect fit. We arrived by bus at Victoria station and were pleased that the hotel was just a short walk. We loved the decor of the hotel with its old English paintings and authentic furniture. It seemed to be appropriate for its location near Buckingham Palace right across the street. Our room was very small, but it was tastefully decorated and the bed was very comfortable. We thought the bathroom was very nice and modern, and I loved the designer soaps. They had a nice tea service hidden in the armoire as well, which was a pleasant surprise.I searched a long time to find a booking agent that would include breakfast in our room rate because we wanted to experience it. We were glad we did as the continental English breakfast was elaborate and something we will never forget. It included rarities such as many kinds of fresh berries and unusual kinds of seeds for mueslix cereal. The wait staff was extremely efficient and attentive and the head waiter was a lovely gentleman. The only negatives we encountered were a slow check in procedure and slow housekeeping. The computers seemed slow. However, we went with the flow and did not get upset. The desk staff and manager were all very friendly and apologetic. In the end, they upgraded our room to a deluxe double with a view of the Mews so we were happy.The restaurant was expensive but there are many restaurants up and down the street. We found a nice healthy sandwich shop and also enjoyed Fish and Chips at The Shakespeare Pub nearby.If you do stay here, try to get a rate which includes breakfast and be prepared for a slow check in We took a ride on the hop on -hop off bus while we waited for a room to become available. The buses stop right nearby, so you can see the major sites in a quick manner. We would definitely go back as we loved it. We feel like we got to experience an authentic and nice slice of British life in 24 hrs.	
Aug 19 2006	Lock Up Your Valuables	We spent 5 days at Rubens and it has a lot of positives: it has lovely decor and the location can't be beat. It is within walking distance of Victoria Station and the hop on/hop off bus and most buslines run nearby. It is a short walk to Buckingham Palace and the Mews. Now for the bad: the rooms are tiny, even by European standards. Totally unpacking to relieve some of the room congestion was not an option as the wardrobe drawers were blocked by the desk. The tub/shower was incredibly slippery, even with the provided bathmat, and the tub surround left it so high off the ground that climbing in an out was an adventure. Several of us slipped and fell either in the tub itself or climbing out. We ate in the hotel twice and the food was overpriced and simply average. We did enjoy having a late drink and snacks in the Cavalry bar but, again, this was overpriced.I was surprised at how little information the desk could provide for us on their own dining facilities, let alone recommending nearby restaurants. The concierge had a guide book similar to ours that he thumbed through to fin d a good Indian restaurant.The worst experience, however, was our first day. My son-in-law left his Balckberry in his coat pocket and hung the coat on the back of a chair. We went out to dinner and, on our return, found the Backberry was missing. The staff made no followup whatsoever. We had to ask every day and each time they acted like we had never filed a report. Obviously the number of people with access to the room was small in that 2 hour window, but we saw no evidence that the staff did anything to retrieve the Balcberry. So if you stay here, lock everything up!	
Aug 16 2006 	Nice hotel good breakfast!	We stayed at teh Rubens for 4 nights in July. The staffs are nice, room small as most in Europe but comfortable. We had robes and slippers supplied. The elevators were very slow but we're o.k. with the stairs.The breakfast was the best of this one month European trip of ours. They even provide a selection of organic products!Location is good. Very close to the Victoria Station. Buckingham Palace, Queen's Gallery and the Mew are just across the street. The Rubens was a very pleasant surprise!	
Aug 2 2006 	overpriced	It was fine and the air conditioning was great and William the concierge couldn't have been nicer .... I booked so that breakfast was included and upon checkout, they had charged us $70 a day --my young son had 2 bites of potato which certainly wasn't worth $35 a day! So I complained and they removed the breakfast charge.I read the other comments and I don't disagree with them -- but we payed about $400 a night and at that price I was very underwhelmed--- for $150 a night, it would have been great.	
Jul 28 2006 	Extraordinary!	This hotel is just delightful. After a disasterous one-night experience in another hotel I checked into Rubens at the Palace for a week and thought I was in heaven. Where do I begin? The staff is top-notch, friendly, and extremely efficient, the entire place is spotlessly clean, the rooms are nicely furnished and well-equipped with all the amenities you would expect. I arrived during a London heat-wave, so I was pleased that the air conditioning in the room as well as throughout the hotel made it very comfortable. The Rubens is very English, so don't miss the wonderful afternoon tea. John the Bar Manager went out of his way to accomodate us, and William at the Front Desk was courteous, helpful, and professional. The location is great, around the corner from Buckingham Palace, and within easy walking distance of Victoria Station and many shops and restaurants. London is an expensive city so I am not sure when I can get back there, but I'll be sure to stay at the Rubens again when I do!	
Jul 27 2006 	Everything I expected.	My daughter and I were at Rubens for 7 nights. Previous reviews had gone on about how small the rooms were. We found the room to be a standard London hotel size - smaller than North America but this did not pose a problem at all for us. We were very comfortable and had ample room to move around. The rooms were cleaned beautifully every day and the bathroom was spotless. We had room service on two occasions and this was prompt and efficient. Breakfast was amazing with impeccable service from the dining room staff. Reception staff were very efficient as well. The hotel has the best location - very close to Victoria station and just down the road from Buckingham Palace.We had an amazing stay and couldn't have asked for more. We felt we got great value for money. We would definitely stay again and would recommend Rubens.	
Jul 16 2006	Excellent stay	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Rubens. We got a good deal, £119 a night for a superior room incl full breakfast and a bottle of champagne (had to prompt for the champagne but then it came no problems).The room was a decent size, very clean, nice decor and bathroom with a view of the Royal Mews. Soundproof, well stocked with bathrobes, slippers, plenty of storage. Tv reception was abit fuzzy but we weren't really there to watch TV! Staff were lovely, friendly, not stuffy, excellent service with a smile.Breakast was really nice with full English, healthy organic things, lots of choice with fruit and fruit juices.Not the place to go if you can't stand the Royalty but otherwise a fab stay!	
Jul 11 2006	Loved the Rubens at the Palace in London.	Just spent a night pre-cruise at the Rubens at the Palace Hotel near Buckingham Palace in London. Our AAA agent found it, and for about $188, after taxes for the night, we would highly recommend it. Typical small European room, but nicely decorated...Breakfast too pricey for our needs, but we found a small restaurant 2 minutes up the street with ample offerings and reasonable prices. Close to Victoria Station and just up the street from Buckingham Palace gates. Concierge helpful, as was lobby staff.	
Jul 10 2006	Excellent hotel !	The Rubens is an Excellent hotel !! First let me say that I am very particular about hotels and spent a great deal of time researching hotels for our stay in London. All of the positive reviews on TripAdvisor turned out to be true. You can ignore the few negative ones. We stayed at the Rubens for 5 nights and had 2 rooms (one King and one Twin). The location is excellent... across the street from Buckingham Palace, a few blocks from Victoria station, and within walking distance to a lot of the sights. The hotel is maticulously maintained. The rooms were plenty big enough and were actually good size by european standards. I have stayed in much smaller rooms. The rooms were decorated in a quaint English style which was really nice. Yes, the floors creaked a little but that only added to the ambiance of the room. The elevators were small, but there were 2, and anyway, who cares. The lobby, bar, and 2 restaurants were beautifully decorated. We had a chance to eat a casual lunch in the afternoon tea room area and had dinner at both restaurants. One offered an excellent buffet with lots of food variety including deserts. The other was a first class dining experience. The breakfast buffet was also a good choice. Eating in the hotel was expensive, but that was primarily due to the almost 2 dollars to 1 pound exchange rate. The hotel staff were all very friendly and attentive to our every need.Bottom line is that the Rubens is trully a great value for the price. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it without any reservations.	
Jul 3 2006	Great Comfortable Stay!	Stayed at the Rubens for a long weekend and definitely enjoyed myself. Sure, the room was typically proportioned for London (small) and the floors did creak as previous posters mentioned, but it was very clean and offered excellent air conditioning, which was much appreciated because the weather was HOT when I was there. My room didn’t have much of a view, but I didn’t come to London to sit in my room and look out at the city. The bed was very comfortable with great pillows and the bathroom was spacious and well appointed.From a location perspective, Rubens is great. The Gatwick Express train service left me off at Victoria Station, which was only a short walk away from the hotel. The hotel was also a perfect location to venture out on my two Saturday activities…the Queen’s 80th birthday parade (Trooping the Colour) at Buckingham Palace and a concert at Hyde Park (Foo Fighters). Both fun, yet very different, activities!I’d definitely recommend the Rubens for fellow London visitors.	
Jun 30 2006	Good Hotel - Great Location	This hotel is good. You can't beat the location, very central and easy to get around. The room is an adequate size, larger than most hotel rooms in Europe. The beds were comfortable. Staff is friendly and helpful. Did not eat here so cannot comment on food. The bar is good. Lifts is a bit small, so you might just want to take the stairs. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2006	Quintessential English	I have taken my Mom to London between 10 - 12 June 2006, as a treat for her 58th birthday. I had stayed before at the Rubens, two years ago, with my husband, when we celebrated our wedding anniversary there. The contrast between the bustling city outside and the serenity within the doors of this luxury London Hotel, is just one of the quiet miracles performed by the four star deluxe hotel, Rubens at The Palace, London.This is, most and foremost, an elegant four-star hotel literally across the road from Buckingham Palace's Royal Mews Entrance. Furnished in a traditional English style, it reminds you of the days gone by, the parties for debutantes, for which it was built initially, of history and oppulence.The reception and restaurant staff are friendly and extremely curteous and efficient, the concierge very knowledgeable and helpful, and the rest just incredibly smart and polite. the room was well-appointed, although I was disappointed to notice it wasn't as big as the other King Superior room i had stayed in before, and that the view was rather absent - the windows faced the interior yard and its many pipes, vents etc. The time before we stayed in a lovely room facing Royal Mews, just above the hotel entrance. Also, I noted the absence of the mini-bar, which was present the time before in a room suppossed to be identical to this one. That meant we drank the provided water warm rather than ice-cold, especially on the hottest day of the year yet - there were 31 degrees Celsius!However, provided you ask for these things specifically in advance, be sure to stay here when you come to London! it's so near every landmrk you can think of! Victoria station is a mere 200m (0.12 miles) walk away! Mum and I hardly used our 3-day tube cards as we mostly walked everywhere! Next door to the hotel, there is a souvenir shop which provides items bearing the hotel's name and its parent chain Red Carnation Hotels. Also, next door but one is the Official Buckingham Palace Store, selling exclusive Royal merchandise. Not too far from tourist and serious shopper's Mecca - Harrods! Room service was prompt and we were amazed at the size of the portions. We ordered a Turkey club sandwich and its vegetarian option and were faced with two huge plates (see photos) of it! The room was cleaned daily and staff were discreet and quick.Check-out was efficient and friendly, and we felt sad to leave... It's an experience never to be missed, especially afternoon tea in the Library Room!	
Jun 23 2006	Wonderful Stay	My stay at the Rubens was nothing short of fantastic. The staff was wonderful. They were friendly, helpful and courteous. The concierge was wonderful. He got us tickets for &quot;Mama Mia&quot; and &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, which I highly recommend. Fabulous shows. The doorman even took down my email address so he could contact me about a pair of shoes he was wearing and I was interested in purchasing a pair for myself. How's that for going out of your way to be helpful. The room was big and very clean. The bathroom was the same. We (I traveled with a friend) had breakfast only one morning at the hotel. Great variety. Totally enjoyed the experience. You can't beat the location. You can walk to many of the attractions. Had my cup of coffee with the Queen every morning, since Buckingham Place is such a short distance away. Great fun. I have read some of the other review. One in particular was not particularly flattering. I have to disgree with their review. The Rubens has everything. Guess you can't please everyone. Thanks to the staff for making my first trip to Lodon such a wonderful experience. THANKS!	
Jun 22 2006	Rubens - a different experience	After reading all of these positive reviews and looking at pictures on the website, I was very excited to book this hotel for our last night's stay in London before flying back to the USA. I booked a Superior King with a view for our 3 teenagers and a Royal Room with the Royal Weekend package for the 2 adults. Our Royal Package included breakfast and tea. I found a decent weekend rate (although still expensive when converted to US dollars). Upon checkin the receptionist told me that the triple room for the teenagers was not ready, but my Royal room was ready so we could store our luggage there until the other room was ready. She also told me that my Royal package included dinner, tickets to the Queen's Royal Apartments in addition to Tea and Breakfast. I was somewhat shocked since I was unaware of the dinner and tickets being included in my rate. I questioned the receptionist and told her that I booked only the breakfast, but she insisted that all of this was included and that she would be happy to make reservations for us in their dining room for dinner. My thoughts - if dinner is included then by all means the 2 adults will definitely be there.When we took our luggage up to the Royal Room (accessible only through an additional locked door) I was absolutely shocked at how tiny this &quot;Royal Room&quot; actually was. It was decorated to the hilt and stuffed with furniture and big portraits on the wall) so much so that I actually didn't think it would hold our luggage. But we did manage to squeeze it in, although we had no room to walk.We went out sightseeing for a while but arrived back in plenty of time for our dinner reservations, and upon return were told that our additional room was ready. So up we headed to the Royal Room through 2 locked doors on the elevator that would barely hold 5 people and definitely NO luggage. We grabbed the kids luggage and had to make 2 seperate trips on the small and slow elevator down to their room. Upon entering the room it was only a double bed...not the Superior King with foldout bed that I had reserved. So back UP to my room I went (through 2 locked doors) to get my paperwork for the reservation confirmation to take back down to the front desk. The lady wouldn't even look at my paperwork, but said that she could &quot;upgrade&quot; me to a room for 3 people for an additional charge. At this point my nerves were starting to wear thin. Why would I &quot;pay&quot; to &quot;upgrade&quot; to a room that I've already reserved and have my printed confirmation in hand. BTW, both of my reservations were made through the hotel's booking facility...not some 3rd party. The lady still would not look at my paperwork, but instead made several phone calls and explained that the reservation was made through some company affiliated with their hotel...which was a complete waste of my time because I really didn't give a crap at this point. All I wanted was my room. Finally she came back and told me that I was exactly correct (surprise, surprise) and she would move us to another room. So up I went to the old room to get the kids and luggage to go to the new room...2 more trips on the small slow elevator and we were in the correct room. Although now, the fold out bed had no sheets or pillows or anything. After a phone call to the front desk she said she would send housekeeping to fix it. It took over an hour for the maid to show up with sheets.Now that I'm really hot, tired and bothered it was time for dinner. The food was decent, not great, and after the meal the dinner attendant wanted me to sign a receipt for an additional 45 GBP for dinner. I told her that dinner was included in the room rate. Nope, not according to her records. So off I go to get the Hotel General Manager who quickly resolves the problem and takes off the charge for the meal...more wasted time and additional stress.It's important to note that I paid an additional 10 GBP per night per room to have a view of the Royal Mews of Buckingham Palace. In retrospect that was a mistake because I probably spent a total of 2 minutes looking out the window at a gate that had absolutely NOTHING going on. Just an empty passage to the Royal Mews.When we finally got back to our room our kids needed a few things from us, but they could not get to our room to knock on our door because of the additional locked door to get to the Royal Wing...this is turning into a pain! When everybody actually got to bed we had a good nights sleep. The next morning our &quot;included&quot; breakfast was very good and we had no problems with additional charges over that.The last problem occurred at checkout when they charged the additional 10GBP for our kid's room which was supposed to have a view, but did not. Again, I had paperwork in hand to explain, but &quot;No&quot;, the receptionist would not even look at the paperwork. She went through a big explanation and then several phone calls. Finally, she came to me and said &quot;You're exactly right&quot; and she removed the additional charge. If she had just looked at the paperwork (supplied by the hotel) in both situations, all of this time would not have been wasted, and perhaps my annoyance at this place would have been minimal.I really really really looked forward to staying here and I really wanted everything to be nice - that's why I booked it for the last night. However, this place turned out to be a giant pain in the rear. Everything we did or ate I was wondering how much of a fight it was going to cost me.Granted the hotel's manager was very helpful in dealing with the extra dinner charge in a professional manner. Maybe for just 2 adults this hotel would be better. Maybe the fact of having 3 kids in a different room on a different floor added much complexity. However, this place is supposed to be top notch in professionalism. But with 3 problems I never found anybody (excluding the manager) to be helpful. Every problem resulted in much turmoil and grief which is not my idea of a relaxing vacation. With the price of this place, I highly doubt I would ever return. In fact the Premier Travel Inn London County Hall, which we stayed for the first 3 nights of our trip, was much better located, had rooms triple the size of my Royal Room, and was about half the price. It was also very family friendly with good cheap food and cheap vending machines in the lobby for cold drinks and snacks. I must admit, I highly preferred the Premier Travel Inn over the Rubens...what a shame!	
Jun 12 2006	Rubens small rooms big breakfast	Our room on the fifth room was very small for two people. The hotel staff refused to take out the extra to give us more space. The room and bathroom was very clean. The hotel is two block from Victoira Station. The front hotel room was very noise. We overlook the horse stables, so early every morning we were woken up by the horses going for their morning walk.All information booklets are kept at the conceige station, so you have to ask for them.The breakfast ( which was included in the price of the room) was excellent. There was 4 fruit jiuces, cheeses, fesh fruit, eggs poached or deep fried in oil. Also there was Black pudding, beans, mushrooms, hams and pancakes etc. There was also an organic food table with fresh vegetable juice, nuts fruits etc.The hotel was an excellent location.Only had one dinner at the hotel - a Roast Beef Buffet- and it was very good.	
Jun 12 2006	So British and cute!	We loved the Rubens! The decor was lovely and the rooms were very comfortable. We too had a squeaky floor, which seems to be universal in the hotel, but the beds and service were superior. Our bathroom was quite large and spacious, and our bedroom was average size for London. The water was hot and the towels were big. You can not beat the location for tourists, and with the charm and attention to detail that they offer, we felt like this place was a real bargain. Check their website for rates, we got a great deal. If you want to experience a fully English hotel - this is the place for you! We opted for the room only rate that didn't include breakfast as I felt it was more pricey than just eating elsewhere.	
Jun 9 2006	Intimate Club-Like Comfortable 	We were vey impressed with the Reubens on Buckingham Palace Road. Its located across from the Palace Mews (a bit too close to their gift shop), only two blocks from Victoria tube and train stations. Its very convenient for arriving or departing from Gatwick on the Gatwick Express. Uniformed doormen and porters are quick to assist arriving guests, and checkin is efficient, if a bit rushed. A lift takes you to the upper floors where the rooms are located. They have individual AC thermostats and LCD TV's,free AM newspapers and modernized bathrooms.We were on the 2d floor with a room on the street with a view of the Mews, but heard no street noise and only minor creaking from the floor above, which did not bother us. The rooms were a tad smallish (but not necessarily by Euro standards). The owners have apparently taken pains to make the rooms stylish, well-appointed and bright, with comfy down bedding.Weekend packages available and reasonble rates otherwise. Staff is very attentive. The porters are eager to help and the concierge is coureous and knowledgable. It may help to know that Evan Evans tours pick up there and the doormen will flag or call taxis for you.=R=	
Jun 5 2006	Lovely Hotel	We just returned from 6 nights at the Rubens. This being my first trip to London, I wanted to stay in a hotel coveniently located to the train station, the palace, and also wanted the charm of an establishment with historical significance. The Rubens satisfied all these criteria. We had a king size room and, as others have said, it was small by U.S. standards and the floors squeak. However, we had plenty of room for two adults and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was very small and could have used a little more storage space. As another reviewer wrote, the shower/tub was good but took a little while to figure out how to use. Our room was on the 1st floor immediately adjacent to the entrance to the Royal Mews. We had no trouble with street noise because an additional sliding window was installed over the original window. This cut out the noise almost entirely. Slept very well. However, we spent so few daytime hours in our room, I'm not sure I'd pay the extra money for the view next visit. The restaurant was a bit pricey but there are several other places just down the street more reasonably priced. Staff was top-notch! The elevator is tiny...but very cute. Only complaint was the cost of the high-speed internet connection. However, I understand every hotel in London is expensive for the connection. But, let's face it....you should be on vacation anyway so this one thing shouldn't deter anyone from staying at the Rubens. Fantastic location. I'd definitely stay here again and recommend it.	
May 30 2006	Great Location	I booked this htel based on the reviews from Tripadvisor. The location was excellent, literally minutes walk from Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station and the Underground. The staff were very pleasent and helpful and I could not fault them. Our room was small but adequate. The decor was a little tired, and the paintwork etc. could do with a little bit of refreshing. Our bed was not comfortable, and my husbands feet stuck out the end....he is only 6ft 1'. All that said we enjoyed our stay as it gave us easy access to all the things we wanted to see in London	
May 26 2006	Great Find in London	We had a 36 hour layover in London between stops in Morocco and South Africa. We had no idea where to stay since neither of us had ever been to London. I searched trip advisor for hours to find a reasonably priced clean hotel with easy access to all attractions. We were very pleased to have found this Hotel. Every staff member we encountered was very pleasant and helpful (complimentary use of umbrella's) We made the most of our visit by getting tickets for the Bus Tour (Big Bus Company). You can buy tickets right down the street from the Hotel and there are two stops within one block of hotel (one right in front). The rooms were very &quot;English&quot; in style. Clean and comfortable. We ate a wonderful breakfast in the morning (included in price) and a great lunch in the lounge. The hotel was great, but the location for the price was most impressive.	
May 22 2006	Loved it!!	We absolutely loved our stay at the Rubens. For two women, the location was excellent and we felt very safe. The staff took excellent care of us, and the room was big by London standards. Food was great as well. We had a room overlooking the Royal Mews, which was wonderful! We'd absolutely stay again.	
May 11 2006	Nice hotel good location	Stayed 3 nights at The Rubens April 30 to May 3, before going on to Barcelona. I had been to London last year on my own, so this year I was able to add to our Barcelona trip and show my wife what she missed in London last year when she had to work. This was quick &quot;on the go&quot; trip as we visited all the famous tourist sights we could in the time we had allowed. The Ruebens was a good location for us to walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminister Abbey, Parliment and &quot;Big Ben&quot;. Tube at Victoria Sation was only a couple of blocks away with easy access to Harrods, Picadilly, Oxford Street, Soho. A couple of decent pubs and cafes on the same block as the hotel, as well as good selection of eating at the hotel itself. Our room was small compared to US standards, but perfectly acceptable, clean and functional. Yes, the floors do squeek. We did not find that too much of an annoyance. Pleasant staff and very helpful, did not encounter any problems. Value for price was excellent and would definately stay here again.	
Apr 27 2006	Great Location and Concierge Service is Tops	In booking this trip with 3 other family members (all gals travelling for our Mother's Birthday) we wanted someplace with a great location, that would be safe and clean and offering some ammenities...We decided to save a few dollars and stay at the Rubens instead of the sister property &quot;Hotel 41&quot; right next door, as London can get pricey and we were on a whirlwind 13 day tour of England, Scotland and France. The rooms were good, the location was perfect for tours and airport access - we took the Gatwick Express from airport to Victoria station which is only 2 blocks from hotel. Our breakfast came with the room price and it was a full &quot;English Breakfast&quot; along with pastry, plenty of exotic fruit and lots of hot coffee for us Americans. Afternoon high tea was a luxurious experience in the front Parlour where we could sit and watch all kinds of people walk by on the sidewalk out front- it was great fun. The Hot Chocolate and Whiskey was a favorite in the bar at night where we could listen to music! The hotel overlooks Buckingham Palace Mews and access to all sights was very easy (Victoria Station and Bus lines are right next door). I would reccomend a trip to Portobello Rd for antiques and such on the weekends - Great fun, excellent art values, and the lively street scene was energizing! I would also mention a fabulous Thai restaurant called The Mango Tree within a few blocks of the Ruben- Get reservations if possible, as it will be busy. The floors SQUEAK terribly in the hotel so we asked for a top floor, as had been advised here, and we had no problems. I did feel badly for those staying below us, though! The rooms are small for US standards but quite roomy for UK. The baths were very clean, had strong showers and lovely toiletries. Our room was in center of hotel so noise from outside was not an issuie for us- we slept well. See photos of room/bath. I hate all hair dryers in Europe- You must hold the button down for it to run, while drying hair- My hands are just not that nimble, but it beats dragging appliances and adaptors in your suitcase.The absolute BEST part of the hotel was Dave- our Concierge- who we named &quot;Sir Dave&quot;. No one does Concierge service like the English (NYC or other big cities have nothing on Brits) and Dave was a true professional- he was fun loving, enjoyed his job so much and really cared about keeping us safe and proividing us every resource available to him- from dinner suggestions and reservations, theater, special breakfast needs before serving hours, collecting missing baggage from airport (nightmare of a story) and arriving to early morning tour taking us to Scotland for 4 days. Dave was well known and someone you should look up when you stay at Rubens or Hotel 41. We booked a special rate/package from the Rubens website, inclusive of Champagne upon arrival, so be sure to look there often for extra perks as you are considering a trip to London! And be sure to tell Dave Hello!	
Apr 19 2006 	Great hotel great location! Loved it!	I have stayed on the top floor of The Rubens at 41 before and was curious to see if The Rubens was as great. Granted, the two are very different from one another and this is reflected in the room rates. But I was very pleased with my recent stay at the Rubens. The staff is wonderful, especially the concierges. They are the friendliest, most helpful people I have ever encountered. I had a classic single room on this trip, which was delightful. It was small, but very comfortable and no amenities were missing due to its size. Plus, it was beautiful. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room faced the back of the hotel and not the Royal Mews like the one I had when staying at 41. But - my room was a lot less expensive, so this was no surprise. I spent a lot of time outside of my room anyway and wasn't staying for the view. The bar/lounge/tea area downstairs is exceptionally cozy. If you want to eat in-house, the food is great, but a little pricey (like everything else in London). My breakfast buffet was 15 GBP. Bottom line: I would stay here again and again because the location is so great you can't beat it. It's quiet, near Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, the Thames, Victoria Station, royal parks and skads of pubs and restaurants. The Big Bus and Original Bus tours both stop near the front of the hotel, too. If you like to walk, you'll love it here, because everything is nearby. If you don't like to walk the tube is 2 blocks away at Victoria or the doorman will call a taxi. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 14 2006	Rubens a hotel with a great location!	This hotel is centrally located to the Victoria Train Station. Literally within 2 blocks. This is the reason we chose to stay at this hotel. The rooms are small. Make no mistake - these are traditional Europe hotel rooms. We had 2 rooms - I traveled with 3 senior citizens. The rate included breakfast. It is a basic breakfast and filled the need for food. They did have tea/coffee in the rooms. It is hidden in the desk on the bottom shelf. The bathrooms were sufficient in size and the overall cleanliness of the rooms were better than I have seen in a long time. However, if you are expecting the Ritz - this is not it. It is a very old hotel but kept in good shape. The beds were comfortable and maid service very good. All of the hotel staff were very, very nice including the concierge who were very helpful with all of our questions. The other thing that I would mention is that the hop on hop off bus main stop is right on the next block from this hotel. Also, the regular city busses will often take you where you want to go. We took them whenever we needed to go and didn't want to take the hop on hop off all around the loop that they make. We took one to St. Pauls Cathedral and one to Waterloo station to catch the Eurostar to London. Of which, is a great trip and one I would do all over again. We had second class over and first class back. A full meal with wine and liquor included. Book early and you won't be disappointed. This hotel was everything other trip advisor reports said it would be. Oh, one last thing - only 4 adults (of average size) can fit in the hotels elevator at one time - with no luggage. It is very small. Enjoy!	
Apr 10 2006	Loved it but the rooms are a little small.	My wife and I stayed at the Rubens from April 1-4. It is in a great location. Not far from Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. Staff is attentive and friendly, complimentary breakfast was fantastic, afternoon tea was great, and bar service was quick. We had a problem with the air conditioner not working but it was quickly fixed. We needed it because it was unusually warm in the hotel very early in the morning even with the heater off. Standard room is small but not a good reason not to stay there unless you need lots of space. Overall a great hotel would stay there again and would recommend it.JuanChicago, IL	
Apr 3 2006	Loved the Decor and Staff	This has to be one hotel that you must look at and enquire when you stay in London. The location is next to the Buckingham Palace Mews and the location is exceptional. Is within easy reach of the river Thames and Embankment and also the Millenium wheel.. A taxi cost about £7 to get to the Embankment Pier but thats a good price to see a few of the local sites for London on the way to the Embankment... Houses of Parliment, Downing Street. and many more. The interior is beautiful and the rooms are excellent and the staff or more than helpful. Parking is very limited at weekends and but is available at no cost at weekends during the week im not sure but you dont need a car with this location as Taxi`s are available 24 hours of the day. Victorion Station is only a stonethrow away for trains and coachs. See photos of room and view.. You will love this hotel, Ask for a room with a view	
Mar 26 2006	horrible	not a 4 star horrible servicewe were in ther &quot;st james suite&quot; which was hardly a suitesmall, crampt, smelt bad, not a suitebathroom wsa just ugly room was just ugly, no taste in stylenot worth the money and to top it all off there was construction going and our room was not soundproofed at allit was a sauna in our room and our room was too dark and depressingwe only stayed one night and immediately moved to thge incrediible, and stylish hotel right next door HOTEL 41please stay away from here	
Mar 24 2006	A Great Hotel	My wife and I spent five nights at the Rubens during our first trip to London in March. Our fourth-floor room was very quiet and the bed was quite comfortable (King bed was really just two smaller beds pushed together, however). The front desk took care of all of our requests and the turndown service was done promptly and professionally each morning.Although the room was a bit small, it was perfectly fine for us since we were out touring the sights all day anyway. We didn't eat at any of the hotel's restaurants but there are plenty of other (cheaper) places to eat in the area around the hotel and at nearby Victoria Station.Overall, I would highly reccommend this hotel to those looking for a central location to the tourist sights and for a relaxing place to rest each night.	
Mar 21 2006	Nice location lovely hotel but small!	My wife &amp; I stayed 4 nights at the Rubens. It was centrally located for easy access to most areas that interested us, e.g., Trafalgar Square, Mayfair, Chelsea, West End, but we ended up taking the bus everywhere. On a side note, taking the bus was great as the Tube is very expensive and you get to see the city as you travel, esp. fun from the upper deck of the double-decker!!! As others have written, our room was VERY small (even by European standards), although it was very quaint &amp; &quot;homey&quot;... think &quot;Laura Ashley&quot; home design. The staff were professional &amp; helpful, if not exactly friendly. The bathroom was adequately outfitted, but again VERY small. The area has some very good restaurants (Mango had very good Thai) &amp; bars, but most of the best &amp; happening places were in the West End &amp; Soho. Next time, I think I'd prefer to stay closer to those areas. All in all, I'd recommend the Rubens for the 1st time tourist.	
Mar 21 2006	Great Location	We got back last night after staying three nights. The hotel is so quaint! Rooms was very small but bathroom was a good size. The shower was a little confusing to figure out. The bar area is awesome. Lots of couches and chairs and a piano player and even a cozy fire! The drinks there are very pricy. It was a little noisy on the street side but we like our room to be cold when we sleep so we just turned on the air and that drowned out the noise. All in all we had a GREAT time! Would recommend this place. Within walking distance of Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, London Eye, Parliment, Westminster Abbey and Big Ben!	
Mar 18 2006	Rubens deserves good reputation	My wife and I just got back from eight nights at the hotel. We like how well run it is. The rooms are clean, well maintained, we had a room with a window that muffled street noise. We are sensitive to noise and it was wonderfully quiet at night. The hotel attracts lots of businesses and adult couples and it makes it quite a comfortable nest. Staff is efficent and helpful. The location really is wonderful. We will come back to the Rubens on our next stay.	
Mar 14 2006	Great Location!	I had found a great discounted deal on the internet which gave me a room and breakfast for less than $155 a night. Staff was helpful and friendly. Maybe because I had a discounted room I did not get turn-down service. I would certainly stay again - at a discounted rate. Very close to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station and Tube. Easy to get anywhere in London. Breakfast was excellent! I had a twin room, but as a single it gave me plenty of space.	
Mar 9 2006	Nice	I visited The Rubens in Feb of this year for a weekend stay, a very nice and friendly welcome, however we were told out room would be ready by 2pm and we would be called from the bar area once it was ready, we only were told our room was ready after continually going to the reception, and it was ready but at 3:30pm.The room was very nice, clean, nice decor, however small, it almost seemed as if the bathroom was bigger than the room.i would reccoment this place in terms location and service, but if u are a larger couple then you may find the rooms here small, also the lack of restaurants does not help, however the tube gets your almost anywhere in london!	
Feb 25 2006	Quant but to small	Firstly l have to say as a regular traveller to Europe l have experienced bijou/small rooms but this took the cake. The room was small in a way that two adults could not both walk in room at same time one was required to sit on the bed to let one past. That is small on a ridiculous scale. Location was central a few minutes walk to Victoria station, food outlets rather sparce for dining out. What dissapointed me most was we had to extend the stay 1 more nite. We asked reception the cost which sounded very expensive. We went to internet cafe and got the booking 20 pounds cheaper. So annoyed l went back to hotel and showed them my booking and the price difference. Frankly they didnt care. So we now return to Millenium Mayfair which is far superior and the largest rooms l have seen in London.	
Feb 14 2006	Very nice stay	We booked a junior suite at the hotel for 5 nights through Luxury Link, and were not disppointed. We encountered a lot of difficulty confirming availability, and then contacting the concierge for play tickets. But, all in all, they did a fantastic job. The staff at the hotel are as friendly and helpful as we have encountered anywhere, especially Dave the concierge, the desk staff, and the doorman. We had fantastic seats for the plays, the jr. suite was very large and comfortable, and the breakfast was fine (we're not into the black sausage, beans, tomatoes, or deep-fried eggs, but this is the UK). The location is great, two blocks from Victoria Station and easy to get almost everywhere. We would definitely return.	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent Stay	My husband and I traveled Europe this summer for 2 months and this was our first stop. The hotel is small and the rooms are tiny BUT very cute and very clean. The &quot;Tea Time&quot; at the hotel is sooooooooo good. They serve the most amazing tea and finger sandwiches and pastries. The staff is very helpful and the location is great. The train is right there and a short walk from Buckingham Palace. I would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.	
Feb 2 2006	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Rubens Jan 26-29th. This hotel was fantastic. Our room was small, but well appointed and very clean and the staff was very friendly. Our room was not ready upon our arrival, but we took a short walk up to Buckingham Palace and caught the changing of the guards to pass the time. Westminster Abbey and Parliament were a good 15-20 minute brisk walk away, but the Victoria Underground station was a quick 3 minute walk and from there you could get anywhere in London.	
Feb 1 2006 	What lovely hospitality!	I was a single, female traveller who stayed at the Rubens over a long weekend in January. I found the rooms to be really comfortable and the bathrooms were great! The showers are powerful, though they should consider extending the glass &quot;shower curtain&quot; further as a tall person will cause water to splash on the floor. The staff was incredibly nice, especially the concierge/doormen. They could not have been more friendly and willing to help (the day staff).......I was close to all the sites and shopping was just a short walk away. Being that close to Buckingham palace was outstanding! The breakfast service is wonderful, but very high priced.....Just down the street is an outstanding Italian restaurant named L'Arco....highly reccomend it! Overall, I felt safe, secure and well tended to...everything in the hotel is clean, well maintained and the staff is wonderful. It made my first visit to London a wonderful one! ***Tip--they offer non-smoking rooms on smoking floors, so be sure to be specific when making reservations...	
Jan 25 2006	Great hotel	I stayed at this hotel from Jan 11-14 and then again on Jan 19. I really enjoyed the hotel. The room was very well decorated and very clean. My single room was small by US standards but large compared to other rooms I have had in Europe. The location is great for taking the Gatwick Express from Victoria Station. The hotel is only about a 3 minute walk to Victoria Station. The staff was very courteous. I would happily stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 19 2006	Exceptional Service Very English	We stayed at Rubens at the Palace for 5 days as London was our last port of call on our vacation and we wanted something special. From the moment we arrived until the moment we drove away, we experiened superior service, which really goes a long way to making your stay memorable. Location wise it is perfectly positioned across the road from the Royal Mews, and Buckingham Palace, and everything is close by. There are plenty of great restaurants only metres away. You have to have 'high tea' at Rubens, as it really is the best in London. We will definitely stay there again. Excellent value for a big city!	
Jan 18 2006	Buffet Breakfast was fantastic	We stayed here for 4 nights in January 2006. The rooms are very small. We had 2 of the chairs removed after which it was fine. The tub is nice and big, and the bathroom was fine. There was a kettle to make tea or coffee which was very nice after a long day of sightseeing. Found the concierge to be a bit stuffy and the old building tended to lean. We were shown to an old AWFUL smoking room at first when we had specifically requested non-smoking, but they moved us no problem. The location is great, close to Buckingham Palace. We walked everywhere or took the double decker buses (3 pounds for a day pass). It is walking (though a long walk) to Westminster Abbey etc.We got a free buffet breakfast with our booking with Expedia, and it was great, lots and lots of selections and a chef to cook up your eggs.Would stay here again.	
Jan 12 2006	Luxury Hotel	Went to the Rubens for the New Year and will definately be going back. Booked at last minute of the internet and were upgraded to the Queen Suite, although the only view out of the windows was the air conditioning units. Great base for exploring London, opposite Buckingham Palace and you just go through the parks for Piccadily and down Birdcage Walk to Westminster. Shared a room with my husband and 15 year old son, plenty big enough with a large king size bed and bed settee. Drinks are pricey and so are snacks, but still definately a beautiful hotel with excellent service.	
Jan 11 2006	Wonderful traditional English	If you want to stay in a small hotel with a particularly warm traditional setting this is the place. Pleasantly surprised to find a king size bed in a moderately priced European hotel. Rooms are quiet and clean, and staff friendly. Restaurant has wonderful buffet breakfast.Also recommend the restaurant Bumbles across the street. Stayed at this hotel for twelve nights and would do so again.	
Jan 9 2006	Great location!	We stayed at this hotel this year when we visited London for Christmas. We loved the location - just a short walk to Victoria Station and the Victoria Coach Station if you are going to tour out of the City, The hotel was very elegant - the common rooms and bar very cozy and beautiful. Our room was spacious enough for my husband, daughter and me (we booked a junior suite) - although my daughter said the pull out couch was uncomfortable and ended up climbing into the king bed with us. The bathroom was large enough and well appointed. The men at the concierge desk were incredibly entertaining and helpful, and most of the women at the front desk were friendly as well. There are many restraunts and pubs close by - as well as a 5 minuite walk to Buckingham Palace.We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 5 2006	Great location so-so hotel	The location of this hotel is fantastic. You are directly across the street from the Royal Mews and a 3-5 minute walk to Buckingham Palace or Victoria Station. Our room was clean but that is about the extent of the compliments that I can give. We found it to be ridiculously small. Thank goodness for the flatscreen TV on the wall or there would have been no space at all. The tops of the desk and nightstands were packed with miscellany (lamps, telephone, hotel books, tissue box, magazines, remote control, wireless keyboard for TV internet, etc.) rendering them useless. The bed was rather uncomfortable; hard matress and the feather bed comforter was quite hot so you would eventually end up broiling if you slept under the sheets. We eventually just ended up sleeping on top of the comforter and using a blanket that was in the room. Sheets were a bit rougher than I am used to and same with the pillows. We've stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels in Hawaii, Sydney, Maui, Vancouver, and Toronto; this room and bedding did not measure up. View out of our window was poor (non-existent except for some a/c units and grating). I really liked the location but I can see why this was among the cheapest 4-star hotels available on Expedia. It didn't seem like a luxury hotel to me with the exception of the lobby and restaurants.	
Jan 5 2006	Lovely!	We just returned from staying at the Rubens for New Year's Eve and New Years's Day and our stay was simply lovely. The Rubens is in a great location, and has a wonderfully English feel to it. Service is very good and the staff are all very polite and happy to serve. We did not eat at either of the restaurants, although they looked very nice; but the bar has a large menu they and are very accomodating. I would definately stay here again and will recommend it to my friends when they travel to London. It's a great value for the moderate price.	
Jan 4 2006	Great Value	I stayed here with my girlfriend over new year for a two night stay. I booked with Laterooms for £109 a night, which in hindsight was great value. The location is good as you are right next to Buckingham Palace and only a few minutes walk from Victoria Station where there are a number of chain, independent and fast food restaurants as well as a Sainsburys. On booking I did think the rooms looked a little old fashioned, however, on arrival we found that they were excellently designed with air con, bottled water, large tvs and a small but adequate bathroom. The breakfast is also fantastic with numerous waiters and waitresses to see over proceedings. The food is also great with a selection to meet all breakfast tastes. We found room service reasonably priced and the food was okay, but not great.I would certainly recommend this hotel to any couple looking for a hotel close to the major attractions in London.	
Jan 2 2006	new year at the rubens	We have just returned from London, having spent New Year's Eve and New Year's day at the Rubens. We were very pleased with our choice and echo all the good things that other guests have said about the relaxing atmosphere and really pleasant staff and the great breakfast. The hotel was decked out for Christmas and looked very tastefully festive, which ofcourse added to the atmosphere. We saw in the New Year outside Buckingham Palace, from where we had a great view of Big Ben and the spectacular firework display at the London Eye. We look forward very much to returning to the Rubens and hope anyone who decides to stay there in the future will enjoy it as much as we did.	
Jan 1 2006 	Cosy	I stayed here in a Single room, very cosy,was'nt too big but it did not have to be, there was only me. The room had everything I needed from AC to bottled water, from trouser press to tea and coffee. The location? Your neighbour to the right is Buckingham Palace and to the left Victoria station.Excellent bar and restaurant, I really enjoy staying here when I am London	
Jan 1 2006	Fabulous stay	My daughter and I stayed here for a week over Christmas. It was a lovely hotel. The room were very well appointed. Very clean and well maintained. The service was outstanding. The front office was particularly helpful - found us an extra heater, helped with the internet, etc. Concierge service was outstanding - as long as you talked to Dave. He was such a character - really brightened up the place. The food was excellent. We had full English breakfast included every day. Christmas Tea was included in our package, and it was spectacular! Wonderful food and the presentation can't be beat. The hotel bar is also very pleasant. Comfortable way to end the day. Location can't be beat. Less than a 5 minute walk from Victoria station, but can easily walk to many destinations. We even walked back from Oxford Street shopping on Boxing Day. Easy walk to Trafalgar, Big Ben, Westminster etc. Just a great location.I highly recommend this hotel. Full service that works for people on a budget.	
Dec 19 2005	Feel like you're someone	This was my and my mother's first trip to Europe. We were worried about selecting a hotel in a place we had never been before. What a pleasant surprise! Everyone is right about the location...it's ideal to the Palace, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Parliament and just a little more of a hike to Trafalgar Square and the Victoria underground. The staff was very attentive, friendly &amp; efficient. We are nobodies but they all treated us like we were SOMEBODIES. From the moment we walked in until we left we were treated very well. Make sure to take advantage of the breakfast which is fabulous and served in a lovely room. I'm already looking forward to going back myself. Book at the Rubens and get ready to be treated like royalty!	
Dec 8 2005	Lovely stay and great location	My husband and I stayed for 1 night in November to celebrate our anniversary. It was perfect. Room was very clean and tidy but a bit small and over-looked the airconditioning units. As we were out for most of the time though, other than to sleep, this was fine. Breakfast was absoultely superb. Best I've had in London. Concierge was really helpful and we also found a lovely Italian restaurant just down the road which we can highly recommend.All in all a great time and to cap it off we saw the Queen coming out of Buck House as it was Armistice Sunday.Hope to stay again someday.	
Dec 2 2005	A Wonderful Stay!	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Rubens with my mother. The hotel has a cosy feel to it, which added to its charm. We shared a room with twin beds with a lovely view overlooking the Royal Mews. The room was an adequate size for 2 people with a nice bathroom. Everything was very clean and in good shape. The hotel staff is very friendly and efficient. The hotel bar with its fireplace, is a nice relaxing spot after a day of sight-seeing. I booked the room from the hotel's own website and found the prices and availablility better than on websites such as Expedia. For 10 pounds extra per night per person, add the full English breakfast when booking - it's a bargain given London prices and the quality and variety of the breakfast is outstanding. The location is excellent too, with many sights within walking distance. I would definately return to this hotel!	
Nov 27 2005	Wonderful welcome!	After over 30 hours of travel the Rubens could not have been more comfortable or more welcoming!A 5 minute walk from Victoria Station ( destination of Gatwick Express),opposite the Royal Mews and ever so close to the Palace! From Buckingham palace, a lovely walk through Green Park to Westminster..Downing Street, Big Ben, Houses of Parliament,Westminster Abbey, the Thames etcSmall but clean and comfortable rooms, delicious breakfast, comfortable bar and the most friendly and helpful concierge imaginable. Dave planned our sightseeing, organised the best theatre tickets and kept our 2 children enchanted by his humour and gorgeous accent!Thankyou Rubens for making our stay in London so memorable. We can't wait to return!	
Nov 24 2005	Loved it	Stayed 1 night at the Rubens - had a fantastic time. Arrived at 9 am from Gatwick and our room was ready which was much appreciated. Within 5 minutes of getting to the room reception called to see if everything was ok and if we needed anything - a very personal service. Rooms are a bit small but extremely comfortable and heated bathroom floor. Hotel location is superb - 5 minutes walk from Victoria. All in all hotel has a great atmosphere with very helpful staff - would definitely stay again.	
Nov 9 2005	Great location however the service	We arrived at the Rubens at the Palace about 11:00am and was to told we were not getting a room until 2:00pm. We left our suitcases with them and went out to tour London. We got back at 7:00pm to find our luggage still sitting by the front desk where anyone could have walked out with them. We got our key only to find out that the room we asked when we made these reservations 6 months ago was not available. &quot;We are sorry but we out of those rooms&quot; says the deck receptionist. No offers were made for an upgrade in the room or anything. We have 4 in our party and the room they gave us had a king size bed and a SINGLE pullout bed. We were laughing about who was going to sleep as a threesome. The room was too small for another bed to be brought in. The thing that upset us is that we did not get these reservations from a discount booking company but from Rubens directly. After complaining the night Manager did come to our room personally to change our room to one that had a king bed and a full size pull out sofa. It was vary nice but still not the room we wanted. He did offer to change us again the next day but we were settled and decided to stayed with that room. This is a WARNING to you that not all guest are treated the same at this hotel from the beginning. I do not know why we were treated so rudely maybe we were not dress right or had a certain look. There are several people that write in and praise this hotel however I have been in lesser hotels with better service from the second you walk in the door. If you stay there do not let the frontdesk staff push something on you that you know is not right. Be prepared to ask for the manager because it is a Red Carnation Hotel and they pride themselves on service.	
Nov 6 2005	The Plaza of London	The moment that my husband and I stepped foot in the Rubens, it reminded us of the The Plaza Hotel in New York. It has all the charm and service of almost by-gone era of hotels. (for the The Plaza it is over, being turned into Condos) We found the room, and bathroom to be very aple, and the decor to be very charming and somewhat comforting. No cold minimalist modern design here, but instead huge, floor to ceiling, multi-layered curtains, and a rich traditional furniture. And the service was amazing. We arrived two hours before check-in time and yet they found a room and checked us in right away, asking even before we went up if there were any diner reservations or tickets to shows that they could reserve for us. When we said that we would think about it, the front desk called up and checked on us and those reservations about 30 minutes later. The location is great too, right next to Buckingham Palace Mews, and a five minute walk to Victoria station. But with a hotel that is as amazing as this, it could be in a ten minute walk to a tube stop and I would still return.	
Oct 19 2005	Amazing hotel a great stay!	I visited this hotel as part of a long weekend away in London with my boyfriend. We stayed for two nights, and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.The rooms were lovely, if a little dated in decor. We had a big, old oak kingsized bed,with interesting portraits painted in the headboard. The room itself was small, but the bathroom more than made up for it. There was a beautiful marble bathroom suite and a powerful shower and bath. And to top it all of fluffy robes! The staff were gracious and friendly, the concierge in particular were fantastic. Recommending unknown but amazing restaurants, and ensuring that if we told the proprietor he had sent us, we'd get 10% off!! And when we were caught in pouring rain in London outside a busy Adelphi theatre with no taxi stopping, we called the concierge at the hotel and we had a taxi sent to us within minutes. The only negative comment I have was the poor view from the window!!!	
Oct 15 2005	Location location but that's it	This Rubens is, literally, across the street from Buckingham Palace. One stares into the gates of the Royal Muse on exiting the hotel. Two blocks from Victoria Station, anything in London is accessible from here. I saw three of the hotel rooms and ours was about average in size and appointment. That being said, the room was so tiny that we had chairs removed from it so that the two of us could be there at the same time. Likewise for the bathroom. The rooms are fancied up, but not maintained as well as they should be. Plenty of dirt in the corners etc. Staff was courteous and helpful. Nathan the doorman deserves awards for his restaurant and shopping recommendations. However, the Conceirge was a bit grumpy and could not handle some simple things: &quot;London's a big place ya know.&quot; Indeed.We did not eat at the hotel restaurant. We twice very much enjoyed eating dinner at Bumbles Restaurant, Nathan's suggestion, a block away. There are two quite nice patisseries serving full breakfast in the immediate area. High Tea at Fortnam and Mason or Harrods is a must, really. Expensive, but a real treat. I doubt we will ever need to be in that area of London again, so next time will look for something a bit more gracious a bit father out. The Tube gets one anywhere, anytime anyway.	
Oct 13 2005	Great stay at the Rubens	My husband, six-year old and I just stayed at the Rubens for five nights. We stayed in an Executive Suite which was perfect for our needs. Great bathroom with nice amenities, good turndown service and while the furniture could use a little updating, we found it charming. The breakfast is great--get a rate in which it is included. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. The location is terrific--a short walk to Victoria or a lovely walk through St. James' Park to Westminster and all the sites. There are good restaurants nearby, as well. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 11 2005 	Cosy. Good value.	The rooms are just above average, but I upgrade for a little more space.Perhaps the suites are disappointing if your used to more room and fresher boutique styles. Certainly will need a high degree of maintainence if the old style look of the rooms are not to become slightly tired and shabby looking over the next few years.Broadband saves the day, as do the bar, pianist and the restaurant downstairs.I found the service attentive and on the ball; helped no doubt by a few £2 coins at the outset of my stay. But you've got to start any relationship on the right foot.Breakfast in bed was like a military operation, as I like it. Excellent.There is no Spa, but I guess there sort of space? There is a health club down the street; but who can be bothered? I don't like bringing in treatments, even if its endorsed by the Hotel. It looks 'cheap', if you know what I mean.The location is good with Victoria station just down the way (5 minutes) and Buckingham Palace literally only a wall away.Security patrols and cameras everywhere, so be polite, dress well and wave. You might get lucky and get invited for tea with ER.	
Oct 8 2005	We loved it !!!!	It was our first time to London and we couldn't have found a better place to stay. The location is great! The price was great! The people were great! The bar was a great place to relax after a long day of touring or shopping. We only stayied here because of all the good reviews we read and totally were NOT disappointed. Would always stay here if we decide to return to London.	
Oct 5 2005	Disapointting	I just returned from a three night stay in the the &quot;Queen's Suite&quot; at 400 plus US a night. The size alone disqualifies the room from being called a suite, even by London standards. The room consisted of a mixture of old and ill maintained furnishings. The bathroom, at best, was updated on the cheap and had a motor home style shower The worst was the view. air condtioning main frames inches from the two windows. Although the staff tried to be accomodating, they were unable to offer me another suite. Location good, and once again the staff was very attentive and helpful.	
Sep 27 2005	Location! plus style and warmth	The Rubens is a delightful, stylish hotel in a marvelous London location -- across the street from Buckingham Palace and near Victoria Station. Not much view of the palace from our room, but the convenience is superb. The rooms are nicely decorated, a bit smallish, but plenty roomy for the two of us. The real joy staying here is the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. Absolutely everyone with whom we dealt went out of their way to meet our needs, answer questions, etc. An excellent restaurant, lovely bar, and fine location, plus the kind and considerate staff, combine to make this a hotel we'll return to soon.	
Sep 23 2005	Would Stay again	We arrived at the Rubens on Sept 5 around 11 am to find out we were given a upgrade to a suite and we could check in right away at no extra cost. We left our bags and took off to see London. The only advice I have is that after a few nights look at your bill on the TV. We did to find out they were charging us more than what I had confirmed with them for. After a couple of trips to the front desk this was all taken care of. Make sure you have the print out of what your suppose to pay. We booked right though them and have a feeling that if we booked though a travel agent we would have to fight for the correct rate.We loved the breakfast included in the rate and the servie was great. Loved the location very close to everything. We would stay here again.	
Sep 21 2005	After a slight hiccup I loved my stay at the Rubens	Let me start first of all by saying that my stay at the Rubens was absolutely lovely and enjoyable. It is a beautiful, clean hotal in an AMAZING location (close to the Victoria Station, all of the sites of Westminster, Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Sq. and especially Buckingham Palace). The only hitch I had was that the first room I was in was extremely small (there were 2 of us in there), so we immediately went to the front desk and spoke to the lovely Estelle, who told us we could upgrade to a king size room for 20 pounds more per nite - totally worth it. The 2nd room was unfortunately next to the maid's closet and was VERY noisy, starting at 6am. I complained about that to Estelle and she quickly accomodated us by putting us in a king suite (equipped with a larger room and small couch) at no extra charge. From then on in, our remaining 7 nites at the Rubens were PERFECT! I would without a DOUBT stay again. Thanks to Estelle and the rest of the staff, including the VERY knowledgable concierges, our stay was pleasant and totally stress free!	
Sep 19 2005	Not impressed at all	I booked this because of the great reviews it has here and was very dissapointed. The first room we were given had the air-con unit running outside the window. It blocked out the natural light, hummed and vibrated the whole room.The second room we were given was shabby and cramped/badly layed out. The bath was broken in several places and had been filled in . The toilet seat was wobbly and an old wooden one which smelled.It was fairly clean, but the nets were grey. I would not recommend this hotel nor would I stay here again.	
Sep 16 2005	Good things come in small packages	We recently stayed at Rubens in London, thanks to the reviews on this site and to a decent rate (we payed about $160/night including taxes -- not bad for expensive London in August.) The reviews on this site were by and large very accurate. Rubens is great deal in London. The pluses about the hotel: it's clean, classy, good location (across from the Royal Mews and walking distance frm Victoria Station), VERY nice and helpful staff, no street noise from our room (we requested a quiet room). The downsides: very small room and bathroom (though it seems like a lot of London hotel rooms are quite small), creaky floors. It's on a busy street, so make sure you request a quiet room. That's it. We were very happy with the hotel and would stay there again. FYI: there's a great Thai restaurant within walking distance called the Mango Tree. Ask the concierge for directions.	
Sep 16 2005	Nice but.....	Great location, lovely hotel but my room was quite small and after several days felt quite claustrophobic. The view was nothing - just the windows of the room opposite across a courtyard. The service was generally good however one day my room was not cleaned until around 3.30pm after I had returned from a busy day walking and shopping and just wanted to rest, only to be disturbed by the housekeeping staff who then wanted to come and clean the room.I was disappointed to find out that despite paying USD 150 night that breakfast was not included and that a continental breakfast was an extra £11.00. A quick local phone call cost £1.50 connection charge alone even though it was self-dial. The final insult is that a £1.00 donation is added to each guests final bill. The &quot;donation&quot; is not pointed out to guests and it is up to the guest to ask to have it removed and a new bill printed. OK, I know it is only a pound but I find that kind of deception not very nice and needlessly embarrassing.	
Sep 14 2005 	Top class - book with confidence	I spent three nights in this hotel and, as a regular traveller to London, was very impressed by comparison with other hotels of this class in which I have stayed. I will certainly return, something which I could not say about many of the other London hotels I have used.Set in an old building, my room was a little quirky and probably slightly smaller that you would find in a modern building, but it was more than adequate and the fittings were first class. The only (small) complaint I would have is that it lacks a fridge - other than that it was great. On the other hand, the highly efficient air conditioning was a bonus (especially in a heatwave) that not all London hotels offer.Dining facilities are also very good, with a choice between a great value carvery / buffet style eatery and a more formal and high quality restaurant, both of which were faultless.As for service, it could not be better. In the past I have found personnel at some of the top class London hotels to be almost intimidating. Not so at the Rubens, which I am sure must stem from the management ethos. The the staff were all helpful, efficient, positive and above all friendly and their assistance when I left something behind on departure was instant, even sending it on by registered mail.In summary, an unhesitating recommendation - I enjoyed the Rubens and am sure you will too.	
Sep 14 2005	Good value with some ever-so-slightly rough edges	The Rubens is distinctive both in its character and location. It's the only London hotel that can claim to be 'across the street' from Buckingham Palace, and both its exterior and interior radiate Victorian charm.The staff is uniformly very friendly and helpful, and the bars and restaurants are comfortable and pleasant. Though expensive.I stayed in a 'superior double' facing the Palace -- you literally pay for this view, with a £10 surcharge.My smallish room was pleasantly decorated, though not 100% up to snuff -- the sink and tub drains were partially blocked, for instance, and one light was non-functional. And yes, as others have noted, the floors are creaky :)But for the money I was very satisfied with the Rubens. I have paid more, and gotten less, at other London hotels.	
Sep 14 2005	Comfy and clean	My husband and I just got back from England and spent the last 3 days of our vacation at the Rubens hotel. After being spoiled by 5 star fancy resorts we needed to save some money so we decided to go for the Rubens. We were surprised at how nice and comfortable the room was. It was very quiet at night, no noise from the busy street below, and especially liked the view of Buckingham Palace from our second floor room. One day we decided to have afternoon tea and scones at the Rubens and loved it! I ordered the chocolate tea which was delicious. Another great feature of the hotel, is the bar area.. so if you are coming back to the hotel after dinner and a long day walking around museums, you can relax at the bar with a drink, &quot;baileys irish cream on ice&quot; was my favorite... London is a great city, enjoy!	
Sep 13 2005	Great location service and value	Stayed at the Rubens for my 30th birthday and we absolutely loved it. For our first time in London, the location was ideal. Coming home from the pubs we just looked for Buckingham Palace on the map and just around the corner was our hotel! Rooms were quaint and a tad bit small but they were clean and efficient. We got a deal on expedia and it was worth every penny. We'd highly recommend it!	
Sep 12 2005	Loved the suite very romantic!!	My boyfriend surprised me by booking a room in your hotel for Valentines!! It was lovely as soon as we got there we were welcomed by all of the staff and then the bell boy took us up to our room. As soon as we got in the room there was champagne in a bucket which my boyfriend had organised with the staff and there was a bunch of red tulips and chocolates and a card which my boyfriend had bought for me. How romantic!!! The bed was massive and very comfortable. We also ordered room service so we didn't have to leave the room allnight and it was gorgeous. We also had a bath and that tub is so comfortable!! The breakfast in the morning was amazing as well you could have your egg done however you wanted and there was something there for everyone to enjoy.My stay was so romatic and i loved it i would definately come back. Maybe I'll surprise my boyfriend this Valentines Day!!	
Aug 28 2005	Exceeded Expectations	Everything pertaining to the Rubens exceeded our expectations. From the moment we were welcomed at the front door we were treated as if we were a part of the family. I truly felt like I was going home each night when we returned to our hotel. Everything was exceptional- a safe location; each area of the hotel was kept spotless; the food in the restaurants was superb; the room was larger than expected and the view (over the Mews) was beautiful. Best of all was the service we received, everyone was very kind and caring about every little detail. We had ordered room service for dinner one evening and the gentleman delivering the tray declined the tip because it had already been added to the total. Our housekeeper left a thank you note for the tips we left her each day and we received a thank you letter from the manager within a week of our return home. This was a trip I had planned and dreamed of for decades and Rubens at the Palace made it a perfect vacation.	
Aug 25 2005	The Rubens made our visit to London PERFECT!	I must admit I spent weeks researching hotels in London at TripAdvisor and other online sites. The Rubens had both good and not so good reviews, so I tried to weed through the problems others have had to see if it was worth taking the chance and booking it for our post-cruise week end. We finally decided it looked exactly right for us and we just couldn't beat it's location. We realized almost immediately upon arrival that we had made the perfect decision. We booked an executive suite on the Rubens website using their 'early booking rate', which also included the full English breakfast and a welcome drink upon arrival. From the moment we walked up the steps into the lovely reception area we knew we had made the right choice. Everyone was so accommodating and helpful from the concierge to the check in staff to the maid service that took such great care of us throughout our stay. Our room was not quite ready so we had coffee in the bar area just off reception. Within 30 minutes we were checked in and up the tiny elevator we went. Our bags followed shortly behind us with the bellman assisting us every step of the way. The executive suite was simply perfect. The split level living/sleeping area was just what we needed for entertaining our friends that also stayed at the hotel for the week end. Our view ofthe Royal Mews was beyond description and we could watch the carriages entering and leaving from the comfort of our own private hideaway.I did view the regular double rooms and they are quite small in comparison to the executive suites. We were very glad we decided on the larger room as it had all the creature comforts anyone could ask for from the electronic television that pops up at the push of a button at the end of the bed to the desk complete with office supply essentials. Well stocked bathroom amenities added the perfect touch as we wanted for nothing, it was right at our fingertips.We dined the first evening in the Carvery to a sumptuous meal of Roast Beef and Yorkshire Pudding, Turkey and Roast Pork, including perfectly cooked vegetables.The Rubens has one of the best locations and is within walking distance to many of the famous London attractions. Also a short walk from Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace and the hop on hop off bus activation for tickets purchased online. A totally delightful week end from check in to check out with one of the most comfortable rooms we have ever had in any hotel throughout the world. We thought this might be our only trip to London, but after spending a weekend at the Rubens, we now hope to return some day and will again book with them. I just can't imagine staying anywhere else.	
Aug 24 2005	Rubens was wonderful!	Returned from a pre-cruise 3 night stay at the Ruben's where we booked two rooms for a family of four. Our teenagers enjoyed their large twin bedded room and we had a lovely, albeit smaller, double bedded room just a few doors away. A perfect location (across the street from the Royal Mews and just a couple minutes away from the entrance of the Buckingham Palace State Rooms Tours entrance.) The staff was friendly and gracious and we appreciated the generous breakfast, included in the price of the rooms, which by London standards, was a relative bargain at 89 GBP/night per room, plus VAT of 17.5%. Thanks to all the previous Trip Advisor reviews that highly recommended this Hotel. A real gem!	
Aug 24 2005	Experience was wonderful!	Our extended family of seven adults, ranging in age from 30 to 56 years, traveled to London in August, 2005. We engaged four rooms at the Rubens for a period of 5 nights; a single (quite small), two twins, and a junior suite (large enough for a couple and child). The hotel was recently remodeled and is well appointed. Situated in the Westminster area, it is only a short walk from Victoria Station and only a few blocks from Buckingham Palace. Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square are slightly longer, but enjoyable walks. The lovely St. James Park is close by and our son ran in the park most every day. Our rooms were lovely, and our beds were very comfortable. The majority of our rooms had good views of the Royal Mews. The bathrooms had nice vanities and tubs that included showers. There was plenty of hot water. Turn-down service was available. Hair dryers, tea setups, irons, and ironing boards were in all rooms. Members of the concierge staff, especially John, Joseph, and Nathan, were extremely important in helping us locate nearby restaurants and pubs. We ate twice at a local Italian restaurant that Joseph recommended. It was a small venue and quite cosy. The food was delicious and inexpensive for London. A nearby Thai restaurant was recommended to us by John. The food and service were outstanding. The staff also arranged several day tours for our group. Every employee of the hotel was helpful and attentive. We took advantage of the English Breakfast Buffet at the Ruben's each morning and we were not disappointed. The breakfast included several items cooked to order and a large assortment of other breakfast items - from fruits, cereals, and pastries to delicious hot items. Most evenings, before going to the theatre or dinner, we met in the spacious hotel bar area for drinks. This hotel is a refreshing change from the large chain hotels we have in America. The location and staff made us feel very safe and pampered. The Ruben's will be our first choice for future London accommodations.	
Aug 23 2005	Fantastic hotel - great find!	After much searching on the internet we found this fantastic hotel. For the best rates look at the hotel web site - unusual but true!The staff were so friendly and welcomming. Breakfast was delicious. The reception rooms are spacious and opulent and the bedroom has all the amenites needed.If I had to criticise it would be that the rooms are small - but then most hotel rooms in London are small and the floorboards are very creaky.We would return to this hotel tomorrow and thoroughly recommend it for tourists.	
Aug 15 2005 	Regal Rubens	We stayed for a couple of nights on business; this hotel is not ideal for a business but,as would appear from the other reviews, it is ideal for the tourist, especially those who appreciate the British monarchy!On the first night, checking in at around 7pm , I was allocated a smoking room, even though I has requested a non smoking room in my booking. It took some persuasion on my behalf to have the room changed, but reception agreed to upgrade us the Royal Wing for one night until an ordinary non smoking room was available. That was welcome.The rooms in the Royal are plushly furnished and elegant. The ordinary doubles are adequate and comfortable. Both rooms were very small.The service gets the thumbs up; the staff are, without exception, helpful and gracious. I would recommend this hotel to tourists, especially in view of its pleasant location next to the Palace and the parks.	
Aug 3 2005	Beyond my expectations	What a wonderful experience from the minute we arrived. We were upgraded to the &quot;royal wing&quot; and I felt a true kinship with Mary Queen of Scots...the staff was so friendly and the concierge was so helpful in making our first trip to London a fabulous one. Food was very good...had dinner one evening as well as breakfast each morning. Will stay here again and again.	
Aug 3 2005	Loved the Rubens!	From Nathan the Doorman to Davie at the Concerige what a wonderful experience! The hotel is in THE best location, right across the street from the Palace. The lobby is beautiful. The rooms are small but beautifully and recently decorated with nice bathrooms. Our five year old daughter was treated like a &quot;Princess&quot; by the staff. We stayed for four nights and returned a week later for three more nights. We cannot wait to return!	
Aug 1 2005	Treated like a King and Queen	My girlfiend and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at The Rubens and just can't rate this Hotel highly enough. From the friendly Doorman to the reception staff, the waiters and waitresses to the Barmen, everyone contributed to a most enjoyable stay. The hotel was immaculately clean, the room very cosy. Breakfast was so good, it made me get up earlier just to make sure I didn't miss out! We've decided to visit London again in January and I know exactly where we'll be staying.	
Jul 19 2005	Rubens at the Palace was A++	This is a fantastic hotel. Everyone was so nice. English breakfast was incredible. Great beds and the rooms are quiet. Great bathrooms and water pressure. They let us check in at 9:30 AM after travelling all night. Rubens is a fantastic location too. This is a true four star European hotel with all the trimmings. I would stay there again anytime and recommend it to anyone. I love you Rubens	
Jul 17 2005	First class at Rubens	We have just returned from a one night stay at Rubens. We got a great deal with 'about rooms' £120 for double room with continental breakfast. We did quite a bit of research on web and found this to be good value for class of hotel.On arrival we were checked in quickly and efficiently. Our room was spotlessly clean. It was very grand with beautiful bedspread, curtains and furniture. We did not find it too small infact it met all our requirements. The bed was very comfortable and sheets and pillows were like new.All of the staff we encountered were extremely pleasant and couldn't do enough for us.Continental breakfast was beauiful- plenty of choice, cereal, fruit salad, cold meats &amp; cheese etc and the best coffee in London!Will definately return again. highly recommended. Our experience staying at Rubens made us feel quite special.	
Jul 11 2005	Great hotel	We stayed at the Rubens July 1-6. We arrived very late and was given a smoking room but we were able to switch to a non-smoking room the next morning. The room was very nice just slightly small. We were very close to the tube and were able to walk to many sites in central London. We booked directly with the hotel and got English breakfast included for less than booking with the travel hotel sites.	
Jul 6 2005	Wonderful Rubens!	Our party of 7 stayed at Rubens for 3 nights late June 2005. The entire group was thrilled with Rubens. The location is terrific for &quot;Royal London&quot; -the staff at the front desk was very pleasant and helpful and the wait staff in the restuarant and bar/lobby were wonderful. Everyone was friendly and eager to please. Yes, the std rooms are small - I would advise for an Executive room - but all of the rooms were charming and felt very authentic &quot;English&quot;. The bathrooms were well stocked and a very good size. Even when we had a bit of trouble with our toilet - one call to the desk brought the maintenance man immediately - and a follow up call from the manager to see that we were fixed and content. All in all I can not have been happier with our choice and would certainly recommend Rubens to others.	
Jul 5 2005	Small but nice	This hotel is in an excellent location. My husband and I walked to many of London's main attractions and the train station is only two blocks away. The staff and concierge were friendy and gladly held our luggage until the room was ready. We were in a standard room which was clean and nicely decorated. It was very small, however, and we had difficulty figuring out where to put the luggage. Because we aren't in the hotel room very much, that wasn't a big problem for us. The bathroom was very nice and seemed to have been newly remodeled. The hotel breakfast was pretty good, but overpriced. I would recommend eating elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2005	Love at first sight	I have just spent a little time reading the reviews of this lovely, quaint hotel and I thought I had better set prospective guests straight! My nana and I stayed here for about a week in September of 2002. Our room was petite yet gorgeous, the staff were ever obliging and the location was fantastic, only a 5 minute walk to Victoria Tube which can take you almost anywhere in this great city! London would have to be one of my most favoutrite destinations in the world and staying at this perfect boutique hotel only made me love the city more. I have to admit that the floors were creaky, the rooms were small, but when you have a city so large around you its nice to have a cosy room with character to come home to! If you are thinking of coming to London and want to experience real 'pomp and ceremony' don't hesitate to stay here, you will not be disappointed! Plus, where else in London can you stay and be so close to the action?? (i.e. The Royal Mews, St James' Palace, Clarence House, Buckingham Palace)	
Jun 29 2005	Loved The Rubens - Great Location and Great Staff.	We just returned from two weeks at the Rubens. Our family loved the hotel. It is in a perfect location - directly across from the Buckingham Palace grounds and an easy walk to Westminster Abby, Big Ben, etc. It is also very close to every transportation option. Our room was a split level suite. The decor is just what you would expect from an English hotel. Every room gets nightly turn down service. The hotel bar called The Cavalry and the restaurants are beautiful. The staff was very friendly, professional and helpful, especially David at the concierge desk. We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2005	Wow the creaky floors!	Was on a business trip for a week outside of London, stayed at The Rubens for a few days sightseeing on the weekend. Location is great, across from the back of Buckingham Palace and 2 blocks from the train/subway. The staff was excellent and the hotel has a nice look.The rooms are very, very, very small, but as a single traveller spending most of my time outside the hotel, it wasn't a problem for me. The room was well decorated, and the carpetting seemed fairly new.The EXTREMELY creaky underfloors were a problem though, because they creaked SO loud, I was sure every step at night would wake the people on the floor below. It was so bad I actually limited the amount of walking I did in my room.The bathroom was clean, but what's the deal with the tissues? The maids take 2 or 3 tissues, and shove them in the empty boxes. Are they SO cheap that they need to do this?One more problem was that for the first night, the pillow smelled like some old person's apartment. I mean, it reeked... bad. I asked for a new pillow the next day, and this one was fine.Overall, not a bad place to stay, but because of the extremely creaky floors, I don't know that I would stay there again (yes, they are that bad).	
Jun 21 2005	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at The Rubens May 30 &amp; 31. Our stay was great. We had a regular room. The decor and bed linens very scrumptous, even though the towels were a little rough. For americans they had wash cloths! We arrived at 8:30 a.m. and the staff was most gracious to keep our luggage tucked (room not ready) away while we roomed around London. Just next store is a little sandwich shop (if you don't want to eat in the hotel restaurant). The hotel is just across the street from the Royal Mews and a short walk from Victoria Station. It was very convenient to the bus lines as well. Within a block you can reach any mode of transportation. We did not eat in the restaurants, but we did visit the bar, it was very nice and relaxing after a busy day. It is a lovely hotel and I can not imagine anyone having a bad stay.	
Jun 13 2005	Rubens Nice But Royal Room Too Small	My husband and I stayed in a Royal Room in April of 2005. First, our room was not ready upon arrival, which was understandable since we arrived around 11am. However, when we came back around check in time our room was still not ready. Apparently, the previous guest had requested a late check out. It was totally annoying that we were not put into our room until after 5pm. I paid close to 200 pounds for a room that I was not even able to enjoy from the advertised check-in time. Since we took an overnight flight from the States we were about to fall-out and they gave us a standard room for a couple of hours around 3pm. Although the standard room is equally small, if you are on a budget, I recommend staying in a standard room as opposed to the Royal Room. I was very offended that my room rate was not discounted or that some other complimentary item was not provided for our inconvenience. They barely even apologized. Therefore, I was not impressed and for those used to 5 Star service in the States, you may be disappointed here at the Rubens. Go to the Savoy or something on that caliber.The Royal Room (Henry VIII) was absolutely beautiful with crown molding and great attention to detail. I have never stayed in a room so beautifully decorated. However, I have never stayed in a room so small. I know that rooms in Europe are smaller, but you would think that the Royal Rooms would at least have some room to at least walk without bumping into something. I had read other reviews that the Royal Rooms were small, but if I would have known just how small I would have not paid such a high price for the room. Trust me - the room is very very very small. Please take heed - if you are going to book a Royal Room only do it for the decor and not for the size.Service was average to good and the location was awesome. Within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Queen's Gallery, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Parliment, Cabient War Rooms, etc.	
Jun 10 2005	Fair only fair!	Stayed here last February (2005) and wasn't that impressed.Nice bar, but the staff could have been better.I found our room, especially the bathroom, small poky and difficult to navigate (bathroom even has a step up in it which isn't the safest place to have steps).However, the breakfast in the morning was top notch.The hotel is quiet central being a five mins brisk walk away from Victoria station.Overall, I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 1 2005	Average Stay at The Rubens	After reading the very positive reports of this hotel, I was expecting a bit more from our stay. My husband and I stayed at The Rubens for three nights. We had a rather small double room with a one-window &quot;view&quot; to an interior courtyard filled with mechanical works/ducts, resulting in a room which was rather dark. The decor was nice enough although the comforter on the bed was stained. The bed was fairly comfortable and we did sleep well. The room was quiet-- probably owing to the interior location. We ordered room service one night (dessert only) which was delivered quickly and tasted good. All other items on the room service menu were grossly overpriced and could be had for half the price from one of the many pubs near the hotel. My husband and I found the full English breakfast buffet to be mediocre. Although there was a lot of variety and no shortage of quantity, the quality of the food seemed to be lacking. The staff at the hotel were courteous and helpful. The location of the hotel is excellent and is probably its strongest point.	
Jun 1 2005	Great Location - Small Rooms	We stayed in the Hampton Suite on the 4th floor with a view over the Royal Mews which was great. The rooms was only small though. There was a sofa bed for our daughter. With the sofa bed made up there was not much room left. Although we spent little time in the room itself. There was complimentary water in the room with a small amount of fruit. Nightly chocolates in your pillow, canapes and turn down service. The breakfast in the morning was one the best we have sampled. Very, very nice with a huge selection. The hotel is in a great location. It is very close to the Victoria metro station. Take a tour of the Royals Mews if you get a chance. It does not take long and is very informative. We even saw the Queen during our stay during the opening of Parliament parades/celebrations. What a bonus!!	
May 30 2005	Great Location	My wife and I recently stayed at the Rubens At The Palace Hotel. The hotel has an excellent location (situated across from Buckingham Palace). The immediate area is laidback and relaxing, yet, many of the areas of London worth seeing (such as Piccadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square) are a comfortable walk or a short cab ride (7-10 EURO) away. The hotel lobby and common areas are impressive and welcoming. We stayed in a standard “double-double room”. The room’s décor was traditional and pleasant. The marble and wood bathroom was particularly impressive. The only real drawback to the room was its limited size. If we were there for more than a few days, it probably would have started to feel cramped. Notwithstanding, it was comfortable enough for our 3-night stay. The Rubens is a solid 4-Star hotel. The staff is professional and tries to be helpful. The hotel does not have an exercise facility on-site, however, a couple of parks located nearby provide good locations for a picturesque run. We can recommend this hotel for those who are able to get a good deal. We paid under $300 (USD) a night for our room and consider that a good deal for London. If you have to pay significantly more than that, you should consider some of its more upscale competitors. You can’t go wrong with the Rubens, however, there are better alternatives once you reach a certain price point.	
May 25 2005	Nice Hotel Decent Value Great Customer Service	The customer service at this hotel is excellent! The staff took the time to learn our names (even though we were only at the hotel for 3 days). They provided us a cot at no extra charge; it is normally 25 lbs which translates to appx $50/night. We ordered room service late, around midnight and it wasn't really up to par. We called and let them know that we were just going to go to bed and they wouldn't hear of it. They credited us for the soup we ordered and then sent us some complimentary sandwiches so we wouldn't go to bed hungry. Also I would recommend utilizing the concierge as much as possible. He got us into high tea at the Savoy with one day's notice, got us London Eye tickets a few hours before we wanted to go and made all sorts of other reservations for us. He was great. The room we were in was very large and was almost large enough for 3, but it was a little cramped, but for two it would be okay. The room was decorated in very rich colors (reds and greens), but you could tell that it was due for some refurbishing. All in all the location is good, the value was good and the customer service was great. If I was traveling on a tighter budget I would probably stay here again (average room rate for a double was appx $180/night).	
May 23 2005	First Impressions	The first room was so small, that to change my mind, I had to get out of it! First impressions are very important and this one was not a good one. I had to complain about the size of the room to get a new, more adequate (still small) room. Something about walking into the room and stumbling into the bed! I have stayed at many hotels throughout Europe, but this one got my vote for the one with the smallest rooms.Location is great though. Five minute walk from Victoria Station. Two minutes to the front gate of Buckingham Palace and the Royal Guard barracks (best place to see the guards!!).	
May 17 2005	Good value for London	Had just a Saturday evening and Sunday morning in London in transit, so wanted something close to Victoria Station for the Gatwick Express. Had stayed at the Thistle Victoria previously, and it was fine, but thought I would try something else and found the Rubens on Tripadvisor with good-to-excellent reviews. Wanted something reasonably priced since not much time in London for hanging out in the hotel. Got what seemed a good deal for a single room with continental breakfast (usually 12 GBP) for 75 GBP which came to 89 GBP with 17.5% VAT. Seemed OK for what I wanted. Passed through London just for the morning 2 weeks earlier and asked at the hotel if I could leave my luggage just for the morning since I would be a guest 2 weeks hence. Kinda a silly request, but I was kindly accomodated once they checked my reservation. Made for a very nice morning in London. Anyway, when checked in, asked if I could get my single with a view, and was told that the rooms have no views since they are interior. The nice young woman at the desked offered an upgrade to a double (one double bed) in a room with a view from the front of the hotel for an additional 20 GBP, which seemed reasonable since it included continental breakfast. The room was 112 on the first floor, and was terrific, with 2 huge windows, high ceilings, heavy draperies, plenty of room for one, a fine bath (though the toilet itself was odd since a cabinet displaying the amenities was inserted directly above) with great water pressure and hot water. Noise was not a problem since an additional set of interior windows which could be opened protected the outer windows. I spent very little time in the room, preferring to explore London. The hotel is close to everything, and I walked over to Waterloo Station, the OXO building and the Tate Modern for dinner. Breakfast was served from 7:30-10:30 on Sunday, and was standard buffet style with excellent table service for coffee/tea and toast. Great service! Apparently, I was also upgraded to the full English breakfast (15 GBP) at no cost. I wish I had been more hungry. Check out was a breeze, very friendly, and my walk to Victoria took 10 minutes. Wish I had been staying longer. The cost was $211 at about 1.92 dollars to the pound. Was converted to dollars at the desk. The room was slick, and the bed and pillows exceptional. I highly recommend this hotel if you can get a reasonable deal with breakfast included. Safe, safe, safe and convenient, expecially if you like to walk.	
May 15 2005	The best hotel I've ever stayed in!!!	I recently stayed at the Rubens and they exceeded my expectations by far! When they saw that one of our traveling companions was sleeping on they floor, they surprised us with a cot. When we asked if we could have three bottles of water, they gave us six. When we were hungry after the city closed down, they brought us soup, when they saw we didn't like it, they served us sandwiches on the house. Every member of the staff was sweet and accommodating. The location was great, close walking distance to the beautiful St. James park. The rooms were spacious for London and decorated nicely. I have never had service like I recieved at the Rubens, if I return to London, I won't ever think about staying at another hotel.	
May 7 2005 	Not a palace	Stayed one night (election night). Arrived very late (2.30 am). Receptionist very kind and helpful, and bar still open. The general atmosphere is a little threadbare. I was worried what my first floor room would be like - it was fine. The curtains drew properly, and it was quiet as it was at the back of the hotel. However, a fan in the ceiling outside the bathroom kept cutting in all night, clattering. Four foot bed.OK, but definitely not a first choice hotel.	
Apr 30 2005	Jolly good time!!	We just returned from a 5 night stay, at The Rubens. The staff was very attentive. We did have to call down on two occasions, to ask for something that housekeeping didn't leave in our bathroom. Based on previous postings, we knew that the room would be small. We had a twin, and the room was rather small. The closet, and drawer space was extremely limited, but we made due. We spent very little time in the room, so by and large it was a non-issue. The location was perfect, the Victoria tube station is a three minute walk. The concierge was very helpful in making dinner reservations, and tours.The full English Breakfast, which was included in our package, was more than enough to prepare us for our adventures in sightseeing. Be prepared to spend alot in London with the lousy exchange rate right now. We would cerainly stay at The Rubens again.	
Apr 26 2005	Acceptable	We spent 5 nights at the Rubens in March 2005 as a package deal. Staff at the front desk and the concierge were very nice and friendly. The breakfast buffet was the best part of the stay. We had a king room that was adequate. It did not feel like it was a 4 star hotel. but we did not have a &quot;royal room&quot; either.	
Apr 26 2005	AbFab Stay at the Rubens!	I was absolutely delighted with the Rubens. The staff -- from Dave the concierge to the housekeeping staff -- couldn't be more helpful (I wish =I= were as good an employee as they all are!) and the location is superb. Comfortable and (from a NY point of view) reasonable. I will certainly stay there again. I only wish I could live there permanently!	
Apr 24 2005	Rubens a nice place to stay	My family stayed at this hotel for 5 days in late March into the first week of April, 2005. We booked there because of the reviews in Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. Don't expect a view in many rooms, but they were well decorated, clean and quite confortable. The full breakfast included in our room was very good but quite English in some ways - e.g. not used to having my eggs fried in so much oil.Rubens location can't be any better. You are close to Victoria station, a bunch of restraunts, Buckingham Place, and you can easily walk to many sites within a 1/2 mile such as Big Ben, the Cabinet War Rooms and St. James Park. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The twin room my mother and son shared was small but not tiny. Our Superior King room was a bit more expensive but with a great deal of room. The King room also comes with a twin pullout sofa bed.While in London, remember to take a day tour to Stonehenge and Bath, you can book it for a discount on London discount websites and can catch the bus from the Victoria Motor Coach Station about 3 blocks from the hotel.	
Apr 19 2005	Excellent service great location	I just returned from a 9-night stay at the Rubens. We were taking my wife's parents to London for the first time and were looking for something centrally-located and with good service. The Rubens was excellent on both counts.From the first time we arrived and every time thereafter, the staff (especially Dave, the concierge) greeted us enthusiastically, asking about our day, what we saw, and if there was anything they could get for us. Our room was a little late to be ready and they immediately offered us complimentary refreshments from the lounge.The location is perfect to see all the major sights and the Royal Mews is literally right across the street. Buckingham Palace is less than 2 minutes walk, Picadilly and Westminster both less than 15 minutes walk through the royal parks which are amazing at any time of year.If you get a breakfast-inclusive deal at the Rubens, you won't need lunch. It's an amazing buffet spread with full English and Continental every morning--better than the respectable breakfast I had at Thistle Hyde Park on a previous trip. The Bag 'o Nails pub across the intersection is a great place at night and filled mostly with locals as is the King's Arms down the street. Both have a solid menu and great Fuller's ales on cask. Yum.The standard rooms are a tad small by US standards, but very clean and nicely decorated. For this sort of sight-seeing trip, you basically need somewhere comfortable and quiet to sleep and for this they were perfect. For those who have said that the street was loud, they may not have noticed that there was an inside modern window that shut out any sound that came through the vintage single pane.In short, I would definitely stay here again for a similar trip, especially in the late off-season when the rates were very good.	
Apr 15 2005	Five Star Service	I was treated to two nights at this hotel for my birthday. What a present, all the staff were lovely, so helpful. We ate in the library on one night - again very impressed with the quality of the food and the service. Really is five star, can't wait to go again!	
Apr 13 2005	It Depends I Think	I think reviews for this hotel completely depend on the type of room booked. I found a great deal on the hotel's website for a weekend getaway package that included a double room and full english breakfast for £93 per night. For that price I expected the room to be small, which it was, but it was adequate for two people and nicely decorated. I requested a business ready, non-smoking room with a view of Buckingham Palace, and those requests were fulfilled. Our room was not quite ready when we arrived at 3:30 pm, but it was ready within 15 minutes.As I mentioned, the room was small, but nice, with a view of the Palace from the 1st floor. The bathroom was incredibly large compared to the overall size of the room. Huge bathtub/shower, but we had some trouble keeping the shower water off the floor (only a partial shower door and no curtain). The breakfast was nice and filled us up. The food was pretty good; nothing spectacular.Overall, I was satisfied considering the great deal I got. However, I'd probably try somewhere else next time or request a Royal Room. It's not that our room wasn't nice. I just didn't get the WOW feeling everyone else got.	
Apr 12 2005	Royal Experience	My wife and in-laws went to London for seven days in March of 2004...an awesome experience. The Rubens is in a spendid location (directly across from Buckingham Palace, blocks from Victory Station-a hub for ground and rail transportation, walking distance from a number of other attractions, and tons of eating places). The service was impecciable! Apparently, the general manager had just started but he was more than cordial, if I remember correctly he had run a hotel in Austrailia. From the front desk to the wait staff, the bell-hops to the maid service, everyone was tremendously courteous! While our room was smaller than my in-law's, the view of the palace and the coziness of the room was wonderful. The only change I would have made would have been to stay longer!	
Apr 11 2005	Wonderful Rubens	My daughter and I stayed at the Rubens over spring break 2005. We chose the Royal Wing and stayed in the &quot;Mary Queen of Scotts&quot; room. Excellent. Plasma T.V. in the bathroom and a pop up one at the foot of the bed. Wonderful staff, perfect location, very near the Victoria tube and across from Buckingham Palace. We would stay here again. Be sure to get the full English breakfast included in your room price.	
Apr 8 2005	Great Hotel	Our family of three spent seven nights at the Rubens in early April. Staff was extraordinarily friendly, and the concierge service particularly helpful. The full English breakfast included in the cost of the room was excellent. Location is great.	
Apr 8 2005	A mixed blessing	I booked two nights at this hotel back in April '04, because the hotel I normally stay in in London (Thistle Tower) was fully booked.Having read the reviews on here, I was expecting true greatness all round, and expected the Rubens could become my new 'normal' London hotel.On arrival, the doorman was very friendly (found he used to live 5 miles from us!), front desk was helpful and concierge was great. We then got to our room...it was tiny, definetly the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in. View was just grey concrete.Phoned the front desk, to see if a larger room was available; was told I could upgrade for quite a high charge (I forget how much), but they weren't prepared to do anything otherwise. We decided to just live with it.As we were going to the theatre that night, we decided to have dinner before we went out; I'd heard great things about the carvery there, but that was disappointing as well. The food tasted great, but the selection was very poor, and the service was terrible.We had breakfast in the hotel, and that did not disappoint. Very good selection of food, freshly prepared - good value for money.So, a very mixed hotel, which I won't be staying in again. Some food is very good, and some not so good. Most of the staff are great, but the restaurant staff let them down.	
Mar 31 2005	Incredible!	Just got back today (March 31st) from 5 days at the Rubens. I spent 2 months researching this site trying to make a decision on a hotel. The Rubens met all of our expectations. We had a junior suite with breakfast included. If you need anything, be sure to ask Nathan. Everyone was helpful and we had a great view of Buckingham Palace.	
Mar 30 2005	Were we in the same hotel?	I feel somewhat confused after reading some of these reviews. My wife and I booked this hotel as a direct consequence of the reviews on this website. We stayed for just 2 nights in February and had booked a double room. On our arrival we were informed there we no double rooms available, just twins. The room itself was small and dark. A result of the view from the windows being obstructed by a balustrade. Standing on tiptoe a view of Buckingham Palace could be obtained! The staff were entirely average in our opinion, the receptionist was unable to sort out the matter of the room, the concierge were unable to book a taxi at a particular time, stating the doorman would 'flag one down' only for there to be no doorman at the appointed time. At breakfast it took 2 waitresses and the supervisor to finally get our order on the table. (The first one had forgotten about us, the 2nd just disappeared and the supervisor came and enquired if 'everything was alright'). Now these are not problems if you are in a budget hotel or a hotel that rates 3 out of 5 but.......? My wife and I are well travelled, stayed in some great places and some grotty places. We give credit where credit's due and this hotel is certainly not worthy of it's present rating based on our experience. An average 3 or 4 star hotel maybe. Book this hotel, enjoy your stay, but don't go with too high an expectation based on the reviews on this site.	
Mar 27 2005	Simply Class !	We stayed here durring Easter. The location is pretty central for most things. The first thing we noticed was the high standard of service. The staff were wondefull, friendly, attentive and very very helpfull people. Our room was very very clean and very nicely decorated too. Dinning was an experience in it's self. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner here. Firstly the service is top class. The chief does not just cook very very good food - it is &quot;an experience in art&quot; for the taste buds ! The food is expensive - but when I tasted the food I had no doubts this was an experience well worth it. The staff made our stay a very relaxing and cheerfull one. It was a nice break. One more word - if you are short of ideas about what to see and do in London - well do not worry ! The staff at Rubens will sort this out for you on the day. They know what is going on where and how much it costs. They may even be able to get tickets for many things !!! It is just hard to believe that outside the front door is busy London - yet within the doors is a tranquil, peaceful, relaxing place with great service, great rooms, great food &amp; drink and fantastic quality.	
Mar 21 2005	Fantastic	I stayed at the Rubens in January 2005. I was very pleased with the quality of the room and the friendly staff. Its worth checking out the hotel's own website and/or phoning the hotel direct to get a good deal. The breakfast is well worth the cost, £12, as the food on offer is delicious and sets you up for the whole day. Bar is a bit expensive, but thats to be expected in London. Very close to Victoria Station, perfect for getting around.	
Mar 7 2005	Lovely hotel	Stayed at the Rubens for 3 nights in February, had a king room, just a great place to stay. Close to the Tube, easy to get to anyplace in town, very quiet hotel. The breakfast was incredible, lots of variety and selection. Just a wonderful place to enjoy London from.	
Mar 2 2005	Pleasant short stay	We just returned from a short 4 night stay at The Rubens. This was our first stay at this hotel. It is centrally located near Victoria. The rooms are pleasant, if small, and have some nice touches. Coffe and tea making facilities. Good toiletries. Generally very clean. The floors creak at night and there is some traffic noise from outside.The public areas of this hotel are very nice with good bar and dining facilities. The staff is competent, not exceptional. We booked online through an agency and received a very good rate including breakfast. Be sure your package includes the breakfast program. The Full English Breakfast is the perfect way to start the day. The all you care to eat buffet, with cooked by chef egg choices, is one of the best in London. Real, fresh orange juice. All in all this is a full 4-star establishment.	
Feb 27 2005	Fantastic The best hotel Ive ever stayed in	Ive just come back from a two night stay at the Rubens At The Palace, and all I can say is WOW. The hotel is fantastic, the food lovely and the service impeccable. Nothing was too much for the staff, from the moment I checked in to when I left I was pampered. I stay in a lot of hotels (Im a travel agent) and never have I been this impressed. I cant wait to go again.	
Feb 25 2005	Smaller than a Closet : )	I just got home from a stay at the Rubens and laughed out loud at the last review. We also were given a &quot;deluxe&quot; double room that was smaller than a closet. The small double bed took up the entire room and there was no place to put our luggage other than in front of the bathroom door - forget about opening it if one of us was in bed. When we asked them to change our room due to its riduclously small size, we were told we could upgrade for an additional 50 pounds/night. Finally they changed us the next day tho that room was not much bigger either. Also, the hair dryer in the desk drawer is totally riduculous and unmanageable, especially when there is no other place to put your suitcase but on the desk! The staff however was very friendly and pleasant and it was an easy walk to Victoria Station. All in all though, ridiculously expensive for the rooms offered.	
Feb 9 2005 	$350 closet!	After a dutiful six months search for a London property, I settled upon the Reubens at the Palace. Great location if Buckingham Palace is your destination, but aside from that, it is rather out of the way. Upon checking in in August (during a rare heat wave!), to this ultra small space they refer to as a SUPERIOR ROOM (9'6&quot; wide x 8'3&quot; long) I asked the bellman where the contols for the air conditioning were located. He responded: &quot;Air conditioning, certainly!&quot; and proceeded to open a closet and take out an oscillating fan and place it on the dresser. So much for the research and reviews by which I was so enormously misled! I was also disappointed when after asking at the front desk if I required a coupon or ticket for the &quot;full English breakfast&quot; that I was to enjoy each of the following 5 mornings; only to be informed that I was not entitled to a &quot;breakfast inclusion&quot; with MY room arrangement. Be damned the fact that I had in hand, a copy of the rental agreement direct from their website so stating that I indeed did have such an arrangement. Breakfast would by 18£ per person! Upon my return, I filed a written contest of the charges via my credit card company. They have refused the request by Red Carnation Hotels for the $1800+ billing until my issues are resolved, I have heard nothing for 6 months. I am not trying to beat them out of their money, I just want them to live up to our contractual agreement. Seek another venue for your stay! 	
Feb 6 2005	Visted Nov '04...3 nights	Very nice, quiet boutique hotel. Rooms/beds comfortable, little quirky like had trouble locating blow dryer as it was in the desk drawer and had to stay there as it was hardwired. Had to get on hands and knees to use the safe. Beware of rooms with view into the light shaft if that's something you wouldn't like. Breakfast good, front desk pleasant and helpful, property decorated in rich colors. Closest hotel to Buckingham Palace...to get there you have to pass the Royal Mews (directly across the street) and Queen's Gallery. Don't miss either of those. Bit far from the tube stops. Victoria one way, St. James Park the other. Either about 10 minute walk.	
Feb 3 2005	Loved The Rubens	my wife and i were simply pleased beyond expectations with the accomodations, service and food quality. a special thanks to your doorman Nathan, a more pleasant person would be hard to find and to Dave, the concergie a man with with a smile and a story that would please anyone. we will definetly make it a point to stay here on our next trip.Sincere RegardsNorman &amp; Claire Jourdenais	
Jan 24 2005	Great Hotel!	My husband and I went to London for a week and stayed at the Rubens. Great location, very close to Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. Excellent staff-great bar-great breakfast-great concierge! We will definitely stay here again!	
Jan 24 2005	Great location	We spent 6 nights at The Rubens in January. The location is hard to beat--across from the Royal Mews and a little over a block to the Victoria Tube station. We had a king room--very nicely furnished but a bit small. The breakfst buffet is above average. The staff is very friendly. Two minor complaints. We were charged 1.5 pounds for every local call (including connecting to toll free numbers). Most mornings we got the Manchester paper instead of the requested International Herald Tribune. We will stay here again.	
Jan 16 2005	Great Hotel terrific location	Stayed at The Rubens for eight nights in January 2005. Got a terrific rate on a King room, incl. VAT and full breakfast. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and guests seemed to be a mix of Americans, Brits, and a variety of Europeans, making for a nice mix in the bar and breakfast room. The hotel is convenient to Victoria Station and the Tube, and you can easily walk to many of the London highlights, including Buckingham Palance (two blocks), Westminster Abbey, the Houses of Parliament, Trafalgar Square and Knightsbridge. Can't speak highly enough of The Rubens as a base for spending time in London!	
Jan 16 2005	really nice hotel	I booked this hotel through LondonTown.com, and got a good rate for one night and full english for me and my boyfriend. We checked in just after 2oclock, and were quite surprised when we were offered a free upgrade to an executive suite! The staff was all so friendly and asked about our plans and if there was anything we required. The suite was nice and clean, and had everything you needed. We even had a fax machine and internet access. The front desk even phoned us after about 5mins to make sure we were happy with the room, which i thought was a nice touch. Rooms are not the biggest i have seen, but we were only staying for one night anyway, and thought it was perfect.The full english breakfast was lovely. It was a buffet which was good as you can just help yourself to whatever you wish. Best to get this included in the rate of the room, as i think it may have been about £17 each otherwise!!Its a very nice, clean and especially friendly hotel, which i thought was wonderfull, and if i stay in London again, i will defintely be going back!	
Jan 7 2005	Great location nice room	I have just returned from London, where I spent a night at the Rubens. Contrary to others' experience, I was given a lovely, well-furnished room at the cheap Internet rate. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the great location speaks for itself. Only one drawback: prices are extremely high for all extra services, eg, breakfast, room service, pay per view movies.	
Jan 7 2005	Simply the Best	My husband and I stayed at the Rubens from Dec. 20-22, 2004. I chose this hotel because of the great reviews here but also because my husband has trouble being on his feet for long periods of time and the location would enable him to feel like he was in the middle of things even when he had to spend time in the room. We weren’t disappointed!I had booked on their web site for 109 GBP including English breakfast. Upon arriving at 8:30 AM we were offered an upgrade to a junior suite overlooking the Royal Mews for an additional 25 GBP. Check-in was fast and easy and we were immediately taken to our room. It was lovely and we were directly across from the front entrance of the Mews. We could watch the horses and carriages coming and going and see the horses being exercised. Hearing the clop clop clop of the horses really made you feel like you were in old royal London.Dave, the concierge, made our stay absolutely perfect. There wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for us – sending ice up to the room, mailing postcards, last minute tickets to Mamma Mia, constantly helping us with maps and places to go, getting our room changed when our daughter arrived from Budapest so that she could stay with us (for only 10 extra GBP), and even finding out who won the Patriots game! He totally spoiled us. Every time we entered the hotel we felt like we were coming home. The doorman, Nathan, was absolutely charming. He was always there with a smile and ever ready to help if it was needed. The English breakfast was a large buffet with all kinds of choices and a chef to cook eggs to order. We were very sad to leave the Rubens and it was definitely the high point of our trip.	
Jan 3 2005	A real gem	Based on Tripadvisor reviews, we booked the week between Christmas and New Year's at The Rubens. We couldn't have been more pleased. The location was wonderful, especially if you use the Gatwick Express to nearby Victoria Station. The rooms are very comfortable, especially if you pay a bit more for one of the newer Royal rooms. There are a few eccentricities (the hairdryer won't plug into the bathroom socket and the hidden TV only faced the bed), but it was quite nice overall. The food is very good as well, especially the ample buffet breakfasts to start your day (get it included with your room rate; it's very expensive al a carte). But the key here, as others pointed out, is the staff. They couldn't be nicer and more helpful. Any of them will do just about anything to make your stay more comfortable, from Conrad, John and Joseph at the concierge desk to Estelle, an outstanding assistant manager. We'd definetely stay here again because of the friendly staff making you welcome. We had many good restaurant recommendations from them---try nearby Shakespeare for pub fish and chips and The Albert for a roast beef carvery and Bentleys for a seafood splurge. This hotel is excellent and a very good value. Maybe not the best in the city, but has everything you need to decide to stay here on every visit to London.	
Dec 15 2004	Loved the Ruebens	My husband &amp; I stayed here the first week of September and loved it. The staff was great and it was in a great location The only thing that we didn't like was that housekeeping cleaned your room even if your do not disturb sign was on. But I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to London and looking for a nice hotel and spend too much money.	
Dec 14 2004	Excellent hotel	My fiance, as of the 2nd day of our stay, and I were there in early December 2004. We booked through The Rubens website taking advantage of the speical offer for early booking which included the buffet breakfast. Everything went very well from checkin, we were upgraded to a suite, to the excellent buffet, to the great concierge. The staff always took care of details. I bought my fiance flowers which we left in the room in the moring. We found them placed in nice vase when we returned in the evening. We plan to stay at The Rubens again during our honeymoon.	
Dec 9 2004	Bright clean and friendly	From the minute we arrived to the time we unfortunately had to leave everything was perfect	
Dec 7 2004	Nice hotel but staff needs work....	Our family stayed 3 nights at the Ruben in October 2004 and we occupied a total of 3 rooms. While the hotel is in a great location very near the Palace and Victoria Station, I don't know if I'd stay there again. I have mixed reviews about the staff. The doorman Nathan and the men at the Concierge desk were absolutely wonderful. The front desk staff was so-so. Pay attention to the rate they are charging you! They tried to charge me a higher rate than my travel agent had reserved. When I protested at check-in, an asst manager said there was nothing she could do and I'd have to resolve it when I got home. Upon check out I again expressed my disappointment to a different asst manager who immediately got the discrepency resolved by contacting their reservations office. Our room was nicely decorated but the view was of an interior rooftop air conditioner unit and the bathroom was so cramped you could barely reach into the shower to turn on the water. I was told there were no other rooms to transfer to. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful. The food was hot, delicious and plentiful but the wait staff was not very friendly in the dining room. The Ruben definitely needs to work on staff attitude...too inconsistent.	
Nov 19 2004	rubens at the palace	I just returned from london and I stayed at rubens at the palace, I was so pleased with this hotel, everything was just great, the staff was very helpful, the room was great the hotel was close to victoria station, I booked through my travel agent I will recomend this hotel to anyone anytime, and whenever I go to london this is the hotel I will be staying at.	
Nov 15 2004	Good choice in London	We enjoyed our stay here for our first trip to London. The hotel was easy to access from Victoria station. The staff was excellent, we received a free upgrade and nice note because it was our anniversary, the breakfast (included in our rate) was plentiful. I felt safe in our area, and there are beautiful parks to walk through on your way to Westminster and other sightseeing areas. There is not nightlife immediately outside the door, like if you stayed near Picadilly Circus, but there are plenty of pubs and restaurants around. (Bumbles down the street was a good choice). Be prepared for sticker shock no matter where you stay - this is an expensive town for Americans right now.	
Nov 6 2004	Great location but avoid the small cheaper rooms	Booked a 2 night break here through a internet late booking firm and the room did reflect the lower price we paid- so much so that the hotels heating/air con unit was directly outside the window and although the noise was not really loud it did prevent us from sleeping easily. When we informed the reception they hapily provided us with a different room( which was also larger than the previous one).Location was perfect for exploring London especially being so close to Victoria station and the attitude and service of the staff was of a very high standard especially as we were only a couple of 20 year olds that obviously wernt going to spend a lot of extra cash in the hotel.P.S hotel bar prices- i know they are supposed to be expensive but blimy!!	
Oct 28 2004	Very Pleased	Our first visit to London. After hours of research, found this hotel based on recommendations on TripAdvisor.com. Great location, comfortable room. We did not have a view but that was rather unimportant. Our college age daughter stayed in the room with us on a sofa bed which made the room cramped but not unworkable. Room and bathroom were very clean; reception and concierge staff exceedingly helpful to first time visitors; dining room staff need lessons on customer service. Would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 19 2004	Fine for the price some small annoyances	I should preface this by saying I hadn´t been to London in several years so really don´t know how this hotel´s price-quality ratio compares with others. The Rubens is in a good location close to Victoria Station, minutes from Piccadilly Circus, and within walking distance of the London Eye &amp; Parliament. The room decor was elegant, though tightly packed. Beds very comfortable, nice linens, with zero street noise (room gave onto an inner courtyard). The concierges were helpful. I was there for almost a week, but the reservations people were quite unsympathetic when I asked for a larger room (my partner was flying in for the weekend, which I mentioned when making the reservation). I realize that I had negotiated a low rate, but a bitchy &quot;I´m not giving you something for free,&quot; when I asked for a bigger room was not the best way to handle the situation. The room was so small I had to stash my suitcase in the closet. The absence of a mini-bar was inconvenient, not so important when you´re there for a couple of days, but eating out gets expensive when you can´t keep perishable snacks or drinks in a refrigerator. Breakfast was adequate but exactly the same every day. It was included in the rate, but at over $20 it´s not worth buying separately. A final observation, the maids have a strange habit of not replacing empty Kleenex boxes. They just stuff a few wads of Kleenex in the empty boxes each day. Odd.	
Sep 27 2004	Another Stay at the Rubens	Spent a week there in August, on at least our 5th or 6th visit. This time I requested a room without stairs in it and we got a lovely, if small, room with a view of the Royal Mews. The buffet breakfast was good and the service in the dining room in the morning was much improved. Tom, the concierge, was as welcoming and helpful as always. We feel very much at home there and wouldn't want to stay anywhere else.	
Sep 27 2004	Very Good	Stayed at the Rubens in March 04 using it as a base for a Kraftwerk concert in Brixton, and for a general beer tour and mooch around Belgravia, the Kings Road and Victoria.A superb hotel, and very good value for money. Spotlessly clean, a huge bath, and the sort of trimmings you expect from hotels twice the price.The buffet breakfast deserves a mention - they fry your eggs while you wait to your exact specification.All in all, highly recomended.	
Sep 23 2004	The Rubens is just right	Excellent service, great hotel. My daughter and I stayed here for 6 nights in September and we had a wonderful time seeing the sights in London. The hotel is close to Victoria station and the Tube and Bus stops. Our twin room was cosy, quiet and very comfortable. The bath was really nice. We booked through the hotel website for an advance purchase special and received flowers, candy, daily newspaper and FREE BREAKFAST which was a large buffet every day. With food prices so expensive in London, we saved money by having a large late breakfast and then an early dinner. Breakfast is not always included in Travelocity rates (I learned this lesson last year when we stayed at the Hyde Park Hilton, the breakfast buffet was $19.00 per person and was not included in the Travelocity rate). The concierge staff at the Rubens is very friendly and helpful. They directed us to the right bus stops every day and we rode busses everywhere to get the views of London from the top of the double decker bus rather than just taking the Tube.	
Sep 21 2004	Comfortservicegood breakfast -and great "Rubens coffee"	My husband and I stayed at the Rubens the last two nights- we loved it. The room was pretty, bed was very comfortable, room cleaned twice a day if you want, lovely bathtub. The staff was attentive and helpful with suggestions. Breakfast, buffet style, is great- includes fresh fruit, low-fat yogurt, and cooked-to-order eggs as well as the usual &quot;full English breakfast&quot; if you want it. Location is very convenient.We had afternoon tea there and enjoyed it - also, on the suggestion of some Scottish ladies, tried a &quot;Rubens coffee&quot; in the bar- try it, you'll like it!	
Sep 4 2004	A breath of fresh air after a bunch of B	Rubens is located in a great area. It is very central to everything. Out our window &amp; across the street was Buckingham Palace. To stay in a hotel after a bunch of B&amp;B's was very refreshing.The bathroom was tiled with lots of mirrors. There was a telephone in the bathroom along with a mirror in the shower. It was great. The rooms were a little small but it was no problem. The bed was big and comfortable and the room had air conditioning. I would say the only 2 problems we had with our 3 night stay at Rubens was that the floors in the bathroom and bedroom were not as clean as we would have liked. We asked for it to be vacuumed and cleaned again but I think our idea of clean and their idea of clean is very different. This still would not stop me from staying here again. There was also an incident with our bill when we were checking out. We had used the phone in our room with our calling card and thought that that was all there was to it. But on check out we found out that everytime you used the card it was a 1.50 pound charge. This was shocking because they do not advertise the charge and we unfortunately had a hard time getting through to the states so we ended up having to keep trying and the charges through the hotel added up to be a huge fee.But once again I would still stay at this hotel because of the great location, the nice rooms, and the wonderful selection at breakfast buffet, as well as the helpful front desk staff.	
Aug 31 2004	GREAT HOTEL!	I was very satisfied with the hotel. The location is excellent and the staff was very helpful. I would definitely recommend staying at the Ruebens and I would definitely go back.	
Aug 26 2004	Great visit for our honeymoon!	We stayed here the August 16 and 17 during our honeymoon while we were in London. We arived at Victoria Station via the Gatwick Express and only had to walk 3 minutes straight down the street to get to the hotel. We got there around 7am, and the women at reception were very welcoming and friendly and had no problem letting us check in so early. The room was air conditioned, had a hair dryer, iron, trouser press, bath/shower, television with movies($)/internet($)/radio, electric tea kettle and tea set, small table with two chairs. I had booked the hotel over email from their website and was given a great rate plus a complementary upgrade to a king room since we were celebrating our honeymoon. The room was nice--fairly small by US standards but was very clean and wonderful. Shortly after settling into our room, the hotel had sent up a card of congratulations and complementary plate of fresh strawberries. Chocolates were put on the pillows each night. The full English breakfast was included in the price of our room. It was great. There was a huge selection of waffles, meats, fruits, cereals, yogurts, eggs, hashbrowns, juices, etc. The location of the hotel was excellent too--close to Victoria Station, across the street from Buckingham Palace, within walking distance to most major sites. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a wonderful place to stay at a pretty good price for London.	
Aug 23 2004	Absolutely Fabulous	We stayed at Rubens at the Palace last Christmas (2003). Loved it so much that we are returning next April. The staff is wonderful, the rooms exceptional, the location perfect. Can't say enough nice things about it!	
Aug 21 2004	Excellent all the way	We stay at Rubens in July 2004. I am a travel agent (under cover!) and found this hotel to have it all... great location, attentive staff, good meals, reasonable price. I highly recommend it.	
Aug 19 2004	Great Small Hotel at a Fabulous Location	We spent three nights two weeks apart and were extremely pleased with the rooms and the staff.Everyone was extremely nice and willing to make any changes we needed. The first room we were taken to was obviously a smoking and they made the switch to a non-smoker immediately and even upgraded us at no charge.We plan to return to the Rubens the next trip.	
Jul 29 2004	Great location	Just back from a 2 night stay at Rubens at the Palace. The hotel is attractive with a very English feel. It is in an excellent location approximately 2 blocks from Victoria Station where the train and Underground Tube system is located. You can get anywhere in London in minutes. Buckingham Palace is 5 minute walk, Big Bus Tour (highly recomended) stops less than a block from hotel door. We had a triple room (King bed plus pull out sofa bed for 16 year old son) which was small by U.S. standards but comfortable and nicely decorated--no view. The bath was in green marble--very attractive, with tub and shower. Air conditioning was good. Breakfast was excellent (cooked to order eggs, pastries, sausage, ham, fruits, cereal, etc.) but quite expensive (15 GBP) so look for room rate with breakfast included. Best rate I found was on LondonTown. Room was expensive but everthing is in London. Front desk personnel pleasant--had requested early check-in but room was not available until 2:00 PM. Did receive a non-smoking room as requested. Did not eat in Rubens restaurants except for breakfast. Unable to find any restaurant or pub near-by that had non-smoking facilities--our biggest complaint with London. All of our meals (all very expensive) were ruined by the heavy smoking. We were generally the only people in the restaurants not smoking. BBar restaurant next door had nice atmosphere and decor but the heavy smoke ruined the experience.Would stay at the Rubens again--but would hesitate to return to London simply because of the bad excperience with the smoke in all of the restaurants.	
Jun 26 2004	Great Stay with Mom	I purchased a suite package from LuxuryLink and was very pleased with the Rubens. Mom and I went to London for her 70th birthday. The Rubens package included a suite, breakfast, evening canapes, one night dinner, flowers, champagne in the room, daily afternoon tea, and a hop off hop on bus tour. It was a great deal at about $1000 US for four nights. The suite was large with a king sized bed and a sofa bed. The bathroom was large with great bath products. The location was excellent -- across the street from the Royal Mews, down the street from Buchingham Palace, within four blocks of Victoria Station. The room had great sound proof windows and a pleasant staff. Having been to London a number of times, this was my favorite hotel for location and value if you can get a similar price/package. I will return. 	
Jun 24 2004	Rubens at the Palace is the Best	Our family of five just spent a week at the Rubens. We have nothing but praise for the accommodations and excellent service we received while staying there. When we arrived one of our rooms was not quite ready. Although we waited only minutes, we were treated to free drinks in the Library to make up for the inconvenience. The entire staff made us feel very welcome all week. The concierge and other desk staff was very helpful in recommending places to eat, in helping us plan our itinerary, and in directing us to points of interest. The rooms were exceptionally quiet. We were not disturbed by street noise or sounds from other guest rooms. The Continental breakfast was very good. Great location, right across from the Royal Mews of Buckingham Palace. We would recommend The Rubens to anyone.	
Jun 4 2004	Great after initial snafu	We stayed there in Spring '03 for about a week, having booked a great-looking rate on the hotel's own internet site. When we arrived, we were a bit taken aback that the front desk had no record of our reservation -- luckily I had kept the printout from our internet booking (it was not prepaid), and was able to show it. So they let us in, thank goodness (no apologies were made). From then on, everything was roses -- well-appointed room, good noise-proofing from the busy street below, view of one end of Buckingham Palace complex, friendly staff, great breakfasts (included). Rooms have A/C, too, and there's a nice casual bar downstairs. For my tastes, this is too touristy and busy of an area of London to really love -- we were much happier staying in Bloomsbury -- but it is convenient to a lot of sights. Would definitely stay at the Rubens again if the price was right (but confirm reservation first).	
Jun 4 2004	A Wonderful British Hotel	The Rubens is a wonderful, very British hotel with a friendly, helpful staff. My wife and I stayed there for four nights in late May 2004 and couldn't have been more pleased. Our room, a &quot;superior king,&quot; which cost us approximately $280 a night (152 pounds, including tax), was quiet and comfortable, though by American standards it was not spacious. Sure, there were little quirks, such as the need to use a bedroom plug to operate the in-room hair drier, but such things only added to the charm of the place. It was tastefully decorated, had a nice bathroom and robes were furnished. In-room coffee complete with a large, efficient pot, was included as was bottled mineral water that was replenished each day.The concierge, David, was especially helpful and cheerfully dispensed an array of helpful information. He also arranged our tour of the Tower of London and gave useful advice to make the tour more enjoyable. Once, when we mistakenly thought we had a problem with our phone (turned out to be the bathroom phone was off the hook), the front desk promptly dispatched a maintenance worker to our room.The staff, from reception to bellman to barkeep, was unfailingly polite and friendly. The bar, by the way, is terrific. It is decorated in a British military theme and features a live pianist/vocalist each night. We didn't try either of the two restaurants there, but the menus looked quite appealing.The Rubens has a great location. It is an easy walk to the front of Buckingham Palace to watch the famous changing of the guards ceremony. The more ambitious can walk through Saint James Park to Westminster Abbey without needing to send for a rescue team. You can also walk quite easily to Trafalgar Square and Hyde Park. (We are in our late 50s, so trust me, most of you can do it, too.)A &quot;Big Bus&quot; tour bus stops near the hotel and provides a good first day opportunity to get familiar with the famous spots of London. The cost is about 17 pounds per person and covers 24 hours of on-and-off access to the big, open-top buses. We suggest choosing one that has a live guide as opposed to audio headsets.The Rubens location is not a hotbed of great restaurants, but there are choices nearby. An upscale pizza place called Ask is a good spot for a light Day One meal upon arrival. There is a real British pub called Bag Of Nails directly across the street it you want to experience the truly British pleasures of room temperature ale and fish and chips (once is probably enough). The best of our nearby restaurant finds was a fantastic little Italian restaurant called L'Arco, which has been run by the Botto family for 34 years. It has a good wine list, a great atmosphere and excellent, down-home Italian food. If you don't want to spring for the hotel breakfast, there are numerous little cafes nearby where coffee and pastry can be had for a much lower cost.We really have nothing unfavorable to say about the Rubens. It was simply a wonderul place to stay and gave us a great feel for London. We would return to the Rubens in a heartbeat.	
Jun 1 2004	Enjoyed our Four Day Stay	We stayed at the Rubens based on the excellent reviews given and its central location. The hotel was wonderful and we highly recommend it. Our flight arrived and departed from Gatwick so we used the Gatwick Express train to Victoria Station. The hotel is an easy 5 minute walk from the station. It is close to the tube and bus stops, tour buses, and Buckingham Palace. The staff at the hotel was friendly and useful. The hotel arranged for tickets for a sold out performance at the Globe theater from a ticket broker and made reservations at a restaurant for us. They did all this by email and telephone calls before starting the trip. We requested a quiet nonsmoking room and the hotel had one ready for us three hours after our arrival. They were fully booked the night before and we arrived at 11:00am. The room was small but adequate space. The double bed was very comfortable. There was hardly any noise throughout our stay. The bathroom was large by European standards. There was plenty of hot water. The only problem was that I could not get the electric plug for the 115v to work. The hotel loaned me a converter to use in the bedroom. The breakfast was hearty. It included eggs, meats, and the normal continental foods. 	
May 29 2004	Reall Disappointing	After all the good stuff I read about the Rubens, I booked a room for my husband and myself for a week. The minute we got there we were told that they had no non-smoking rooms left, but they were happy to upgrade us to another room, which was 20 BPS more expensive, but included VAT so really it came out to about the same. The woman at the desk showed us the 2 different rooms, and of course the more expensive one was better so we chose it. The Consierge desk, especially Dave, was excellent and attentive and you couldnt ask for nicer, warmer and funnier people. Aside from the fact that the room had only a small closet and no chest-of-drawers in which to put our clothing and that the old electric kettle was broken (I sustained a bad 2nd degree burn unplugging it to get it to shut off) the entire stay really fell apart the last day. We got the bill and were pretty angry to see that the VAT charge had not been excluded, and that we were basically upsold into a more expensive room. When we protested, the hotel manager merely smirked at us, implying that we werent being truthful, but in the end took off the 20 pound difference. We also noted an additional (3 pounds, not much but by then we were really peeved) charge for breakfast, the smirking condescending manager asked numerous times if we had a cappaccino and simply forgot. I would probably normally just paid it (I am notoriously conflict-adverse), I couldnt stand the smirking anymore and the underlying implication that we were just cheap Yanks trying to get over. In addition, Miss Manager also implied several times that I must have done something really dumb in order to have gotten burned from their creepy old kettle. They apparently were doing some sort of forensic testing to it and had &quot;yet to determine where the fault lay&quot;. I wasnt imply fault on their part and said little about the event during my stay, only asking that they provided a different kettle and suggesting that they throw it in the garbage, as it was broken. The Consierge Desk, however, was as concerned about my burn when they learned of it as if I was their own daughter or sister. They daily inquired as to my pain level and how I was healing.Other than the really creepy feeling we got from Her Royal Smirkyness, (who, for the record, was NOT English - - so no reflection on the wonderful people of England), the hotel is well situated, well within walking distance to all attractions. I cant wait to go back to London, but next time I will take my cheap, burned Yankee dollar and go elsewhere.	
May 24 2004	Stop looking Rubens is near perfect.	In my opinion, if you are reading about Rubens and then do not book it, you have made your first maistake. This was a great place to stay. the staff was very helpful and always ready to serve. This is a great location yet relatively quiet location. This was across from the Rotal Mews and a few blocks from Victoria Station and most key bus stops. Our room was a little narrow with a double bed, but our daughter had a king bed (upgrade) and she had a large room on a side street. She had no issues with street noise. We had a early check in a smoking room and there was no smell of smoke. Great room and great hotel. We were very nervous about choosing a hotel, but this is the answer. If you can get a good rate this adds to the perfect trip. Good Luck. 	
Apr 26 2004	Good Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Rubens in April 2004 and found it to good hotel. The bed was good, the bathroom was good and they had nice robes. The front desk and bell staff was very helpful and made the jet lag a little easier. My only real complaint with the hotel was that the rooms were smaller then I expected, I just thought for the money they would be bigger. The location is very convenient to the train station and that always helps.	
Apr 25 2004	A Great Package--but stay away from the "Original" Bus Tour	We stayed at the Rubens for four nights in early March. (London was very cold--even a bit of snow!) We bought a package from Luxury Link which turned out to be a very good deal. We had a junior suite overlooking the Royal Mews and our package included breakfast, full tea each afternoon, one dinner at the Library Restaurant, a bottle of champagne and flowers upon arrival, a small plate of excellent canapes delivered to our room each evening, and a day-long pass to the &quot;Original&quot; Bus Tour. Except for the bus tour, which was undoubtedly the worst tourist experience I have ever had, it was fantastic. The concierge was helpful and the doorman was a charmer. The room was spotless with more amenities than one could possibly need. The exchange rate for Dollars to Pounds is, by far, the worst it has been in years. The location of this hotel, plus the fact that our package was priced in Dollars and included a tremendous number of &quot;add ons,&quot; made our London stay both remarkably affordable and remarkably luxurious.By the way, if you want to save a bit of money and experience something truly brilliant, attend Evensong at both Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's. They are both free, the music is superb, and, obviously, the settings can't be beat. Also, remember that most of London's top museums are free.	
Apr 19 2004	Another happy Rubens customer!	We had a wonderful stay at the Rubens the first week of March. Booked through the internet (Londontown.com) &amp; got a great rate of 85 GBP. The location is fantastic - not only close to the palace but so close to Victoria Station, you can get virtually anywhere in London in 15 minutes. Yes, the rooms are small to American standards but cozy and the bathroom is great. The service was great. We arrived at the hotel at 8:00 so were expecting to drop our bags &amp; come back at check in but since I had noted our early arrival on our reservation, our room was ready. Our TV didn't work on arrival but it was fixed immediately. The doorman always has a smile and offer for assistance. The breakfast buffet has plenty of food, although the selection remained the same through our stay so we got a tiny bit bored with it. We usually opted for continental fare - beans and fried tomatoes just seem too weird for breakfast!The lounge is a lively, comfy little area in the evenings to have a nice glass of wine (a bit pricey). And the hotel's downstairs restaurant (the Library) was FANTASTIC - also a bit pricey but probably the best meal we ate in London. We didn't eat there until our last night and wished we'd found it sooner.We also found a GREAT little pub. Just head toward the palace gates &amp; take your first right (Palace Street ?). Walk three blocks to find the Cask &amp; Glass on the left. Tiny, tiny little place with hugely interesting crowd.Thanks everyone at the Rubens for our great vacation!	
Apr 14 2004	Perfect!	Wonderful stay at Rubens at the Palace - April 2-6, 2004. Great price from AA Vacations-- 99 GBP per night inclusive -- continental breakfast and VAT. Hotel's website also has great packages. Keep checking! The breakfast was great as was the entire staff. Location was perfect. EBar next door had excellent food. Rooms were very nice--a little cozy but very quiet. Beds were so comfortable! Bathrooms were large and super clean. Make sure you do the Big Bus Company Hop on Hop off Tour---great for a family of five. Don't forget the Walking Tour of the Changing of the Guard that comes free with the bus tour. Highlight of our trip! Allan the tour guide is fantastic!	
Mar 30 2004	Rubens exceeds expectations	The Rubens was great. The price and location are excellent. The service was top notch. I would definately stay again and will recommend it to friends travelling to London. It is even better than the photos indicate.	
Mar 18 2004	The Ruben's is Wonderful!!!	The Ruben's @ The Palace was such a Great stay for us on a last minute Holiday Trip from 12-31-03 thru 1-5-2004 traveling to Europe not knowing the Hotel can sometimes be scary but we where so Happy the Location is perfect right accross literally from the Royal Mews &amp; being a 1st time London visitor i was like alil kid. We saw everything the changing of Guard etc... all on the 1st morning we got in. The Hotel was so helpful for all our sight seeing/dining needs &amp; especially on New Years Eve where they made a reservation right up the street walking distance. The Hotel itself is wonderful &amp; our stay included the buffet breakfest &amp; they offered so much food we couldn't believe it all within our package. Our room was very homey &amp; down pillows of course alil small but all Europe, NY etc..rooms are but not to us, the Bathroom big &amp; nice Tub. We will defintly go back for another stay &amp; even wrote to Thank the Hotel and got a wonderful response. I've recommended The Ruben's to all my Friends/Family!!	
Feb 25 2004	Pretty Good But Not Great	I stayed at the Rubens with my mother over the Christmas holiday, December 22-29. We were disappointed with our room which had a toliet with very poor water pressure and trash and maid's linens on the floor, but were moved to a larger room at the compliments of the manager. Nevertheless, that room also had trash on the floor so we were kindly upgraded again to the St. James Suite. All in all, the room was quite nice as was the manager, Megan, who seemed apologetic about the conditions of the first two rooms. (The staff had apparently been in a festive mood and attended a holiday party earlier in the day, throwing it behind in its work schedule.) The hotel is in a great location, especially if one is booking tours with Evan Evans. The charter picks up at the hotel and drops off right around the corner at the end of tours. Taxi fares to and from this hotel are also modest. We liked the cafe across the street located on the ground level of the Thistle Westminster. It was a bit on the expensive side, but the casual food was very good and the staff was very nice and friendly. Another perk about the Rubens is that it's a quick two minute walk from the palace for those who want to take in the changing of the guard.	
Jan 20 2004	Great Location	The Rubens was a very nice hotel in a great location. Staying on Buckingham Palace road overlooking the Royal Mews gave us a great opportunity to explore London. This hotel is very close to Victoria Station from where you can go almost anywhere. The staff at the motel were very helpful and the rooms although typically small were well appointed and comfortable. The buffet breakfast was also quite good. We required accommodation for three which meant a fold away bed. This took up a fair bit of room but overall the atmosphere made up for the slightly crowded conditions. I would recommend the hotel to anyone seeking good central London accommodation	
Jan 13 2004	Did not disappoint	I always research hotels carefully before booking on overseas trips, but even so I am often very disappointed. Not this time. The Rubens exceeded all expectations. For 99 pounds a night, we had a small but lovely room, immaculate and well equipped, with a very good bathroom (and outstanding shower!). Plus we could hear the Queen's horses clop clopping in and out of the gorgeous stable courtyards, which we overlooked. The included buffet breakfast is incredible. Rates are only slightly higher for a King bedded room.The public rooms are elegant, Calvary Bar a great place to relax, and The Library served four of us a top-notch meal in beautiful surroundings. From the minute we arrived until the minute we left, all of the staff were extremely warm, helpful and accomodating. Well situated in central London, the hotel is only a few minutes walk from Victoria Station, and all busses and Underground. We will certainly return there anytime we are in London.	
Jan 11 2004	Couldn't Believe It!!	We purchased a package through lastminute that included an aromatherapy kit, sightseeing tour tickets, london eye tickets, cocktails and complimentary breakfast. It was well worth the 150 pounds and far exceeded our expectations. We were upgraded to a royalty suite (Henry VIII) and needless to say, there was a plasma tv in the bathroom....wow!!	
Jan 4 2004	High to Low	I stayed at the Rubens Dec 24-27, 2003 - very small but comfortable room and well stocked bathroom. Excellent tea/coffee facitities. Good standard of housekeeping. Two severe disappointments and irritants (1) on night of 27 Dec a very noisy disco made sleep or even relaxation impossible and a false alarm was set off by someone - no intervention by staff; (2) I intended to use travellers cheques to settle my account but they were rejected at the front desk on the grounds that there appeared to be a discrepancy between my two signatures.	
Dec 27 2003	Nice hotel but not quite up to expectations	As frequent traveler to London, we enjoy staying in different areas and hotels each time we visit. The Rubens is a nice property with wonderfullly decorated public areas. I chose this hotel based on passed Trip Advisor reviews. We stayed at the hotel from 12/19/03 thru 12/25/03. We reserved a a standard twin room which was nicely furnished with a view overlooking the Buckingham Palace Mews. The standard rooms are quite small with only one small chair and table in addition to a desk and a small chest of drawers. There is a small closet with an electronic safe. The housekeeping service was spotty with tissues and complimentary teas not replenished unless requested. The nightly turn down service promised on a placard in the room never happened. Our free daily newspaper only showed up 3 of the 6 nights we stayed. The hotel was fully booked during our stay and the bar and restaurants were quite busy. The dining room staff was very attentive and the full english breakfast buffet included in our rate was plentiful and very good. We had dinner in the dining room on Christmas Eve which was somewhat of a disapointment for the 25pound per person charge. The conceriege staff was helpful but gave us misinformation on Christmas day transporation to the airport which I thought they should have been well versed on as little information was posted aound the tub and bus lines. If I stay here again in the future I would definately pay the additional cost of a larger deluxe room which would have been more comfortable.	
Dec 18 2003	Nice but a little disorganized...	We stayed 3 nights at the Rubens in late October. The room was nice with a King sized bed, overlooking the Royal Mews, and there was a small but nice and clean tiled bath with heated towel bar. We booked on the Rubens website and got a reasonable rate, however, on checkout the bill was entirely wrong. They fixed it to match the quoted rate from our reservation, but then there were additional unexplained extra charges to my credit card the next month. There was also much confusion over package items that were included in the rate, requiring several visits to the front desk and clarifying phone calls. The afternoon tea was fabulous and worth it. Breakfast and dinner (both buffet) were pretty good but not spectacular. Overall an above average room (for London) at a reasonable cost, very friendly and accommodating staff. I would stay here again.	
Dec 10 2003	Fabulous hotel and location	What a wonderful find!!! This was a great hotel right by Buckingham Palace. The staff is very helpful providing incredible service. I highly recommend staying here when visiting London. Check Expedia for low rates.	
Dec 10 2003	Excellent hotel for business/pleasure	I stay here whenever I can when in London for business as it is so convenient for Victoria Station and hence the Gatwick Express (1 minutes walk). The rooms are small but have everything you could need and the hotel staff are very professional and friendly. The concierge service is great and nothing too much trouble. Being opposite Buckingham Palace is also wonderful and all in all it is where I woulsd stay every time. I also always book via www.laterooms.com and get great rates.	
Dec 2 2003	Next Door to the Queen!!!!	The Rubens is across the street from the side entrance of Buckingham Palace so it was great to see up close the Queen and all attendants passing thru the gate enroute to Parliment in the royal coaches. Rubens staff is very attentive and the resturants good (both food and wait staff) and the Christmas decorations were beautiful. Two big downers; rooms are tiny (not small--tiny!!!) with almost no storage or closet space and the conc. desk people had little knowledge of resturants and did not know locations of some key sightseeing areas.	
Nov 19 2003	What a Delight!	After searching for weeks for a hotel in london that would live up to the cost, I was more than a little worried. Every tour book and guide said that rooms would be much smaller and 5 star hotels would not be the same as a 5 star in NYC. That being said I have no complaints for the Rubens yes the room &amp; bathroom were smaller than a 5 star room here iin NYC but every detail was looked after the staff was wonderful. I had been expecting the worst and got the best! The location is great - i got to watch the horse and carriage for Buckingham place changing of the guards go in an out of the stables. Dave (consierge) answered and helped our every question and Nathan was a delight.	
Oct 15 2003	Just around the corner from Victoria Station - We loved the Rubens	We just spent three nights at the Rubens in the Henry VIII suite in the Royal Wing - and would definitely stay at the Rubens again on our next visit. The bathroom was spacious with marble tile, a tv, a walk in shower and a separate tub. There were even heated floors and a heated towel bar!!! Nice touch. The room overall was a little small - but there were two closets - so if you organize your things - there's plenty of room. The bed was very comfy - 4 sleeping pillows and nice linens! The only thing that freaked me out a little was the picture of Henry VIII and his 6 dead wives looking over us in the bed. Service was superb! Location was a 5 minute walk to Victoria station. Can't ask for more at 150 pounds a night.	
Sep 24 2003	Elegant hotel and service	The Ruben Hotel was delightful. The staff could not have been more accommodating and pleasant. Their dining room and the service there was outstanding. A great experience in a great location. I would recommend it without reservation.	
Sep 22 2003	great location for a good hotel	My wife and I had a very pleasant stay in June. The staff at the Rubens were very courteous and cordial. The room that we had for six nights was small but clean, and the bathroom was always cleaned up without any cutting of corners. The location was great for visits to Buckingham and the Guards museum and for strolls in St. James Park. Since it was out of the way from Soho we did not have to worry about late night noise. The breakfasts were good but not great.	
Sep 4 2003	We felt like royalty!		
Aug 26 2003	Wonderful Stay at The Rubens!! Highly recommend		
Aug 24 2003	Perfect little Gem in London		
Aug 13 2003	Just love the Rubens and staff		
Jul 21 2003	Wonderful Rubens		
Jul 2 2003	Superb hotel!		
Jun 25 2003	Great		
Jun 8 2003	Well worth the stay!!!		
Oct 4 2002	stand up for yourself		
Aug 8 2002	A+		
Oct 27 2009 	a must!		
Jun 30 2009 	Séjour très agréable		
Jun 3 2009 	ottima struttura		
May 7 2009 	Grande confort lusso sobrio servizio impeccabile		
Apr 17 2009 	camere piccole bagni datati e poco funzionali.		
Apr 14 2009 	Hotel muy British  precio razonable bien situado y servicio muy atento		
Feb 27 2009 	Me gustó mucho la situacion y la atencion del personal no las habitaciones		
Jan 31 2009 	Wunderschönes Ambiente perfekter Service!		
Jan 29 2009 	Pas terrible pour un 4 étoiles		
Jan 29 2009 	hotel eccellente e in buona posizione		
Aug 13 2007 	Hotel old fashion		
