Nov 24 2009 	Great little London Hotel	The Alhambra Hotel is a five minute walk from King's Cross station so a fantastic position. It's run by a family and they cook a great breakfast for their guests and serve it in the pleasant breakfast room.They have another hotel across the road, but all guests have breakfast in the Alhambra.Sorry, there's no lift. However, the small rooms are very pleasant - I took the single budget option but had a big screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, fridge, nice decor (very clean too), also there was a shower and sink in my room; the toilet (for my use only, and the way it was situated no-one else would use it) was the door by mine in the hall. The bed was not the greatest, but I am very fussy about a good bed and it was their cheapest option.The hotel boasted a huge array of tourist info and the family (who have been there many years) were very helpful to their guests and happy to spend time explaining.	
Nov 20 2009 	Horrible experience	I am a travel consultant that details that sends people all over Europe. This property was highly recommened through not only trip advisor but through the visit britain center. They are HORRIBLE to deal with. They only take VI or MC and will charge you 3% on top of that, they will not except a direct bank transfers - and when you make a reservation with them it is not guranteed it will be there. I made a booking for a customer who is arriving on Monday and now they tell me they don't have the reservation and no space left available. Now I have a customer arriving with no hotel. As a US based rep for many companies throughout Europe - I would never recommened this property to ANY of my guests every again.	
Nov 20 2009 	would surely book again	I came to london for sight seeing and shopping... very good hotel - cleaned every day, hot water is always available, very nice staff, good english breakfast. it is very central, just a street away from kings cross station. room is small but it served its purpose as we only went to our rooms to wash and to sleep. WOULD STONGLY RECOMMEND IT.	
Nov 19 2009 	Served a purpose very well	60 B+B is a fair price for what you get at the Alhambra. I stayed in a small single room with sink and shower in the annexe across the way. The room was rather basic and very small, even for a single. I had to use the toilet down one flight of stairs which was the tinest one I have ever been in - I hard to lean at an angle to wee!The hotel was very clean and staff seemed nice.Breakfast was good and plenty of it too.Wifi worked perfectly. Hotel really is that close to Kings Cross / St Pancras and no more than 10 minutes from Euston too.My room faced the front and even with closed double glazed windows - it was still really noisy.... luckily I had brought my ear plugs	
Nov 10 2009 	Great stay friendly staff!	Good value for money hotel, clean and quiet, delicious full English breakfast. I was 6 months pregnant and they gave us a room on the ground floor which was very convenient. What we appreciate about the hotel was the tv in room, free wifi and free storage of luggage after check-out.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent value for your money	Stayed there for 3 nights.A block away from the tube and 2 away from the International train station.. great location! The room was a little bit small. The breakfast and service were great. Free Wi Fi.. which was difficult to find in other hotels in London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Small but clean close to everything	Stayed here for 3 nights from October 20th to 23rd 2009 to start off our honeymoon. Arrived at Heathrow, took the Piccadilly line and got off at King's Cross. Asked a few people to point us in the right direction and found the hotel. Had booked via email a double ensuite, and that's what we got. We were in the annex across the street, building 20 I think. Bad point was dragging our suitcases up to the top floor after flying through the night, as we were pretty bagged already. Napped for a bit and went out that night anyway- there is a travel place at the end of the street in the Camden Town Hall I think and the guy who works there presold us tickets for things like the London eye and Tower of London, Tower Bridge experience so we could bypass the line ups. We also did the big bus tour hop on hop off. Don't miss the British museum (free) and if you hop off at Trafalgar square you can go in the national gallery for free also (some Picasso, Van Gogh, Degas, Cezanne). The hotel room was quite small, but it's London, so what do you expect? The desk, wardrobe thing looked like a more modern touch, shower is quite small, as is the sink, and you have to be careful maneuvring in the tiny bathroom, but it is nice to have the ensuite. Things seemed clean enough. Breakfast was good, had their english breakfast the 3 mornings we were there and it got us started for the day. Pretty much the room looked just like the pictures so I didn't feel surprised at all. The location really allows you to explore London- we packed a lot into our 3 days there- and I definitely would like to go back again someday! The ticket booth at Leicester square was also handy in securing tickets to see We will rock U- but they have tickets for pretty much every show in town. Great way to end your trip to London! I had booked this hotel on the recommendation of a friend who stayed previously and would definitely recommend it to anyone planning a trip to London.	
Nov 3 2009	Central Clean Budget Friendly Staff	This was my 2nd trip to London, I actually got surprised with the quality level of this hotel, the hotel is located in Argyle street near King뭩 Cross area, 2 min walk from central underground station to everywhere, the area is quiet, hotel staff is very cool, they are helpful and response quickly to any request. English breakfast is nice and the breakfast area is very clean and organized.The rooms are big compared to any other B&amp;B, well decorated and cleaned every day. Room service also cleans En suite bathroom daily. Prices are very good.My next stay in London is definitely in this hotel.I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to clean, friendly and budget B&amp;B, but book early, it is always fully booked.	
Oct 31 2009 	Good hotel if you just need a place to sleep between sightseeing	This hotel was reasonably priced and the included breakfast was very good. The biggest plus of this hotel was its location - about a 3 minute walk from King's Cross - St. Pancras station. Because this is such a major transportation hub, you can get to pretty much anywhere in London with a minimum of changing trains. Our room was extremely small - like closet small. Also, it was cold, so bring warm jammies if you stay here. If you are planning to spend no more time in the room than it takes to sleep, shower, and get dressed, than this is a good value hotel. If you want to be able to have some relaxing downtime in the hotel room, you might find this more cramped than you want.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value for London	This is a good value hotel. It is more of a B&amp;B than a hotel. There are very friendly, helpful folks at the check-in desk. They got us reasonably-priced taxis whenever we needed them and were very helpful. When you check in, they give you two keys, one for the front door and one for the room. The corridors are tiny, with lots of seemingly unnecessary fire doors. The room was small but serviceable, with a very comfortable bed, enough room for storage, and a shower with a full door so you didn't make a mess when you showered.When we checked in we were worried because the room was on the first floor, with a window opening up to the street. There is a lot of foot traffic near the hotel, since it is so close to St. Pancras Train Station and King's Cross tube stop. Lots of people walking by, talking in groups, wheeling suitcases. We asked for an alternative room, but the alternative was across the street, up four flights of narrow stairs, and tiny. So we stayed with the first choice. The street traffic wasn't too awful.It was chilly in October, and the room had a radiator, which never appeared to be on. Nonetheless, the building was quite warm and we had to keep the window open constantly. That's why the street noise worried us. Plus, the relative lack of privacy. In order to open the window, we had to pull aside the drape, which left only a thin sheer white curtain.The hotel only provides one small white towel per guest. Each day we asked for an extra, but then the maid would remove it and we'd be left with only one apiece again.Each morning was a full breakfast, in the basement. It was quite crowded and there was usually a queue. The choices were decent, it was included in the price (80-85 GBP). The breakfast room was also over-heated, due partially to the quantity of people.The location was excellent, although some people warned us that the area was dangerous. Within a minute we were down the tube, which is what we like best about traveling around London (accessibility to the tube). We never had any problems regarding our personal safety.	
Oct 10 2009 	Exactly what I expected to find - clean small room friendly staff good food	I traveled to London with my girlfriend and we found this hotel through Trip Advisor. Based on the reviews and descriptions, we found exactly what we expected. The hotel was right in our budget, the room was clean, the food was good, and the staff was friendly. The location was good as well, not a very long walk to Trafalgar Square, easy access to St. Pancreas and Kings Cross, and some very cool restaurants along the main street. If this is your budget, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	A bit rough but decent budget pension	The hotel is a short walk to a train station and subway. The accomodations naturally were a bit tight, especially the toilet and shower which were each separate in little closet sized spaces, and shared. Definitely in the budget category. Bed was flimsy, sheets were worn thin but clean. Sink and mirror in room. Just enough room to walk in and lay down. But the stay includes a decent breakfast (eggs, sausage, toast, juice, tea). Price was reasonable. Host staff was nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Read this if you want a review on the Basic rooms (shared facilities)	This is my 2nd time staying at Alhambra. First time was with a partner in a room with private shower + WC. This time round I stayed at the Basic room with shared facilities (shower + WC).I'm not gonna talk about the location as every reviewer here can tell you how centrally located this hotel is. Instead, I'm gonna share my experiendce staying in one of their basic rooms.First things first, it's a long long climb up as the basic rooms are in the 3rd floor. There is no lifts in the hotel. So, if you have heavy luggage (like I did), be prepared for a &quot;good exercise&quot;. The rooms are relatively good and clean. The shared facilities are cleaned every day, so no issues with that too.Wifi access in the room is intermittent at best. I had access on the first two days but not the rest. So, if you really have to access the internet, bring your notebook down to the lobby area or do it when you're having breakfast at the dining area. Both areas have excellent wifi coverage.So, again all in all, a not-too-bad hotel in a very good location. Just a few things you have to take note which may or may not concern you. Other than that, the stay was pretty pleasant.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location	Hotel is situated on great location just close to railway station, and Kings Cross tube station from where you can go whereever you wish. Very frendly staff in hotel and great service. Rooms could be bigger, but you can't have everything, thay are clean. Also, noise isolation between floors could be better. You also have free WLAN.	
Oct 5 2009 	What a find!	Read reviews 'til our eyes blurred, and then there it was --Alhambra --with spotless, comfortable rooms, warm and friendly staff, classic full English breakfast, and located within view of 2 major train stations, buses and the underground and not far from a 3rd station, all making for easy access into or out of London. On or near Euston St. are shops, churches, neighborhood pubs and the British Library. A family establishment, the Alhambra staff finds answers to questions and enjoys offering suggestions and sharing ideas, all making for a more-pleasant visit. We do hope to return some time soon, and will certainly know where to stay.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great!!!	Stayed a couple of days in September, then again earlier this month. Wonderful experience both times. Located on a quiet one way street a block from the tube and two train stations. Major bus stops by the stations all combine for one of the best travel connection locations in the city. Felt the value was good at 80GBP for a double En Suite. The Comfort Inn a half a block away charges 120GBP, a B&amp;B across the street from the Comfort Inn has a sign saying their rooms are from 39GBP, but I suspect that is a cramped closet of a room. Nice family runs the operation. The British husband is working at 6:AM, taking the trash to the curb and starting the breakfast. The French wife must be the looks of the team and runs the front desk. Both very friendly and helpful. Every person that works for them was very pleasant. The first morning of our stay, I left some clothes laying around as we were in a hurry to see the sights of London. On our return, I was amazed to find that they had been folded and neatly stacked. They provide in room coffee and tea, as well as a top notch English breakfast which the husband cooks in their dining hall. They also provide a secure area to store you luggage before and after check out times if you get in at 9:AM like we did.We stayed in rooms #15 and #5. As others have said, #15 is great, in the back with a private courtyard. #5 faces the street on the ground floor but is still very quiet. #5 has the smallest sink I have ever seen outside of an airliner, but still big enough. The rooms are a little small, but still plenty large. Beds in both the rooms we stayed at were very comfortable. There is still some work going on as they upgrade their rooms, but nothing that bothered guest unless they are there in the middle of the day.Cannot say enough good things about the location. If you want the hustle and bustle of Soho, it is only 15 minutes away on the tube. Around the hotel you will find nice pubs that cater to the locals. Just a couple of blocks away we found a pub serving pints of Carlings for 1.99GBP. Food at the local eateries were some of the best we had while in London (which is really not saying all that much). The best meal we had in London was at Alhambra's breakfast.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent value for London perfect for Eurostar Terminal	I agree with almost all the other reviews. Stayed for 1 night before Eurostar departure. Found room quite small, but expected that from these reviews. However, very clean &amp; compact. Tea/coffee in room, &amp; ensuite. Amazing how you much you can get in a room if planned well. For 80 double room I thought very good value for money. Breakfast included in rate, but due to very early dept unable to have any. No discount given which I normally may expect but as rate so reasonable you can't really argue .Also the staff said we could help ourself to toast etc, but we had little time.Having stayed at some other hotels, this was by far cleanest &amp; most comfortable. We had 3rd floor room and I don't think there were lifts. Fine for us, but suggest lower floor request for some people.This was ideal place for what we wanted. Nice, clean room, less than 5mins to the St Pancras Eurostar Terminal. Great.	
Oct 3 2009 	Very good choice if you want to stay near King Cross station area	Great location, only 1~2 mins walk to King Cross train station. Service was very good. When I arrive at 7 am, I left my luggage and then went Cambridge. When I came back in the afternoon, they've moved my luggage into my room already. Althouth my ensuit- double-room was not very big, but it's clean, comfortable and quiet. Breakfast was also very good. I'll recommend this hotel. If I need to stay at King Cross train station area again, I'll choice Alhambra Hotel as my first choice.	
Oct 2 2009 	Brilliant location	The Alhambra Hotel is an excellent one if you want to see london or are moving on to airports or by train as it is litterally two minutes from K,cross &amp; you can see ST Pancras from the hotel, friendly staff clean and modern facilities,good cooked breakfast to start the day nothing was to much trouble for the staff, will use this hotel every time we have to go to london, cost for a double was 80 night inc b,fast.	
Sep 23 2009 	ideal location at a fair price	We also stayed in room #4 in the annexe, which we found absolutely fine though a little small, so wouldn't want to spend more than a couple of nights (also has step up to shower/loo which was strange). We had been accomodated in a ground floor quiet room as I have limited mobility, this was no trouble to organise for the very helpful staff. There was some renovation work going on to the annexe, but it was not overly intrusive.The breakfast service was efficient and quick. We did have to share a table with another couple, but we didnt mind. Very yummy breakfast and they were able to organise a veggie version for my husband with no fuss.We were travelling from St Pancras International the following morning, and the hotel could not have been closer or more convenient for the station. We are hoping to go on the Eurostar to brussels and bruges for our next holiday, and would have no hesitation in using this hotel again, and recommending it on.	
Sep 20 2009 	An Amazing Place - They Made Us Feel Special - Recommend 125%	We spent a week at the Alhambra in early Sept 2009 for our 1 year wedding anniversary.We stayed in room #4. The staff at the Alhambra were way beyond our expectations. Everyone made us feel special, from Breakfast in the Morning, to our rooms being tended to by the maids. Everyone was so nice and helpful.. Words cannot describe our stay at the Alhambra. I recommend and thank the Valoti family for their kindness. The hotel is not even 2 minutes from the Kings Cross Station and there were many good restaurants within walking range. It was well worth the $. We will stay there again and recommend it to everyone. It was all the little things that added up.	
Sep 19 2009 	what a find would definately use again! Excellent value for money	four adults stayed in quad room was a bit cramped but actually bigger than expected after reading some of the reviews. Room was in annexe across the road and it was clean and quiet after being on the go all day. Staff were pleasant and helpful and breakfast was superb. Excellent location for sight seeing. Thanks	
Sep 17 2009 	Beware of time zone changes hotel policies and a hotel's bottom line	My 14 year old daughter and I intended to stay at the Alhambra at the end of June, but made a miscalculation with time zones similar to the couple from Auckland who wrote a review last month. Prior to check out time on the first day of our reservation, my husband emailed the hotel from the U.S. via their secure server letting them know that we were en route, would be arriving late and would like our reservation held. He received a confirmation indicating the message was successfully delivered. When we arrived, we were told they did not receive the email, the hotel was fully booked, and we would have a difficult timing finding another hotel because Wimbledon was going on. In addition, they charged our Visa for one nights lodging. My daughter and I were exhausted after travelling from the U.S. and found Bruno and Marek's attitude and communication quite cold. We also got the run around intially and were not very clear who really was in charge there. I would advise travelers to make sure of their dates before booking with their credit card because hotels such as this one don't really care if you make a mistake because it can be to their advantage. I can understand a hotel charging someone for not showing up or canceling, but I don't think it is fair that a hotel can charge twice for a room when they are able to rent it out. Landlords can not charge two different tenants for renting the same place on the same day, and I don't think hotels should be allowed to either.	
Sep 16 2009 	better accomadation in shop doorway	stayed in a so called triple en-suite room accross the road from main building - strange. the room was in the basement and on entry discovered that the room was so small that if i was swinging a cat i would have been jailed for animal cruelty! the room was so small that there was no room whatsoever for luggage, the two wall lights did not work and when getting into bed discovered tha the beds were made up with what looked like old military blankets ( all this at 100 a night). marched accross road to reception to complain and was told that a few weeks earlier there had been a leak and so lights not working and as for all the other bad things about the room, well i may have been talking gibberish. the next day it was the wifes turn to have a go and eventually she got a massive refund of .........10 . my advice for anyone considering a stay here is do not believe the good reviews and pay a little extra and stay somewhere else (but not a shopdoorway that was just a bit sarcasm).	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect for us	We enjoyed Alhambra! Our room was small but not as small as I thought it could be. It was also clean (and cleaned every day) and furniture seemed quite new.We had a shared bathroom witch worked fine. It happened to be always free and toilet was clean. Only minus was the lack of sink in toilet. I would have liked to wash my hand befoure touching many door handles...Free breakfast was very good and I couldn't have eaten more. It was nice to be able to choose between English and continental breakfast.I was very peaceful in hotel. You could hear voices from corridors if someone was walking there but people were doing it silently. Also some noise came from the street but it was tolerable. Espacially thinking that hotel was so close to metro. Location was great! It is so close to the stations and trains go everywhere! Only at night we had to take a taxi for few kilometres because the night buss didn't go to King's Cross from Piccadilly.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good Budget Spot	We stayed at the Alhambra on our first trip to London. We were looking for a budget place in London with some decent things in the area, and most importantly, quick access to the tube. We nailed it with Alhambra. The reviews on tripadvisor sum this place up.The owners keep the place very well kept up. It's clean and friendly. It's definitely cramp quarters, but what do you expect for London? The Full English breakfast is hard to stomach morning-after-morning. Do locals actually eat that, or is it just a bad trick on tourists? Nonetheless, Frank is a great chef and we appreciate everything he, his wife, and the staff we able to provide.The access to Kings Cross/St Pancras station was very convenient. I love London because for as many people are in the city, you can get anywhere easily, quickly, and cheaply (use the Pearl card) on the Tubes.If we're looking for a budget spot on our next trip to London, we'll stay here again. Although, it would be very nice to stay somewhere more central like Picadily Circus or Covent Gardens.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location - perfect for sightseeing	My husband and I stayed at Alhambra at the end of June, and due to a miscalculation with time zones, I booked one night too early, which we ended up being charged for (which was fair enough, as the hotel was very busy and they had kept the room vacant for us). We decided to extend our stay there, so ended up having to move to two different rooms, one of which was over the road. The staff were all very helpful and the breakfasts were a fantastic start to the day. Please realise, however, that you get what you pay for, and you need to be prepared for the very tiny size of the rooms. Was also disappointed with the wireless internet, which was one of the reasons I chose this hotel. In all three locations we had very poor connectivity. I would not recommend this place for elderly people, or for those with disabilties, as you have to carry your luggage up the stairs. We discovered a great Irish pub around the corner, with reasonably priced food and a convivial atmoshere. Overall, I would recommend this hotel as a great place from which to set out and see the sights around London.	
Aug 10 2009 	Echo all other good reviews - a real find!	As others have said, this is an excellent little hotel for a few nights in central London in the perfect location for onward travel from St Pancras etc. Rooms are a bit snug, but the hotel makes no pretence to otherwise and following advice on this site, we stayed in twin en-suite room which was perfectly fine for what we needed. Very clean and staff really friendly. And the breakfast was superb!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great place!!	Stayed here couple of nights in June 2009.Hotel is just around the corner of St. Pancras and Kings Cross stations, so location is just perfect!! Even though located in vicinity of a busy station, the street was amazingly quite and peaceful!!I was traveling with friends of mine and we had a quad room in a building opposite to the &quot;main&quot; one. Our room was clean and spotless!! It was a bit small for four adults with luggage, but I know this is the case in most of the hotels in England, and anyway, who will stay only indoors while one is in London?!! Toilet and shower were also clean. Breakfast was good, served in a main building!! Staff was friendly and polite! Great value for money!! Will definitely go back on my next visit to London!!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Nothing fancy but perfect for a budget traveler	Very small, but clean rooms. The attraction, however, is not the rooms, but the central location and the very affordable rates. The included breakfast was also excellent. I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great value	This is the best hotel I've stayed in in London. I try to avoid staying in hotels in London because I feel like it's impossible to find someplace decent at a reasonable price, but the Alhambra was good. You can choose if you want en suite or not, depending on your budget. My boyfriend and I are poor students, so we chose the room with just a sink, but it was fine because the toilet and shower were just a few steps away. The room was small but comfortable, with a tea kettle, flat screen tv, and desk/vanity. The bed was basic, but better than some I've slept in in my many budget travels. They have free wifi and full English breakfast included. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the hotel was clean and quite (no slamming fire doors). This is the first London hotel of which I can say, &quot;I would stay there again.&quot;	
Jun 26 2009 	A clean comfortable and efficient hotel with a yummy breakfast.	We stayed in a quad room on ground floor (Room#19 @ Argyle.) The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. Everything was in operating order (coffee maker, lights, outlets, shower, and internet.) The room was a bit small, but it was amazingly quiet considering St. Pancras and Kings Cross stations were practically across the street. All staff members were very polite and the hot breakfast was very good. This hotel exceeded my expectations. I would stay here again. Note: It takes about 4 minutes to walk to Kings Cross from the Alhambra, 20-30 minutes to buy tickets (at peak hour), and 50 minutes travel time to Heathrow. Thankfully, the station has escalators and an elevator (no stairs to battle w/luggage in tow). Tickets cost about 4 GBP each.	
Jun 25 2009 	Clean comfortable budget accommodation well situated with a good breakfast to get your day started.	I have stayed at the Alhambra several times over the past years. They are well located (literally across the road from Kings Cross St. Pancras). The rooms and bathrooms are small but this is budget accommodation. T'he rooms are clean with comfortable beds, tv, small bathroom and tea-coffee making facility. It is excellent value for money and the staff are friendly, efficient and helpful. They serve a good breakfast to get your day started. They have refurbished since our last visit and everything is spotless.	
Jun 19 2009 	Alhambra Hotel - Great Value	We have stayed at the Alhambra before for just a few days. This time we were here for six days, and you just cannot beat the value and location. of course the rooms are small, but you are not paying for a luxury hotel. The rooms are clean and everything works in the rooms! The breakfast (and we are both vegetarians) certainly will fill you up and the staff is wonderful! (I have stayed at other places where they toss the food at you). If you request rooms, they try hard to get you what you request. We have only stayed in the main building. If loud noises bother you, you might wish to request a room not facing the street, tho we live in a city and it doesn't bother us. (having said that,it was only loud on a Saturday night). When in London, one is out sightseeing and at the theatre ..why pay more when you just want a clean, safe place to sleep?The staff at the front desk are terrific, friendly and make you feel at home. Great access to the tube (including Picadilly to the airport). Thumbs up!	
Jun 18 2009 	Nice hotel!	Nice hotel, well situated. staff very nice and polite. Lovely breakfast.The bedroom are small but normal with the price that we pay.I definitly advice you this hotel!	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Location with Great Breakfast.	My wife and I stayed at the Alhambra Hotel for 4 nights in May of 2009. I picked the hotel because of the TripAdvisor reviews that I had read and I was not disappointed. When I emailed the hotel to check availability, they had originally said that there we could have a room with a double bed, shower and toilet inside, for 4 nights, but by the time I replied to confirm the reservation, the room was not available all 4 nights. Long story, short - we stayed in three different rooms in this hotel in four nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When we switched rooms, we just took our luggage down to the front desk in the morning, and it was waiting in our new room for us when we returned at night. We spent a night in each of the annexes across the street and two nights in the main hotel building so we got to experience each part of the hotel. All of the rooms were clean and small - exactly what we expected. The free WiFi worked in all of the rooms, even on the top floor of the annex. The breakfast in the morning is excellent, though there can be a short line (queue) if you go too late.You cannot beat the location of this hotel. As mentioned, it is half a block from the St. Pancras Eurostar station, which is ideal for early morning chunnel trains. Also, the tube station at St. Pancras connects with six lines, including the Piccadilly line, which will take you out to Heathrow. AND, there's an HSBC bank on the corner. (Which is great if you are an HSBC customer - no currency exchange needed). This is an excellent hotel for its price range and I will not hesitate to stay in it again when I return to London.	
Jun 1 2009 	Small Room but Otherwise a Good Option for London	The Alhambra was very conveniently located close to St Pancras Station for Eurostar connections. The breakfast was excellent and the staff were very friendly. We were allocated a first floor bedroom with a double bed and showerbox. The room was extremely small (even by London standards) made worse because the room had a large dresser, which took up too much space for its utility. There was only room for one suitcase on top of the dresser. The room and showerbox was very clean, as was the adjoining shared toilet. This room would be best for a very short stay in London and not for more than two nights.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent choice of hotel in London	Chose this hotel on the internet after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and was pleased to find that the room exceeded my expectations! The rooms were decent size, very clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful. We were able to get in our room upon arrival at 11AM and that was most appreciated. Terrific location! The bus and underground were were just down the street and we were pleased to find we could purchase a day pass for the buses for only 3.50 pounds per day. Another good value was using airportsrunner for transport from the pier and to the airport - they brought us directly to the hotel and handled our luggage and the price was very reasonable. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a good value and does not need all the amenities of a five star hotel.	
May 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I recently stayed at the Alhambra Hotel &amp; must say this is a good find. The price is right and the location is fine with nearby Tube Stops. The breakfast is included, and it is a nice breakfast at that. There is Hot Food served with all the coffee or tea you asked for. The Staff at the Front Desk as well as the Breakfast Staff were all very nice &amp; pleasant.The rooms are clean, and so are the bathrooms. Rooms are not big, but you are not in London to sit in your hotel room. I was very pleased with this hotel. It is Basic, but Good.There is only one thing that concerned me: This hotel has the small winding stairs that so many hotels in London have. There is no way for Housekeeping Carts to be used, so Housekeeping keeps the daily fresh towels in plastic bags placed on the steps. On each day I was there, I noticed on various landings, some of the towels were not in the plastic bags, but just sitting on the carpet of the stairs.If you think about that, it's unsanitary. That is the same carpet people are walking on with their shoes &amp; dragging their luggage over. I intended to point this out to the Front Desk while I was at the hotel, but between running in &amp; out &amp; people checking in &amp; out, I forgot. I hope that Management will point out to Housekeeping that the Fresh Towels should remain in the plastic bags until they are placed in the rooms. Other than that one point, I was very satisfied with the Alhambra. It really is a good find in an expensive City. I will be returning to the Alhambra in the future. It is a nicely run Hotel, and I give it an enthused Thumbs Up review.	
May 14 2009 	everything you need at a reasonable price	This hotel is 5 mins walk from St Pancras. Our en-suite room was small, but very clean, TV, tea/coffee making, and comfortable beds. A good freshly cooked English breakfast was included in the price, plenty of toast and tea. We didn't find noise to be a problem, but I suggest ear-plugs, just incase. The price for two of us was 80, which I think is excellent value for London. Found the staff to be pleasant.We had a meal at the Harrison Gastro Pub, it is a couple of streets away, very good food and value.	
May 11 2009 	Rude Old Lady	I stayed at this hotel in Dec 2008. I saw all the good reviews from Trip Advisor so I decided to give it a try. I booked this hotel by email. We planned to stay there for 3 nights orginally but then we changed our schedule. I informed the hotel to change our booking from 3 nights to 2 nights. The room was just okay. It's not particular clean and comfortable. We were okay with our stay anyway until on the check out day. As my niece was not feeling so well, so I asked one of the staff if we could check out a bit late. He said the check out time was 11am but we could check out by 11.30am. Therefore, we checked out at 11.30. When we checked out, there was an old lady at the counter. She asked &quot;do you know what the time is????? it's 11am!! Don't you know the check out time is 11am???&quot; I couldn't believe what she said. I was like what kind of attitude is that?? She then asked &quot;is that you request to change the reservation from 3 nights to 2 nights&quot; I said &quot;yes, because we changed our plan&quot; Then she said &quot; you should have made booking for 2 nights instead of 3 nights&quot; ...I was totally appalled by her attitude. Although she kept smiling when she was talking to us. I still think she's way too rude. I will never come back to this hotel.	
May 2 2009 	Good choice	My second hotel experience in London; the first one was catastrophic, therefore I was pleasantly surprised with this one.The room was clean and confortable, the service was discrete and friendly.We had a good night and a good breakfast! not too expensive and very close to St Pancras, i'll definitely go there again if needed.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great for a few nights	My wife and I and our daughter and 14 year old grandson stayed here for 4 nights and found it ideal for our needs. An extended stay in this hotel would not be a great idea in view of the room sizes and lack of communal sitting areas. We were in a ground floor back room and first floor back room in the annex across the road from the hotel. The rooms were small but had all necessary furniture, twin beds with a shared bedside table, wardrobe, dressing table, hand basin, ensuite toilet and shower, TV and tea/coffee making facilities. Lighting was excellent. There was even a centre ceiling light which makes living out of a suitcase much easier. These seem to be sadly lacking in most hotel bedrooms. There are safes in the rooms but the combination for each room is preset, known by management and cannot be altered, so of limited value for storing cash or documents.Breakfast was cooked and served to order in a basement breakfast room in the main building.The hotel is within sight of St Pancras station which is well served by tube and buses so is a good base for sightseeing.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fabulous Value	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights and we both agreed that we would stay here again. We stayed in a double on the third floor and shared a bathroom with the other rooms on our floor. The rooms were spotless, our bags were brought up for us, we never had to wait to use the shower, and the breakfast was great. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. As long as you are not looking for a huge/luxury room, this is perfect!	
Apr 14 2009 	Convenient clean and inviting	We needed overnight accommodation convenient to St Pancras International and Eurostar for a journey to Perpignan, and the Alhambra fitted the bill perfectly. The staff were welcoming and helpful, the room comfortable, scrupulously clean and the price affordable. Added to that we got breakfast as well. Will certainly visit again for our next foray to France by Eurostar and the French TGV.	
Apr 9 2009 	Very nice!	We stayed a week in this hotel - it was lovely! The location (just around the corner from King's Cross) couldn't be beat. The price was VERY reasonable for being right in the heart of London. Rooms were very small, but clean. The showers are absolutely fantastic with the water pressure! I wanted to take the shower home with me.Our room was a basement room en suite, in the building across from the &quot;main&quot; building. The building itself was very quiet, but there was a little bit of street noise occasionally on the weekend (never bad at all, and usually when we were awake anyway.)And finally, the full English breakfast was absolutely outstanding. A wonderful way to start the day - it truly does keep you full until lunchtime! Overall - great hotel! The staff very friendly, the rooms clean and servicable, location fantastic, and wonderful food!	
Apr 5 2009 	Clean cheap and cheerfull	I stayed in a single room here midweek in April 2009. My room was on the top ( 3rd ) floor and was accessed by stairs ( no lift ). Breakfast is served in the basement and from the basement to my room was an agonising 64 stairs.Apart from the above, this hotel is a gem...as long as you know waht you are getting. The rooms are small but spotless, the breakfast is quite good, the hotel overall is very clean and the breakfast area is also spotless. Staff both at breakfast and on checking in and out were really friendly.Not a hotel for hanging around in, but if you are looking for a reasonable priced room in an excellent location for a short stay in London, I feel it will be hard to beat this hotel	
Apr 4 2009 	Great - if you know what to expect	Over a number of years I have stayed at the Alhambra Hotel about 20 times on business. In all these visits I have always found the hotel and service offered by the staff / owners to be consistent and reliable. As stated by many others in their review the Alhambra offers one of the cheapest rooms in central London - there is a reason for this. The hotel is in King's Cross, which although central is not exactly one of the most picturesque areas of the City. That said, if you are heading off on the Eurostar or on mainline rail from either King's Cross or Euston, then you are very close to these stations and the location is perfect. In general, the rooms are small, some even tiny. There is not really a lot of space for large luggage and to be honest you would not really use the hotel if you valued things like luxuriating in your room or enjoying a relaxing drink in a busy bar / reception area. Bedrooms are divided between the main hotel and its sister across the road. The standards are exactly the same. There are no lifts and some rooms are on the upper floors. Luggage can be left at reception and there is free wireless internet access if you have your own computer.The rooms are spotlessly clean and are refreshed daily although you should bring your own toiletries as those offered are not very good. The breakfast is fresh with a choice between a cereal based offering or the more traditional fry-up [grill up really, for the health conscious] of bacon and eggs. Lots of toast, tea and coffee. The staff are usually very friendly and helpful for those who want some advice about London. There is the added bonus if you speak French, so do the owners. The price is good for London and the hotel itself is very safe.If you decide to stay here, and if you want a really good budget hotel I recommend you do, just be sure to say what you would like - as big a room as possible, private facilities and perhaps on the lower floors. The Alhambra is a very clean and safe hotel to use as a base for a trip to London - no frills, good service, good breakfast, good price: you decide.	
Apr 3 2009 	A good choice for budget travellers	We had a nice stay for 5 nights in Alhambra and I agree with most of the positive remarks here. It is situated in an excellent location with just 1 to 2 minutes' walk from King's Cross and a few minutes to Euston. The staff were friendly especially Bruno and Frank who arranged an early breakfast for us at 6:45 on Sunday morning when we had to hurry for the Stonhenge Tour. It was nice to have full breakfast every morning at a spacious breakfast room. We never had to wait for a table or the food. We stayed on the lower ground floor and could hear the tube noise but it wasn't loud enough to disturb us at all. But the negative side was, common to most budget hotels in central London, the room was very small. With 4 adults crowded in a family room of 2 standard double beds, we had to be tolerant. We had to put our luggage inside the closet as there was barely any extra space for the suitcases. The toilet and shower again were just basic and tiny. Well, for 110 GBP per night per room of 4 including full breakfast in a quiet and convenient location, I would think it good value. The free wi-fi is a plus too. Next time, I may choose 2 family rooms for 4 people to get more space.	
Apr 1 2009 	Very hard to beat for value/convenience.	Along with my wife I stayed at this hotel between 27/31 March,2009.The most striking thing about the hotel was how incredibily clean it looked, and was.The reception area was very light and fresh and the staff interested, very helpful and efficient.The rooms are admittedly on the small side but well equiped and comfortable.The breakfast room was up to the same standard as the rest of the hotel and the service and food excellent.I will use this hotel again and do recommend it.	
Apr 1 2009 	Quality comes in small packages	We picked out this hotel from past reviews, we can confirm these reveiwes are accurate and perfect for short stays we found the hotel extreamley clean, freindly and professional with an excellent breakfast as a bonus. Thankyou	
Mar 31 2009 	A very pleasent hotel in a great location	I stayed for only one night at the Alhambra Hotel in the King큦 Cross area in London and afterwards I wished that I had spent every night during my week큦 stay in London there. The staff were very pleasent and easy to deal with. And the room resembled that of a room at the Hyatt Regency (though without the minibar). Not least when you compared it to what you get at some of the other trashy hotels and hostels on Argyle Street. Whenever I visit London I like to stay in the King큦 Cross area since it큦 so lively. My room at the Alhambra was very neatly furnished and decorated, and surprisingly spacious (for a London hotel). The bathroom was a bit on the small side, but big enough and with a proper shower booth. It was also spotlessly clean. The room had a big TV (34 inch screen at least). Sometimes at night you could hear the sounds of the underground trains arriving at and departing from the King큦 Cross station, which didn큧 bother me in the least, since the sound was very low. The one minor thing that could perhaps be changed by the hotel was that they could serve breakfast until 10 am instead of 9 am, because around 8.30 the breakfast room was very crowded and I had to share a table with complete strangers. All in all, however, for 70 GBP a night, I would most definitely choose to stay there again whenever I go to London again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Cheap Clean Convenient and Cramped	At 60 - 70 per night, this hotel is one of the cheapest hotels i could find in central London. It was quiet and located in a nice neighborhood with nearby pubs, restaurants, laundry, supermarkets, and convenience stores. It is also very conveniently located to the King's Cross and St. Pancras train and underground stations (1/2 block). The hotel has free wireless internet and a free continental/english breakfast (which was exactly as depicted on their webpage).My only problem with the hotel is how cramped the rooms are. This wasn't a surprise - the pictures on the Alambra's website clearly show just how small the rooms are...which is small. I opted for a room with an en-suite shower which had a shower that opened directly into the room. The toilet was shared with the other two rooms on the floor and was located in what could best be described as a closet at the end of the hall. The room was cleaned and the towels were replaced every day. The shared toilet was also kept fairly clean.This hotel is perfect for anyone trying to stay in London for as cheap as possible. However, if you would like any space in your room (i.e. somewhere to sit, somewhere to put your luggage, a &quot;bathroom&quot;, etc.) then i would suggest looking elsewhere.	
Mar 23 2009 	Not bad- good location	Stayed here for 4 nights.First 2 nights were in a tiny room up 3 flights of narrow stairs.Room was clean,warm and fairly quiet.Shared toilet and shower was small but ok.Breakfest was pretty good also.free wireless internet was a bonus too.Last 2 nights were across the road in a room in the basement with its own shower and toilet.Once again pretty comfortable and clean.	
Mar 19 2009 	Right opposite Eurostar St Pancras	We were leaving London on an early Eurostar, so wanted a place to sleep over after travelling into London. The Albhambra came up as a good recommendation on Trip Advisor, so we booked a double room with en-suite facilities for one night.The hotel couldn't be much more convienient for Eurostar being located just half a block away down Argyle street (you can see St Pancras from the front door). We were a little disaapointed with the size of the room and en-suite, but given the price and location the rate is very good value for money. We were given a room located in the annex accross the road in the Lower Ground Floor. Unfortunately this meant that we could hear the frequent noise of each underground train passing close by until late and early next morning, so if this bothers you ask for a room above street level. Otherwise there was no disturbance from an area that until recently had a poor reputation for sleaze. Clearly the area is benefiting from the recent investment.Our only other disappointment was not being able to parrtake of our included breakfast, as breakfast started at 7 a.m. A 6.30 start or a breakfast pack would have been good for those catching an early train. However a generally good experience and I would consider using again for an early Eurostar train, though I would personally find the accomodation a little too clautraphobic for a longer stay unless budget cost was more important. (Note the Alhambra is cheaper and better than the nearby Travelodge.)	
Mar 15 2009 	Alhambra Hotel is THE BEST!	What a fantastic hotel! I must say that all the good reviews are true! I am from Italy, I went there last week with my family for a week's holiday in London, and I was very very satisfied. The location is very central and smart (the area around St Pancras Station has been transformed with lots of shops), the room was not huge but always clean, the breakfast is freshly cooked but the most important thing is the staff's friendliness. Especially Bruno at reception is always happy to help, he is very friendly. When I will return to London I would not consider going to any other hotel. I shall recommend the Alhambra to all my friends, it's the best!	
Mar 12 2009 	Decent enough for a London budget hotel	While the room and bathroom were quite small, this was a decent budget hotel for London. It was clean and the breakfast, which is included in the room price, was a good start to the day. Our room face the street, so was a little noisy. It is in an excellent location as far as being close the St Pancras and Kings Cross train stations, but there is not much else nearby. However, getting around the London Tube system is so easy.	
Mar 11 2009 	ok but could be better	i stayed at this hotelfor 4 nights an the last two mornings we had got woken up at 7-8am in the morning by builders that was working on the room directly above us. we wasnt advised of this and spoke to a person at reception who didnt have a clue that there was any builders. he wrote a note for the manager but nothing was done or said about it. we didnt even get told that there will be people working. we paid for the room tio stay in yet got woken up very early.	
Mar 4 2009 	poor business behavior	The story of a failed booking procedure: On Sunday, January 25, at 16:21 I received a mail on my booking request, which said that the hotel offers a discount on its prices in February and that the reduced prices for a triple room with shower and toilet outside the room were 66 and 94 for Friday and Saturday and for a triple room with en suite facilities 80 for Sunday and 90 for Monday.The same day at 21:39 I received another mail with the subject &quot;error in the previous email&quot;, which said, that the person who replied this afternoon made a mistake in the prices. Receive our apologies. All our en suite triple rooms are fully booked for the required dates. All we have available is one triple room (double bed + single bed) with shared shower and WC. The price is 80 per night week days and 85 per night Friday and Saturday. The rooms with special offers are now fully booked for these dates.Under these circumstances we did not proceed to booking. We were a little annoyed with this mail contact. First there wasn't only a problem with the prices but also with the vacancies of the triple en suite rooms. I understand that a triple en suite room was not available anymore although I don't understand that the employee who wrote us just 5 hours before should not have seen that. OK, something like that can happen. I would have accepted their apologies. But second and more important I believe that it's not the right business behavior changing the prices after giving a positive answer to a request like ours. If there was really a mistake (and they didn't just change their mind since e.g. somebody else offered more money) they should at least have remained with the 'special offer' for the room with the shared facilities. To change the offer after giving a positive answer on a request is at least not a very good style.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location very small room	My husband, two year old son and I just returned from a weekend in London. We only stayed at the Alhambra Hotel for one night because we had free accommodation at another hotel (Holiday Inn Regent Park) through a British Airways deal for the other two nights we were in London. We stayed in a room with a double room, no ensuite bath.I'm glad that we only stayed at the Alhambra Hotel for one night. The Holiday Inn looked like the lap of luxury after staying at the Alhambra Hotel. The room was very small, like the other reviewers said. With our luggage, it was hard to turn around in the room. But, we weren't planning on spending a lot of time in the room so that wasn't that big a deal to us. My son had to sleep in the bed with my husband and I since there wasn't room for a cot (pack and play) in the room. The room was clean and there was a sink in the room which was a nice touch that I wasn't expecting. There was a very small shower down the hall, with no shelf and one small hook. It was hard to hang my clothes without them falling into the water. The toilet was in a separate room down the hall. There was no wash basin by the toilet, so I was a little put-off thinking of the germs that must be on the handle to the toilet room and throughout the hotel, considering there was no place to wash after using the toilet except for in your own room. The shower and toilet felt a lot like the shower and toilet you'd find at a campground in North America. I felt like I was car camping.The breakfast was very good. I liked it better than the breakfast at the Holiday Inn. We had to wait for a table, but I assume that's because we came at 9:45 and breakfast was served until 10:00am. The location was really excellent. Very close to the Kings Cross/St. Pancras tube station and around the corner from the British Library. The free wireless was a great bonus and very appreciated.Overall, it's a good, very basic hotel. I would go back again if I was only looking for somewhere to crash for the night and didn't plan on spending ANY time in the room. Also, next time I would pay extra for the ensuite bath. I saw that some people recommended this hotel for an amazing honeymoon. I would not recommend it for any special vacation like a honeymoon or for romance, but I would recommend it for a place to crash for the night.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location - Great Hotel	I recently met a group of friends in London for the weekend and wanted a value priced hotel which was in close proximity to the King's Cross/St. Pancras Stations. I'm glad I chose the Alhambra Hotel. The hotel is family owned and the service and hospitality just can't be beat. Everyone was so kind, friendly and helpful and I felt very much at home and safe. The rooms are very basic, clean and comfortable and they serve a typical English breakfast which is included in the price of your room. You can also have cereal served with toast and a croissant if you don't want the English breakfast. There are many cafes and bars in the area as well as a post office and several Internet Cafes. Connection to the Underground is a 2 minute walk to King's Cross and several buses serve the area as well. When I visit London again, I will surely stay at the Alhambra.	
Feb 15 2009 	Superb!!	My Daughter and I spent two nights at the Alhambra, the accomodation was spotlessly clean, comfortable. and the Staff very helpful and friendly...It is difficult to find a place to stay in London that reaches the quality of the Alhambra..the convenient location will not be beaten...and the Breakfast is a perfect start to a busy day..I have no reservations whatsoever of recommending the Hotel Alhambra to visitors to London. Do go there you will not be dissapointed.	
Jan 29 2009	Incredible find	Nice cheap room, clean, shower &amp; toilet situated near room on same floor, bed comfortable, TV with Sky, lovely breakfast, pleasant &amp; helpfull staff and last but not least the location what more can I say it was so near to Kings Cross, St Pancras and Euston stations I could not believe it, this was a bonus as I travelled on the tube a lot. The bus stops were also near by if you choose to travel on the bus, all within 5 mins walk from the hotel with the exception of Euston which is 1 stop on the tube or short walk. When I arrived at Euston I got a taxi to the hotel which cost just over 4.00, not a lot. The only negative feedback I have is my room was on the third floor with no lift, 49 stairs to climb. I planned it that I took my coat with me when going for breakfast so would only have this trek up stairs once a day when I came back later in the evening, but this will not put me off, I will definitely stay again.	
Jan 16 2009 	good value for the cost	Me and my husband sometimes stay here when in London for events and need somewhere cheap and cheerful to crash the night.To the people complaining it's basic and small. What did you exactly expect for 60 a night in the middle of London?The rooms are small but who cares? you're in London and when your out all day sightseeing and only sleeping in the hotel at night the size hardly matters?The room came with basic things such as kettle and a t.v and the rooms were very clean.The staff were very friendly and we had a nice chat with the guy booking us in. He seemed like a nice chap and we chatted for a while.I thought the breakfast in the morning was brilliant for a cheap budget hotel. I certainly wasn't expecting it to be as yummy as it was.Over all I would recommend it to friends. Especially people like me who use it just as a base in London for doing things like going to gigs. Also it is located right nest to st.pancras so handy for people that come in from the midlands.	
Jan 10 2009	very satisfied	stayed here for 2 nights recently, very handy location near kings cross station and tube, everywhere very accessable, found the staff very helpful and friendly, the breakfast excellent and the rooms very warm and comfortable, serviced each day with nice fluffy towels! rooms not huge but plenty big enough for the time we were there, slight train noise but not enough to cause any bother, would certainly stay again and reccommend the hotel to friends.	
Jan 9 2009 	Good stay convinient location	We stayed two nights at Alhambra Hotel and were quite happy with our stay. We were three people staying in one room for about 100  a night - which was a good price. The room was also fairly small, but it was clean and the bathroom very clean and comfortable as well. The staff was very friendly and the breakfast good and the breakfast room cosy. The location is great, right by the King's Cross station.The only thing that would have made our stay better, would have been single beds - or at least not a shared duvet for the double bed.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Alhambra for 7 days from December 28th until January 3rd. As it was our first trip to London we were very happy with the location of this hotel as it is a minutes walk from the underground and the Eurostar station. It also had several coffee shops and restaurants nearby. Since St. Pancras is across the way there was also many convenient shops there as well.We chose to book a room without toilet/shower. The shared shower was always hot however a little small and another hook on the door would have been helpful. Our room was comfortable and clean and since we were out touring around most of the day, it met our needs just fine.The breakfast each morning was very good, and although it seemed busy some mornings, we never had to wait for a table. We were very happy with our stay and would definately stay there again.	
Jan 2 2009	Convenient Location a Plus	We stayed two nights at the Alhambra in December in rooms with private baths/toilets. Our rate was 75 BPS per room per night including breakfast.Pros: Check in was efficient and easy. We were able to check in at 1:30 p.m., which was great. We missed the regular breakfast time because of the long line that snaked out the door. However, we went down 15 minutes after the breakfast hour, and the host very kindly arranged for us to be served even though the cook had cleaned his pan. We really appreciated it. The rooms were very basic but clean, the shower had hot water and good pressure.Cons: The rooms were small, but we knew that going in so we were not surprised. Someone in the building just next to the hotel was working on a construction project late at night (10 p.m.-12 a.m.). Hammering, drilling, pouring of some liquids out the window!? The wall of our room rattled as they worked. Our biggest woe was the intermittent beeping of the fire alarm system in the hallway outside my parents' room. We complained about it three different times, but it was not fixed in the time that we were there. In fact, the first time we complained, the guy acted like we were making it up! The alarm beeped consistently day and night about every 15 minutes---nine short beeps followed by six additional ones. My parents asked for another room, and they were offered one, but it didn't have a private shower/toilet.	
Dec 23 2008 	More room in a shoe box	A lot of the reviews on here are very good and it has a good rating so maybe we were just very unlucky with this hotel. Also it certainly does have its good points - the english breakfast was excellent, the breakfast room very bright and breezy, the staff were friendly and the room and hotel were clean. The location is ideal for getting around London too, literally 2 mins from Kings Cross station. BUT. I have never seen such a small room in a hotel. There was barely room for the (small) double bed, a wardrobe, small chest of draws and a sink. This left barely enough floor space for standing in let alone 2 peoples bags, room to move while getting changed etc. Furthermore, I knew on booking that the room had no bathroom so toilet/bathroom would be shared, but did not expect this to mean that there would only be ONE toilet and ONE shower between the whole floor. Therefore if you wake up at a normal time you will be waiting ages, constantly going back and forth down the corridor to see if they are free yet. And with so many people using it the shower was not in the best of states by the time it was free, so that my girlfriend preferred to wash at the sink rather than shower. If you do use the shower, there is no spare space to hang clothes or dry off, so you either let them get wet or run down the corridor in your towel.I know its London and it was cheap compared to most the other places still available 2 weeks before Christmas, and its a real shame because it seemed like a nice hotel otherwise, and the en-suite rooms may be much better, but for 70 a night i expect room to move at least.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Stay	I've been staying at Alhambra Hotel from Dec.5th to 8th on my last London trip in 2008. This time I visited here with my family and my friend's family, both of us have children in their 10s. We chose triple and quad room, which we found absolutely comfy and wide, clean, fully furnished and equipped with fabulous LCD TV and kettle with choice of coffee or tea. Reception has been very friendly and breakfast (served both English and continental) really excellent (my compliments to the cook). I do recommend this hotel for all the above listed, together with the very good balance price/location. We'll stay here again	
Oct 27 2008 	Excellent value	We just came back from a short trip in London and we enjoyed our stay at the Alhambra.Ideally located near St Pancras station, it takes 30 minutes to walk to the city center.Room was clean, large, comfortable - of course, we clearly heard our neihgbours coming back to their room but they were particularly noisy !Breakfast is really enjoyable and the staff warm and welcoming.In short : for 40 pp, what else is it to ask for ??	
Oct 16 2008 	Clean Convenient Location Will stay again	We (four 50 something canadians) spent four nights at the end of September after being all over UK. Our daughter recommended this place which she learned of from Lonely Planet and she and her husband stayed here in the spring. Given the cost, which was the lowest of our three weeks, we were not expecting much but we were very pleasantly surprised to find the rooms very clean, comfortable though small, the bathroom and shower room (shared) convenient ly close to the room and clean. This is an excellent budget accommodation, felt safe, close to the underground, a couple of good pubs. Staff were frindly, cooperative and helpful. They arranged an inexpensive and very clean car to take us to Heathrow. WE will definatley stay here again whenever we are in London and will recommended it to friends. It actually makes London more of an affordable destination for us. Breakfasts were excellent.	
Oct 7 2008 	Alhambra - not eastern charm but British excellence	Any hotel that one gladly revisits is worth recommending, as is the case with the Alhambra, situated centrally close to London큦 St Pancras Station. My family and I were recently there for a second time and enjoyed our stay very much.The rooms are clean and tidy, the atmosphere in the hotel friendly and helpful. The staff speak a number of languages making it a good destination for those whose English is not 100%! The English breakfast is more than adequate and well-cooked, giving a good start to a day when one is wandering around London. All in all, highly recommended!The Chislehurstian	
Oct 6 2008 	Excellent choice	My 2 teenage kids and I stayed in a basic triple room and we were very satisfied with the experience. Yes, the room was small but certainly not the smallest I've stayed in! The showers and toilets were down the passage and at no time in our 7 nights there did we have to queue for either. They were also very clean at all times. The breakfasts were very good - typical English breakfast or Continental with lots of toast, coffee etc. This certainly set us up for the day!The B&amp;B is perfectly situated for the tube and/or bus and we were amazed at how close things were. We felt quite safe walking around at night and were given our own key to the building.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend The Alhambra if you are looking for a basic but safe place to stay.	
Oct 6 2008 	Very convenient for Eurostar	This is a small hotel down the street opposite the entrance to St Pancras station, split on opposite sides of the street. Some disruptive building work is going on at present. We stayed downstairs in the annexe which provided a small room and very small ensuite. It's fine for 1 or 2 days but you would feel cramped staying longer. The room was comfortable. had an electronic safe, and included tea/coffee making facility. TV seemed restricted to the 4 main channels. The street was relatively quiet considering its position but the floorboards in the room above were quite creaky and the inhabitant seeemed restless. Breakfast is in the basement of the main building, a small area but food is freshly cooked and tasty. Not much variety but enough for a nice start to the day. Good value for money and very convenient for a morning Eurostar train, but bring your own shampoo. Also very near tube and good bus services.	
Sep 22 2008 	Clean quiet - good for business travel	I stayed at the Alhambra during a brief business trip to London. I stayed in a double ensuite. The room was small, but the shower was a reasonable size. I think I would have found the accomodations a bit cramped if I had shared the room with another, but it was perfectly fine for a single business traveler. My room was in the basement. There was a window through which a good amount of light came through. There was no view, but it didn't feel like a dungeon. There was no lift to the basement level and the stairs were quite narrow. It would have been tough to negotiate with large bags. The only noise I noticed was the sound of the underground trains, which wasn't bothersome in the least. I can't comment on breakfast. Not a big fan of English breakfasts. There is a Starbucks, Pret a Manger and Costa Coffee within a few blocks, which I preferred. This is not a part of London in which you will find a lot of fine dining. However, with the Kings Cross/St. Pancras tube stop around the corner, it is easy to get anywhere in London (or Europe for that matter) from the hotel. I did not bring my laptop, so I also can't comment on the wireless Internet service. In a pinch, you'd be able to get on the Internet at the Starbucks or the British Library, which is just a couple of blocks away. I was able to pay my bill the day before leaving and they ordered an early morning car for me. The car was waiting at 6:45 as requested.	
Sep 14 2008 	very nice close to the city 	We stayed here for three nights, the location is very close to the city. The undeground station kings cross has connections to 5 underground lines, so you can get to many directions, oxford circus in a few minutes, for example.First of all, the hotel was full all the time, so book as early as possible. This is a budget stay, the rooms are rather small, but in London, this is normal. The service was always great, breakfast served immediately, the staff was alway friendly.	
Sep 3 2008	Well located budget B	We stayed here for one night after flying into London before leaving the next morning on the train north from Kings Cross. The location was perfect, less than a block from the train station. There is also a tube station at Kings Cross and from there you can go anywhere in the city very easily. The room was small, as expected for the price and city, but clean and comfortable. They are in two buildings across Argyle Street from each other, and there was a very nice pub at the farther end of the street with good beer and fish and chips. Breakfast was the usual English Breakfast (egg, sausage, bacon, beans, and grilled tomato), plus juice, toast, and coffee or tea. There are no luxuries here, but for the money you can't beat it in London. We would stay there again.	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent location 	Our room was clean, the staff was friendly and the location was perfect. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	Used the internet to select this London hotel for my wife and I to spend an overnight stay while we went to a West End theatre.Ideally situated close (100 metres) to our mainline railway station (Kings Cross). Kings Cross underground very convenient for access to anywhere in London.Family run, very clean and tidy. All staff helpful and create the impression of wanting to help you. We were in the annex to the main building (30 metres directly across the road) which may seem like a problem but in fact proved even more convenient as we were given our own key to the building as well as the room so access was probably even easier than having to go through reception. Potential problem of getting to restaurant for breakfast if weather was bad and the volume of guests trying to get into the restaurant(which was clearly designed to cope only with the original building) at breakfast time are very minor compared to the level of facilities and service provided at the price.Excellent value at less than 90 total for the two of us to share a twin bedded room and both have full English breakfast.	
Aug 24 2008 	Decent Budget Stay	We selected this hotel for the low price comared to any others in central London. The location wasn't quite central, but it was less than one block walking distance from a major train station--the King's Cross, which was great for getting to &quot;downtown&quot; and Paris. The neighborhood didn't seem very safe at night but other than being followed around by one stranger, nothing happened. The hotel was clean but modest. The breakfast was fine.	
Aug 20 2008	Convenient and clean	We were looking for a cheap hotel to stay in for 1 night on route from Liverpool - Brussels via Eurostar. We had looked on the usual travel websites but could find nothing at a price we liked. We came across the Alhambra via Google Earth and were pleased we made the choice to stay there. It was relatively cheap ( London prices), clean, comfortable and excellently placed for an early morning check in to Eurostar. We were in a slightly bizarrely laid-out basement room (room 15) in the building opposite the main hotel building, but we had a clean shower, toilet, washbasin and double bed. The room looked onto a brick wall but we didn't mind as we didn't hear too much traffic noise, or indeed noise from other guests. Breakfast was included in the price and we found service at breakfast to be swift, efficient and pleasant. I had the cooked breakfast and found it to be of a good standard. We especially liked the area the hotel was in: walking away from St Pancras towards Russell Square are some nice roads that had a sort of villagey feel with a good mix of pubs, bars and restaurants. There is also an excellent arthouse cinema ( The Renoir) about 10 minutes walk away. I would definitely recommend this hotel as a brief stopping off point if you are using Eurostar.	
Aug 15 2008 	Excellent value service and location	I can't believe the two previous posters were staying at the same hotel. This is a budget hotel and offers a basic service which represents very good value for money. Our twin room - in the annexe across the road - was very clean with comfy beds (and a phone). With two locked doors at the front, plus our own door, we had no worries about security, and it was very quiet. Our 1st floor room had a large window which you could open a good way to give good ventilation. Yes, the room was very small but we didn't spend much time there.The staff were extremely friendly and courteous - we arrived at 12.30 and were able to check in straight away. The breakfast was fine, and the waitresses offered tea coffee or hot chocolate. They were happy for us to leave our luggage there for the day when we checked out. It's a great location - a couple of minutes from St Pancras/Kings Cross and the underground with a grocery and lots of places to eat nearby.If people want air conditioning, more towels and fancy toiletries they must expect to pay more.I would certainly use the hotel again.	
Aug 13 2008 	I came to know for this excellent hotel vis internet. Good experience.	I stayed for 2 days in your hotel while coming from USA for my onward journey to Pakistan. Its was an exellent experience to stay in such like accomodation as I always stay in big hotels. For ones resonable budget its an excellent place. Very close to Tube &amp; Bus stop. I recommend to young couples or living alone to stay here. Excellent and cooperative staff and good breakfast. Worth the money you spend. Will always recommend to my friends &amp; family.	
Jul 26 2008 	Disaster - avoid.	Hotel was full so was directed over the road despite having a reservation. Did not feel secure in this 'apartment block' with no staff/reception/telephones. Room was noisy and I could hear everything from room above due to extremely creaky floorboards. Room was also VERY HOT. Due to all of the above, I tried to complain and check out a day early. Receptionist/Owner called me a liar, demanded 70 cancellation fee and told me no-one has ever complained at the hotel in her 27 years working there. She may have worked there 27 years but it has taught her NOTHING about customer service.	
Jul 23 2008 	Okay nothing fantastic	When we checked in, we were directed to a block across from the hotel. There was no explanation whatsoever. I assume the main hotel was full and this was the overflow. We had a room on the ground floor with windows opening to an air well. It was a hot day in London and we requested a fan as the open windows did not help in ventilation. The man at the reception said 밹an뭪 you open the windows? I said we did and it was still stuffy in the room. He then said 뱓ry tomorrow, I got no fan. Needless to say, with that attitude I did not try again. The room was really tight. It had 3 single beds and moving around was very difficult. There was no room for the luggage. Eventually we moved all the beds together and there was sufficient leg room. The toilet and bathroom was separate. The shower was really light and we had to adjust the nozzle to get a decent spray. 3 small bars of soap &amp; 3 towels were provided, nothing else. The sink was in the room, next to the coffee/tea facilities. 3 portions of milk was supplied. There was no fridge or hair dryer. There was a flat screen TV which was bolted on the wall on top of the wardrobe. The sheets &amp; pillowcases were clean.It was difficult for friends to contact us as there was no phone and the reception was across the road. Friends said they left messages but none was pass on. Or said that there was no such person.Breakfast was adequate. Nothing fantastic. You had a choice of an English breakfast (one egg, one slice of bacon, one sausage and baked beans) or oatmeal or cereal. You were not allowed anymore. However you could request for more toast or tea/coffee. Their hot chocolate was rather nice, however they did not tell you it was available until I notice another guest having it. You would think that having children at the table that the waitress would offer it. The waiter or waitress just said &quot;tea or coffee&quot;.The room rate was about $100 bed &amp; breakfast. We chose this location because we needed to go to the Eurostar. If you are not fuss about the basic accommodation and did not want to spend too much, this would be an adequate place. There was also free wi-fi. Ask the reception for the password. There were not many eating places around nor shopping. The British Library is nearby and worth a visit. I would recommend turning left (from Argyle St) onto Euston Rd and walk to Totenham Court Rd. Enjoy the window shopping all the way down to Charing Cross &amp; China Town. If you are on a tight budget, you might choose this hotel. However I think there are many others that can offer a better service &amp; location. Unlike the other reviewers we did not meet any friendly or helpful staff.	
Jul 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel for Price	We stayed for three nights with Hotel Alhambra after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. The hotel is in a nice area close to the london metro. We found the staff (run by a family) very pleasant and our room super clean.  The non-ensuite room we had was small (as expected) but its soundproof walls and soft bed made it a perfect refuge at the end of the day. There was free wifi and cable TV in our room, making keeping in touch with the world easy. The bathrooms were literally two doors down the hall from our own, and since there were two toilets and two showers for our floor, we never had to wait to use them. This is the only hotel we have ever booked without an ensuite bathroom, and we didn't miss a thing.The breakfast was incredible- the best we have had in our travels to London! A full English breakfast with coffee/tea was perfect before a long day of site seeing. The staff were super friendly and accommodating (we were able to get breakfast a little early due to our early departure). Overall, we highly recommend this hotel as a superb value for money!	
Jul 5 2008 	Very comfortable	Husband and I stayed here 1 night as we had an early eurostar train next day. The room was very small. Barely room to move around beds, in fact I caught my toe on one of the bed legs and it was sore for several days We have stayed in Kings Cross before in nearby property and room was a much better size. However, the beds at Alhambra were extremely comfortableShower was good. We appreciated tea/coffee making facilities. Breakfast was excellent. and service very quick. The staff were very friendly . Would definately stay here again in spite of sore toe!	
Jun 29 2008 	Great location 	I only stayed at the Alhambra for one night of a 2 week UK vacation, but I must say, it was a very nice hotel with a very helpful staff. The location is excellent--right across from King's Cross station--which was a big draw. The young lady working the front desk actually helped carry our luggage upstairs--something none of the other hotels we stayed in offered to do--which was very nice after a long train trip. The room we had was VERY small--the smallest of all the rooms we had stayed in during our vacation, &amp; the view from the back window not very appealing (a dirty back lot area). On the plus side, the room looked fresh &amp; there were in-room tea &amp; coffee making facilities &amp; also Wi-Fi access--which was also something not available to us at our other hotels. The breakfast room looked nice &amp; they also offer a fully cooked breakfast, which is an added bonus. All in all, a very good deal.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Alhambra for 4 nights at the beginning of our 4 week tour of Europe. The location is great. The rooms a little small, but with good closet space. The breakfast is filling and shower hot. A great place to stay on a budget!	
Jun 20 2008 	Good value friendly staff at the Alhambra	I had room number 11 (across the street in no.20 argyle st) and although it was very small it was comfortable and had a modern lcd tv, tea/coffee making facilities.Breakfast was ok (full english or cereal), but the B&amp;B's strongest point is the friendly staff. The French lady who seems to run the place is particularly nice, as is the chef (whom I suspect to be more than that) who kindly took my key this morning when reception was closed.So if you are in town for a short visit and you're on a budget, you can't go wrong with the Alhambra.Oh, and book directly with them for best prices. They don't take Amex so have another card ready (although there is a 3% charge anyway)	
Jun 18 2008 	A nice hotel perfect for London	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, and it was perfect. The location was excellent, as it was easy to find when coming out of the train station and it was right next to the underground. They sent us across the road to the Argyll, not sure if this is still part of the hotel but it was nice anyway. The room was quite small but with it being just the two if us we didn't need a lot of space. We didn't have an excellent view since we were kind of in the basement but it didn't bother us, we didn't plan on looking out of the window all weekend. You can hear some banging doors and trains passing but it's really not a problem, it won't keep you awake. One thing i liked about the room is that it was very bright and cheerful, and very clean. The bed was quite comfy, and the room had an LCD TV with freeview, which was an added bonus. The staff were very pleasant and breakfast set us up for the day. Overall, it's a lovely hotel in an excellent location. It cost us around 170 each for the 4 nights for an ensuite double room, and although I found other hotels which were a similar price or cheaper, the reviews I had read didn't even compare with the Alhambra, and I see why. I would definitely recommend this hotel, although the small size of the rooms might be a problem for families or large groups of travellers.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Hotel	This is just a great little hotel. It is small, but clean and the people are very friendly.The full English breakfast is very good and if you don't like your eggs in the morning there is toast en a array of cereal you can choose from.Kings Cross and Pancras Station are around the corner so you can take any train or subway from there and you don't have to carry your suitcase all over town ( very good if you are traveling from or to Luton airport)	
May 18 2008 	Budget hotel thats quality	We've stayed in quite a few budget hotels in London and a lot of them are awful. Not the Alhambra though. The hotel is very clean and tidy, that was my first impression. Ok the rooms are not the biggest but there comfortable. One word of caution though. If you stay on the 1st floor the toilets and showers are situated on the 2nd floor but these again are clean and the shower had really nice hot water.One of the best bits about the Alhambra, apart from the 65 per night for a double, is their breakfast. It really is excellent. You can have a full english or continental. As its situated in Kings Cross its near to all the attractions to!	
Apr 26 2008 	Great hotel in hard-to-find-hotel-London!	After a lot of researching to find a decent hotel in London, I managed to find this one..it caught my attention since it was managed by portuguese people, and me being portuguese, I gave it a try and..Yes, it just absolutely great!Ok, the rooms were very small, but when you're in London you're not going to be in the hotel!They were small, but very clean, and the breakfast...to die for!Highly recommended!!!	
Apr 21 2008 	great location great people	My family and I first stayed here on holiday three years ago. Since then I've stayed here on business trips when needing a cheap, cheerful place to sleep . It's not a multi-star business hotel, of course - no phones in the rooms (although who uses those now when we all have mobiles anyway?) The owners clearly love their work and go out of their way to make their guests as comfortable as possible. Breakfasts are good - indeed reviews of thier breakfasts on TripAdvisor helped us make the original decision to stay here. It's a great location, and getting better; the Eurostar terminal one minute's walk away, a quiet street, and I've noticed fewer drunks in the street in the evenings than when we first stayed, the local authorities are cleaning the area up. The price isn't rock bottom but it's far and away the best value I've found in London. I was happy to stay with my wife and teenage daughters here three eyars ago (don;t get me wrong about the drunks in the street) and find the smaller single rooms just as good.	
Apr 18 2008	Loved the Alhambra Hotel	I have just returned from traveling to Europe with my 82 year old grandmother. We stayed at the hotel numerous times during our trip - while sightseeing in London, when returning from visiting family up north, and again when returning from Paris. It was an excellent stay. The location was perfect for us. It is only a block from King's Cross, Euston and St. Pancras Stations. The rooms were very clean and the breakfast was wonderful. The owners were very kind to us, and very helpful. They tried to always give us a room on one of the lower floors, so my grandmother wouldn't have to climb very many stairs. They also called a taxi for us when needed, and let us keep our suitcases there after checkout time. The rooms are small, but we expect that in Europe. The price and location were excellent. Most importantly, it was clean. I would definately stay here again. There are some pubs right around the corner and other restaurants nearby.Lisa Hegg	
Apr 9 2008 	London the Second Time Around	We arrived at the Alhambra Hotel very early after our overseas flight, around 7:30 am. They were in the middle of serving breakfast, but still took the time to make us feel welcome, allowing us to put our bags in our room before it was cleaned. When we came back from our &quot;pinch me, I'm in London&quot; walk around noon, the room was cleaned and ready for our 2 hour nap. The room was spare, but clean and serviceable, just as we expected from other reviews. The limited space is really not a problem in a city like London, where you tend to be very busy with sightseeing all day, every day. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The breakfasts were filling and tasty. The location couldn't have been better. We took the First Capital Connect train from Gatwick and departed at St. Pancras, a stone's throw from the hotel and half the price of the Gatwick Express. The tube entrance is a block away with quick access to the rest of London. I doubt if there are too many better options at this price in this great city.	
Apr 7 2008 	Book This Adorable Place!!	If - you want to share a room with someone for a CHEAP rate in London, this is the place. We are a couple who shared the room, and we had everything we needed for a private space, simple accomodation, modest living, bathroom SHARED across the hallway. Who needs a private bathroom anyway when you barely spend ANY time in the hotel, only just before and after bedtime.If - you need something close to PANCRAS Station or King's Cross Tube, this is the place. We saved all the time in the world by arriving, dropping our things down, and not wasting a second to get out to discover the city. To catch an EARLY morning departure from London, this was two steps from the station, and we woke up a half an hour before leaving.Breakfast (7 to 9 am) is a stellar introduction to a typical English breakfast; with an egg, sausage, ham, beans, plenty of toast, varied jams, orange juice, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate; or, the choice of a continental breakfast (assorted box cereals, muesli granola, weetabox). The staff is so welcoming and helpful, such as when we had to leave at six am, we were still offered fresh coffee and tea to-go with the early-rising staff member who let us into the dining area before it even opened.	
Mar 21 2008 	I recommend this place !	First time in London, so I cannot compare with others ! Compare to continental hotels the room is not that large ! But, everything is in it. If we would have to stay in the room for an evening ...thats not very confortable, but a stay in London doesn't take place in a hotel room !For a french speaking people it is a rest to have french at breakfast !!! If I would come back in London (and I will ...) this hotel will be my first choice.	
Mar 20 2008	I would recommend the Alhambra to my best friend	I have been staying at the Alhambra every time I go to London for the last seven yearsit is always clean and the Valottti family always friendly and helpfulvery good value for moneyBeryl Martyn	
Mar 17 2008	lovely breakfast.	Hotel very clean, hosts very friendly, let us leave luggage there for the day because we had to check out at 11am. beautiful breakast, child friendly....will be going back very soon .....	
Jan 27 2008 	Excellent Value Hotel	The Alhambra Hotel is situated about 30 metres down Argyle Street, directly opposite St Pancras Station, and coming from Leicester into St Pancras couldn't have been more convenient.My partner and I stayed at the hotel 22nd and 23rd January 08. Staff at the reception were friendly and efficient. Our room was in a building across the street. The room was clean with a narrow en-suite bathroom containing a toilet and fibre glass cubicle shower, both worked fine. The basin was in the main part of the room which also contained a double and single bed and melamine bedroom furniture. There was a small kettle with tea, coffee and UHT pots of milk. Breakfast was in the basement of the main hotel across the road between 7 and 9am. The breakfast room was clean and bright with very efficient service. Breakfast consisted of orange juice, choice of cereals, a full english breakfast (bacon, egg, sausage, beans and tomato) which was very well cooked, toast and a choice of tea or coffee. We were offered more toast and tea/coffee.Any negatives? Not really, my partner would have liked 2 towels instead of the one each supplied (one for her hair) and semi skimmed UHT milk pots rather than full fat.For 41.50 per night each, the Alhambra was an excellent base for us to explore London from and we would stay there again.	
Jan 15 2008 	very good hotel great place	Stayed there with my friend 3 nights in 08/01. The hotel is clean, personn are very sympatics, breakfast is great. Our room is tiny but if it's just for sleeping. Great place. This hotel is very good for the price.	
Jan 7 2008 	Very clean and very nice localization!	Stayed there with my husband for 8 nights in december 2007. The hotel is very clean, with towels replaced everyday, with clean bathrooms (we had room without bathroom inside) and a very good english breakfast. It's located a few meters from King's Cross/St Pancreas station, so we had the underground and trains very near us and there are a lot of buses either.	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved the Breakfast!	Pros: The English Breakfast! Very close to the Tube stop, staff are extremely friendly, close to restaurants/pubsCons: The rooms are small, no elevators.	
Oct 18 2007 	what a nce stay	my husband and I were looking for somewhere to stay for one night only as a stop off on our way to a few days in brighton. We have stayed in the area before and where unable to book into the usual B&amp;B but found the Alhambra on the net. Once I checked the trip advisor and read the many positive comments I booked. we were not disappointed. The room was a double en-suite which was very clean and large enough for the two of us. The staff were very helpful from the moment we booked in to the time we checked out and allowed us to leave our suitcase to collect later in the day. The breakfast was more than enough to set us up for the day, and when served was very hot therefore we assumed was freshly made for each visitor. The Alhambra is within easy reach of Kings Cross station and tube which means London is on the door step. would recomment this hotel and would be the first place i try when visiting London again.	
Sep 11 2007 	Comfortable convenient and friendly	We have now stayed at the Alhambra Hotel on 4 separate visits to London. Our initial visit was prompted by a recommendation in the Lonely Planet Guide, and our subsequent returns have arisen from the pleasant experiences we have had.This is a basic but consistently clean, comfortable and friendly place, reasonably priced by London standards, and convenient to the Tube and St. Pancras (soon to be the terminus for the Eurostar) and attractions such as the British Museum and British Library.I have had no hesitation in recommending it to friends and family and have always found it to be a perfectly decent and satisfactory base while in London. Long may it continue so.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great hotel location has pros and cons	Great hotel, staff very helpful. The breakfast is excelent.The double rooms are not huge but not too small either, and in good shape. Towels are replaced every day, the hot water is good and some rooms have LCD TVs (no cable but BBC is OK).Rooms in the basement are subject to a low rumbling from the metro (Kings Cross station is at the end of the street, some 30 meters away), but it is not a huge problem.The general location, while great because of the proximity to Kings Cross station and St. Pancras, is not very nice, with an assortment of dodgy types and homeless in the main streets (not in front of the hotel). There is very little option of dining or shopping. While staying there, the best option is to take the subway and spend your time elsewhere, but that is not in any way detrimental to the hotel itself. The proximity of such a central subway station more than compensates for the downside of the dodgy neighborhood.I would stay at the Alhambra hotel again and highly recomend it.	
Sep 4 2007 	Superior Budget Hotel- Could not ask for more	The Alhambra Hotel provided me with a truly outstanding experience over a two week stay in London. After reading review after review complaining about small room sizes, I was almost expecting to live in a closet- but my room (Which was located in the annex across the street, the ground floor room facing the street) had a nice big bed, a couple of end tables, a desk, and a wardrobe, and was quite comfortable even when I had other people in the room to chat.The bathroom only had a shower in it, and a toilet facing the shower- it was very small for a bathroom, but I was perfectly comfortable, and the shower worked great. The sink was located outside of the bathroom, next to the desk. There was a TV in the room, but it only got basic cable. Overall, the room was simple, but clean and extremely comfortable.As far as the noise situation goes- there is no room in the Alhambra- at least not in the annex (between my friends and I I had the opportunity to see a room at the back of the annex in the basement, at the back of the annex on the first floor, and at the front of the annex on the ground floor) but frankly- if you want to escape noise in London- you better be ready to shell out more than 60 pounds a night. You do, however, have options as to which noise you want to hear. In the basement, you will hear the tube passing beneath you. Facing the street- you'll hear (surprise) the street, and facing the back of the annex higher up, you will hear the schoolyard of the school next door! Personally, I'd go with the street. It's not very busy, really.The real perk to this hotel, though, is the LOCATION. You are literally 1 minute away from Kings Cross Station, one of the major connection points of the tube line, as well as the national rail services. This made getting around the city a complete breeze- rarely did we need to take a connecting train. This location also provides you with a straight connection to Heathrow- though navigating Kings Cross with giant bags at rush hour is not at all something I recommend.In addition to the location and the budget price of 60 pounds a night, the hotel provides even more perks. Free Wi-fi, if you're in range of the router (ground and first floor were- no luck in the basement) though the connection will go down occasionally. Also, the full English breakfast (coffee, tea, orange juice, toast, baked beans, fried eggs, bacon, and tomato- every day, but after two weeks it still tasted good to me) is really filling and more than the usual cereal/juice option of most London hotels. Though they offer that too.Is it any surprise, after all I've said, that I recommend the Alhambra hotel to anybody looking for a cheap hotel option? I really, wholeheartedly encourage you to pick the Alhambra.	
Sep 3 2007 	Nice place !!	I stayed there for 6 nights in August 2007 in a twin bedroom (without showers and toilets) with my brother and we had a really good time. The staff was really nice and the breakfast was good. The clean towels everyday was a good attention. We havent use the underground once during our stay since everything was within walking distance. Sure the rooms weren't big but it was alright for two. The bathrooms and toilets were always really clean. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 20 2007 	No frills value accomodation	Stayed here for a 3 night stay in June 2007. Mainly chose the accomodation as we were looking for somewhere cheap enough that was well located. It is as well located in london central as you will get without paying a small fortune - across the street from Kings Cross tube station.I had read the reviews beforehand so thought I knew what to expect and we are not fussy travellers who expect much at all. It was a bit of a funny place - to use the word&quot;hotel&quot; is probably stretching it a bit.It is more like a fancy hostel. Every bit of space is used. If you are claustrophic this is not the place for you. The halls and walkways are so narrow that even a skinny person like me was surprised. If you were any way a big person this is not the place for you. When we got into our room,I thought there was no ensuite which I had booked. But what looked like a wardrobe door, led into the ensuite. It was the smallest bathroom I have ever been in. There wasnt room to turn around in it. I'm sure it was a converted closet.The room looked like the pics on the internet - cheap and cheerful looking, small, but adequate. No hairdryers or any other facilities in the rooms either. The place was clean, and no complaints with the staff or the service, The breakfast was also more than fine. It was busy place and booked out the 3 nights we were there. Pick it if you really dont want any frills at all. It is not the place for a romantic trip to london.	
Aug 20 2007 	terribile!!	I have booked this holel for 11 nights in august this year based on the positive feedback and we hade an orrible surprice.1)we booked the hotel alahmbra but they put us in the argyle hotel opposite to the street2) Mr. miguel and mrs valoti are very rude3)dispite the fact we were on honymoon and we stayed there 11 nights they put us in the lower room (-1 floor.room 17) -very awfal room, dirty and small with a very very thiny batroom. we cold not move inthe room and in the night we could not sleep due to the fact that we heard everything from above and near room.4)we heard all the people walking inthe rooms upsters going to the bathroom or walking, we heard everything because the wall are very thin.we stayed there only 3 night sbecause we could not sleep, ( i wanted to leave the first night but they wer e going to charge us for the not advise), and likely i found the Mabledon court hotel NEAR THEM, where i had WONDERFUL STAY. The people there are exrtremnely kind, they but us in a top large room with garden view and WITHOUT NOISE. WE SLEPT all the nights in peace.P.s. the breakfast at ALAHABRA IS NOT huge, the huge one is at MABLEDON COURT HOTEL, IN MABLEDON STREET.At alahmabra mrs valoti claimed that i have taked 1 little box of corn flakes dispite the fact that we had ordered english breakfast.i did not know.atMABLEDON the buffet was huge there were youguttyh, fruits, cornflakes,chese, etc... while at alhanbra there was only cornflackes.	
Aug 18 2007 	Small nice and cleah hotel	I was induced to book at Alhambra hotel thanks to the generally positive comments on TripAdvisor, but just before the holiday I was bit scared by the latest opinions.Nevertheless my experience there has been positive: we booked a double room with en-suite toilet and shower. We had to change room in the middle of our stay, but this condition was clearly stated already in the booking confirmation. Moreover the 3% charge when paying with credit cards was present both on the website and in the confirmation.Both rooms were small and not very soundproof, but definitely exteremely clean: at ground floor light vibrations caused by the tube trains could be perceived. Mattresses were comfortable, and towels were changed daily. Hotel staff was always very nice and polite. Breakfast could be either English or continental, we tested and liked both options.Finally the location was ideal: the nearest King's Cross tube station exit is 50 meters away from the hotel door, and we never felt to be unsafe.	
Aug 7 2007 	Small Bright 	We booked the Alhambra for our one night stop over before flying home. We booked it for the price and the easy access to the tube. It's extremely easy to find and we had no problem going from Waterloo/Eurostar station to King's Cross with our luggage. We were very surprised as to how close it actually was to the tube station. Check-in was quick and easy and we appreciated being able to check-in early. We dropped our bags off quicky and hit the city for the rest of the day.Room was on the small side and we had booked a room with no shower or toilet. They were very close by and we got very little noise from others in the hotel. Room had a very large window which we kept open for some venilation. The room was very, very clean. I inspected the mattress which did not appear to be old. There was no sag and everything was clean and there was a whiff of cleaner in the air. Room was a bit overstocked with furniture for its size. The bed is small though--it is a double and was placed in the corner so it can be a struggle for 2 people. I believe we were in room 7 which was up a flight of stairs. The seperate toilet and shower down the short steps were very clean and I had no issues with them. This was our first experience with this and we had no complaints.Breakfast in the morning was good and service was with a smile. The only time we encountered a bit of a problem was when we asked the younger man working the desk what time Harrods closed, he replied with &quot;I have no idea&quot;. It was 5PM at the time and we didn't want to go all the way there if they were closing soon. He offered us no help at all and no suggestions. It was extremely off putting as it was the only help we had asked them for. Other than that, the older woman who was normally at the desk was always friendly and smiling to us.We booked directly with the hotel via email and each email was answered quickly.Would I stay here again? I would if we needed budget accomadations and if it were a short stay. I think we got our moneys worth as hotels in London are extremely expensive. We've stayed at two budget accomadations in London now and I would take this place over the one we stayed at last year, the London Elizabeth which was awful.	
Aug 2 2007	Meeting London	In my first trip to London i had the privilege to stay in Alhambra Hotel with my wife and i could't choose better, as i am from Portugal, and didn't knew the city, the location helped me a lot, it큦 near the Kings Cross Station and close to all tourist attractions, the english breakfeast was very nice, richer than we are used to, and other thing that i liked was that the rooms were always very clean, the staff was always very helpful and friendly. i won't hesitate to come back again. I sincerelly recommend wohever wants to visit London to stay in Alhambra Hotel.Thanks for the beautiful holidays i had.	
Jul 24 2007 	Excellent hotel with excellent service!!	This hotel was fantastic! It is right near Kings Cross train and Tube station. There is a train direct from Gatwick Airport to Kings Cross, which is nice and convenient, and being near a Tube station in London, means you're near all the sights and attractions, no matter which Tube station it is. It is a highly efficient means of transport. The hotel was clean, and my room, on the top floor, was quiet. I had my own shower, but shared toilet, but had no problems with this. The service and the people working at this hotel are what make it exceptional, in my opinion. I arrived without my backpack. The family, who runs this hotel, were kind enough to to repeatedly call the Baggage Claims at the aiport to find out about the status on my bags. Despite the fact that we never did manage to actually speak to someone over the course of the two days we kept trying to call, they kept calling for me. When the bag actually did arrive, the night before I was leaving this hotel, Bruno actually hauled it up 4 flights of stairs for me! Sonia, Bruno and Martine are just fantastic people and I cannot recommend this hotel enough, because the staff is outstanding!!The breakfast was fantastic, and a good way to start your day! Within walking distance to the British Musem and the British Library (where they have a copy of the Magna Carta and many other amazing documents).I highly recommend this hotel!!	
Jul 11 2007 	Warning: BED BUGS	i don't know who is posting all the good comments about this dive but our experience was the worst ever. the room was so miserable, tiny, dark and moist. our double bed was broken, the mattress was so old it was like sleeping on a piece of cardboard but to make things even worse...we woke up in the middle of the night (after our long haul from australia) covered in red spots. all over and incredibly itchy. we switched the light on and to our horror....little black bugs scurrying everywhere on the mattress.we went downstairs, no one was there. stayed around till someone arrived at 630am and showed her my body covered in these red bumps. i was 70% covered with them. they did not want to refund our money and when we wanted to check out it was before our 4 day booking so we had to pay for those nights but we were not going to stay, paid it anyway and vowed to write this on tripadvisor. i am still recovering from thse spots, the tiny brown scars they left are only just going away.	
Jun 21 2007 	Excellent place to stay and super convenient!	I booked the hotel a few weeks before arriving in London and the woman taking the reservations was very friendly and cheerful. I was a little worried at first about booking a place near King's Cross because of the many rumors I've heard about it being an &quot;undesireable&quot; area, and with just me and my 5 year old traveling, I thought about spending a little more ina known, safer area, BUT with money tight, I booked the Alhambra. When we got there, it was not at all the &quot;undesirable&quot; area that I had imagined. It was safe to walk out at night and it literally is just a hop, skip and a jump to King's Cross - St. Pancras station (where you can take six different ines to wherever you want to go in London and the outskirts). There's a Burger King a few feet away from the hotel for those who crave American fast food, but I would go with the scrumptious fish and chips place not too far from the hotel. It's a bit of a walk, but not a hike, and well worth it!The staff at Alhambra Hotel were very kind and friendly. The rooms are very clean and although small, it's big enough to feel comfortable in, especially if you're only there to sleep. The only downside is that there are no elevators (lifts), so if you ge a room on the third floor (like we did), then it's a hike. I had injured my knee not long before the trip, so it was excrutiating. Morning of the third day there, I gave up and told the hotel staff about my injury and he worked to find us a first-floor room. The place was fully booked but I got lucky and got a room that evening! The English breakfastis the same every morning - eggs over easy, bacon, sausage, beans and toast, but it was really good! I certainly didn't mind having it everyday! There is also cereal for those who prefer to eat light in the morning. The hotel really has a family-run atmosphere and my son and I really loved it there. One day, when we scrape up enough to go back to England, we'll be staying at the Alhambra again!	
May 30 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again	We stayed at Alhambra Hotel based on the reviews posted on this site. We were given a room across the street at the Argyle. The room was a queen with shower and sink and there was a shared toilet outside our room. I expected basic, but not shabby. It was a dark, dank, tiny room. The linens &amp; carpet were worn and outdated. The shower was not big enough to shave in. The shared bathroom was right outside our room and we could hear everyone and everything in it. I understand budget and that is what we were looking for, but I believe you'll find something better for the same price at the travelodge or Comfort Inn. I would compare Alhambra to some of the hostels I have stayed in. It wasn't a comfortable place to come home to after a long day of sight-seeing. The breakfast and breakfast room are good. As well as the location to the tube. Other than that I'd pass.	
May 30 2007 	Exceptionally clean	We enjoyed our two night stay in this exceptionally clean B &amp; B. The breakfast was good, the service friendly and clean towels every day a bonus. Taxis were booked and arrived as we needed them. The only thing we would have liked was being able to make tea/coffee in the rooms. Otherwise, highly recommended for a short stay.	
May 29 2007 	Great Experience	I stayed at the Alhambra hotel for 3 nights this past week and must say that the previous reviews are on target. I was pleased to see that cleanliness was not compromised for the affordable rates as it is quite high on my list of must-haves. I stayed in a single room on the top floor. The shower and toilet were on the same floor and maintained in good condition. The room was cleaned daily and a clean towel provided. The breakfast in the AM was very satisfying; cereal, toast, OJ and a pot of coffee/tea for those of us who like the continental breky. An English breky is also an option. The coffee was nice and strong as it should be ;-)There are no phones in the rooms but messages are delivered very quickly should anyone call for you at the office. Couldn't ask for a better location. Located a block across from Kings Cross train station which is a major hub for getting around London and the outskirts.	
May 24 2007 	Clean and practical --- not glamorous	Not a glamorous hotel by any means. The rooms and hallways are small and the shared showers and toilets are not on every floor. However, the place was very clean, everything worked and the staff were all nice to deal with. The location (directly opposite St Pancras station) made it easy to get about the city. Nights were quite noisy (we were on the first floor and over looked the street) but that goes with the busy location. Rooms higher up or on the rear of the hotel would be quieter I guess.A good, practical hotel if you are wanting a clean and comfortable place to sleep and good value for London.The National Library is a couple of hundred metres from the hotel and British museum and Russell square are a pleasant walking distance.	
May 16 2007	good location	Stayed here last week for two nights. Although the room was on the top floor (no lifts) it was clean, comfortable and spacious with fresh towels being provided daily. Breakfast served over the road was good and set us up well for a day of sightseeing - full English provided as well as Continental- (the most delicious porridge served with honey and cinammon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) Staff friendly and helpful. Only criticism would be tha it was not possible to have both cereal and cooked breakfast. Handy for tube etc.	
Apr 15 2007 	great choice for short stay	Stayed in the Alhambra for one night with my sister last week while on a short break in London. We booked a twin, ensuite room for one night. We were accommodated in the Argyle Hotel directly across the road from the Alhambra itself. The very pleasant girl who checked us in referred to it as the annexe. Breakfast was served in the dining room of the Alhambra. Our room was spotlessly clean and airy. We were assigned a triple room for two so we had very adequate space.It might be a tight squeeze for three people staying for a long period or for those with lots of luggage.The breakfast was very substantial, freshly cooked and produced in a very short time. We did not leave London until 5pm that evening and it was great to leave our bags in the breakfast room while we were out and about.This hotel was exactly what we wanted for our short stay and represented very good value for money. I reckon many others think likewise as the hotel was full. We paid 70 for the room booked via the hotel website. We recieved a very clear map detailing directions to the hotel with our confirmation email. I would recommend this hotel to others and have no hesitation staying there again.	
Apr 10 2007 	Exactly As Advertised	Prior to the internet I don't know how anyone ever booked a hotel in Europe without getting a &quot;Fawlty Towers&quot; experience. With the plethora of reviews on the internet these days there is no excuse to end up in a bad hotel in a bad location. All it takes is some time and due diligence and anyone can find a nice hotel that meets their needs.My wife and I stayed at the Alhambra Hotel in London for four nights at the end of March 2007. If you are looking for the Ritz-Carlton at the Alhambra, you better look elsewhere. However, if you are looking for a clean, budget friendly hotel in a good location, look no further than the Alhambra. We really enjoyed our stay at the Alhambra. Being from the US, we had a hard time coming to grips with how absurdly small our room was, but from what we understand, almost all hotels in London are like this. However, the room was very tidy, cleaned every day and they provided fresh towels every day. The bed was very firm, but comfortable and plenty long enough even for me and I am 6'2&quot; tall. We had a sub-street level room, but we never felt unsafe and only a couple of times were we disturbed by noise on the street.Another positive of the Alhambra is the location. It is about 4 blocks from the Thameslink Station which connects to Gatwick Airport via First Capitol Connect. It is also about one block from the King's Cross/St. Pancras Underground Station which connects to just about every Underground line in London. This made it very easy to get around London and to all major tourist attractions. While some people think the area is somewhat dodgy we never had any problems.A third positive was the full English Breakfast that came with the room. It was delicious and very filling and a great way to start the day while enjoying some tea and reading the paper.While our overall experience was very positive, there are a few issues some travelers may need to consider before staying at the Alhambra. The first is there are no elevators/lifts in the hotel. If you are elderly, handicapped, or travel with lots of luggage, this could present a problem. The second was with the bathroom in our room. It was so small there was almost no room between the toilet and the sink. For larger, elderly or handicapped persons this may present a problem. Also the mirror above the sink was about chest high for me so I had to lean over to the side to shave or comb my hair. Finally, the shower had very little water pressure and the water out of the shower head hit me below the chest, which made it somewhat diffifcult to wash my hair.Due to our research on Trip Advisor and other web sites, we knew about these few negatives so we were not shocked when we got to our room.My overall experience at the Alhambra was very positive. As this was our first trip to London we sort of expected the worst, but were very happy there. If you are looking for an affordable B&amp;B in London, do not hesitate to book the Alhambra, but do know there are some negatives with the rooms.	
Apr 5 2007 	great hotel	i've stayed 1 night at alhambra hotel the 2 of april 2007.i was in room 21 in argyle hotel part of alhambra, it's the building in front of alhambra hotel.the room is at the ground floor, just on left of the entrance.the room was veeeeeeryyyyyyyyyyyy clean! nice, not enormous but enough space ...a normal room for london standard.the toilet was tiny but no problems at all. an ok shower.the hotel is very close to st. pancreas as you an see in my pic. so very close to underground. the street is quiet , only hotels.breakfast room is on the alhambra part : it is excellent (and huge) if you want english breakfast, i confirm the pics of previous reviewers. a bit poor for continental breakfast: only cereals and toast with jam. but ok.very kind personal, i asked for 2 slices of bacon instead of a sausage and no problems at all.only a little problem for the room: the roof of my room was thin so i can hear perfectly every step of people above. but i think that that day people above were...very huge persons! ;-)no complaints at all. a nice, great hotel.i'll come back for sure!!!	
Mar 28 2007 	Great breakfast!	The hotel lies very close to King's Cross S:t Pancras underground station so it is easy to access from airport or train. It is central London so the nights are not quiet, lots police cars and ambulances, but that what you can expect i central London.The rooms are small but coosy and contains what you need, a clean comfortable bed, water zink, closett and TV.Cleaning is excellent, bed is made everyday and fresh towels on the bed every afternoon.Toilets and showers are clean and in good working order.Breakfast i continental or english, if you take the later on no lunch is neede until 3 pm. Very nice!The staff is cheerful, nice and service minded. Always availelble when you need them.Summary: A small, quite cheap hotel in central London with excellent service and facilities and close to underground station. Well worth a stay.	
Mar 15 2007	Pleasant Helpful Clean Value for Money.	Travelling to London for the first time alone can be a daunting experience, especialy if you are stuck with the hotel from hell. Fortunately I booked the Alhambra Hotel in St Pancras/Kings Cross. A very simple booking process through their website ensured I had the room of my choice and the map directions provided with my confirmation e-mail proved very handy in finding the hotel, especially as I had no previous knowledge of London streets.A warm welcome and directions to my single room on the top floor led me to a tiny attic room with a wardrobe, sink, 3/4 size bed, dresser, chair and tv.Basic but very clean, soap and a towel were provided, but I was glad to have taken the advice of a previous reviewer and took a towel of my own as only one was provided. The bed was very comfortable but only 2 hangers were provided so it might be beneficial to pack some if staying for a long time.Breakfast was very good, again if there is anything you don't like they will substitute it for something else. Clean, bright surroundings to eat in, which is surprising as you are in the basement. I didn't feel self-conscious eating alone, although I found it was strange that they only have tables set for 4, if the room was busier I would have had to share a table.The location was a stones throw from the tube station and easy to find. A variety of take away food outlets are in the surrounding area, but surprisingly this does not lead to a disrupted nights sleep.Overall I highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling alone or as a couple, looking for some cheap accommodation whilst staying in London who prefer to spend their money on other things when holidaying. I am planning another trip back in May and will have no hesitation in booking the Alhambra again.	
Feb 15 2007 	Pleasant experience	I have just returned from a one night stay in this hotel and I got a pleasant surprise. It was excellent value for money. The room was small but adequate with a sink, toilet and shower. The beds were clean and comfortable. It was a little noisy with the tubes at night but this was to be expected and wasn't a great problem. It has an excellent location just 20 mins in the underground to the centre of London and close to all major attractions.The full English breakfast we got on our day of departure was fantastic,it set us up for the day. We were able to leave our luggage in the hotel to collect before we left for home which was great. All in all it was a great stay and we will definately go back next time we are in London.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great For a Budget Trip	Stayed here for a saturday night 3/2/07..Arrived at 9.30 am expecting to store our bags for the day while we went off to explore the big smoke...But No they gave us a room straight away!!!!!! The room was small but adequate had TV, sink, wardrobe, and double bed..what more do you want for 45 and you get Breky in the morning...(FULL ENGLISH!!) area is great easy to get anywhere by tube, a minutes walk away and the neighbourhood seemed fine even at midnight when we ambled back..They even stored our bags on the sunday after we checked out so we could explore some more..Very Good Value..The Ritz it aint A BARGAIN it is!!!!!!	
Feb 6 2007	Makes You feel right at home!	I have Just booked for Yet another stay at this very pleasent hotel. Nothing can beat this hotel when it comes to value for money. A friendly atmosphere, very clean rooms and a super english breakfast - all for a very favourable prize - makes this my first choice for a stay in London. Although in a busy part of the town, the small street is surprisingly quiet and very pleasant. Just now the confirmation on my reservation came trough. Looking forward to the Valoti family's hospitality again! A happy traveller from Bergen, Norway.	
Feb 1 2007 	A great find	The Alhambra absolutely lives up to what it advertises. Clean, pleasant rooms; excellent breakfast; very friendly staff and management. Ideal location to get to just about anywhere easily. I was in a very quiet and peaceful room and really enjoyed my 4 nights. My son and husband came after christmas for a short break and I was confident that they would be absolutely fine here - and they were.	
Jan 20 2007 	Alll you need when staying in London	This hotel was perfect for our needs in London, Our room was small but we didn't come here to spend our time in our room, it had a sink, a soft bed, tv, and it was clean.Good English breakfast to start the day. Close to the Underground and train station. And a very nice staff. My only complaint would have been that the one of the showers didn't have hot water. Other than that great for the price.	
Jan 17 2007	Wonderful small hotel in London!	This was a great place! The hotel is just steps away from the Euston Rd entrance of King's Cross. We walked over and asked how we should get our enormous number of bags over there, and staff advised us just to borrow a trolley from the station. We were certainly a sight - 4 huge bags, 2 backpacks, and a baby! - but we made it. The hotel is a great location for transport options all around - we hopped on and off the Tube for the whole trip, and this is a safe, comfortable neighbourhood. Lots of restaurant options around (even though we couldn't enjoy the pubs with our baby).The double ensuite room itself was small but very clean &amp; comfortable. Luckily we were placed on the ground floor of the Argyle Hotel extension (across the street), and we managed to fit the 3 of us plus the bags no problem. The shower was tiny but worked very well.The breakfast was excellent, and everyone was very friendly. We will definitely stay here again! Two thumbs up.Johanna	
Jan 15 2007 	Friendly and welcoming	Stayed with my grandson in July 06. Clean and airey twin ensuite room with comfortable beds. Asked for extra pillows and they arrived within 10mins. Breakfast was in the hotel opposite and there was a good selection of starters. We both had full English and were very satisfied. Would recomend and gladly stay again.	
Dec 21 2006 	Just Perfect	My wife and I are frequent budget travellors and we come to London often. We decided to try a different hotel in Kings Cross this October (2006) and opted for the Alhambra (which was cheaper than some others on the road).We went with measured expectation of our en-suite double and were very pleasently surprised. The room was small but very clean, the bed was small too but very clean and the matress was obviously new.The location being Kings Cross (we usually stay here) was excellent transport wise though there was a bit of construction going on. I suppose that would effect all the hotels in the area though.The final thing was the breakfast. FANTASTIC! Full english and fully cooked. A perfect way to start our days of trudging around london!We will defintely stay here again.	
Dec 12 2006 	It must have been us...	I booked this hotel due to the great reviews on this website, and I can see that this trend has continued, so I'm thinking we must have missed something. My husband and I stayed here in July and had a very bad experience, and I must tell you that we are not high maintenance in the least. We arrived from the airport late in the evening, using the tube, which was extremely crowded making it very awkward carrying all our luggage. We emerged from the Euston station to find loud road construction all around, ratty convenience stores/check cashing places, and some drunk street people mixed in with the young, tough crowd that was walking around the area. We found our way to the hotel and dragged our luggage up the stairs into the &quot;lobby&quot;. The first sight we were greeted with was a young man in just his boxer shorts asking the front desk for an extra key to his room as his &quot;mate&quot; had passed out in their room, and he could not get in. The front desk man, a young, smarmy, winking fellow, checked us in, gave us our key, and pointed out the window across the street to the Argyle hotel where we would find our room. Strange to have our room be in the Argyle hotel, when we booked the Alhambra (although I can see that has happened to several other people, and it does not seem to have bothered them). We made our way over to the room (again dragging luggage up stairs) to find a tiny, drab, hot, but clean and tidy room, with a miniscule bathroom. The small shower stall had cracked tiles, stained floor, and a hair in it. We were hot and exhausted, and were so disappointed when we laid on the mattress to find it worn and uneven. We wanted to open the window to let in precious air (opening the window was a project in itself) but it did not feel safe, as the window opened right onto the street (scary) and it was noisy....the street construction continued until 3:00 in the morning. We barely slept all night between the heat, noise, and uncomfortable mattress....what a way to start our vacation! We spent the next morning hoofing around to see if there were openings at other hotels nearby (some of them cute ones that I had seen on this website.....but I had booked the Alhambra instead trying to get a bargain!). All were kind, and looked comfortable, but did not have sufficient vacancy for us. We finally came upon the Premier Travel Inn, which is a chain/Holiday Inn type hotel, which thankfully could accommodate us. Now to deal with the front desk at Alhambra. We were treated very rudely. When we explained our situation to the owner (the matriarch of the family, I assume), she became quite angry. She agreed with us that the all night street construction was very noisy, but said it was not her fault (which we realize it wasn't, but we simply couldn't stay there and not get any sleep). When we commented on the mattress and the fact that we couldn't safely get any air, she accused us of making these things up. After asking us to step aside to talk to other customers (who spoke French) and some more argument, she did agree to cancel the rest of our reservation and not charge us. I took one of the business cards from the front desk thinking that I might send her a note of appreciation and further explanation after we got home, but she snapped at me to put it back saying something like &quot;you do not like it here, why would you take a card?&quot;, and kept saying it over and over. Very strange and unnerving. We were glad to leave there and go to the comfortable and friendly Premier Travel Inn, even if it did cost more. Unfortunately, we were exhausted for our first day of sightseeing in London.I must admit we did go down for breakfast at the Alhambra before we checked out, and it was hot and tasty. We felt we deserved it after the night we had.	
Dec 1 2006 	too much noise and no sound insulation	The rooms were clean and the breakfasts substantial. Access to the tube was brilliant, as was access to the best south indian restaurant in London - Chutneys - in Drummond StreetBUT We stayed 2 nights and got hardly any sleep at all. The fire doors banged really loud each time they closed (which was often) and because there was only ?plywood? between the rooms we could have taken part in the conversations of the men in the next room - and the conversations lasted all night! Between floors was no better, a chap on the floor above coughed constantly all night.Perhaps we were unlucky, but just in case ....take some ear plugs!Also, there was a surcharge for using a credit card, which we were't told about when we booked	
Oct 28 2006 	Delicious Breakfast	This was a great value hotel. The location was excellent - super close to the subway and to the station for north bound trains. The breakfast was spectacular - full English breakfast but they modified it on request (I got two rashers of bacon instead of sausages). The rooms were tiny - but well equipped. We shared a toilet and shower with other floors. Everything was clean and comfortable and I would say the Alhambra is excellent value for your money.	
Oct 17 2006 	overall good experiance	stayed in a quad, triple, double room all in one week. the quad was tiny with an even smaller bathroom which almost made us shift out. but glad we stayed bcos the triple with 3 single beds and seperate shower and toilet was great and so was the double. the valotis who run the place were very helpful, english breakfast was good (if u made it before 9 a.m) or they let u take cereal/juice back to ure room :) super clean white sheets, location was fab-really few mins walk from kings cross st and felt safe with people around till late night. overall good value for money.	
Oct 11 2006 	great value!	I booked a single room here for four nights based solely on the reviews I read on TripAdvisor.com. I wasn't disappointed!I only wanted a bare-bones room, and I was willing to share a toilet and shower with others in order to reduce costs. My main concern was getting a clean hotel with helpful employees. I'm kind of amazed that I got all that--plus breakfast--for 35 pounds a night. And on top of that, the hotel was only a block from the King's Cross tube station! The neighborhood was far from glamorous, but it never felt unsafe to me, even after dark. Besides, with the tube station being so close, time spent in the King's Cross neighborhood was limited. It's not like I had to walk for 20 minutes through the area just to get to the tube.Because I arrived at the hotel a few hours before check-in began, my room wasn't ready yet. They allowed me to stash my suitcase in the office while I went sight-seeing, and when the room was ready, they went ahead and took my bag up there for me, so it was waiting for me when I returned. That was a nice touch.My room was small, but very clean. It was tidied every day while I was gone; at that time I was also given a fresh towel and fresh linens. The bed was more comfortable than I expected it to be, and I was happy to have a sink and a TV in my room.The shared toilet and shower cubicles were quite small as well, but both were always clean.Breakfast was surprisingly filling. I could choose between a continental breakfast (eggs, sausage, etc) or cereal and toast. Service was very fast and friendly. The dining area isn't huge, so I did have to share a table one day with another guest, but that didn't bother me.The hotel was pleasantly quiet when I was there. Sometimes I'd hear doors slam, but there were no issues with loud TVs, loud voices, etc. And although I slept with my window open every night, I wasn't bothered by outside noises. I heard some sirens and occasionally I heard the traffic, but it was nothing disruptive. (But then again, I was on the top floor, which may have muted the traffic noises. And my apartment is on busy road, so I've gotten good at tuning out traffic noises.)The only drawbacks:1) The toilet on my floor was very difficult to flush. I think it was either broken or close to breaking.2) I don't know if this was the case for all their showers, but the water pressure in my shower was awful. My hair's thick, so it took ages to wash all the shampoo out of it!3) There's an added charge for paying by credit card.Other things to consider:1) The hallways and stairwells are rather narrow, and there is no elevator, so if you've got a lot of luggage, you might have trouble maneuvering your bags.2) The hotel only provides one towel, so make sure you pack a wash rag and a shampoo towel (if you use them).Honestly, I had a great experience at the Alhambra and I'd stay there again in a heartbeat. Unlike many budget hotels, it's owned and operated by a single family; I wasn't dealing with anonymous hotel employees who hate their jobs and therefore feel nothing but apathy toward their guests. The owners weren't nameless and faceless--they were the ones checking me in and out, cleaning my room, serving me breakfast. And they did so in a way that was warm and polite.	
Sep 24 2006 	just fine	We stayed here for 3 nights. The room we had was very small, but the bed was nice and the shower as well. The toilet was outside the room, but the corridor was very small as well so we had the toilet right around the corner. The rooms are cleaned every day and the english breakfast is very good. Yes the rooms are small, but what do you expect for this price? The beds are comfy and everything is clean, so what more do you need? You are out all day anyway probably. I will stay here again!	
Aug 30 2006 	Nice hotel	After reading the mostly positive reviews I settled on this hotel. I stayed there July 25-28, 2006. Check in was really quick and I was taken to their other hotel across the street - Argyle. My room was double room ensuite on the street level, facing street. The room was very clean and perfect for me, although it might feel a bit tight for 2 people with large bags. Towels and toiletries were changed every day. I stayed there during the week of the heatwave, and it was rather uncomfortable as there was no air-con. I spoke to management about the heat but we were all suffering together and there didn't seem to be much that could be done. Having said that does not imply they were unhelpful; they were. My shower door would not close completely and I told them on my way out one day. When I came back it was fixed and they checked later with me if it was all right. Also, there were no phones in the room (although there was a telecom, which didn't work), and they would come and get me each time I had a call in the office. It was a bit incovenient being across the street, but I appreciated that they went to the trouble at all and not just insist on taking messages when they knew I was in. As the Kings Cross area is usually busy, I expected some noise from that end at night, but I had no problems from that end as the street was quiet. However, the noise arrived next door (the next night) thanks to some construction going on all night! A van would pull up and as my window was right close to the street I was privy to every sound: tools, conversation, banging doors, the like. This went on for about two nights. My first night was quiet, so this was a bit of surprise. I did ask for another room but the hotel was fully booked for the rest of my stay. I had the breakfast twice, which was fine and filling. Heatwave and construction noise woes notwithstanding, I'm likely stay here again if I need to be in the Kings Cross area, as was the case this time. I would ask for a room on a higher floor and facing the back, though. The location is great - very easy to get everywhere on the tube from Kings Cross/St. Pancras St. The staff is very friendly and I liked that they kept an eye out for me as I was travelling alone.	
Aug 6 2006 	Nightmarish...	We (2 people) had planned to stay in London for 2 nights and we booked a room there having read the encouraging reviews above. I must say we went all the way from Liverpool (where the hotel was perfect) and as soon as we got there it was... nightmarish.We had booked a &quot;superior double&quot; room. What would a &quot;standard&quot; room have looked like??? There was just enough room for the bed (supposed to welcome 2 people, good joke), two little furnitures for the clothes, a washstand and a tiny shower (with toilets outside). I didn't have room to put my suitcase! Plus a few webs on the ceiling, plus the light and the TV not working... Also the room was across the street, so we had to get out and go downstairs for the breakfast.On top of that, parking the car was impossible : not free of course but you have to move it after 2 hours of time. The only solution we had to avoid the congestion tax was to park the car behind King Cross' Station (44 for one day and a half...)Not forgetting a noisy building and area, I think the price of 60 a night - breakfast included - is VERY expensive...	
Aug 5 2006 	Good and bad	Stayed for almost a week in a double ensuite room.PLUS+ bathroom is bigger than another B&amp;B down the same street+ check-in was quick and pleasant+ great location+ TVMINUS- breakfast was EITHER full English breakfast OR cereal. At other places, we could have the full English breakfast AND cereal- water pressure in the shower is terrible- you wait to be seated for breakfast, failing which, you get a muffled mumbling from the hostINFO= bacon and sausages are microwaved= rooms have no airconditioning= room is serviced everyday but towels and bathmats are the same cloths....so you do find some towels yellowish	
Aug 3 2006 	Moved us to a different location	We were booked to stay in the Alhambra, but, when we arrived were sent across the street to the Argyle. It was a much smaller room than pictured in the advertisements. Shower was small. We stayed in a twin ensuite, but we could not both be be up, walking around at the same time. It was VERY clean, and the staff was helpful. Wireless worked great. Breakfast was a trek back across the street to the Alhambra, and downstairs. However, it was worth the walk, as it was a good meal. This is a good hotel for the price. It is very convenient to Kings Cross stations (both), and the front door is within a block of the bus stop. It is not aircoditioned, which under normal London circumstances would not be a problem. However, we were there for three days of over 95 degree weather. Got rather uncomfortable by the third night.	
Jul 31 2006 	Nice hotel but beware of road construction	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night on July 20th. We had a double room and used the shared bathroom/shower. Staff was very accommodating and cheerful. Rooms were clean, as were the shared bathroom/shower. I never had to wait to use the bathroom, and there were two toilets &amp; showers on our floor. Our room was very clean, and had a tv, sink and cabinet where we could hang clothes. Breakfast was good, especially considering the price. They offered a variety of cold cereal, and also a full English breakfast.My only complaint is that our room faced the street, and there was a lot of noise, so I would suggest requesting a room facing the back if possible. Also, there is road construction going on in the area, and, unlike here in the States, they do not stop working at 5 or 6pm. They worked all through the night and we got very little sleep (Jackhammering at 2am!) So if you are thinking about staying here anytime soon, I would definately ask if the construction is still going on.Only a short block away from Kings Cross station. Also close by (within 2 blocks) is a tourist info kiosk, which offers pay phones, money exchange (which had better rates than the airport, and charged no commission), and a person that can help you book tickets to various events/attractions. Also close by is an internet cafe, a laundrymat, and several stores and restaurants. McDonalds &amp; Burger King are just around the corner.If you are looking for a good budget hotel, I don't think you can beat Alhambra. I would definatley stay there again.	
Jul 18 2006	Good Value	Stayed there for six days. Our room was in the basement, but other than that the room was nice;staff were all friendly. Location was ideal for our needs--near our son's college dorm, and within a 3 minutes walk to King's Cross Station which made travel easy. King's Cross is also a major hub for trains traveling to other parts of England. We caught our train to Scotland there. For you bibliophiles, the British Library is a short walk. About 10 minutes away is a supermarket. I would stay there again.	
Jul 14 2006 	I'd not stay anywhere else	I've been coming to the Alhambra about 2 times a years since a friend recommended it the year before last, and can't imagine staying anywhere else. Those there are friendly and personable, the place is clean and tidy, and the breakfasts are exceptional. I couldn't imagine staying anywhere else when I'm in London . . . .	
Jul 10 2006	Great Budget Hotel in London!!	Just had the pleasure of staying at the Alhambra Hotel for 11 nights at the end of June. I booked it based on reviews on tripadvisor.com and I was not disappointed.LocationThe hotel is just steps away from Kings Cross making it very easy to get to. Kings Cross tube is acessible (meaning there are lifts and escalators to get you from the train to the street). Being on such a central stop was ideal for touring around London.RoomsVery small but adequate. The wireless internet is a huge bonus as are the TVs. It was really warm when I was there (+30C) and the rooms were warm at day's end but as long as I left the window open for a breeze it was fine at night.StaffThe staff are absolutely wonderful at this hotel. I was staying at the Alhambra while I was in the process of moving to London. They were always checking up on me (&quot;how's the flat search going?&quot;), stored my second suitcase downstairs the entire time I was there and were generally kind and wonderful.CleanlinessNo complaints! The rooms are cleaned every day. The bathroom was very clean as were the communal showers. The showers weren't luxurious but the water was hot, they were clean and quite frankly what do you expect at a budget hotel?ValueExcellent value! The breakfast is great - you can specialize it if you for example don't like beans and they will gladly give you an extra egg or something else. The breakfast was very filling and a great way to start the day. At 35 pounds for single (shared bathroom/shower) in London, you can't go wrong.ComplaintsThe only problem I had was that they made a mistake with my booking and I had to move rooms twice (tho they were very nice and apologetic about it and I was upgraded in each room I had). The bonus is I saw three different rooms (the double room on the top floor was my favourite) although it was a small inconvenience packing my things three times. If you are booked for a longer stay (I was there for 11 nights) perhaps you'd want to email a quick confirmation before you leave to ensure that they have you booked in for one room.Overall I think this is a great hotel. Its not the Ritz so don't expect that and if you are light sleeper, for heaven's sake, bring earplugs! :) I slept like a log and it was a really nice introduction to London.	
Jul 9 2006	Best budget option around!	I stayed with my boyfriend at the Alhambra hotel for six nights in June. We were both very pleased. It took not more than a minute to walk to King's Cross tube station, the room was very neat and clean, the breakfast was great and kept us full for a long time, staff was friendly and helpful. Having chosen a room with shower and WC outside the room, we were a bit worried that we would have to face dirty showers and toilets that were always occupied. However, that was not the case. Both showers and wc's were really clean and there were always at least one vacant toilet, so no problem with that. Only negatives were that the pressure in the showers was a bit low, and, due to the hot weather, the room got quite hot at night, so we had to sleep with the window open. This made our nights pretty noisy, but we had no problem sleeping even so. We had a room facing towards the street, and I'm sure that a room with window on the back of the house would be much quieter. Overall, we are really happy having stayed at the Alhambra Hotel, and will definitely stay there again next time we visit London!	
Jul 7 2006	Great Budget Hotel	This hotel was not the easiest to find, but maybe it was the jet lag. It was a few streets from the St.Pancras/King's Cross tube station. There were lots of tourists in the area, and a few small hotels.The breakfast was great - fried tomato, eggs, beans, bacon, toast and/or cereal or oatmeal.The staff was extremely friendly and they accomodated us to the fullest. When we first got there, the room smelled like paint thinner. We went down to tell the front desk right away and they told us we could switch rooms if we wanted to, but they had just cleaned the washroom. We chose to wait the smell out and went out to explore while the room was airing out. It was extremely clean. The space of the room itself was limited but sufficient for the budget traveller. There was a closet/wardrobe, the sink was in the main part of the room. Our shower didnt have the best pressure, but I must say here we are very picky shower people, so for most, it would probably be more than sufficient. There was no handheld. We told the staff about the lack of pressure and the maintenance man actually came up with us and fixed the pressure for us, apparently there was a small leak in the plumbing.Overall this hotel was great, staff was great, breakfast was great and it was in a very handy area for seeing london.	
Jun 19 2006	The greatest!	I travelled with a friend to London for the first time June 4 to 11, 2006. We were on a tight budget and had pretty low expectations regarding our hotel. Our expectations were totally blown away by the Alhambra! The room was super clean and tidy, we stayed in a twin room with ensuite and it was exactly what we needed. The staff were extremely nice and the breakfast was great. The location was perfect; Kings Cross is literally steps away! If you are looking for a clean, safe budget hotel, the Alhambra is where its at. Save your money for the sights and shopping!	
Jun 15 2006 	Terrific!	I can't say enough about this hotel. The staff was wonderful. The rooms were very clean and the breakfast was great. For an inexpensive hotel this place was amazing. Great location and everything you need. I would recommend this to anyone. You won't be dissapointed. There are a lot of hotels on this little road- however this by far was one of the nicest. we were supposed to stay at one down the street and came to find that it was extremely scary... the Alhambra was welcoming... and a sigh of relief.	
Jun 13 2006	Brilliant Breakfast	We chose to stay at the Alhambra for 4 nights recently on a UK/European holiday. The room was small, without ensuite, but there were two showers and two toilets just outside in the hallway. We never once had to wait to use the bathroom.The staff were very friendly and the cooked breakfast was the best we've had in a B&amp;B in London. The location was great, walking distance from Kings Cross (even with heavy bags). The place was spotlessly clean.We would certainly stay there again.	
Jun 5 2006	Great for Low-Maintenance Budget-Minded Travelers	Staff were very friendly--a family atmosphere among them. Everything seemed very clean, even the bathrooms, considering that they're shared. They're willing to let you check in early or at least dump your bags in your room if it's still being cleaned.; you also can leave your luggage in the breakfast room upon check-out if you have an afternoon flight on your last day--but you'll need to wait til after the breakfast service finishes (7-9 am). Traditional English breakfast--fried egg, bacon, sausage links, beans, grilled tomato half, OJ, coffee or tea, toast, jams. If you tell the staff you don't want one part of the plate, they'll generally give you an extra egg to compensate. You may choose some boxed cereal instead, if you like.Rooms are very small by American standards--don't plan on leaving your suitcases open in a corner--there's not enough room. It's less hassle to unpack a bit and use the very small bureau in the room. (If you're heavy on luggage, you may not want to stay here.) Tiny sink and mirror in our room, so at least you can brush your teeth, wash your face, apply make-up, etc. We were on the 2nd floor--2 WCs (toilets) and 2 showers--never encountered anyone else using them; water pressure and temp. were always good. Shower rooms are small &amp; basic--think of the showers at your public pool, water park, etc. Bring shower shoes &amp; your own shampoo items, and maybe a thin robe if you're worried about encountering someone in the hallway (rare)--it's not a room you want to be changing your clothes in (wet). As the walls are thin and the hallways are narrow, you can hear doors opening &amp; closing. We were directly across from one of the showers, but it never bothered us. Our room faced the street, and with no AC, you'll probably want it open a bit. The noise wasn't really bad, but you might want to ask for a room that doesn't face out, just to be on the safe side. Luckily, this area doesn't seem to attract a rowdy clientele. We never had any trouble sleeping. Double bed--fairly comfortable. Felt great after trekking around all day. Hair dryer available from front desk, but all the staff is working breakfast from 7-9 am, so timing's key. 2 small bars of soap and basic towels provided daily. No issues with our sheets--clean &amp; white.Nearby: King's Cross station is the station for this hotel, so you can get your Harry Potter fix on the upper platform. The Library is about a 5 minute walk--free exhibit hall featuring original copies of the Magna Carta, many other rare Bibles, folios, some Beatles' doodles, etc. If you're looking for a larger, American-style room, we also stayed at &quot;Club Quarters&quot; near St. James Cathedral--The rates are lower during the weekend--a little bit of a splurge ($150+ with VAT) with no breakfast and still no tub. It was nice, though staff are a little stiff.	
May 31 2006	Great hotel!	We spent a week in Alhambra Hotel in May 2006. We loved our stay very much :)Hotel is perfectly situated - two steps from King뭩 Cross subway station and train to Luton airport. Perfect place for sightseeing all the city.English breakfast was great (we ask for vegetarian version - without sausage and bacon :) ). It prepared us perfectly for a long day touring in London.Room was very clean, quiet at night, has a big comfortable bed and TV. And all this in extremely low price  only 45 pounds per night for a double room.The owners of the Alhambra are most pleasant and helpful people we ever met :). We will recommend that hotel to our friends and surely we will return there.	
May 11 2006	Great friendly hotel	My husband and I just came back from a trip to Europe. We stayed at the Alhambra on two different occasions. Both times were great. It is a family run hotel and they couldn't be more helpful. Because of construction going on in that area it was a bit difficult to find at first but it is 1 block away from King's Cross station and very close to everything. The rooms are small but very clean and the breakfast included is great. The only downside is the steep small stairs one has to climb with luggage and all. Due to the fact that it has no lift you must be able to carry your luggage up and down the stairs. This hotel was reccomended to us by a friend and we would recommend it to anyone else as well.	
Jan 27 2006	Nice Budget Hotel	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews. I wasn't disappointed. It is a good inexpensive, friendly, clean hotel. I booked a single room and was given a double. The breakfast was cooked to order, I asked for no beans (I don't like them!) and was given an additional egg. It was too hot to eat immediately. I could have had more (hot) toast if I had wanted too. I booked a shared facilities room and this isn't always ideal. The only improvement I would make to this hotel would be for it to have all ensuite rooms, but I expect this would make a stay at the lovely Alhambra Hotel more expensive. I have to go to London again soon and have booked a room here.	
Jan 10 2006	Good value hotel	Thank's Alhambra for your hard work and low price. very comfortable bed and pillow. The breakfast and service I found to be a bonus. Very clean hotel. Close to the bus and tube. Good valueBarry and Natalie	
Jan 2 2006	Can't find better value	London is a budget nightmare but at the Alhambra you don't have to settle for second best. The staff take pride in good service and the rooms are a good standard. The free wireless internet saves you heaps on internet cafes and the cooked breakfast (available vegetarian on request) is a great bonus.The bathroom and toilet always smell like bleach - you know it's clean.1 min walk Kings Cross St Pancras underground. Cheap chinese food nearby.I don't understand the few people who have written bad reviews. If they know better value in London, they should be specific.	
Jan 1 2006	Fantastic friendly budget hotel	After finding my way out of the correct exit at the new Kings Cross underground exit, I found myself 15 seconds away from the hotel.The hotel is very well run by a lovely family. The rooms are typical small london rooms, but are immacutately clean.The service from the family (Hi Sonia and baby Sofia!) is excellent and hearty breakfast goes down very well.Walking down the street you notice other hotels, but they were not very welcoming and looked quite dirty.I would defintely recommend this well run hotel in central London. Just remember the rooms are London sizes not American!I would also recommend the British Library and Museum - fantastic!	
Dec 25 2005	Ok but would probably go elsewhere	This place is cheap and good value, the rooms were clean and they offer a good breakfast. My room was extremely small even for London standards and the room was quite noisy from other rooms and a nearby bathroom. It was ok but I think there are better places to stay	
Dec 4 2005	Enjoyed the Alhambra	Stayed at the Alhambra at the end of November. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. We arrived early in the morning and were allowed to leave our bags until our room was ready. Our en-suite double room was across the street from the main hotel. Our room was on the first floor facing the street, but we still found it to be quiet and never had any problems sleeping through the night.The free wireless internet was very convenient as well.	
Nov 20 2005	Excellent value	After staying at the Travel Inn at Tower Bridge last time we were in London, my husband and I found the Alhambra to be much better value. It is in a very convenient location. Within a few minutes walk of the hotel there are several fast food places, convenience stores and ATMs for when you need something in a hurry. Each day we walked the couple of minutes to Kings Cross tube station and caught the tube. Several tube lines go through Kings Cross so it is easy to get anywhere. We also did a day trip to Cambridge on the train, which we also could catch from Kings Cross.I don't know how we got so lucky, maybe because we stayed 5 nights, but we got a triple room on the top (3rd) floor facing the street so we had two big windows. It must have been the best room in the place! We had only booked a double with ensuite requesting a quiet room, so we got very lucky! Considering how close the hotel is to busy Euston Road and Kings Cross, we found it to be very quiet at night and we slept well on the comfortable bed. I imagine a standard double room would be like any budget European hotel and only be slightly bigger than the bed, but we found our room very spacious with the extra bed in it. The bathroom is compact with just enough room for the shower and toilet. The basin is in the hotel room itself. We found it very clean and it was serviced daily. There was no phone or kettle or toaster, which was fine with us, but we liked having the little tv.The breakfast was sensational! Two choices - cooked or continental. Cooked was one plate covered with an egg, bacon, a sausage, tomato and baked beans (lots of people chose not to have the beans!). Continental was a choice of cereals. With both you got unlimited toast with various spreads, tea/coffee and orange juice. Although you had to get up relatively early to get there (served 7-9am), it was a great start to the day. There were a lot of French people (and other nationalities) staying there while we were there, so it was fun sitting in the busy breakfast room listening to the languages being spoken.We found the service to be excellent. Always cheerful and helpful.Keep in mind that the hotel is in a couple of old small multi-storey buildings, so you need to be able to carry your bags up all the steps. As I said, we were on the 3rd floor so that was 6 flights of steps. There were 2 rooms on each floor. Good security because you get a key to get in the front door of the building as well as the key to your room.We will definitely stay there next time we're in London. Enjoy!	
Nov 8 2005	Not as good as everybody says	We were greeted by an ice cold room along with a thick long black hair on the bathroom tiles and stains on the towels. The breakfast was poor in quality. Don't get me wrong here: the place is cheap, right in the centre of London and the staff is exceptionally friendly. But I have been to cleaner youth hostels with a good breakfast for a quarter of the price.	
Aug 7 2005	The best stay out of our entire vacation	London was the last stop in our 2 week mini European vacation and my boyfriend and I wanted somewhere comfortable and pleasant to stay before our long journey back to California. Alhambra hotel made that wish come true. We stayed in room 3 which was a double (2 separate twins) with a sink for 45 pounds (about $80 USD) a night for 2 nights on July 29 and 30. Our room was located a little bit downstairs and faced the back of the building so our window was actually street level. The room came with a small color TV mounted on the wall, a good size closet, a dresser drawer, 2 glass cups, and a night stand between our 2 twin beds. There was no fan or a/c in our room but it was not necessary since the weather was partly cloudy. The hotel provides high speed internet access, a pay telephone, irons and iron boards, alarm clocks and travel adaptors upon request (from their website). Location: This place is located a block away from the King뭩 Cross/St. Pancras Station which is all west of the center of London. This is extremely convenient if you don뭪 know your way around London. All you have to do is figure out the Underground system and walk a block to get to Alhambra. From Alhambra you can get a free tourist maps on their counter that is very detailed containing most of the street names even the smaller ones. The map only shows the west end and central London, though. There aren뭪 many attractions nearby. The closest tourist attraction was the British Museum, which has the biggest Egyptian section that I뭭e ever seen. It뭩 about a 20 minute walk from Alhambra and may be better than taking the tube because the tube fares for 1 way is pricey, especially since the Museum isn뭪 way too far away. You can find restaurants/bars and a quick mart if you walk along Euston Road. There is also an STAtravel on Euston if you are a student/traveler and wanted to know what attractions you could visit or book a day tour with them. This neighborhood was pretty safe and didn뭪 seem seedy to me at night. Alhambra is pretty close to a main street (Euston) that I wouldn뭪 worry. Because of the recent bombing attacks at King뭩 Cross Station, certain lines are closed which may be inconvenient to some. But you can always take a line and connect to another line. If you want to be closer to tourist attractions then I suggest planning out what you want to see and maybe centralize your location. Alhambra was more north to all of the attractions we went to see. Noise: Staying here for 2 nights, noise was not a problem at all. The only noise we got was from a couple of people using the toilet right next to our door at night. And since our room was at the back of the hotel, there was no noise from the main street or even the station. Everything was super quiet, almost too quiet that I turned on the TV for a little bit of noise. Cleanliness: As I had stated previously, there is a toilet right next to our door. It is very small and the hard part is trying to shut the door without your legs touching the toilet. When you do shut the door, you have a little bit more leg room. The toilet was kept clean. Around the corner to the bathroom, there are stairs to the basement that lead down to the breakfast room and a hall that leads to 3 showers. There are 2 complete bathrooms (shower, toilet, sink) and 1 room with just a shower. My boyfriend and I used the 2 complete bathrooms to take our shower. While I got hot water, my boyfriend complained that he didn뭪 get any so he went to the other shower that did have hot water but it felt like he was in a dark cave. My shower was in the right-most bathroom and it did take several minutes for the hot water to come out. This bathroom seemed the most clean and brightest out of all three rooms. Our room was clean with clean sheets and a clean bath size towel. We were also given a small bar of soap with our towel. My twin mattress was okay. I was able to feel the mattress springs but was still able to sleep soundly. They make the beds after each night but don뭪 change the sheets. They do give another set of clean towels even though we still had our used bath towels hanging in the closet to dry. Breakfast: Breakfast is included in your bill and is served from 7 to 9 am. It is served in the dining area located downstairs. There are lots of tables giving you a clue as to how busy it can get. I suggest going down to breakfast by about 8am before the masses of guests start coming down. You are seated at a table and given a small glass of room temperature orange juice. You have your choice of the English breakfast or Continental breakfast. The English breakfast comes with a sunny side up egg, bacon, grilled half tomato, sausage, and beans. The Continental breakfast is cereal and you choose from a variety of individual size cereal boxes. You are asked whether you want tea or coffee. There is room-temperature milk already on the table, a bowl of sugar for your tea/coffee, and butter and jam for you numerous halved slices of toast. If you뭭e finished all of the toast, they will give you a few extra more if you like. The English breakfast was very good and hearty.Service: The staff was great and friendly. Whatever you need, they will try to accommodate those requests. Check out was at 11:00am. There are phonebooks, travel books, leisure reading books on a shelf in the hall. Downstairs near the payphone, there are brochures for tours and attractions. The place was cozy and made me feel comfortable. I loved my stay at Alhambra and whole-heartedly suggest this place to anyone wanting to visit London.	
Jul 17 2005	wonderful people	We loved our stay at the Alhambra. The rooms were ample sized, for London, and includes a wonderful English breakfast. They were very clean and included a fan for use on the hot summer nights that worked well to drown out the noise of late night people and the underground. (We were in the basement unit and could faintly hear the trains. Very few trains run at night.) It is situated across the street from the King's Cross tube station which worked well for sightseeing thru the city. There is a Burger King and McDonalds within a block, as well as a few take out places and small restaurants. We were there on July 7th when the bombing occurred. A young woman that was on the last carriage of the bombed train ended up on the Alhambra's doorstep crying. The owners took her in and let her use a room to clean up and called her a cab. The owners of the Alhambra are the most pleasant people that add to the enjoyment of your stay.	
Jul 17 2005	Small but immaculate	Stayed for two nights - Miguel the Night Manager was extremely helpful, even giving us a rundown on where to go in Portugal (tho' we ended up going to Turkey - maybe to your home country next time, Miguel!).I'd read about the size of the rooms before booking, so was not expecting anything but a small room. Not &quot;disappointed&quot; as it was indeed compact (actually a little larger than I'd imagined - I thought I'd be able to lay on the bed and touch the walls either side simultaneously, but couldn't!). However, as we were out travelling all day it served its purpose as a place to sleep (comfortable bed, too!).I WAS pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and decor, which were both outstanding! Yes, the bathroom was also &quot;compact&quot; and we had to go &quot;next door&quot; to the toilet but this was only a minor inconvenience (pardon the pun!).Hearty breakfast served in a delightful dining room - great way to start the day.Overall great value for a superb location - so close to Kings Cross station and to the Thameslink to Gatwick, couldn't have been better!P.S. If the Alhambra happens to be booked out (as it deserves to be!), then try The Apollo Hotel just up the road (43 Argyle St; ---) - marginally more expensive (GBP 65) but rooms are a bit larger and the hosts are tremendous (as is the breakfast, too!).	
Jul 17 2005	Reasonable Cheap Hotel	The Alhambra Hotel is not much but it is very reasonable for London a very expensive city. The rooms are very clean though very small and they serve a very tasty English breakfast. Though the Alhambra is not in a main tourist area of London they are right next to Kings Cross Station a major tube hub in London where you can easily take the tube to practically anywhere you wish in the city. They will also provide rooms for four people.	
Jul 3 2005	Well run hotel but slightly seedy location	This hotel was inexpensive and clean, the desk staff was nice, and the included english breakfast was very good. I had a single with shared bath- the mattress was just so-so but it was fine. No air conditioning, but few inexpensive London hotels have that (I was there during a heat wave!). However, I didn't like the King's Cross neighborhood at night, there weren't many people on the streets after 10 pm and those that were looked dubious. I wasn't actually harassed, but was uncomfortable enough that I would choose a different location next time.	
Jun 23 2005	What a joy!	This hotel is run by the most delightful family. My sister and I stayed at the Alhambra for 7 days at the end of May-beginning of June, 2005. We thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our stay. However, the cleanliness of the rooms is unsupassed and the English Breakfast is very yummy and VERY plentiful! The staff/owners are not only helpful and friendly but made us feel like we returned each evening to &quot;our&quot; very own neighborhood. There is a marvelous neighborhood pub where very inexpensive (5 pounds) and balanced meals can be had. A laundrette is tucked away in the neighborhood within a few blocks of the hotel.For those plus-sized visitors to London...please be aware that hotel rooms in London are notoriously small with a capital &quot;S&quot;. However, don't fear! My sister and I (sizes 32 and 22 respectively) managed quite well in the rooms and toilet/bathing facilities. True, you have to develop a &quot;system&quot; but I personally would trade extra size for the peace and attention received from the Alhambra staff. To top things off, we woke every morning to birds singing in the neighborhood trees. How much better could it get?Thank you Martine, Frank, Sonya, and Bruno for helping to make our stay in London truly wonderfull! You are indeed THE best!	
May 30 2005	A Good Value	We stayed here for 5 nights in May on a recommendation from my friend who stayed here last August. I guess she didn't have an underground room like we did. We had a double, with a toilet and shower in the room. We were put in the Argyle, which was across the street, in room 15. Yes the room was tiny, but I liked the fact that the shower and toilet had their own separate rooms. Loved the water pressure in the shower and the hot water never ran out. Beware the toilet! The door wouldn't open all the way because of a tiny sink in the room, so we sort of had to squeeze in sideways, plus it smelled kind of like a public loo. But we could open the window, so that helped. The sink is in the main room. Also, there were 2 large windows that overlooked a completely sealed in courtyard, so we felt perfectly safe leaving the windows open during the day. The double bed was absolutely tiny, next time we will get 2 singles, but lots of shelf space and drawers and small wardrobe, which made up for the lack of floor space. However, the room got quite hot at night so we had to leave the windows open, we could hear the trains constantly and the people above us sounded like elephants. I recommend earplugs--they saved me as i am a very light sleeper. The breakfast was delicious, we asked for scrambled instead of fried eggs, and no beans. The staff was OK. We felt like we were scolded at times, not sure why, as we were as polite as could be. They will seat you at a table with other people sometimes, which my husband didn't like, as there were other empty tables, but that is the European way, I guess. You do get fresh towels everyday but no more soap, so take your own!!! Also no phones in the room, so have a good alarm clock handy. If you need to use the phone, go down the street by the post office. It's better than trying to use the one in the hotel. Great location and there is a local pub up the street, turn right and it's on a corner on the left, that has the most wonderful fish and chips! All in all a great BUDGET hotel so if you're looking to save money, stay here!	
May 30 2005	Nice hotel nice location	Alhambra hotel in London is a great choice if you're looking for a nice and clean hotel with a good position that's also not very expensive. We spent a weekend in it, paying our room with private bathroom 60 pounds per night. The room was very pleasant and recently renewed, even if I must confess it was very very little. And it's also nice you can choose between continental or english breakfast as well. In others hotels in UK I had to pay if I wanted english breakfast. The position of hotel is great, King's Cross station (where you can find several metro lines) is 2 minutes walk.	
May 23 2005	a couple from Spain	We stayed at this B&amp;B for 8 nights. We were located in the Argyle Hotel (an annex to the Alhambra Hotel). We were on the third floor. Our room included shower with a shared bathroom, also, the room had a T.V.One negative aspect of this B&amp;B was that our room was very small, especially the bathroom. It was claustrophobic!! Unfortunately, there was a dude in our floor that smoked a lot and the smell and the smoke entered through the door into our room. I guess that was bad luck!!The most positive aspects of the hotel were the cleanliness and that it was in a very convenient location, centrally situated and with access to many undergroud lines. We received a cordial treatment from the owners and the workers. Also the breakfast was satisfying. Overall, we were very comfortable there. Definitely we recommend it to anyone!!	
May 18 2005	disappointed	We stayed at the Alhambra Hotel for 2 nights end of April 2005.Hotel is in a great location, real close to the King's Cross station and Thameslink. The breakfast is very generous. The staff were on the most part nice. We encountered one lady who wasn't too friendly to us. We weren't greeted that warmly by her and she thought we had too many requests by asking for a non-smoking room and preferably a room not in the underground. She also scolded us for entering the breakfast room through the wrong entrance, when it was perfectly fine to enter that way and besides, we weren't instructed which way to enter since we were put in the annex across the street. We weren't made too welcome by her and would not stay there again.	
Apr 13 2005	Good value	This hotel was good value. We had a triple with shower and toilet. It was a bit on the small side, but OK. No fridge or tea/coffee facilities, but the breakfast was excellent. We stayed in the annex across the road, which appears to be a good option. We found it better than subsequent London hotels. Definitely worth a try. I would go back!	
Jan 5 2005	Nice but be aware of the underground	We stayed in the Alhambra four days during Christmas. Overall it gives a good balance between price and quality within a very good location, served by many Underground lines. The rooms are simple, cozy and clean (but quite small), with one towel for each person that is changed every day. No cheap plastic like some hotel chains do. The staff is nice and cordial but a bit too professional, almost impersonal. We got a fair breakfast for the price, with tea and toasts or typical English desgusting combo. THE CAVEAT: we were given a room in the underground without being asked or advised, even considering that the hotel was 30% full. That was a pain in the neck! We had the feeling of sleeping in the subway (Picadilly Line) ; we could almost hear the guy saying &quot;Mind the Gap!&quot; Luckly, the Underground was on strike on Sunday and that saved us some sleeping time. SO, be aware of the underground rooms!	
Dec 11 2004	We will strongly recommend the hotel to our friends	We - two Norwegian couples - spent five nights at Alhambra in the end of November. At the web, we had discovered this affordable and central hotel, where guests described the hotel in very favourable words. We were certainly not disappointed. The rooms are clean, the staff friendly and helpful, and although it is located very close to a centre of communication (Kings Cross), it is not noisy at all. We will strongly recommend the hotel to all our friends who are going to visit London.	
Dec 4 2004	A good choice		
Nov 24 2004	Good value and location		
Oct 31 2004 	Very clean nice - but also not too cooperative		
Sep 26 2004	Nice enough hotel terrific owners/staff!!		
Aug 4 2004	Nice enough but nothing special		
Jul 24 2004	Very good deal		
Apr 18 2004	Good deal for the price		
Apr 8 2004	Really quite nice		
Mar 2 2004	Great hotel for a reasonable price.		
Dec 29 2003	Good location for a good B		
Nov 16 2009 	2 atouts majeurs : le prix et la situation		
Nov 6 2009 	Muy sucio sucsimo		
Oct 22 2009 	Excellente situation htel propre nous avons t trs satisfait		
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Oct 9 2009 	salvacion en una noche de tormenta		
Oct 3 2009 	cerca estacin de tren y metro		
Oct 2 2009 	ein echter Geheimtipp wie ich finde		
Aug 21 2009 	Pratique agrable et hyper central au top du bed 		
Aug 13 2009 	????????????????????		
Jun 23 2009 	conveniente e ben posizionato		
Jun 1 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualit prezzo e cortesia.		
May 22 2009 	Trs pratique sympa  recommander!		
May 7 2009 	sympa		
May 3 2009 	Klein - aber klasse!		
Apr 25 2009 	A RECOMMANDER		
Apr 11 2009 	Sjour parfait		
Mar 20 2009 	A recommander		
Feb 17 2009 	Hotel ayant un bon rapport qualit/prix		
Jan 21 2009 	Accettabile		
Jan 6 2009 	Estancia perfecta en Londres		
Jan 4 2009 	Week end a budget limitato		
Oct 11 2008 	Lo recomiendo!!!		
Oct 1 2008 	Se non soffrite di claustrofobia....		
Sep 22 2008 	Ottimo Hotel		
Sep 21 2008 	Nettes zentral gelegenes Hotel!!!		
Sep 4 2008 	Surcot et super...bruyant !		
Aug 31 2008 	Super hotel		
Aug 7 2008 	Pas de surprise pour nous.		
Aug 3 2008 	Une trs trs bonne adresse  Londres : propre et pas cher !!!		
Jun 30 2008 	ottimo Low Cost Hotel		
Jun 29 2008 	posizione strategica		
Jun 10 2008	Perfetto!		
Mar 16 2008 	Horrible pas propre et pas insonoris		
Feb 6 2008 	nul je n'ai pas aim du tout...		
Nov 15 2007 	Un alberghetto carino		
Nov 5 2007 	 recommander		
Oct 3 2007 	Trato muy agradable		
Oct 2 2007	Sehr nette freundliche Besitzerfamilie sauber und zentral		
Jun 30 2007 	Buon Hotel in posizione strategica		
Jun 26 2007	Htel charmant qualit prix incomparable		
May 3 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
Mar 1 2007 	excellent rapport qualit/prix		
Dec 7 2006 	excellent htel		
Oct 12 2006 	centrico y correcto		
Jan 19 2006	Correcto pero no excepcionalmente bueno // There are better places		
Sep 27 2005	muy centrico muy limpio ... buena gente.		
Mar 5 2005	un bon rapport qualit prix pour londres		
