	Only OK	This is a no frills 4* hotel. As many have pointed out, the hotel is well located for Gloucester Road tube station&amp; there is a Sainsburys &amp; Waitrose nearby for supplies. A major down for me though is the walls are too thin &amp; a person next door can be clearly heard even when they're not making much noise, talking, using the toilet etc. We got woken at 4am by a couple arriving next door to us &amp; they were just having an ordinary normal volume conversation.Positives, the room comes with an iron which not all 4* hotels do &amp; the staff are good. I will not be staying here agin purely on the basis of being woken up 3 nights on the trot because the walls are too thin!!	
	The rooms are very small like a wardrobe	The location of this hotel is not bad,10 minutes walk from Gloucester Road underground station,Picadilly line is good to get to the city centre.Hotel is clean, but rooms are so small that you can feel claustrophobia, single room maybe 9 square meters including bathroom and looks like a corridor.Bed is comfortable, there is a hairdryer and ironing board, small kettle, but no fridge and you can not find the adapter on reception to charge your mobile phone, you have to buy it.Smoking is not allowed anywhere in the hotel.Continental breakfast is poor,3 kinds of sausages, only one is eatable,1 kind of cheese,cornflakes,milk,yoghurt, juice,tea or coffee,toasts,bread. No vegetables,fresh fruits,cakes, omlet only for english breakfast.On weekend it is possible to wait for a breakfast in the line for 10 minutes, not so much place in the breakfast hall.Staff in the hotel is quite polite,check in and out is quick and smooth, but 11 a.m. is too early for check out.	
Nov 6 2009 	An impressive little Hotel which deserves to do well.	Not a swanky place but really good value for money. The room I had was clean and quiet even though it was at the front of the hotel. All the staff I encountered were polite and helpfull, my compliments to them and their management. Oh yes the breakfast was very good too......I got 2nd helpings !!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent hotel friendly staff great location	Although at first glance this hotel seems pricey, when you take into consideration the full English breakfast and free wifi, plus the overall cleanliness, room size, courtesy of the staff, location -- this was a great place to stay. The hotel was close to a tube stop that gave easy access to all the main attractions in London, there were a number of reasonably priced restaurants and a very good pub in easy walking distance, and the staff at the hotel was simply terrific. Lucy and Joe at the hotel in particular were really helpful and friendly. My only suggestions -- getting in and out of the tub was hard for a short person because the sides were very high and the tub was very slippery. This would be a real issue for someone elderly. Also, some variation in the breakfast would be nice -- staying there for 8 days we got rather tired of the identical breakfast choices every day. Overall though, this hotel merits all the stars it's been given.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great night's sleep in a very clean hotel that's good value for money.	Good location, just 10 mins from Gloucester Road tube. Breakfast was really good. Room was very clean and bed very comfortable. It's a shame I couldn't get the free WiFi in my room though. Would definitely use this hotel again for business or pleasure.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location	London hotels are famous for being insanely expensive for not very much service. The QCH is a great compromise and I have stayed there, mostly for business, for a few years now.It is a fairly modern property with everything you might want in a small modern hotel including an iron in every room. Free Wifi is also provided so thats a big plus for me. Some rooms are pretty tight but, as I was staying there with my wife for 6 nights, I requested a larger version. Room 206 fitted the bill perfectly.The only downside, and we coped fine with this, was the bed was two singles put together. Normally that is OK but one was really hard and the other semi-soft, so you fell down a minor cliff if moving from one to another.Also the staff, by and large, were very friendly and helpful, patrticularly in the breakfast room. Our &quot;deal&quot; included a continental breakfast and I'd stick to that in the future also. As for location, you just can't beat this place. Five minute walk to Earls Court tube station. Number 24 bus at the door to Baker Street Station, and busy Cromwell Road outside full of black cabs. Also a 24 hour sainsbury's supermarket virtually next door in case you need anything.My tips would be to buy an Oyster travel card at the station as soon as you get there which works on trains and buses. When you are leaving you can cash them back in for all moneys remaining. This one act will save you heaps of time and frustration.Local restaraunts include &quot;The Little French restaraunt&quot;, on the shortcut walk to the tube, and Bistro Benitos on Earls Court Road. Both very reasonable. The first with a set price GBP 9.95 3 course menu. Recommend the Lamb Wellington (not very French). At Benitos a massive menu at a family run business since 1979, recommend the King Prawns in Filo starter.In short I highly recommend this hotel for a great London base while you explore this fantasic city. For the money you won't find better.	
Jul 10 2009 	The only problem was the thin walls.	We had a lovely stay at Quality Crown, the location is great, the rooms are clean and everything works. Except the fact that the walls are quite thin, so if you are ready to bring earplugs with you, I can recommend this hotel. -Riikka, Oulu, Finland-	
Jul 7 2009	"good all around staff very helpful comfortable accomodation"	Enjoyed this hotel room, keeping in mind the european standard of room sizes i didn't find it too small. The room was very clean and the hotel staff was pleasant. Stayed in an end room and didn't notice noise except the showers running and doors closing. The lift was a little tight tho :) I especially loved the location as it was close to a tube and Sainsbury's grocery store which was used very often at the end of a long day of sightseeing. I would stay again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Hotel for short people!!	Straight up, this hotel is quite nice and what you would expect for your money. It did not however exceed my expectations, which I generally like. We booked a contemporary double because we didn't fancy the compact double, which the name suggests, would be quite small. However, we were amazed and amused by the size of the room we were given. I automatically assumed we were given a compact room, but when I went to inquire, I was told twice that it was indeed a contemporary double. There was barely room to move!! Also, I am not tall, but the shower head was below my hair and it was a bit of a struggle. The good points. The staff were friendly, the residents bar was good and the rooms, despite being small, were clean and comfortable.An average hotel, not a great hotel.	
Jun 26 2009 	Don't Forget Your Ear Plugs!	Having just returned from a five nights stay at the Quality Crown Hotel in Kensington we are looking forward to a good nights sleep! There is virtually no sound proofing between adjoining rooms to the extent that you can hear everything that your neighbours get up to and I mean everything, from snoring to the nocturnal activities of a young couple! All rooms have interconnecting doors whereby even normal tone conversations can be heard. This overshadowed what was an otherwise satisfactory hotel for this price region. Our room, an executive double, was clean, a reasonable size and nicely furnished (any smaller would have been a tight squeeze) It was not possible to open a window however to get some fresh air which would have been nice. On the plus side, the staff were pleasant, the continental breakfast though basic was acceptable, the foyer and bar/ lounge areas were modern, comfortable and nicely decorated. The hotel was an equal distance from both Gloucester Road and Earls Court tube stations, about a ten minute walk. We would have had no hesitation in returning to this hotel or recommending it if it were not for the paper thin walls and no guarantee of a decent nights sleep! And a final tip if you still intend to stay at this hotel, you can purchase ear plugs in Boots beside Gloucester Road tube station.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect Location	Updating a report of this hotel I made two years ago, I was pleased to find a vast improvement in the level of service since my last stay. The foyer and reception area was clean and tidy and there was a pleasant, friendly welcome from the receptionist. Check in was smooth and efficient and I was allocated a room at the front of the hotel. The rooms seem to be very well insulated from outside noise, so despite being on a main road there was very little noise from traffic. Rooms are fairly small, but were sufficient and my room had plenty of cupboard and wardrobe space. The room had complimentary tea/coffee making facilities, a trouser press, iron and ironing board. Standard television with a good selection of free channels and internet access in the room. The bathroom was very clean and well stocked with supplies of towels and supplies of shower gel, saps and shampoos. There was air con in the room which kept it at a comfortable temperaure. Breakfast was much improved since my last stay and standards were noticeably higher. The restaurant was well staffed and the waiting staff were all friendly, attentive and efficient. Guests were offfered a continetal breakfast which seemed to offer the usual fare, although an upgrade to full cooked breakfast was on offer for a very modest fee. I would highly recommend upgrading to the full cooked breakfast which was tasty and was very good value for money.The hotel is well placed for Earls Court, Olympia and is also a short walk away from the Museums. It is located in quite a nice leafy part of London and is a short walk from the tube station so is handy for both business and tourists. While the rooms are fairly small, I would have no hesitation staying here again on business or leisure.	
Jun 10 2009 	nice hotel..	advantages..beautiful and peacful area10min to undergound(4 stops to piccadily) 5 min bus stop to baker streetnear to supermarket and resturantsclean rooms and bathroomsquite big rooms (for London)disadvantagesthe poorest breakfast i have ever seen...one kind of cheese, no cake, no muffin,no sweets only cereal,fruits and sausages..it is served until 930!!!!(monday-friday)so if u r for holidays it is difficult to get up early in order to eat breakfastu have to pay to see tv channels(not only for moovies and satelite..and for bbc.)	
Jun 10 2009 	Good Hotel at reasonable price	This hotel is located in somewhat quite part of London. We had two rooms since it was four of us. The rooms are not too small, very clean and beds were very comfortable. The service was great and every morning I requested milk and got fresh milk for my coffee right away. The hotel is 15 minutes walk to Harrods and Knights Bridge. It is not too close to main attractions. Next time, I will probably look for the same hotel but in other parts of London	
Jun 8 2009 	average but nice on a "hotel street"	This clean modern hotel is about 500 meters from the closest tube (Gloucester road), in a decent, if unexceptional neighborhood. It is near a big Holiday Inn and Raddison,less cher, and quite close to Earls Court, if you have business there. Gl road has good pubs and cafes, but the Kensigton High Street is best for that - 5 blocks.I was disapointed in their &quot;one bedroom suite&quot;, badly dexcribed and promised. I had called from the States to confirm it was a true one bdm with a seperated living room. I wanted privacy while sharing the room with our teenager. i was assure this was the case, but no....it is just a triple room with no privacy. Cramped my style; I was misled. So..be warned.The breakfast buffets were fine, and the room was clean and nicely furnished. The staff was good, except for misleading me on the phone. I would have made other plans, if I'd known.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellant Location	Had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel. Staff very friendly and service was excellant. 5 Minute walk from the underground so was ideal base to start from. Would definately use this hotel again.	
Jun 2 2009 	The Ideal Hotel to visit London	My Brother and I were on a visit to see Cat Stevens in concert. The Hotel was ideal for location as very Central. I rang before a little concerned about Parking but the friendly receptionist informed me with good recommendations of where to park. The room was very clean, tidy and well equipped. I was able to log on to the Internet so that was a plus!! (and it's included in the price!) Breakfast was great, a full English and lots of choice and pleasant staff that didn't impose. I can highly recommend this Hotel and being a professional Entertainer I have stayed in Hiltons, Sheratons etc,. but this was a very pleasant stay and just the job!!!	
Apr 19 2009 	A cute small hotel	I enjoyed staying at Quality Crown Hotel. It’s a cute and small hotel, nothing exceptional, but the room was spacious compared to London standards, and very clean and well furnished as well. We stayed in room 302. I don’t know about the other rooms. The only two things I have to complain is that the walls were too thin, so we could hear everything from the other room beside ours. The other bad thing is that it is not very close to an underground station. About 15 minutes walk. There is a great Supermarket very close to the Hotel. I almost forgot to mention that the breakfast was very nice served.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel Good quality Ideal location Friendly staff Good Value	Had a lovely stay in this hotel. Room was spacious by london standards and clean, well furnished, Bathroom clean and shower excellent, Staff friendly and a very comfortable lounge/ bar area to relax after a day. Excellent location close to Earls Court and Olympia exhibition centres and underground to central london and Heathrow 5 minutes away.I will definately use the hotel again	
Mar 16 2009 	terrible experience in this 4 stars hotel	terrible experience in this hotel 4 stars. My stay was of 7 nights, they gave me a small and microscopic double room, I couldn't open easly my bag,it was difficult walking because there isn't space (I had to ask to the porter to take away the table because with my bag it wan't impossible to walk), what's more the room is shared with onother one. From the shared door I heart every type of noise: air drier, rings, voices, moans!!! When I asked to change the room, the lady with long and blond hair, told me wasn't impossible and after insistence she told me I had pay an extra charge. The room was clean also if they didn't never change the bedding. The bedding had some choccolate spots because we ate on the bed!!!The room was really sleazy and I needed to be late to avoid to stay inside the room.All the towels are very crash, ruin.There weren't free italian channels on the tv, only extra charge italian channels. It was possible to watch the tv only in english.The breackfast was very very scanty and sleazy.Terrible service. I'm very very unhappy for all. I don't sugget this hotel to all those who find a good quality in 4 stars hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location good value. A pleasant surprise!	I stayed at the Quality Crown with a friend while on holiday. I am from North America but am familiar with the different hotel standards in London. Hotel rooms in London in general are much smaller than in North America. Twin beds are standard, not doubles. You can find hotels that have two double beds per room, but you'll pay heavily for it. This hotel's location is excellent. Close to the Piccadilly Line for easy access to Heathrow and plenty of tube and bus links to anywhere in Central London. Plus, the Science and V&amp;A museums are within walking distance. There's even a 24-hr Sainsbury's supermarket down the street. When you are in London, the point is to get out of your hotel room and explore the city.Our only disappointment was that we could not check in early after our morning arrival from Canada. Otherwise, the room was clean, comfortable and in good repair. Even the decor wasn't too bad. Yes, the room was small but the two of us and all of our stuff (and we acquired a lot from our shopping trips!) was perfectly adequate.	
Feb 28 2009 	Simple Hotel - ok if you're on a budget	Check in was relatively quick and simple. I had booked a double room - the beds however certainly weren't double size, luckily it was just myself in the room as I wouldn't have coped with the bed size if my partner was there as well. Rooms are very small and paper thin so you could hear everything going on in conjoining rooms and in the corridors. The TV had the basic 1 - 5 channels and then extra film channels you could pay for. Coffee and tea facilities available. The room and bathroom (also very small) were clean to a sufficient standard, the rooms were modernly furnished however there is nothing overly nice about them. The shower was a massive downfall - it was about half a foot shorter than I was so I was unable to stand under it, I had to have it pointing out and the water pressure wasn't up to usual hotel standard. No bottled water in the room which would have been a nice touch. The cooked breakfast was really unappealing - soaked in grease and not very hot. I had the continental on the second day which was better - a choice of breads / croissants / cereal and fruit. Tea, coffee and toast are brought directly to your table if requested and this was done quickly. I asked for milk for my coffee however, and was rudely prompted to go and get it myself from the breakfast buffet tables - surely this should be brought with it???!!! We went to the bar for a drink one night, the member of staff behind the bar proceeded to go outside to talk on his mobile phone leaving us waiting at the bar for about 5 minutes until someone else finally served us - we were the only ones waiting at the bar. The location of the hotel was good, 5 minutes walk from Earls Court station. Overall it was ok but I wouldn't return by choice and if wanting to stay in Earl's Court again I would use the Marriott on the opposite side of the road.	
Feb 19 2009 	Nice Place.	First tip for staying in London that we pass along to all our friends is: If you’re going to purchase a London Travel Card (allowing you to use the buses, tubes etc.) only make the purchase for Zone 1. You can purchase a card that will cover the entire city or only certain sections, but as we’ve learned from previous trips, Zone 1 is where ALL the major tourist attractions are located. Don’t make the mistake of buying a more expensive travel card than what you really need.We booked into the Quality Crown Hotel Kensington because of the cost, easy access to the Earl’s Court Tube Station and because we trust/use Choice Hotel chains extensively. [Another word of advice is about Earl’s Court Tube Station itself. It has two entrances/exits and therefore you have to choose wisely which one to use.]We stayed for about a week in August 2003. The hotel is very close to Earl’s Court, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park, The Royal Albert Hall, Prince Albert Memorial, the Victoria and Albert Museum. In the general area of the tube station are a large number of chain restaurants. You shouldn’t have any difficulty in finding an eating establishment that pleases you. We would also strongly recommend Dall ’Artista Restaurant located at 243 Old Brompton Road. It is a small family owned/operated Italian restaurant.We had stayed in the Earl’s Court area in the past due to the large number of gay establishments in the general area.This facility is air conditioned, which is a great benefit at certain times of the year. We had breakfast included in our booking and were never disappointed in the variety on offer.There was a safe in our room which was large enough to store everything we wanted.The facility was very clean and the staff very helpful/friendly.Since our trip in 2003, we’ve been back. We decided not to stay at this hotel because of its distance from the main attractions of London we wanted to see most.This was a very nice hotel and other then our preference, nothing should stop anyone from booking into this location.	
Jan 18 2009 	Old	I stayed here for a business trip for a few days, good and bad points:Good: reception staff, very polite. Furnishing (clean/modern).Bad: Location - one of the poorest areas of London I've seen, size of the rooms - very small, thickness of the walls - you can hear EVERYTHING from the rooms either side of you and from the corridor.Basically the building is very old and so the walls are thin and the architecture reflects the age. That said, the owners have tried to make the best of a bad situation.	
Jan 14 2009	Awful Hotel - Do not be tricked by the Free Wifi	This was not a 4* Hotel. Period. There was no minibar or room service to speak of. When we ordered Pizza, it was clear they simply put in a Goodfella's frozen pizza and charged us 10 GBPs for the pleasure. The cleaning service was absolutely irritating, and unless you were out by 11 am, dont think that you will get your room cleaned. The bathroom amenities were not great, and overall we were severely disappointed. We choose this hotel as we thought it might actually be a 4* with wifi, instead we go a 2* with patchy wifi service that we had to check every morning of our stay. We will NEVER be staying or going to this hotel again. Period	
Dec 6 2008 	Pleasant comfortable unremarkable and rather cramped	Checkin efficient room well equipped and quiet. I was only there for one night so my needs didn't go far beyond a clean room and a comfortable bed, both of which were provided.But the room certainly was small. I don't know whether the bed was supposed to be a large single or a small double, but I was grateful to be on my own. They provided one of those folding stands for your suitcase, but I don't know where they expected anyone to erect it. The thoughfully provided ironing board was useful but having set it up, I couldn't get to the bathroom.Breakfast service good and food nice.Location is good, and as long as you don't mind a rather compact room (which of course is not uncommon in Central London unless you pay a fortune), it does the job.	
Nov 14 2008	Good Choice	We've had a pleasant stay for four nights at the Quality Crown Hotel Kensington. The Hotel is an ideal beginning for a city trip as it is located near various subway and bus stations. A 24 hour supermarket is nearby. Our room was clean and spacious, the staff was friendly and helpful. In summary I can say that we've got the expected value for our money and we will recommend the hotel to our friends as well as we would like to stay there again.	
Nov 2 2008 	Safe choice	We stayed at the Quality Crown Hotel Kensington for three nights and have absolutely no complaints. The hotel is nothing exceptional, but I found it very clean and the staff was very helpful (we actually needed help twice and both times staff showed up in our room in less than five minutes and solved the problems).The rooms are rather small, but this is quite normal in London, so I guess there really average size.I would say the Quality Crown Hotel is a safe and somewhat conservative choice, where you will not find many surprises, neither good ones and, more importantly, no bad ones.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great Hotel!!! Good Location.	Just returned from a great vacation in London, England.Was a little disappointed on check in that our room was not available. Had requested an early check-in due to overnight flight from Canada. Staff however, did take our luggage to storage and had a room ready within 1/2 hour.Staff was friendly and very helpful. Housekeeper was very sweet and friendly. Coudln't have asked for anything more.Rooms are a little small compared to North American rooms but otherwise very sufficient for a travellers needs.Grocery store, pubs, restaurants, laundrymat, news stand, bus stop and tube stations all within a short walk from the hotel.Great Irish pub located a short distance from the hotel!!!hwelshOntario, Canada	
Oct 1 2008 	Teeny Weeny	I heard the rooms would be small ... but yikes! I've never seen such a compact space before! To the point where I am amazed that they fit as much functional furniture as they did in the room. I won't lie and say I wasn't a little disappointed and even frightened when I first saw the room - my husband is 6'3 and there was (barely) a double bed for both of us. However, the shock wore off after a while and besides, we didn't go to London to sit in our hotel room so what did it matter if it was a little tight? In the end it turned out ok, everything was very clean and relatively new-looking. The front desk staff left something to be desired... a little ont he rude side even after we told him we had just gotten married 2 days earlier and were starting off our honeymoon at the establishment. A smile and a &quot;congrats&quot; would have gone a long way...	
Sep 11 2008 	" Noisey neighbours!"	I stayed here with my daughter for 4 nights. The location was great, even a supermarket virtually next door. The check in staff and bar staff both spoke excellent English and were very helpful.The major problem was the noise from next door!!!There is no sound proofing between rooms and each word, snore and sniffle was very audible. Our matresses were very lumpy with big springs and buttons sticking up, really not 4 star standard. When we mentioned this on checking out we were told that they were slowly replacing old matresses.If you could guarantee that you got a good matress and no next door neighbours then I would stay again but otherwise there must be something better nearby.	
Sep 6 2008	unhappy guest	the room was very very small	
Aug 26 2008	Is this the smallest hotel room in the world	This hotel had the smallest room I've ever stayed in in my whole life! Room 512! Very small double bed pushed up against the wall with room for just one person to walk down the other side of it.Asked if it was possible to upgrade to a larger room but unfortunately the hotel was full. On checking out I was informed that it was all my fault for requesting a small room?! who would ever request to stay in a cupboard? seriously silly... Lots of other hotels in the area so would suggest using one of them - I shant be going back	
May 8 2008 	adequate for very thin people - who don't like to eat!	I could actually tolerate the very small room, although I'm a big guy. The other reviews are accurate in assessing the nice lobby and excellent bar. The hotel rooms are well maintained so far as cleanliness, quality of sheets and towels. Gosh, the staff could be friendlier! So many hotels are eager to sell postage and to mail your business correspondence or post cards. Not here - you'll be told to walk down the street to the grocery store. I was scolded 2 of the 3 mornings I went downstairs for breakfast. I thought I had reservations for &quot;full buffet&quot; but was firmly reprimanded for helping myself to scrambled eggs instead of just muffins / fruit/ continental fare. Don't bother as the food is just not that good. Location is terrific. You will find great restaurants walking towards Earl's Court. Unbelievable Thai restaurant, a nice breakfast spot with fresh squeezed orange juice just prior to &quot;The LIttle French restaurant&quot; (another goodie) where the road splits in a Y. This hotel is adequate but I think I can research and do a little better next time.	
Apr 10 2008 	Clean..Nice Staff	Clean with pleasant staff. Room was small and as I'm 6ft plus it was a tad cramped. Stayed there for two days and slept well.Not too bad value room rate was about £80 per night.Nearest tube Earls Ct.	
Apr 9 2008 	Nice place but not 4 star rooms !!	The hotel is ideally situated a short walk from Gloucester Road tube station, thus placing it in a perfect location for access to all the London tourist attractions.The rooms however, even though clean and comfortable are very small, I carry the bruises from trying to negotiate a simple journey around the room without constantly bumping into bulky items of furniture. There are basic tea and coffee making facilities in each room, but no mini bar which I would have expected. There were only 5 TV channels available, others had to be paid for extra, something else I would not normally expect to pay for in a 4 star hotel.The staff were friendly, the breakfast I cannot comment on as the price of over £10 per person was somewhat off putting, the 24 hour Sainsbury's just around the corner provided a much cheaper alternative.	
Mar 28 2008 	Nice staff but tiny rooms and paper-thin walls	I expected the rooms to be small - they were - but still nicely appointed. What I didn't expect, despite the reviews (I find I often seem to have stayed in a different hotel to some of the guests who review on this site!) was that I really could hear everything that was going on in the next door room, due presumably to the connecting door and thin walls. This was not helped by the fact that the people in the next door room were obviously having a farewell party before they left for China the next day. In fairness they did try to quieten down when I knocked on the door at 2 a.m. and asked them nicely to calm down!The room was clean and the bathroom and Dove accessories nice but the shower was lukewarm on its highest setting.The staff were generally nice though, especially the barman who obviously took a shine to my 17 year old daughter.Well located, but I'm not sure I'd stay here again - there are other much better hotels in the area for the price.	
Feb 20 2008 	Bedrooms the size of cupboards	This hotel looks great on the website, but take those pictures with a very very large pinch of salt. They bear very little resemblence to what it is actually like! Arrived late at this hotel, reception staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. My room was about the size of a cupboard and even though it was a double, it only had a 3/4 size bed in it, with barely enough room to walk down the side (the other side of the bed was against the wall so you could not have had 2 people staying there). The bathroom was so small you couldn't sit on the toilet without either banging into the toilet roll holder or the bath. The heating did not work and it was freezing cold. I asked for some fresh milk to be brought up to my room which took over an hour. There was no room service (which I found incredible for a so called 4 star hotel) and the reception staff were rude and unhelpful when i tried to have a fax delivered to my room. The rooms are badly sound proofed so I had the noise of the lifts and doors banging all night. Don't get me wrong, the decor is nice, its just that for me comfort and space are more important and this hotel offers neither. Then, on check out, I asked the receptionist to call me a cab, and he refused saying i'd be quicker hailing one on the street (his would take 15 minutes to arrive). Half an hour later I was still standing in the cold and damp trying to hail a cab. All in all a dreadful experience and I would not ever return to this hotel.	
Feb 17 2008 	Very Small Rooms	Stayed on business for three days. The room was very small and the walls very thin. The bathroom of the room next door was next to my bed and you could hear EVERYTHING! OK West London Location. Disappointed that there was only 5 channels on the TV but happy with 'Dove' range of toiletries.	
Feb 17 2008 	Walls are TOO thin!!!	I stayed here for three nights in February 2008.I had booked into the Quality Crown Hyde Park, but upon arrival was told that there was a problem and they would have to move me to another hotel.They booked a taxi for me which arrived within 5 minutes and they offered me a complimentary drink at the bar while I waited.Upon arrival at the new hotel I checked in quickly and was given a room on the 5th floor.I was pleased with the room and the bathroom which were very clean and although not huge were more than sufficient for my needs (the bed was kingsize so I appeared to have been upgraded from the double I booked).My room was cleaned every day and fresh towels/tea and biscuits replenished.Now for the only problem (but a major one).The busy road outside did not disturb me as the windows must be double glazed and I was on the 5th floor, however the walls are like paper!!I have never experienced anything like it.One side of my room had an adjoining door and my neighbours might as well have been sat at the end of my bed having a conversation.I could hear every word they were saying and even things such as a drinks can being opened.Luckily on all three nights my neighbours on that side were foriegn so I was not forced to listen in on conversations...I was staying by myself but if I had been staying with my husband and I had known that every word we were saying could be clearly overheard, I would not have been happy!!I had to go straight to Boots to buy some travel ear plugs for my next two nights, which helped slightly but still couldn't drown out the noise entirely.The lack of privacy and disturbance was unacceptable (I had to turn my TV up to hear it over the conversation next door, and they weren't even shouting!)It is a shame because other than this I would have been very happy with this hotel.It is near Gloucester Road tube and 30 seconds walk from a 24hour Sainsburys and only 5 minutes walk from the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A Museum.The adjoining door seemed to be the main problem ( I could hear the other side as well but it wasn't nearly as bad)If you do stay try and get a room without an adjoining door if possible!!	
Feb 13 2008	Very Uncomfortable Stay	Stayed approximately 7 nights and 8 days. Very uncomfortable. Only saw one cockroach the whole time we were there. I had to stand outside the room in the stairwell as it was about 80 in the room. Very hot and uncomfortable. Window was sealed shut, despite the staff's attempt in opening it. Air conditioner was not working either. Yes, the air conditioner was needed in January. Because the window would not open, the AC was needed. That didn't work either. It blew, but had no cooling effect. The room was clean and orderly, despite the one cockroach running around. That was only one time. But it was otherwise clean. Later found dental floss behind the chair and 1/2 a pill someone had left near the coffee pot, but didn't bother me too much. Just left it alone. Room was small, but we expected that. Pillows cheap and uncomfortable. Towels were thin and small. Bed was kinda hard, but otherwise fine. Nightstand was terribly small. Lighting was fine, plenty of lighting. It was quiet also. Never once woke up to sounds outside in the hall or outside. Continental breakfast much to be desired. My wife ate peaches and wheat toast. I had a crossant with thin meat and warm juice. Ice is a difficult commodity to come by. Same things everyday without anything new on table. Location was fine. Earl's Court is not far away. Used a map to get around to the museums, etc. Good location. Overall it was a rough stay. Not very comfortable, but did meet the very minimal needs of international travelers. i.e. a bed, toilet and bath. My wife may have another opinion, but this is mine. Wife has photos, and may submit a review later.	
Jan 22 2008 	Not great but OK for Central London.	I stayed here last week for business purposes. I stayed in a single room, and whist I expected it to be small, there was literally a walkway between the bed and dressing table, and barely any room for my one overnightcase. Having said this, the bed was a small double bed, and very comfy it was too!The bathroom was similarly tiny, and was purely functional- not the place to take a long soak in the bath. The walls are rather thin, and for the early part of the evening when I was preparing to go out for the evening, all I could here was some chap next door talking away, which had fortunately ceased by the time I got back. Should you have a noisy neighbour, this could prove problematic for a peaceful nights sleep.I was staying on a bed and continental breakfast basis, and the selection fro breakfast was good- cold meats, bread rolls and croissants, Muller yoghurts and a variety of good quality cereals.This hotel was fine for my purposes- a night in Central London for an early morning businss meeting), however I'm not sure that I'd be impressed if I had booked this as a 4* hotel for holiday purposes.	
Jan 3 2008 	great value for money	A great place to stay in London - the hotel is close to two tube stations. The rooms are very clean and comfortable, breakfast is good and the staff was very nice and helpful. I would book the hotel again for my next trip to London.	
Dec 17 2007	No car park	I booked this hotel through Hotel Assist and chose it for location and the hotel car park. On check in I was told they do not provide parking this was discontinued about 3 months ago. The recptionist suggested I try the Marriot over the road or the NCP in Warwick Rd. I drove to Warwick rd which although an NCP is only parking for the council depot next door, the Marriot was full so I ended up in the Holiday Inn 2 blocks away, all this took about an hour in rush hour traffic, leaving me thinkin why didnt i just stay in the Holiday Inn? The room was as anticipated very small but of a good standard if a little worn. I had an adjoining door in my room which the guests next door tried to open on their arrival, the door allowed much of the noise to pass through it leaving me feeling a lack of privacy, thankfully they were not noisey and they were foreign so I didnt have to listen to them prattle on. On the privacy front I was caught with my apnts down by the house keepin gwho decide to let themselves into my room at about 7pm to bring me a free newspaper? The bar was good and the barman was very sociable and humourous. I went for dinner in Earls Court Rd which was a five minute stroll, and can recommend the Prince of Teck pub opposite Nandos. Breakfast I was informed was not on my room rate although I had a booking saying I had a continental breakfast, which the receptionist sorted out for me as it was included, full breakfast was £10.50 so beware of this. Brekkie was ok but nothing special. I will not be staying here again as parking is a must in this area of London. The Holiday Inn cost me £28 for a nights parking basically anything over 12 hrs.	
Dec 15 2007 	A good two stars hotel	We spend four nights in this hotel.Rooms are clean but extremely small - hardly enough space to go around the bed.A MAJOR problem is the door connecting adjacent rooms through where you can hear every whisper of your neighbors.	
Dec 12 2007	Very disappointing	A disappointing stay at this hotel.It was very clean, room rather small.Pillows cheap and uncomfortable, had to ask for another as none in wardrobes as there are usually in hotels and no extra blankets, if needed.Towels in bathroom also needed to be desired, so thin and small, fitted where they touched.Continental breakfast much to be desired, hardly any choice and same things everyday without anything new on table such as different fruit (of which there was only prunes, grapefruit and tinned peaches)or choice of bread (which there was none, only soft rolls).Different meats were all stacked on top of eachother on once plate, so the garlicky smell from one went through to the others, so if you didnt like garlic, tough. Tea and coffee were so weak as well. Well, you've got my gist, very disappointing stay. Also, no information in rooms on things to do and see in London.All the museums a 10 minutes walk down the road but you wouldn't know it, just no information in the rooms or reception about London at all.Plenty on otheer places not in London (who would be interested in those if you are in London) and had to travel hundreds of miles .....beyond me.	
Nov 23 2007 	Enjoyable stay but expensive	Well located hotel with tea &amp; coffee facilities, very clean bathroom and helpful staff. Rooms small but very modern. Stayed for 6 nights in September 2007. Good continental breakfast in pleasant surroundings. Gloucester Road Tube not far away and a Sainsbury store close by. Walking distance to Kensington High Street shops/restaurants as well as Harrods and museums. Expensive but would stay here again.	
Nov 14 2007 	Bad reception service	I stayed in this hotel and had a very bad experience which relates to the service level in the reception. One evening I had 1 hour spare time and wanted to get an internet code from the reception. They did not respond in 1/2 hour. As the reception did not answer I tried to get hold of housekeeping, room service, bar and restarurant. No one answered at all. When walking down to the reception they said they were to bussy to answer the telephone. What would have happend in case of an emergency situation? I lost the possibility of working and no excuse or compensation was offered.	
Nov 6 2007 	unplesant experience	Booked this hotel through a travel agent, not very cheap, about 180 dollars a night for a single room. I expected a comfortable night in order to prepare for a meeting on the next day. Unfortunately when I arrived I was told I would be sent to another place because they didn't have a room for me. I accepted that. However, I got puzzled because I saw many guests who arrived after me got their rooms without any discussion. Finally I was transported to the Quality Crown Hotel at Hyde Park. I was told both hotels were on the same level. I thought that was ok. Then, I got a room in the basement with a window below the street, with three single beds in a small room, rusty bathroom...	
Nov 5 2007	A really good hotel	Pleasently suprised with this hotel after reading some of the other reviews, the hotel was clean and well situated for the rest of london ,with the gloucester road tube station only a 200 metre walk away. The hotel rooms were a good enough size for two people and had the necessary facilities of tea/coffee making equipement, wireless internet, iron/hairdryer. The continental breakfast was more than adequate in the morning the only criticisim is that the tea was a bit weak. One of the other positives of the hotel was that there was a sainsburys almost next door to the hotel great for the essentials. On refelection this hotel was great for the money, and i wouldnt hesitate to stay here again	
Oct 23 2007	Nice hotel but reception staff very rude 	We booked this hotel through london town.com who were very good, we asked for a room which would accommodate three adults. The agency emailed us and said that they could accommodate us all in one room but one of the beds was a campbed more ideal fro a child aged 12yrs. I immediately stated I did not want this and they made enquiries with the hotel and then emailed and said would we accept two interconnecting rooms at the same price. I accepted this. However the nightmare began when we arrived and checked in. We were given the key to a room which had two adult beds and a sofa/camp bed!!!! It was extremely small, very uncomfortable and for the amount of money we had to pay there was no way we were going to accept it. We then went back to reception and spoke to two receptionists , a male who appeared to be a manager? and female. They were both extremely unhelpful and very rude when we tried to explain what we had booked and was not happy with the room. The male made a sarcastic comment that unless we were 7ft tall the sofa bed was fine!!! Im sure he would be the first to complain if he was made to sleep on it!!! They point blankly refused to help and said the hotel was fully booked and there were no rooms. We then contacted the agency london town. com who were very helpful, and was put through to a manager named Malcolm who worked in one of the other quality hotel.He was extremely helpful and apologetic. We explained everything to him and he said he would sort it straightaway.Within five or ten minutes the female receptionist who initailly we had checked in with contacted us via the phone in the hotel room and said that they could now upgrade us to two rooms at no extra cost, and also have breakfast free of charge for the inconvenience! We couldnt believe it, and asked how come there was now all of a sudden available rooms to which she just mumbled something or other! !!I The attitude completely changed with both of them after they realised who we had been in touch with. They definatly had lied to us and probably thought they could get away with putting us in a room with a campbed and hoped that we wouldnt complain. As for the hotel it is lovely, (but I think very expensive for what it is)smart decor etc, and the rooms we eventually got were well furnished and both had proper beds!!!!!!! The breakfast was also nice and the waitresses were much more friendlier and helpful.Im just glad we had booked via london.com as otherwise if we had booked direct with the hotel we probably would have been stuck in the original room with a campbed!	
Sep 10 2007 	great hotel	great location.rooms were clean and modern.superb bathroom.breakfast was good in a lovely room.bar was quiet but nice for a pint.barman was a Orient supporter who had a good attitude.will be back.	
Aug 30 2007 	good value and location	Excellent value (for central london at least) even had morning papers delivered to room unrequested but at no extra chargegood room and service.	
Jul 31 2007	Solid as Westminster Abbey	Found this place through Let's Go Guidebook.Quality, clean hotel convenient to Paddington Station, Bayswater, and Kensington Palace. I took the express directly from Heathrow and almost didn't bother with a cab.The desk clerk was very helpful, and there were enormous number of flyers available in the lobby.Stayed on the first floor of the hotel, which initially worried be about foot traffic, but there was a small noise hall between me and the lobby which muted most noises. The room was compact, but excellently appointed. Great closet space, clean bathroom, obsessively changed linens. The continental breakfast was served next door at the Best Western, standard fare (even had some ham and cheese for some protein). If you're looking for a full English breakfast I recommend the Art Cafe around the corner.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Location	We spent ages online looking for a hotel to stay in for our visit to London and Wimbledon. In the end we had to choose and hope that our choice had been right. If you want luxury and a very spacious room then this hotel (from our experience) isn't for you. However, we just wanted comfortable beds and a base for our stay. The room was adequate for our needs and the bathroom was clean. The towels were changed every day and I believe that the sheets were too - the beds were certainly made. I can't comment on breakfast as this wasn't part of our package. Gloucster Road tube station is a 5-10 minute walk away and is on the Piccidilly and District Lines (may be on Circle too) which was great for getting to most tourist attractions and also a direct journey to Wimbledon and Heathrow, however, we chose to walk to most &quot;local&quot; places. By walking straight down Cromwell Road onto Brompton Road you eventually come to Harrods and then onto Hyde Park Corner passing some of the museums. The hotel is also relatively close to Albert Hall and Kensington Palace if you don't mind a walk. There is also a leading chain supermarket one block away which was very handy when we arrived later at night. All in all, I would go back to this hotel for a weekend break as it was comfortable, clean and the location was great.	
Jun 26 2007 	Above Average hotel	We stayed four nights recently and have stayed there before. It is very well located in south Kensington. If one upgrades to a superior room, the room is quite comfortable by American (i.e. US) standards. The rooms are well furnished and quite clean. The hotel staff is very responsive, and the morning breakfast is quite adequate. All in all, this is a very well run hotel which is very good, as the British say, value for money (in light of the pathetically weak US dollar).	
Jun 26 2007 	Good location to tube system	We stayed at this hotel from June 18 - 23. The hotel is located close to two underground stations in Kensington. We booked this room in what we understood to be a four star hotel. In my opinion the rating should be a three. The room was adequate for our stay, but some of the staff were not very helpful. The bell hop was very helpful and polite our entire stay, and so was the the one gentleman we saw at the reception desk. The rest of the staff treated us as if they were doing us a favor to answer our questions. A continental breakfast was included in the price of our room, which was very high, but if you want a full English breakfast you have to pay more. You also had to pay extra for an internet connection. Kensington, in my opinion, is the best part of London to stay in. We will return to this part of the city again, but will seek a different place to stay.	
May 30 2007 	by no means a four star hotel	I booked this hotel as a surprise to the other half and I have to say I was bitterly disappointed. The hotel is a three star at best, the room (which I paid extra for and was considered an upgrade) was nicely decorated but very cramped. The lobby, bar etc. are nothing special and again both are very small and cramped. I really wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are looking to stay somewhere nice that stands out.	
May 16 2007 	know room to swing a cat	rooms ending 01 eg 401 501 are clearly one room turned into two , possibly the smallest room i,ve stayed in after years of world wide travel, .Next doors bath and shower seems to be inches away from your head bored awoken every morning at 6am by some cheerful traveler singing elton john songs in the shower.CLASS. When we complained the eastern european receptionist claimed SHE DID NOT UNDERSTAND	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Location Average Hotel	We stayed here in April 2007. The hotel is located in beautiful Kensington and close to dining, transportation and shopping. The hotel itself was average in every way. Other than its proximity to the West End of London and other great finds in the neighborhood, this property has nothing special to offer. The room was small, clean and efficient. The staff was polite, though no one went out of their way to provide above-average service. Overall, it was a very bland experience. On future visits, I’d stay here again only if the hotel had an unbeatable price for this area. Kensington itself is a great place to stay, so I’ll keep hunting for a favorite hotel on this side of town…	
Apr 3 2007 	Comfortable	We stayed in the Quality Crown March 15-20th while touring London. This hotel is not in &quot;tourist&quot; London, but is conveniently close to the Gloucester Rd. tube station. We were not able to check in until 2pm, so we walked around London- right down the street is a fantastic shopping area &amp; the Museum of Natural History. We came back to the hotel and had a beer or two at the Cafe in the lobby. The staff (other then the head manager) is largely Eastern European, but that didn't bother us. We actually had a chance to speak to the bar tender awhile about his background &amp; it was interesting. Some of the staff are not fully proficient in English, but if you are patient &amp; speak slowly they will take care of you. Our room was located on the 4th floor facing the street. It was large by European standards. It was one of the rooms that had been renovated. We had about 2 feet around each side of our bed, a large closet, a safe, and a bathroom. The bathroom was clean and well-kept. (and had some extra soap and etc...) The only downside to the room is that you can hear everything next door &amp; in the hallway. So if you are saying something you don't want everyone to hear, then speak softly! Our room was serviced everyday and we had no complaints. Our goods got stuck in the safe so we had to call and get someone to help us out. A young lady arrived right away and helped us out, so it wasn't a problem. I do, however, maintain that the safe was dysfunctional. Breakfast was very good. Somedays we had the regular continental, and other days we had the full-english breakfast. (you have to pay for the full-english breakfast) We found the food fresh...and especially enjoyed the cheeses that were set out. Unfortunately, somedays it became very crowded in the hotel during this time of day! My advice is arrive as early as you can for breakfast so you don't end up being squashed among others while eating!We didn't have any problems with the elevator (&quot;lift&quot; as they call it) while we were there. Everyone was pretty helpful when we needed directions &amp; etc.. around London.The best part about the hotel is that it is located near many restaurants (Thai, Italian, etc...). We ate somewhere new everyday. It's also conveniently close to an internet cafe in case you need to write emails home or anything. Overall, it was a good experience. If you are looking for something ornate or posh then I would suggest you stay somewhere else. If you are looking for regular accomodations and a nice breakfast in the morning then this hotel is for you.	
Mar 21 2007 	Terrible customer service	I got sent here from their sister hotel-Quality Crown Paddington after they gave away my room reservation (but that's another story). The morning after that debacle, (this was for a business trip) I requested a cab from the front desk at 6:15 a.m. They called my room and woke me up at 5 a.m. saying my &quot;taxi was here&quot;. Clearly the guy at the front desk had wriiten down the wrong time as I am 100% certain I told him 6:15 NOT 5:15. In any case- these mistakes happen.However, when I got downstairs for the &quot;early&quot; cab after rushing to get ready- the guy at the front desk began to argue with me and say it was my fault - he was very unpleasant and completely unapologetic.This was clearly an error of the guy at the front desk- but his behavior was worse than the error itself! Horrible customer service- I won't go back.	
Mar 14 2007	Hot and 'can I be 'bothered	The hotel is an easy walk from Gloucester Rd station and although it looks like a '70's hell hole the reception and bar are modern, though the lifts and corridors have that dated hotel feel to them . If you are prepared to tolerate the nonchalant reception staff and the downright ignorant porters then front of house isn't a problem! You can't check in early but you can leave your bags before and after your stay and you do get a free paper and chocolates so it is pros and cons.The rooms all seem to be small - ours was adequate but there was no available space around the bed. The bed was small for a double and really uncomfortable, too hard and only two pilows . Sound proofing was fine though even though our room was on the front! The bathroom again was small but spotless and I had a great hot bath - the shower was powerful too. The main complaint was the heat in the room, we were boiling as you can't open the windows, so we had to leave the AC on all night - not environmentally friendly or that healthy. For £85 it wasn't as bad as we were expecting but not that great either. The location is brilliant so maybe another hotel on that road could offer a better deal and more chirpy staff?	
Mar 13 2007	Quality Crown was great!	My husband and I stayed here back in the middle of February for 9 nights. We were both a little nervous as to what kind of hotel we were going to be staying because of some of the reviews on here. We kind of had a feeling that the bad reviews were just from winey people who like to complain and have things absolutely perfect. Anyway, we both loved the hotel. Sure, the rooms are smaller than hotels in America, but I would not say they were too small. There was enough room for our 2 big suitcases and for us to walk around.  Check in and check out both went smoothly and quickly. As for the continental breakfast, we only made it up once. It was fine. It was free. If you don’t like it then go somewhere else instead of complaining that it wasn’t up to your standards. The location is very nice. It is situated in between Earl’s Court tube station and Gloucester rd tube station. We tended to use Gloucester Rd more often. Sainsbury’s grocery store is nearly next to the hotel, very convenient. There is a good amount of restaurants and pubs within walking distance.  We did not have a problem with the service we received. I do believe the reviewers who said they had something tacked onto their bill, but I am glad this did not happen to us.We did not have a problem with sound. The room next to us was adjoining, but we brought a fan with us because we like to sleep with one and ran it pretty much the whenever we were in the room and if I wouldn’t have seen the people from the room next to us I would have thought it was vacant. The beds were also comfortable and we slept well.  Some people here say that no one is ever in the bar/lounge. There was always a couple people in the bar area at all times in the afternoon/evening. There is Boddington’s and Stella Artois on tap which was enough for us. For a hotel bar the prices were not too bad. Bottom line the hotel was nice, clean, the beds were comfortable we had no troubles with staff and we will probably stay here again next time we are in London. Oh yeah and if you have to make a local call it is much cheaper at a pay phone on the street.	
Mar 5 2007 	Good base to stay	I have just returned from a weekend stay in London, staying 1 night at the Quality Crown Kensington. I was initially put off by some of the reports, but I have to say that it was a very nice hotel. We booked 2 twin rooms and when we arrived they only had 1 booked for us, but with minimal fuss another room was organised for us, the only downside to this was that it was a smoking room and did smell of stale smoke (roll on April 2nd!). There was no noise at night and I had a very good nights sleep.We had continental breakfast, which was fine. Bread, cheese, meats, croissants, toast, jam, cereals, 3 different juices etc. The waitresses were very nice and attentive. The person serving behind the bar had very little knowledge of English, but good old pointing, gesturing and smiling got us the drinks we wanted!Check out wa very quick and efficient.I would stay here again, probably for up to 3 nights. It is in a very good location within walking distance to bus stops and tube stations.	
Feb 27 2007	Poor customer service	I have been here before with my wife before the renovation. My experiences were OK then, so I booked this hotel (single room) for 4 nights for a business occasion.As prior reviewers indicate, the hotel has a good location (Kensington near underground station Gloucester road) and the renovation ensured that the room (despite small) was well maintained and clean. However, there were some definite downsides to this hotel. An odd feature of this hotel is that every room besides a door to the hallway also has a room to the neighbouring room. The door is closed (so you do not have to be afraid for unwanted visits) but is not very well isolated with respect to noise. So if a couple in the neigbouring room is talking with each other, or one of them is coughing, it sounds like they are doing this in your own room. Basically, noise is a problem in this hotel (not only for me, but also for a collegae who accompenied me during this trip).The next issue is breakfast. My secretary ordered this hotel through internet and also ordered breakfast. Breakfast is divided in a small section that they label to be continental breakfast (limited number of bread, one kind of cheese, one kind of ham, some jam, all very basic) and english breakfast (eggs, sausages, etc.). Beware of the fact that when you order breakfast, it could be - as in my case - that you have only subscribed to the continental version and not the english version. So basically you have to pay about 5 pounds extra for each breakfast to be able to also enjoy the english breakfast (which you might really need considering the very basic choice available at the continental breakfast). But my main concern is the poor (!!!!!) customer service from the (mainly east-european) staff. Some examples: At the first morning we enjoyed both the continental and english breakfast until some waiter came to our table and made us very clear that we were not entitled to the english breakfast and therefore we had to pay. It was not so much the content of the message, but the schoolteacher kind of way this was announced to us. Another example, most items at breakfast are out-of-stock at a certain moment and questions whether they had some jam, cheese or brown bread were not adequately answered (basically, they looked at you, murmled something that they would check without ever returning) or when the breakfast room was full, they just said that you should try it again later. But the most striking example was when we checked out: they added a bottle of champagne to our bill. As we replied that we did not order any champagne, their reply was: you did and they showed a form with my room number with a signature that was not mine. I tried to convince them that there was an error made but he looked not even remotely interested and replied that he was not interested in arguing with me and I had to pay. It speaks for itself that I refused, but the whole way the communication took place in this hotel is a major turn-off!!!!	
Feb 14 2007 	A good hotel to stay when visiting London	We stayed in this hotel for 6 nights, the hotel is located in Kensington area, there are many other hotels along this street, so it's good location for visitors. It's about 5 minutes walk to the Gloucester road subway station along the busy Cromwell Road. The supermarket Sainsbury's is 2 minutes walk from the hotel.The hotel room is relatively small (just like most of other hotel rooms in Europe), but it's clean and well organized. Staffs are friendly and helpful. If arriving before check in time, they will store the luggage.	
Feb 13 2007 	ok budget hotel	Stayed there for 1 night. The hotel is located between Gloucester Road and Earls Court stations. There´s also a bus stop about 2 minutes walk away to get to Harrods or Marble Arch if you fancy that sort of thing. Just about the same distance is a big Sainsburys supermarket, perfect if you happen to forget to pack your toothbrush like I did.The hotel itself is a typical budget hotel. The room was tiny but clean and included everything necessary but nothing more. The great thing is their internet-via-TV service for only 3 pounds per 24hours. That´s cheap for a London hotel. There was an air conditioning unit with heat pump but it didn´t help against a cold breeze blowing at bed-level. Luckily they gave ma an extra blanket.The continental breakfast was adequate: croiisants, cereals, ham, cheese and toast. Upgrade to Full English buffet for those with big appetite was appr. 4 pounds. The main thing which annoyed me was that I specifically booked a smoking room and it was a non-smoking hotel!Overall I would recommend this hotel for a budget single traveller for a very short stay.	
Feb 7 2007 	Keep an open mind	I, too, was concerned about the negative reviews about the hotel - was expecting to get there to be turned out on the street to find alternative accommodation. Thank goodness this wasn' t the case.We booked in, the lift worked and was surprised that the room wasn't a matchbox - maybe we had one of the slightly bigger rooms, but it was fine and let's face it, if you're spending the weekend in London all you need a hotel room for is to sleep in - unless you're on honeymoon of course!Excellent base for exploring London and not far from V &amp; A, National History Museum and half a mile from the tube (Gloucester Road). Breakfast was good - we had full English and waitresses were very efficient. Had a pizza in the bar lounge on our last evening and I enjoyed that too.All in all, we had a good experience.	
Feb 6 2007 	Not nice	We stayed in the hotel for 1 week. The room was too small for 2 adults. The double bed could barely fit into the room. The room was just re-decorated and had strong paint smell. Windows could not be opened. Aircon was broken, heating did not work and it was too cold. There were no other rooms available to exchange the room. One night the light fuse was broken and we did not have light for the whole evening. Hotel manager offered us at 8.30pm to go and stay at their Paddington hotel. Our opinion - for the same money you pay for this hotel, might as well stay in Marriott hotel, that is right across the road.	
Feb 3 2007 	Nice stay but be prepared!!	Having read negative reviews on this hotel we did know what to expect. Once we arrived we were greeted by the staff who wernt over friendly but friendly enough. Once allocated our room we went to the lft to expect it not to work as many of the reviews had said we had no problem with it. But dont expect to get a lot in there is very small!!Our room was on the top floor but had an ok view of a street. We found the room clean jus the hairdryer didnt work so be prepared. The walls are very thin as well so expect to hear everything	
Jan 30 2007 	Lovely Hotel	We were a little concerened after reading some negative reviews of this hotel. It is a few minutes walk from Glouster Road Tube station, the Natural History museum and if your up for a walk, Harrods!The room was spotless and a fair size although not massive. The beds were turned down at night and a choccie left on the pillow, which surprised us. Breakfast was lovely although a little limited if you had continental, the full english, however was beautiful.Would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 29 2007 	Decent stay	Location:The location is great. There are two tube stations to choose from and nice shops and restaurants near the hotel. The hotel is situated in a residential area therefore it is quiet at night. Rooms: The rooms are TINY. The room that we booked was a double but the bed was very small. There is barely any space to walk around. The room only works if you are just there to lie down. The bed was pretty comfortable and the room was clean.Service: We asked the front desk to call for a cab since the area was pretty residential but they said they couldn't accomodate us, so I was a little dissapointed.Overall: If you just need a place to lie your head, it is a decent value for your dollar. Don't expect any &quot;extras&quot; at this hotel.	
Jan 18 2007 	Booked but didn't get to stay there!!	Well, I booked 2 rooms at this hotel, 1 executive king and 1 double last Wednesday hoping to stay on the Thursday. As far as I could see from their website they had rooms available. This hotel was chosen because #1 - it had parking, #2 it was quite close to the Royal Albert Hall where we were going to see Cirque du Soleil.So, we arrive in London thinking all is well. We find the hotel which we thought looked ok even if it was right next door to a hospital.Went inside and the guy at reception said that they had had to let our rooms go as there was a problem with my debit card. Some excuse about there being one digit short. Now, if there was a problem with my card, which I know for a fact wasn't the case I am fairly sure this would have been picked up upon entering the details onto their site.Anyway, the guy said they had tried to call me to let me know. I told him my phone was switched on from 10am and that I didn't have any missed calls and no voice mail message was left. So when we arrive we are non the wiser.He did say they had booked us into their Paddington hotel, If we had wanted to stay in Paddington we would have booked to stay there. He was trying to say it was my fault, but in effect their website is pants, and does not update when they are fully booked!I have since sent 3 emails to the Quality Crown asking for a proper explanation. Have they replied..............well no. So much for customer service!!!In my opinion, if you are looking to stay at this hotel....think again!!	
Jan 11 2007 	Recommended	We are confidently recommending this hotel. The bedrooms are very nicely decorated, the bathrooms sparkling….this hotel was meeting our every single need….Our thanks to Stephen, the Hotel’s Manager, for checking us in earlier than the check in time.	
Jan 3 2007 	Beware	If the hotel is not full, you may get a nice room, but watch out for the &quot;City Room,&quot; assigned to those given a discounted rate when all rooms are booked. The room is barely large enough for the standard double bed pushed against the wall. Only one person at a time may move alongside the bed to the bathroom at one end of the room, or the luggage stand at the other. People were helpful - storing luggage for the day, providing train schedules -- but unwilling to give us a different room. The reception area and bar are nice, but smoky, and breakfast costs $20/each.	
Dec 30 2006 	A pleasant surprise	I booked this hotel, despite reading several very negative reviews on this site, because it was in the location I wanted and it presented excellent value.Expecting the worst, I was pleasantly surprised with every aspect of the hotel. The welcome was enthusiastic and friendly, as were the front desk staff throughout my four-day stay. The room was of a reasonable size and beautifully decorated, with suede (or perhaps suede-effect) bedspread and headboard, the usual tea/coffee facilities, and in-room internet for a reasonable 2.99 a day (although local cafes also charge 1.00 an hour). The bathroom was fine, with a very good shower.The bar area looked comfortable and welcoming, although I didn't use it, and the breakfast room was nicely decorated with the Eastern-European staff all attentive and - the word again - pleasant. The continental breakfast was adequate, but one day I upgraded to the full English breakfast for an extra 4.50. That really is superb, with good sausages, thick bacon instead of that thin and brittle American rubbish, and even black pudding. The scrambled eggs were the clincher for me, as they were made with water instead of milk or egg powder. Just a personal preference, but in my experience something hard to find in hotels.If there has to be any negative, it is the tiniest one. Breakfast during the week ends at 9.30, and I saw at least one couple disappointed. Tourists, if not business guests would probably appreciate an extra 30 minutes. And, as others have pointed out, the walls are too thin.I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Dec 12 2006	No Room at the Inn - apparently	A friend and I, both females, booked a room at this hotel 1 week in advance through Expedia. We arrived at the hotel at 2.30 in the morning to find that our room was not available, apparently due to a problem with hot water. We were therefore being redirected to a hotel in Bayswater.We received this news with some consternation as all of our following days meetings were based on our being in Kensington. Whilst arguing this point and asking to be relocated to a suitable alternative hotel in Kensington another guest arrived. The new guest was then allowed to check-in as normal and was given the key to her room.The hotel receptionist suggested that it was up to us whether we accepted the alternative hotel option or not. He did manage to locate his Marketing Director by telephone who was similarly unhelpful. The Marketing Director offered to pay for our taxi to our next location on the proviso that we would not register further complaints. On being furnished with what proved to be spoof telephone numbers for the Managing Director and the Marketing Director, we were forced to find alternative accommodation.I would suggest visitors to London be very careful when booking this hotel.	
Dec 10 2006 	Hotel horrors!!	We booked this hotel directly, as we wanted to ensure a car park space, and if you book through the on line sites it isnt actually guaranteed, as they actually only have 2 spaces which are really small.If you have a large car you have no chance of fitting in the lift which you have to drive into to get down to the car park.That was the first problem.After leaving the car we went off shopping in London, coming back to shower and head off for dinner before going to see George Michael at Earls Court.... the reason we booked this hotel as it is so close. On our return we were then told by the manager our room was taken by the previous occupants , so it was tough but we no longer had a room, and they had booked us into a 3* hotel in Notting Hill, and basically it was just one of those things, and we shouldnt make a fuss... We managed to get them to pay for a taxi, but the other hotel was damp, and nasty. On our return the following day the Manager actually let us off paying for the room and the car park, as they had been so out of order. We felt this was only fair, as they had really inconvenianced us, and another 9 rooms too, which all had the same thing happen to them on the same evening. Be very wary, as this could well happen to you too.Shame, as the bar and reception were lovely.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great location for Earls Court	Having read the reviews i went ahead and booked two double rooms due to the location to Earls Court. Firstly we stayed in 610, nicely decorated, bed small, certainly the smallest i have ever encountered in the many hotels in which i have stayed, on sleeping in the bed i found myself on a vertical slope, the matress was appalling, one side rock hard and the other the springs could be felt. The climate control, don't be fooled the hotel is set at the same temperature you have no control so the room can be a little stifling,the bathroom well you won't be having any parties in there, barely room for one let alone two people. We fared better than our friends in 402 as we had about a foot extra space. Staff on reception when we checked in prefered to chat on the phone then tried to say that we had booked a singe and a double, waiting staff very attentive at breakfast, we had the full breakfast which was hot, however is you like strong tea suggest they put in an extra bag. All in all the loaction was perfect but as to the comfort of the room next time i will spend a little more, the hotel has been decorated and looks good although the painted lift doors are unsual. We didn't use the bar so can't comment, only complaint is the smokey atmosphere and yes if you have adjoining doors you may lucky enough to listen to next door making a cuppa in the morning.	
Nov 29 2006 	Absoloutely awful	After reading the reviews I was looking forwards to staying at the &quot;Quality&quot; Crown Kensington!! What a mistake that was. We were on the top floor and had to listen to a loud boiler noise the whole time we were in our room. The walls were paper thin and you could hear everything that happened in the room next door. The shower was very weak and there was a condom packet from the previous visitors.DO NOT STAY HERE! 4 STARS IS A JOKE!	
Nov 17 2006 	Let down by atitude	Quality Crown Hotel KensingtonHotel is well located clean and generaly in good condition. When booking we were offered the option of a small double or std double room with an extra charge for the std. We took the std but when we got there we were given a small room with two twin beds pushed together and two twin douvet. We went down to reception and found the receptionist to be very unhelpfull and even arigent. The hotel was let down by his atitude.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great location and that's just about it	This four star (!) hotel promises a lot yet delivers rather the opposite. &quot;The hotel's 85 elegant rooms have a chic modern feel - their spacious uncluttered interiors will ensure you have a relaxing and comfortable stay&quot;, claims the hype. My room (No 403 - avoid at all costs) was small and triangular in shape, cluttered with all not very practical items (like two chests of drawers), with an over-dominant twin bed (the matrasses are very comfortable though), one chair (! - in a double room?!?), no desk (a low round table was to serve as its substitute), no flat screen TV (don't believe the room description), and no fridge or bar! Could you believe it?!? In a supposedly four star establishment? Such discrepancy between the management's wish and the reality are typical for south European holiday destinations. Here I would've expected more decency.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great accommodation	We booked one double room through Gtahotels.com at 75 pounds per night per room, continental breakfast included.At this rate, this was a great accommodation. The hotel is not 4 minutes' walk from Earl's Court tube.Rooms are small but very comfortable and exceptionally clean. Recently refurbished, rooms are very nice and with a warm atmosphere. There is individual climate control, trouser press, in-room safe and electronic door locks. Bed was large and with a good mattress, so we slept very well. Our room (number 103) had a connection door, and we could hear every single word said in the connected room. This was the only drawback. Breakfast was ok ( tea, toasts , jams, cheese, ham, yogurt) as continental. The staff was ok. We spend really a good moment at Quality Crown Kensington. We are surely coming back.	
Oct 28 2006 	Decent	Based on price and location, this is a decent choice. Staff is friendly but has its Fawlty Towers moments. Wifi did not work in room, even though paid for. Bed and bathroom were ok though. Subway is a bit of a walk, certainly if it rains and the area, although convenient because of the Pic Line, is at best uninspiring.	
Oct 2 2006 	Not what it says	Just spent three nights at this hotel with my wife.Booked on the web and I was persuaded by the description of facilities.On checking in we were shown to our &quot;double &quot; room on the fourth floor.In fact the room was so small two people could not pass each other and you had to move a chair in order to reach the window.The bed was narrow and while clean the room was most certainly not a double.Upon enquiry we were advised by a rather unhelpful male receptionist that the room was standard and that &quot;executive&quot; rooms were more expensive.This was in fact misleading because we were able to discover that immediately across the corridor from us were rooms of much larger size at no extra cost.On arriving for breakfast the first morning at 9.20am [9.30 finish] we were told sternly by a waitress in poor English that &quot;You must come earlier tomorrow morning&quot; [Sat breakfasts finish at 10.30am]On check out our bill had mysteriously accumulated the sum of £164.50 for &quot;movies&quot; and &quot;music&quot;.We had not purchased either and we were told to forget this as it had been a &quot;mistake&quot;.This hotel is in a very good location and is quite central.It is just a pity that management could not be somewhat more forthcoming about room details in advertising the hotel.Moreover the hotel could do with investment in staff training as they are well short of the standards of common courtesy which are to be reasonably expected.I would not use this hotel again.	
Sep 27 2006 	An oasis of fresh air during the heatwave!	I stayed in Country Inn and Suites for 3 nights for my trip to England. I was in London during the heatwave and hopefully I was in this hotel, as air conditionning is actually rare in this megacity, especially for 3 star hotels and Less.The lobby is elegant, there is a nice contemporary bar where people sit to watch footbal games while drinking some english beer.The rooms are quite small, but the bed has an outstanding design and is extremly comfortable.The staff could be frendlier, but they are efficient and they are even able to book some day bus/walking tour that takes you from your hotel lobby to England's deepest countries and charming towns.The complimentary breakfast was good...Finally the location is brillant: kensington is a stylish and quiet neighboorhood that is close to most of London's Attractions. There is a night bus stopping in front of the hotel so you can go out and come back at any time !	
Sep 25 2006 	Too Much Money For Too Little	This is now called the &quot;Quality Crown-Kensington&quot;, and is nice, except for size of the rooms/bathrooms, and lack of amenities. For the price I expected there to be at least an ice machine and decent a/c, but no such luck. Plus, two people can't pass each other in the same room, barely any space between the end of the bed and the walldesk. Not a bad location, but underground stations (Gloucester and Earl's Court) are located a good walk away. Not so handy after days of constant walking over uneven streets and hundreds of narrow staircases. Breakfast was quite good though, if you have the full english breakfast included in the room price.	
Sep 2 2006 	2 thumbs up!	I chose this hotel on the net as it was a great price and close to everything.having just being around the world and meeting a friend in london(who'd never been there)we wanted something in a good location.Got there early in the morning(8am)and asked when we could check in.An older guy in reception told us to come back at lunchtime.We were able to store our luggage in the meantime which not all hotels do!returned later and got into room(a twin) was very modern with a blue feature wall and comfy king single size beds.only complaint was the room was quite small but then it is london so it didnt worry me a great deal.bathroom was a good size and spotless.had brekki next day(full english which was included in price)-went down well before a great days sightseeing.Next day had dinner in brasserie down stars as went to a musical-food was delicious and quick.staff often called us mini cabs to go to eurostar etc and it was never too much trouble.gloucester rd tube in only a 5 min walk away at worst.cheap internet cafe close by-1.60 for an hour.fantastic italian restaurant close by and sainsbury's next door if u forget something!overall i thought this hotel was excellent value and would definately stay there again!	
Aug 26 2006 	Good Hotel shame about the Manager	Overall we were pleased with this hotel. It is in a great location, is very clean, although some of the rooms are very small. We arrived late to be greeted by the Night Manager who couldn't have been more friendly and helpful; disappointing therefore when we had a problem the next day to find the Day Duty Manager unhelpful to the point of surly. I suggest Crown Hotels send him on a refresher Customer Service course to remind him of the reason why he is there. It wouldn't stop me booking the hotel again though because it is good value for money.	
Aug 16 2006	Just Okay	The room was tiny as would be expected. It was clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff seemed to always be absent. It was a challenge to find anyone working the bar or someone at the desk who wasn't on the phone. It also seemed like every question was answered with &quot;I don't know.&quot; We gave up and got better advice on the street. This hotel was very convenient to the tube and there is a large grocery a few hundred yards away. There is a great Indian Brasserie a few doors down. I wasn't unhappy with my stay, but definately would look around.	
Jul 22 2006 	you get what you pay for and this is excellent value	this hotel is spot on. The rooms are small, but lovely, and seemingly newly decorated, and when you're in London how much time do you spend in your room anyway? Anything bigger would just be a waste. Our rate included full-english breakfast, which I don't usually bother with, but the food was really good, not at all greasey. Our rate also included car parking, and I wish they had told me before I pulled my car into the lift just how tight it was going to be... I had about 2 inches clearance either side, and that was with my mirrors folded in... if you've got a big car you would definately have to leave on the street.I've stayed quite a few places in London, and this is where I will be staying next time, but I'll be getting the train!Overall, a nice comfortable stay, and great value.	
Jul 22 2006	excellent locationsuper service spotless	Great Hotel with very friendly service. Comfortable, spotless, small but adequate bedrooms with good but card operated airconditioning. Attractive entrance and breakfast room. Managed to get underground parking, which is very limited and the lift is only suitable for a small car! This modernised hotel is alongside the Cromwell Hospital,minutes from the Gloucester Road Tube and regular buses into Knightbridge-suggest daily bus pass for only £3.50 (children free). Sainsburys Supermarket next door is very useful. Try to get a room on the 4th or 5th floor which is quiter. The lift is small for big luggage. Excellent reasonable price food at DaMarco Italian Restaurant, 15 Gloucester Road about a 10 minute walk -turn left onto Gloucester Road from Cromwell Road and it's at the top of the road on the right. It was a favourite with Princess Diana who lived locally, and there is a big painting of her with the owner. Try the delicious red wine with lemonade spritzer! We will definitely use this hotel again.	
Jul 17 2006	Clean and Affordable	My husband and I stayed at the hotel in July for three nights. The air conditioning was a huge blessing in the rather warm London summer. We found the hotel to be very clean and well decorated. Everything looked like it was well taken care of. I would defintely recommend a room without a connecting door. They are slightly smaller but are much quieter. Some friends of ours had a room with an ajoining door and said they could hear their neighbors quite clearly through the thin walls. Be careful when you make your reservations. We thought breakfast was included with our room booked through Expedia but it turned out not to be. No big deal, the Sainsbury (grocery store) is literaly next door and has both Starbucks and an excellent bakery.We ended up using the Earls Court Tube station more often then Gloucester Road. If you turn right on Cromwell instead of left then make a left on Earls Court Road, you'll find it on your right. There are several great and fairly inexpensive restuarants in that area and we felt like it was bit closer than Gloucester. Overall the hotel was in a nice location and you can't beat the price for London accomodations! We'd stay here again.	
Jul 16 2006	Nice enough	We were here in July 2006. I chose this hotel after hours of searching on the net, and finally decided to go here because of its location and the (for London standards) reasonable price. I got a price of 86 pounds incl. continental breakfast, which amounts to 95 pounds incl. taxes. The hotel looks disgusting from the outside, luckily it gets better when you're inside. The lobby looks fine. We were given room 606 (at the front of the hotel), which had obviously been repainted on the day of our arrival. The smell of paint was horrible, so we went back to the reception and they relocated us to room 210 (at the back of the hotel) without any problems. It's a good room, but tiny! Don't go to this hotel if you're claustrofobic or slightly overweight, you won't be able to move! The good thing about 210 is that it's situated at the back of the hotel which means you can open the window, since there is hardly any noise there. And although it's next to the elevator, we never heard it. The bed was also tiny and cramped, but apart from that it was fine. Good duvet, nice pillows, lovely linnen. The room has everything you need in a room, from tea and coffee making facilities and a hair dryer to internet access and a safe. Bathroom was fine, some small enamel stains in the tub, but apart from that it was okay, spacious and a good working shower. The decor is fine, and actually looks quite up to date.At the time of our visit they were redecorating the rooom next to us (211) and that caused some noise problems, but not bad enough to complain about that. Do not book a room including breakfast! Breakfast is poor, and separated into 2 areas, continental and full english. Country Inns &amp; Suites should be ashamed of both. You have to pay an extra 4.50 pounds if you want to have a full english breakfast, and I'm sure if you like overcooked sausages and pale eggs you'll love it. For me it's sure not worth it. I've had better at a lesser charge. Just go down Hogarth Street to Earls Court, there's a Bakers Oven there who sell delicious stuff at half the price you'd pay at the hotel! As said, I chose this hotel mainly because of location. Earls Court tube station is very closeby and so is Gloucester Road. It's a definite plus for the hotel! All in all, I'm not sure if I would stay here again, I liked it, service was good (apart from the service at the breakfast buffet, the girls from Eastern Europe keep on bothering you about breakfast stuff and although they probably mean well, it's does get on your nerves as does the fact that they all loudly talk to each other in something that sounded Polish or Bulgarian), but the fact that the room was so tiny might stop me from paying 95 pounds per night next time.	
Jul 4 2006	an abomination cancelled reservation	I had booked the Country Inn in Kensington for a one night stay after a long cruise specifically to be close to the Picadilly line to get to Heathrow. I spent countless hours reviewing hotels and locations and finally decided the Country Inn would do because it had a/c, an elevator and was within walking distance with heavy luggage of the Gloucester tube. We arrived at the hotel around 11 a.m. and did not expect to be able to check in but wanted to leave the luggage. The man looked up the reservation and said the room was not ready but we could check the bags and come back at 2:00. So we left and went sightseeing and came back around 5:00. The receptionist them informed us there were no more rooms available and they had found us a room at another hotel in Paddington. Needless to say, I freaked out after choosing this hotel for its location. Paddington is about a 20 minute taxi ride from Kensington and also requires multiple train changes to get to Heathrow. the receptionist was such a [-] and totally did not care about us making it to the airport in the morning. While we were standing there arguing with her, another British man checked in and got his room! I could not believe it. I think we were given such poor service because we are Americans. Anyway, after insisting that another hotel would not do and I could not be carrying my luggage all over London, she called a taxi to take us to the Quality Inn in Paddington. In the morning they were supposed to have arranged a cab to take us back to the Gloucester tube station in Kensington which was not done and we had to wait 30 minutes for the cab, meanwhile worrying we would miss our plane. And the staff was so bad they gave us a big f-you and did not call us with the wake up call! Thak God I had brought my alarm clock and set it. There is no alarm clock in the room. So, to say we had an awful experience at the Country Inn would be an understatement. They were too cheap to put us up somewhere in Kensington and expected us to get a cab or take the tube across town with our luggage. This is the first time a reservation was not honored for me and I am still traumatized by the attiude of the staff. Completely unacceptable and I will never stay at a Country Inn in the States or oversees again. Shame on you.	
Jul 4 2006	Good Quality Small Space	The room had great accommodations was clean, and the staff was very helpful and polite. The bed was hard and the hair dryer was shoddy. The lobby/bar was very clean, modern, and empty, never saw anyone there who didn't work there. The room was very small and very quiet, too quiet in fact with the thin walls (ask for a room without a door connecting to another room so you don’t hear your neighbor and vice versa.) The view from room 512 was out the back, so there was no street noise, but also no view. The air conditioning was great. Continental breakfast was par, in fact we only went 1 of 3 days. The Sainsbury grocery store down the road was a much better option--we purchased breakfast/lunch and then ate at the Starbucks in the store. Gloucester station was a simple walk with many restaurants, the grocery store (open 24/7 weekdays), cheap internet cafe, convenience stores, and a few hole-in-the-wall tourist traps on the way. I would not recommend the Italian restaurant directly across the side street from the hotel. The service, cleanliness, and food were horrible in their own rite, let alone combined together.The Marriott across the street seemed much nicer, and the Holiday Inns were closer to the tube, might look into those next time. Otherwise, the location was great. Both double-decker bus tour companies run by Gloucester station too, we found that to be worthwhile for our first visit to London. We booked through Otel and paid $455 for 3 nights, saving about 30 pounds/night with other agents/direct.Finally, we didn't realize the tube stops at 0045, so we paid 23 pounds for a taxi from Liverpool Station to the hotel.	
Jun 21 2006 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of June. The rooms are kind of on the small side however the room i was given was very clean, very modern and as other reviews have mentioned, nice clean bathrooms. My room seemed to of been re-done recently, however, i stayed on the 2nd floor and the builders seemed to be working on the 3rd floor. I agree that the walls are like paper, but beds are great, very comfortable and clean, to be honest, i was asleep very quickly so thin walls not too much of a problem.The hotel is situated in a great location, tubes and buses are all with-in 5 mins walk away, breakfast is continental, this is very bland and the 'British' breakfast, eggs, bacon, sausage etc is fantastic but too costly at around 10 pounds, i would walk the 5 mins and go to local cafe's nearby.The hotel is great value with clean rooms, it's modern and the bar is open for guests 24hrs! fantastic. The staff are mostly european, one or two English, but hey, it's London! The female receptionist can be somewhat 'lights on, no ones home' sometimes but once she understood what i wanted, she carried out her duty perfectly, however, don't expect a smile from her all the time.I stayed at this hotel for 4 days and to be honest, most of my evenings was spent in the hotel bar, very relaxing with big screen TV, only problem i had was that the chairs give you a somewhat 'closed in' feeling. Bar could do with better air-conditioning, only had two doors open near bar, although when i stayed, London was not that hot, i can imagine that the bar area could get really stuffy during a hot period. Highlight of hotel for me was the 'Intellectual' barman called Joe. Great character, knew London very well and made my stay in London an easier time. I would recommend this, although more suited to 1-2 people per room. I will be staying here again.	
Jun 6 2006	Good value	This is a fine hotel value for the money. I am surprised by some of the other reviews, in fact. (Also, the reviewer who says the Internet cafe down the street charges 80 POUNDS is wrong---the correct amount is 80 PENCE, or about a $1.50. I used that cafe with no problem. There is an even cheaper one in Earls Court directly across from the Tube station that only charges 50 pence---or less than a dollar, for 1 hour.Room is very small, but clean. However, the maid will not change bed linens unless you specifically ask. We didn't mind, but some might. (The card that says &quot;don't change my linens to save the environment is therefore kind of a farce). Electric coffeepot and free instant coffee/tea nice. Also nice body wash/shampoo combo in the bathroom that actually does a good job on your hair.We did not have problems with noise or thin walls. Everything was very quiet. Front desk staff were very polite and knowledgable, also helped us book a tour. There are grocery stores in the area and the Earls Court neighborhood is great for cheap eats.	
May 29 2006	could do better	I just got back from staying at this hotel for 6 nights. It was ok but they really could do better. My friend and I were able to book 6 nights here in a room with 2 twin beds for $800 (including all the taxes and surcharges and continental breakfast) on --- (search this site for great deals, the best I could find on the Internet). Our room was typically small but not as small as I was expecting, clean, and had been renovated. We had a nice street facing view on the 4th floor. The walls are very thin, expect to hear everything from the guests next door. If you're staying there anytime soon, they were doing a lot of work on other rooms on the 4th floor, making a huge racket knocking out tiles. This wasn't really a problem for us though b/c we were usually gone during the day. The elevator was working but it's very small. I think it was fine for the money, clean and safe, but I would try to find something closer to the West End if I went back to London. Also we were warned by the hotel staff and by signs in the area to be aware for pickpocketers, they operate in that area. We didn't have any problems but it does happen so keep that in mind if you're staying in the Kensington area. Some other helpful info if you stay here:1. My biggest complaint with the hotel: they missed our wake-up call on our last morning. Their excuse? They didn't have one, they just missed it. I woke up 2 hours after it was supposed to come and my friend and I came thisclose to missing our plane back to LA. We were running so late, I didn't have time to grab a coffee and something to eat so I couldn't get anything until they served food and drinks on the plane. If you order a wake-up call at this hotel, set your watch or cell phone alarm too as a backup. 2. The closest tube station is Gloucester Road, about a 10-minute walk from the hotel. I would spend the extra money (about 4 pounds) for a cab to and from the station if you're carrying all your bags. Otherwise, we were ok with the walk.3. There's a Sainsbury's grocery store next door that is well stocked, kind of like a smaller version of Target. My friend forgot to pack socks so we were able to buy them there. There's also a Starbucks inside and an ATM machine that will not charge you to use it (your bank will probably charge you on your end though). 4. Don't expect a lot of help or knowledge about city sights from the staff: I got the feeling that everyone who worked there didn't even like London. Definitely bring a guidebook and do your research beforehand b/c it will save you a lot of time and money. For example, there's an Internet cafe a couple blocks away that will charge you 80 pounds to surf the Net, yes that's 8-0 pounds aka about $160! The guy at the desk just shrugged his shoulders when I asked if he knew where a cheaper place was. Luckily I checked my guidebook which directed me to an easyInternet cafe in the area on Hight Street Kensington--only 2 pounds for 2 hours of web surfing. Our first night there, the girl at the desk made a face when we asked her where a nice pub was closeby. She apparently hated English pubs and made it a point never to go to them. Well, there's a lot of very nice pubs in London, I recommend the Prince Regent on Gloucester Road if you want to go to one close to the hotel. The guy at the bar made a face when I told him we had visited Notting Hill. He said &quot;I don't know why Americans always want to go there. Before that movie, no one cared about Notting Hill, now everyone wants to go there!&quot; Well, again, Notting Hill is very charming and there's a lot of cool shops there, I recommend spending a few hours there and it's closeby.5. I've seen this mentioned on other hotel sites in London but it's worth repeating: if your room comes with continental breakfast, it costs extra for the hot &quot;full English&quot; breakfast. The continental includes juices, fruit, cereals, rolls with jam, and sliced cold cheese and meat. The full English is an extra 4.50 pounds and includes eggs, beans, sausage, bacon and black pudding (yuck!). There are 2 separate stations, the continental is in the back. I was fine with it but don't expect a lot. Also, there's a little shop on Cromwell next to Sainsbury's called &quot;Bureau Exchange&quot; that caters to tourists selling luggage, phone cards, SIM cards and money exchange. DO NOT go there, the shopkeeper is a liar and a thief. He sold us a phone card for 10 pounds (about $20) that he said had 500 minutes to the US on it. It only had about 35 minutes so when we went back 10 minutes later to complain, he said he didn't know and too bad and gave us some b.s. story. We ended up not needing to buy another phone card b/c we just needed it to call home to check messages but beware of the phone cards over there and those little touristy shops, they rip people off. Make sure it says clearly on the card how many minutes are on it and don't hand over your money over until you're sure b/c you won't get it back.	
Apr 27 2006 	Acceptable	I've stayed in the hotel for 4 nights in April 2006. Location is excellent. It's much nearer to Earl's Court rather than Glouceter Rd Station. From Earl's court just go through Kenney's Rd or Hogarth Rd, you will be in cromwell rd just in front of the hotel. Internet is very expensive, £5.5/hour, if you walk to Earls court, you will get £1.0/2 hours.Rooms are small but clean . You will not believe that walls have ears except when you try it and heareven the whisper from next room or corridors.Lifts are awful, needs a lot of attension. Most of the staff are helpful though they might not even be aware of the bus lines stopping near the hotel.Full english breakfast costs £10.50 if not included in your reservation. It's not worth that amount, nearby hotels e.g. KK George offers a fantastic buffet for the same amount of money that is suitable to call all day buffet.Overall, it's good value for money, I might come there again	
Apr 3 2006	Great	My husband and I stayed from March 28 th till April 2nd. The first day the room was very warm, the cooling mechanism was not working. Thankfully it was fixed the next day.The staff were very helpful, a bartender very friendly and great to talk to.We always got good advice from the staff, detailed maps how to get around.The location is beautiful, close to bus and tube.Our room was very clean, the bathtub, deep for great baths. Small refrig in room. iron with board, hairdryer, a desk.Our room was a twin with 2 single beds together.The bed was comfortable, pillow great.During the week the Euro comforter was placed on the bed,LOVE THAT.The breakfast was consistent with the included breakfast consisting of cold cereal,grapefruit sections, canned peaches, prunes. Cheese and ham and salami with rolls. Orange, tomato, and grapefruit juice.You were always offered white or brown toast with a pot of tea or coffee and jams.The grocery stoor is right next door, we went there daily. Used our debit card everywhere and got cash from the grocery store.We loved this hotel and would certainly Return	
Mar 15 2006	Good Hotel for the Money	I recently returned for a trip to England where my mom and I stayed in the Country Inn and Suite Kensington for about 4 days. The hotel is basic. Nothing too great but nothing bad. The rooms are nice but be ware England Hotels only offer about 4 channels regardless of what they say. The room was comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The location is great, it is in a nicer part of town and is 1 block from the underground(learn the underground it will make your stay better). The staff was nice and contrary to the other report that I had read the elevator (although small) was working properly when I was there. The breakfast was not very good but there are plenty of café to get a small snack around the corner. I would defiantly stay here again and it was worth the money!	
Mar 6 2006	Great Location!	There were two of us couples who stayed at The Country Inn &amp; Suites on Cromwell Rd. (next to the hospital) for 8 nights and LOVED just about everything! A lovely lobby area with fireplace adjoining the bar area &amp; sumptuous complimentary breakfast each morning in a very nice breakfast room; the most helpful staff we have met on our London travels; unheard of HUGE bathrooms with tub/shower combo and wow! BRIGHT WHITE to boot! We liked having a safe in our room for our 'valuables' when we went out each day also. We also had king size beds with excellent pillows! ANOTHER unheard of thing in most of London for middle class tourists! The only negative thing: THE WALLS COULD BE A LITTLE THICKER! We came back early one afternoon and had to listen to the honeymooners in the room next to ours....with their headboard banging our wall. Very embarrassing! The location was great for neighborhood restaurants and the Gloucester tube station just a few blocks! Our rate was $97 USD for the first week of June, booked on the internet. We hope to return to this hotel next year!	
Mar 2 2006 	Lousy place to stay	We were 2 adults with our daughter (12 yrs). When checked in were given 1 small, narrow, closet room with a single bed good enough for a dwarf- let alone 3 people (we are not big people- 5'6&quot; max, 150 lbs). The hotel staff and manager would not budge and offer any other room -for the next 3 nights - although there were multiple check outs of rooms with 2 double beds. The manager was totally non-cooperative, would throw up his hands in the air(seemed to be from a different country). At least an effort would be appreciated. Basically, not sleeping for 3 nights simply ruined our visit to London. Even a business associate who had come to visit commented on the non-friendly manager. The breakfast was the same EVERY DAY &quot;continental&quot; - same old stale cereal, same unused sliced meat, same left over yellow american cheese (had large hair on it), coffee (they tried hard to screw this one too). The wait staff would watch everyone like a hawk -if you dared to get near the regular bfast of some scrambled eggs, sausage,(you had to pay extra $8.00 for this)- they would pounce on you.Booked this on priceline - normally they are finebut priceline should have an option to input number of people requesting to be in any hotel room - which it dosen't - so you are at the mercy of some imbecile at the front desk. We did not see a single staff member crack a smile in 3 days.	
Mar 1 2006	Good 3-Star Hotel	The hotel was good, for a 3-Star. I stayed in the King Deluxe, which was supposed to be a King-Size bed, but it turns out to be 2 twin beds stuck to one another. Enough space for 2 people. I would imagine a normal single or double room would be much smaller, so i wouldn't recommend it, cause the King Deluxe room felt like a normal double room to me. Clean bathroom. Conveniet location, got two tube stations (subways- Earls Court is closer) less than a minute walk from the hotel. There are alot of restaurants and cafes next to the tube stations. Facing the hotel you'll find the Marriot, good place to dine if you're looking for something classy. The breakfast in the hotel is average. Just something quick to have, before starting your day. At the side of Earls Court Station there are 2 or 3 places to have breakfast if you like. Elevator at hotel is small. The receptionists are helpful, but don't expect them to be extra nice with a smile. Ask if your room has a mini-bar if you really need one, cause not all rooms have one.AC/Heater work only if you insert your room key in a special slot next to your room door,but they give you 2 room keys when you check in,so just keep one key inside that slot the whole time. For approx. 65 pounds per night, I think this hotel is very convenient.	
Dec 29 2005 	Disappointed	I have stayed in this area every time I have been to London. I always look for budget accommodation. This was my first stay at the Country Inn &amp; Suites. I have walked past the hotel many times and based on my impression (from the outside), I expected it to be a decent hotel. I was disappointed for several reasons. The staff, although friendly enough when talking to them, acted very unprofessional. The barman and the receptionist were communicating by shouting at each other across the lobby/bar. It didn't help much that the conversation was about the lousy management, angry guests, how guests didn't understand that the staff weren't to blame for all the problems (again, blame the management!), etc. I spent a little bit of time in the bar every night, and this happened several times. On one occasion the receptionist even came over to my table and gave me a speech about all the problems, again blaming the management. I have never experienced anything like this before. Why would Country Inn &amp; Suites even want to put their logo and name on this hotel??! It beats me.Apart from the 'lively' lobby, the elevator wasn’t working (and from what I heard, hadn’t been for quite some time) and I was told to use the staff elevator. My room was clean and OK, but nothing special.Summing up, I guess the hotel was nice enough considering that I didn't pay all that much. At least not for London and this particular area. That being said, I doubt I will stay there again. For the same rate you can get a better room and much better service at other hotels in the area.	
Dec 20 2005	Adequate	We stayed here for our first trip to London. On the positive side, it has a great location. It was close to the tube and within a block of a grocery store. Our room was adequate: It had all the expected amenities including a trouser press, hair dryer, and coffee/teapot. We had a double and it was very small (as we expected). The walls were paper-thin. We could hear everything in the hall and the room next to us. The standard continental breakfast is awful: cold cereal, non-refrigerated yogurt, dinner rolls and canned fruit. The staff did not replenish the food after it had run out.The lift was working while we were there. The room met our needs but there was nothing special about it.	
Nov 9 2005	good location	this is a good location for museums and hyde park and tube connection to theaters.The hotel is clean the food is very basic would not recommend it poor continetal breakfast.	
Oct 28 2005	cheap good location but some problems	stayed here for two days at the start of october. if you've read a few of the reviews for this place you might notice some patterns developing mainly that the lift does not work and has not seemed to work for quite a while. Now while there is a service elevator this has its own problems, you can't see if its actually on your floor till you open the outer door which can result in the lift stopping or you gazing down an empty shaft. During my stay i was on the sixth floor and on my first day there another gentleman and i got stuck in this service elevator. thankfully the very helpful bell boy was in the lift as well. I say thankfully as the alarm button doesn't work and it was only due to the member of staff present having a walkie talkie that we were able to be rescued from the lift after twenty minutes. I don't know how we would have got out of there if the member of staff had not been with us. Excepting this this hotel is in a good location, clean and great value for london. There always seems to be a problem with what breakfasts people are on so make sure you have written confirmation of what you are on. i would stay here again but would just make sure i was on lower floor as my room was very noisy ironically due to the lift machinery belonging to the lift that never worked during my stay	
Oct 24 2005	OK room Unhelpful Staff	We booked this hotel in London because we have had good experiences with other Country Inn and Suites sites. What we found here was an adequate-sized room that was clean and had a bed with a very good mattress.However, the lift never worked during the 3 nights we were there, the front desk staff ranged from &quot;less-than helpful&quot; to almost rude (I overheard one female staff person being quite rude to another guest - I found her quite brusque in all her interactions) and the location is so-so. (The young man who helped us with our luggage - since the lift was out-of-order - was pleasant) We had booked a non-smoking room and were first assigned to a smoking room. They did move us to a non-smoking but when I inquired why the first room had a refrigerator and the second one did not - for the same price - I was told that some rooms did not have refrigerators but they could move one in for an additional cost - this makes no sense! Continental breakfast was included in the price but each morning we had to ask someone to go get more bowls for cereal, more milk, or glasses for juice for the buffet - they were always out of something. The breakfast options were so-so - what appeared to be canned fruit, cold cereal and white or wheat toast.	
Oct 19 2005	Small Rooms Indifferent Staff	My room was the size of a shoebox. I could hardly find a space to put down my suitcase. The lift was out of order most of the time I was there but I didn't mind it too much. The staff is not very friendly. I didn't expect them to roll out the red carpet when I checked in but a smile would have been nice. However, my request for an early check-in was honored so I was happy to find my room ready when I arrived.On the plus side, the location was convenient for restaurants and some museums. I would have preferred to be closer to the tube.Not the worst hotel in the world but I can't recommended it.	
Oct 15 2005	The WORST Hotel. Avoid it!!!!!	This is by far the worst hotel we have ever stayed. The lift wasn't working when we were there, and I was told that it had been out of service for several weeks already. You could see frustrating guests walking up and down ths stairs each day. The breakfast was awful. We arrived at 9:35am and could not have our breakfast because they finished at 9:30am!!!! The staffs were so impolite and not helpful at all. I would definitely recommend you NOT to choose this hotel!! This hotel had even charged for temporary luggage storage!!	
Oct 12 2005	I wouldn't stay again	breakfast was not great(if we didn't get there early the yogurt was finished and they would not put out anymore), clarity of website (stated that breakfast was included and indicated it was a &quot;full English breakfast&quot;. When I wrote to confirm our arrangement it took them 10 days to respond, which was the day before we were to arrive, and they indicated that we were to get NO breakfast. I had to argue the point, send them the link to their own website and my booking (form from active hotels) to show them and then they did finally give it to us). Elevator was not working during our 5 day stay.but overall: hotel was clean, efficiently run, and in a good location	
Sep 24 2005	Get the Breakfast at the Country Inn	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week in April 2004. I had won airfare from Minneapolis/St. Paul to London so the trip was unexpected and we were unsure where to stay. I knew I wanted to stay in the South Kennsington area of London. My husband picked the Country Inn &amp; Suites based on past experience with the hotel chain in Minnesota and Iowa. I protested saying I wanted a more British hotel experience. He said he wanted a hotel where he would feel safe. I am so glad he convinced me.This hotel was wonderful. It was clean. The lobby was nicely decorated. The rooms were small by American standards but fine by English ones. The water pressure was good. The hotel had a very European feel and I didn't think I was in a &quot;big box&quot; hotel chain. The staff was very professional.The one thing we would do differently is pay more for the room so it would include the breakfast. We ended up eating breakfast at the hotel twice. The full breakfast offered was fabulous. It was however more than double the cost of what it would have been if included when we booked the room. This hotel is on a bus line and close to two underground stations. We flew into Gatwick and took the train to Victoria station. From there we took the underground to Earl's Court. I suggest if you have luggage not taking the underground. Take a taxi from Victoria station.	
Sep 17 2005	Great little hotel... you get what you pay for by London Standards	My wife and I stayed in the Country Inn &amp; Suites on our honeymoon from July 4th to July 7th (day of train bombings). If you are flying into London via Heathrow the Country Inn &amp; Suites will take you 20 to 30 minutes by train to get to the either Earls Court or Gloucester station. Both stations are approximately 3 blocks away from the hotel but in opposite directions. Gloucester station is the stop beyond Earls Court station but it has elevators you can use to get up to street level. We saw elevators at Earls Court but they only seemed accessible from street level... we could never figure out how to get on them when we were getting off the train. Either way plan to walk several blocks to get to the Country Inn and Suites. If you are mobile or your bags have wheels it is not too far. We found the staff at the hotel to be very accommodating. One thing that you need to be aware of before you arrive is that check in is at 11 am. If you arrive on a morning flight you will need to check your bags behind the desk prior to being allowed to check in. We found that this was not a real problem and if anything it forced us to stay up and do some exploring in the surrounding areas. Kensington palace is only a 20 minute walk away as is Albert Hall and other attractions within Hyde Park. Harrods is a 30 minute walk up Cromwell road. There is also a Starbucks (double the price we pay over here) in the large grocery store a block and half to the east of the Country Inn and Suites. This place is definitely worth a stop if you are looking to stock up on munchies (even beer) or that sort of thing.We stayed on the third floor in the room at the end of the hall as you turn right off the elevator. The elevator is quite small and if you have never been on a european elevator before you will be in for a bit of a surprise... we found the elevators elsewhere in Europe to be even smaller.My wife and I were very happy with our room. It looked exactly like the photos we had seen prior to our arrival. The bathroom seemed small at first but looking back it was okay. You will get a kick out of the toilets. The water does not really swirl around when you flush... but there seems to be a great deal of water moving all at once when you decide to empty it.Word of warning, many of the bathtubs in europe are set six inches higher off the ground than you might be used to if you are visiting from North America. I remember almost falling flat on my face on several occasions but if anything this added to the experience.The beds are softer than we expected but they sure sleep well after walking all over London. There are only four or five television channels available (CNN Britain I think was one of them). Our room was always clean and we found that the cleaning staff took great care to make sure they did not try to bother you if you were in your room.One thing we learned during our stay is that not all rooms are the same. Some of the rooms have long hallways between the bathroom and sleeping area. There is a large seating area and a pub in the lobby. We never tried the breakfast but the restaurant look quite nice.I would stay in the Country Inn and Suites again if the opportunity ever presented itself. My wife and I were there the morning of the train bombings and we found that the Country Inn was a very accessible and safe place to stay under the circumstances.	
Aug 26 2005	Awsome hotel	Well there are no complaints for this hotel, here are all the things i liked.Reasonable pricecoffee machinefriendly staffclean room including the bathroom and sheats the size was big enoughwalking distance from the tubesupermarket next doorplus you dont spend much time in the room enjoy london its soooo amazingi would definately stay here again	
Aug 25 2005 	customer service	we where there for 8 days and the first thing ive notice is the manager named mike. came from a long trip and a nice smile will be great. this guy is meaningless.no remorse,no nothing, carlton company send ur manager specially mike the day shift man, in one of ur customer service class..alot of people people are complaining about him. the best are carlos from swing shift,joe the bartender, and martina, at least they do smile. the room was ok. txs. to some people. the housekeeping was terible.and the continetal breakfast [----]! over all they dont know how to smile, i work in a hotel business, and i know what it takes to make our guest happy and warm. there are so many hotels in london stay away from this unfriendly hotel.	
Aug 8 2005	Nice little hotel	Location was great but a bit of a hike to the metro station though. Rooms are a good size with private bathrooms. Elevator to room was broken during our stay but they arranged for the service elevator which was a bit smaller but they could not have been more helpful. Plenty of questions to staff at the desk were no problems with plently of recommendations for tours and restaurants. Good little bar also on the ground floor.	
Aug 7 2005	Great price and location - and free breakfast too	I have just returned from a weekend staying at the Country Inn. We booked a standard double room and I was really happy with the size. We had a king sized bed with six pillows (I didn't realise they were all different firmness - now I'm more impressed!), writing desk, armchair and a full bathroom. The only thing missing was a fridge, which I am fast learning is usually absent from hotels here. Anyway, Sainsburys is a minutes walk from the hotel on Cromwell Road, and you can buy sandwiches, pies and drinks there. The hotel advertieses room service but you are just ordering from a take out menu, probably cheaper to find something up Earls Court road, about a five minute walk across from the hotel. They are having a free continental breakfast offer at the moment - cereals, bread, croissants, meat and cheese. We upgraded to cooked for an extra #4.50 and you get the usual English fryup. There's also a nice bar and reading area and the staff were very friendly. Cromwell Road is a short bus trip or drive from the Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum and Knightsbridge, with Harrods and Harvey Nichols. Although on a busy road, Kensington itself is very quiet. I was very impressed with this hotel and would happily stay there again.	
Jul 6 2005	Friendly quiet clean--recommended	We booked this hotel online after doing an extensive search for hotels that met our needs (budget, amenities, loaction). The hotel was clean, friendly, safe, and in a nice location. The hotel is on Cromwell Road close to Hyde Park. The closest tube station is Gloucester Road. Our room was smaller than we expected, but was very nice. The bathroom was very small but worked out fine for us. The shower took a minute to come on to full power, but there were no problems with getting hot water. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2005 	Great!	This hotel was wonderful. Clean, great location, and friendly. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 17 2005	Nothing shabby here......	Stayed here June1-4 after a 10 day cruise. We were in room 603 and found it wonderful. My mother-in law was in the next room (604) with a friend and we heard nothing through the walls at any time.The room as of good size for the price in London. We did however store our large suitcases with the hotel (£ 1 per day per bag). The room was immaculate as was the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable (king size) with 6 pillows; 2 soft, 2 medium and 2 firm. We mixed and matched to our preference.The lobby has a very nice and quite large lounge with a bar and light menu.We did not take breakfast there; it was quite expensive; £ 10.50 and there were several restraunts within a 10 min walk offering breakfast at half that price.Although the halls are a bit travel weary, the rooms, at least the 2 we had as well as the lobby/lounge, were clean, modern and comfortable.Would stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	We'd Stay There Again	Stayed in room 405 a non smoking room. It was a bit cramped but very servicable. The pants press and coffee in the room were a nice touch. The front desk staff were great and very helpful. There were two underground stations nearby. A lot of restaurants nearby as well. The hotel has a nice sitting area and bar. Across the street there is the house that Alfred Hitchcock lived in. We would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat. It was in a nice convienient area with very good staff.	
Jun 3 2005	loved this hotel	My family and I stayed at this hotel twice in the month of May. We loved it. The rooms weren't as small as I expected, perhaps people were booking the compact rooms. We booked executive (there's even one above that, deluxe) and we were quite pleased. The rooms were clean, there was enough room for our suitcases and for us to walk around. The bathrooms were clean (very important). The service was great! They were very helpful. You can buy tickets for Madame Tussaud's and the London Eye at the hotel too. Breakfast though was mediocre. We had the continental breakfast included in our price so it was okay but if you have to pay extra for it, don't (buns, cheese, sliced meat, cereal, juices). You're near two tube stations (Earl's Court and Gloucester) and around both are restaurants and fast food places. Lots of choices. The hotel is also near a grocery store. We always felt safe walking back to the hotel from the tube station at night. The air conditioning worked well but you do need to leave your key in it. If they give you one room key you can ask for another one (we did) and we left one of ours in there all day to keep the room cool for when we returned. I would highly recommend this hotel to others,	
May 6 2005	It's 'ok'	I stayed 3 nights at this hotel with my Mum. the hotel is 'ok'. The whole hotel is quite shabby but it is in a good area and it's ok to walk about at night. There is also a large supermarket just up the road which is very handy. The walls appear to be made of paper and I suggest anyone booking a room in this hotel packs some earplugs if you find it hard to sleep with noise - you can hear everything from the room next door! Mum and I had an executive twin and although it was a bit on the small side, it was alright. Unfortunately, my Mum was in an accident during our stay and was hospitalised. I explained my situation to the staff and asked for extra nights accommodation as I didn't know how long Mum would be in hospital. The staff were unbelievably unhelpful, blatantly didn't care about my situation and couldn't wait for me to get out of my room. So I can't really recommend this hotel. I was stranded in London with nowhere to stay! Luckily some friends came to my rescue and pulled some strings and got me into the Holiday Inn Forum Hotel just up the road from the Country Inn on Cromwell Road. Now this hotel knows how to treat it's customers and they were fantastic to me. The rooms are fabulous too. I would recommend spending a little more money and staying somewhere with higher standards.	
Apr 30 2005	Nice location tiny rooms	We were originally booked into Comfort Inn, Bayswater through lastminute, but when we arrived, we were told that we have been moved to the Country Inn &amp; Suites in Kensington. Frankly, we didn't mind because Kensington is a more convenient location (due to the way the tubes work, we only had to change trains once to get to Leicester Square). The room we stayed in was extremely small, but the bathroom had a nice bath/shower, and was of adequate size. The bed was shoved up against a corner of the room, and there was barely enough room for the hubby and me to walk past each other. Having said that, it is a London hotel, and we did expect that to be the case. We had &quot;fresh&quot; towels everyday, which unfortunately smelled of cigarrette smoke to me. On the plus side - the air conditioning was great and the room was very clean. Location's great, tube stations are quite near, and it's in a nice area of London where you feel safe walking back late at night after a night in town.	
Mar 31 2005	Great Location	My husband and I stayed in this hotel between Dec. 26th and Jan. 5th for the New Year's holiday. Another American couple that we travelled with also stayed in the hotel. Overall a great location. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel -- there are many cheaper locations nearby. Close to two tube stops and walking distance to several major museums. Really no complaints for the price, we got a great deal on Expedia.Our room was small, but typical by European standards or even big city standards (we have stayed in similar sized rooms in Rome, Madrid, Tokyo and San Francisco). Our friends' room, however, was so small as to be uncomfortable. We were over to visit with a British couple that we know -- they also stayed in the hotel for only one night on New Year's Eve, just to make it easier to go out, avoid traffic, etc.. They booked through the hotel website and paid a little more than either of the American couples who booked through Expedia. The British couple was given a HUGE room. Not sure if it was the different booking method, because they were local, or just luck. If you can, ask for a room along the hallway, as these seem to be larger, the smaller rooms are at the end of the hallways.	
Feb 16 2005	We will with out a doubt be Back !!	This last trip was my 4th to London and 2nd time at the Country Inn and Suites I was traveling with my 16 yr old the first time and found it charming and so convienient to tubes a grocery store and fine dining, the manager at the time was more then helpful with suggestions of ways to spend our days and show us the short cuts and save a few bucks he also recommended a fabulous place to eat for mothers day brunch, evenings in the lounge near the bar were cozy and we made friends of the bell boy and bar man it was our next trip when I went with a slightly less expensive hotel that was a digusting and vile experience that led me to change that reservation and go back to the Country Inn and Suites. Upon our arrival we were greeted by the bell boy who knew us on sight he remembered our names and welcomed us as if old friends same with the barman, In respect to the rooms they are comfy good size by London standards and always clean as can be the breakfast adequate but there is much to choose from nearby with a short walk. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone we had the time of our lives and will definetly be Back !!	
Jan 27 2005	Great moderate cost hotel	My husband and I recently stayed Country Inn &amp; Suites in Kensington. The hotel staff was always helpful and friendly. The rooms, not large but adequate, were clean and well equiped. The hotel is near a grocery store and several small restaurants, on a bus line and only a few blocks from the Glouster tube station. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 2 2005	Bare necessities with some charm and good price	My 13 y/o son and I visited London between Christmas and New Years 2005,and I had read many reviews on the Country Inn and Suites. Some were good, some were not. For us, the best aspects were the location, the charm and the price. It is located within a couple of blocks of Glouchester and Earls Court Underground stations. We preferred Earls Court as we could catch many of the underground lines to anywhere and we used them continuiously. We liked the walk to the Earls Court with the many short cuts through the neighborhood and we loved the bakery across from the tube entrance for breakfast. We always felt safe at any hour. (If you have lots of luggage, the Glouchester station does have elevators.) We did not try the hotel breakfast ($21) when we could eat for $6-8 at the bakery. If you don't know, most cafes/rests charge more if you eat in versus &quot;take away&quot;. The hotel itself is clean and attractive. The staff did not strike up conversations, but were friendly and helpful if asked. My son loved the &quot;lift&quot;. It is the size of a lnen closet as the two of us could barely fits ourselves and lugguage when we arrived, but it is farely quick and never failed. We had a road front room and it was small, but functional for the two of us. Road noise was not a problem, but neighbors were definitely easy to hear. I think the problem was the hollow core connecting doors more than the walls. Take some sponge ear plugs just in case. We liked the attractive bathroom once we figured out the shower (good water pressure). The heat/ac worked well (thanks for the tip from someone to insert your room key into the slot by the door to activate the unit.). The beds were 2 twins shoved together and were not the best, but we survived. We had decent closet space and a safe to secure items. We had a tempermental hair dryer and a device to heat water for instant coffee or tea (provided). There was not an alarm clock, so bring one or use wake up calls. My son struggled with only having 6 TV channels, but they did offer internet service through the TV with a wireless keyboard (didn't try it). I did miss having a refrigerator in the room and you had to go downstairs to the bar to get ice. The hotel was a block from a very nice, modern grocery store. For the price and location, the Country Inn and Suites is hard to beat. I would have no problem staying there again, but might try another area of London just for the experience of learning another part of town.	
Dec 8 2004	Marginal	The price was not bad for a London Hotel, but this facility does not live up to typical Country Inn and Suites standards. The room was small, but this is to be expected. The bed was quite uncomfortable. It was possible to feel individual coil springs digging into one's back. The exterior traffic noise was not bad, but the interior noise was unacceptable. It was entirely possible to clearly hear conversations in the next room. It is not a noisy or a &quot;party&quot; hotel, but the walls are just very thin. Everything else was reasonable; the bathroom was fine and the other furnishings got the job done. As an earlier review stated, the staff was not unpleasant, they just weren't very cordial.	
Nov 15 2004	We loved this hotel	My friends and I just returned from England, where we have traveled a number of times. We spent 3 nights at this hotel and loved it. We had reserved 2 deluxe rooms and found them lovely. Hotel rooms in England are in general very small, but our rooms were a good size. We asked for non-smoking, adjoining rooms and got them. We did not include breakfast because we had early mornings planned and wanted to get breakfast on our own. A young woman named Monica and a young man named Martin were on duty when we arrived, and they could not have been more helpful. I would definitely stay here again; however, I did see the size of the standard rooms and they are tiny. I would only reserve a deluxe room.	
Nov 4 2004	Not so pleased with Country Inn and Suites Kensington	We loved London overall. It really was like we'd imagined from all those children's books and TV shows and movies. But the one unpleasant thing was the the Country Inn and Suites in Kensington where we stayed for 5 nights. We'd been told, when making the reservation in the USA via the 800 number, that breakfast was included. When we got to London, we were told in no uncertain terms that breakfast was not included. In fact, breakfast was 10 pounds (that's about $20!). This made the stay at the hotel MUCH less of a bargain than we'd thought. We ended up eating elsewhere- needless to say. The manager wasn't all that sympathetic and just brushed it off with the explanation that the group that owned Country Inn and Suites there was not the same group as owned them in the States. By the way-the hotel isn't 150 yards from the tube station, as is stated on the web site either- more like 4 city bocks, so dragging your luggage from the tube stop is a bit much! The rooms were modest sized, but clean. Everything functioned OK. But the desk staff simply weren't pleasant or helpful. ALSO-The first night we were there we had to take a cab to Royal Albert Hall (no time to figure out the busses and the tube doesn't really go close by there). So I called the desk to ask if they'd call a cab. I didn't specify a black taxi, but I specifically asked if it'd cost more if they did the arrangements and the girl said no. However, the girl arranged for a &quot;gypsy&quot; cab- not a London black cab. That one way ride cost TWICE what the return cab fare cost. Live and learn. We had been warned about gypsy cabs, but I didn't think that I had to watch out for the hotel staff being part of the scam and trying to rip me off!Finally, as we were checking out the same girl tried to stick us with someone else's breakfast tab! I about lost it at this point... I explained that we'd been promised breakfast with the rooms, but when we were told that'd cost 10 pounds per person each day we decided not to eat there and we hadn't at all. The signature obviously didn't match mine either. The same rude girl that had called the cab argued with me but eventually let me go with out charging it to our bill. INCREDIBLE. I just hope the extra charge doesn't show up on the credit card bill anyway.The USA group of Country Inn and Suites hadn't heard of the &quot;no breakfast&quot; thing either, so they agreed to give us $100 in coupons when I called to complain when I got back. But honestly, I'd steer clear if I were traveling in London.	
Nov 2 2004	Never again!	The Kensington Country Inn &amp; Suites is a bad hotel. While reasonably priced, in theory, it is, in effect, very poor value for money. The best rooms offered (the “deluxe” doubles) are the size of a large walk-in closet, and are over-crowded with cheap, rickety and sometimes useless furniture. The drawer of my bedside table was so small, I could not place a paperback inside it. The doors of the clothes closet had to be shut before one could move from one side of the room to the other. The chipped enamel bathtub was rimmed with mildew. The door of the bathroom opened against the sink. Anyone standing at the sink risked being hit if the door was open without warning. My room was designated “no smoking”, yet it had all the telltale signs of being rented indiscriminately. The edge of the small shelf above the sink in the bathroom was scarred by the many (cigarettes) which had been left to burn on it. The entire room reeked of stale smoke. Breakfast was included in the room price, and it was quite adequate if you were an early riser. By 8:00 AM the buffet’s platters and bowls had been depleted, and were not necessarily being replaced. On two mornings out of four I left the breakfast room tired of waiting for some food items to re-appear. Shame on the Country Inn &amp; Suites franchiser , a name I used to identify with good accommodation and good value!	
Oct 25 2004	Fantastic Value!	After checking out many hotels, I found Country Inn &amp; Suites to be the best value in the budget category; 58 pounds on their own website. Most London hotels in that price range were in undesirable locations or didn't sound very good and just had too many minuses. After checking out all the reviews, I decided this was a good choice. This was my 6th trip to London and I stayed in that area before, so I knew pretty much what to expect. I was very pleasantly surprised to find the hotel as nice as it was. I usually stay in much more expensive hotels and this was just as good and in some cases better.When I checked in, I asked the Front Desk Clerk (very nicely) if I could possibly have a quite room. She replied, just as nicely, &quot;certainly&quot;. Well, I think she must have given me the quietest room in the hotel. I didn't hear a sound the whole time I was there. I was between the stairwell and a utility closet, so that helped.The staff was efficient, the room was very small, but I expected this - this is very typical of Europe. I was by myself so it did not matter. The room was like new and very clean. The air conditioning worked perfectly. I was glad of that, because I was there during the heat wave. Great neighborhood too, one of my favorites.I would definitely stay there again, but I would advise if there are two people, make sure you get one of the bigger rooms.	
Oct 21 2004	Not fancy but nice enough	My husband &amp; I spent our 10 day honeymoon here in September 2004. I was a tad disappointed because it looks so much nicer in pictures, but thanks to the reviews here I kind of knew what to expect. It certainly is smaller than any hotel I've ever stayed in whether in America or Continental Europe, but this seems to be normal for London. We requested a non-smoking, double bed room when we booked with them 5 months prior &amp; both our requests were met. We were on the 2nd floor right on the main road. I never really noticed the street noise or noise from the rooms next to us. However, we could hear a pin drop in the hallway. And there was some kind of strange door in our room, I assume to a utility closet. Occassionally loud rumblings would come from behind that door. We guess it was some kind of water heater or a/c unit. It was unseasonably warm in London during our visit, but the a/c worked great once we figured out how to make it work - you must leave your room card in the slot near the door for the heat or a/c to work. The rooms were clean, but hard to believe they recently renovated. The wallpaper had water/mildew damage in a few areas &amp; one of the dresser drawers fell apart while we were there. I have to say that they did fix it the same day though. We never could figure out the coffee pot. It didn't seem to matter how little water we put into it, it leaked out onto the dresser &amp; carpet every time. We had a double bed which was a nice size for us &amp; most important - it was comfortable. There are no clocks in the room, but the TV does have one as well as an alarm which we used daily. At the end of our trip, we also used the internet service on the TV. The keyboard is small &amp; a bit awkward to use, but works. We didn't use it for the whole hour &amp; somehow the charge was taken off of our bill.The bathroom was nice &amp; clean. The tub was raised so the shower is a bit short for those over 5'5&quot;. They do provide shower caps, a hair dryer, iron &amp; ironing board, soap, &amp; some liquid pump in the shower that I'm guessing was either bodywash or shampoo. We rec'd clean towels every day, but never washcloths. They also have a trouser press, but it didn't seem to work very well.The front desk people weren't rude, but weren't friendly either. They just seemed to be indifferent &amp; simply doing their jobs. We were told the bar was open 24 hrs but only saw it staffed about half the time. And you can't add it to your room bill unfortunately. They have various magazines &amp; newspapers in the lobby each morning free of charge. We never had breakfast there since it was expensive &amp; not included in the rate so I can't comment on that.The location was good. We didn't mind the walk to the tube. We mainly used Gloucester, but a word to the wise - use Earl's Court if you have luggage or a disability. Gloucester doesn't have elevators, only stairs. I wish we'd known this when we got there as hauling our luggage up the steps was difficult. Luckily, we found Londoners to be extremely friendly &amp; kind so a gentleman helped me with my larger bag.Sainsbury, a local grocery store is only a few blocks away. Although their large sign says 24 hrs, they usually close around 10 pm expect on Sundays when they close at 5, much to our surprise. There's an excellent Italian restaurant on the north side of Conway on your way towards Gloucester - can't remember the name. We never tried Lorenzo's due to the bad reviews on here. We ate many times at Patissiere right across from Gloucester. The people were nice &amp; the food was good &amp; reasonably priced. They serve breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner - fish &amp; chips, pasta, &amp; such. Oddly enough they also have an Asian restaurant downstairs where the bathrooms are, but we never ate down there.The hotel wasn't the nicest I've ever stayed in, but the price was good - booked on Expedia - &amp; it was nice enough that I'd certainly consider staying there again on our next visit. We loved London! Hope this helps!	
Oct 19 2004	Terrific.	We stayed in a King Size deluxe, and I would recommend it. The Lobby was clean and attractively decorated, the desk staff were polite and helpful. The room was clean, of a good size, and very quiet considering the Cromwell Road is a busy one. Considering the hotel is only 3* I think it represents excellent value for money, considering that it was well decorated, clean and had a couple of nice extras of air conditioning and a good tea and coffee making tray.We had a good stay, and plan to return.	
Sep 9 2004	Just fine for the price	I was looking for a place near the Earl's Court Exhibition Hall in August and this was the best combination of a good rating and price in the area. It's true the rooms are small but for one person who was only there to sleep it was great. There is a lot worse out there in London for not a whole lot less money. The staff wasn't over-the-top friendly but anything I asked for was taken care of ASAP. The Gloucester Road &amp; Earl's Court stations are almost the same distance from the hotel so you're fine either way. Having the grocery store literally a 2 minute walk away was nice when it came to buying cheap stuff to eat late at night. I never ate breakfast in the hotel (wasn't included) but there are lots of coffeshops etc. all around the neighborhood. There is also an internet cafe nearby on the other side of the grocery store, don't pay the 5 pounds/hr that the hotel charges from your room. I would like to stay in Soho next time in London, but I would recommend this hotel. Just remember that your average motel rooms in the US will be 2 or 3 times larger than these.	
Sep 7 2004	Pleasant Surprise	Was a little nervous booking this budget hotel. However, we were very pleased with the location (inside district 1 on the tube) and the hotel was very nice, clean and quite. No noise from the road and the room was well equiped. Bartender and evening staff were very friendly. Only complaint was there was a bit of a walk from the Gloucester stop to the hotel. However, the route was nice. We tried the Earl's court station (close by) one day but this part of the city was getting a little rougher. In general this is a nice hotel kind of on the fringe of the inner city. Would be nicer to be a bit closer to everything but you cannot beat the great price. Also some nice restaurants and stores along the way.	
Aug 31 2004	Good Hotel	After reading the reviews here about the size of the rooms, I booked an executive double - and I got it. Not a huge room, but the bed was nowhere near touching the walls - and the bed was enormous, and very comfortable. I had an adjoining room and heard no noise at any time. The room and bathroom were spotless, and the shower was fantastic. The lobby / reception / bar is very impressive, so clean it was gleaming, and with very comfortable and luxurious furniture. Staff were great - especially the poor man who was on night duty, and was still serving us alcohol at 3am!	
Aug 18 2004	"I feel like a bull in a china shop"	We read all the reviews on Trip Advisor before booking the Country Inn &amp; Suites so we were prepared for a small room. We just did not realize HOW small... The room is about 6 feet by 10 feet. Really. There's barely enough room for the double bed and my husband and I had to sleep facing opposite sides of the bed to both fit comfortably! My husband kept remarking that he felt like a bull in a china shop. Also, as several users have commented, the walls were very thin indeed - - we heard every word of conversations in other rooms. That having been said, the hotel has significant pluses. The location is decent (the tube stop serves several different underground lines and restaurants and a supermarket (with Starbucks if you need a taste of home) are within a block of the hotel), the room is clean (although that should not be a hard task as there is very little space that has to be cleaned), the rooms have AIR CONDITIONING which was key for us after long days of hiking around London in August, and the hotel staff is nice enough. Breakfast was not included in our room rate and was extremely expensive - - 10 pounds each (about 20 dollars each with the exchange rate at the time). But we got a relatively cheap rate on the hotel, so I guess we don't have too much to complain about - - after all, you get what you pay for.Overall, a decent choice of hotel in London for the price.	
Aug 2 2004	Beware!	We had prepaid for our king bed/ deluxe rooms on Expedia. We arrived about 9PM and clerk checked us in. I opened the door to our room only to be very disappointed. The room was the size of a walk-in closet (Double bed touched two walls- almost three). I complained to the clerk and he promised to upgrade us the next day if rooms became available. Not a good option in our minds when we had paid for and expected deluxe king bed accommodations - he had whited out the rack room rate on one of our receipts, but missed on the other receipt which revealed that we had paid more than the rack rate for these rooms. Expedia just about wouldn't refund our money. If there are nice rooms here, I'll never know, as we quickly left and checked into the Marriott acrost the street. Very dissappointed!!! Not sure that this is an honest establishment. I'd not take the risk of reserving rooms at this hotel.	
Jul 19 2004	Great value! Helpful staff!	A large group of us stayed here recently for 2 weeks. This is the most expensive area of London, yet the value was great! The rooms were clean, and the front desk and bar staff were very helpful and courteous. High speed internet is quick, reliable, and surprisingly allowed some hefty downloading, which was helpful for work. Beds are firmer and rooms are smaller than US standard but nice relative to competition and especially for this value. Some tips: Confirm with hotel DIRECTLY that breakfast is incl. in your rate. Decide whether you really want breakfast included; it wasn't what I expected for the price, esp. when there are so many restaurants so close. Use the Sainsbury's grocery store 1 block down for ATM, Starbuck's, and other groceries. Earl's Court tube station is so much closer than the Gloucester Road tube station plus Earl's Court has a lift and Gloucester has stairs - makes a difference if you have luggage. Leave room key in slot for A/C and heating to make it work. Location extremely convenient to Kensington High shopping area, Hyde Park, museums on Exhibition Road, and the popular Picadilly tube line.	
Jun 23 2004	love this hotel !	ok first off i must say...anyone who compliants about this hotel really has problems!! i am very picky when it comes to hotels, i like to stay in nice clean places..so i read all the reviews and they were fairly good so i gave the country inn a try! i stayed here april 19 - 23 and i was more than pleased with this hotel...it has a very cute little lobby area, very clean and newly decorated...the front desk people were very helpful with any questions i had..they directed me to local shops etc... i knew to expect small rooms in london so it wasnt a shock when i got my double room and there wasnt much room to move around..no big deal tho...it was extremely clean and the bathroom very much made up for it...its a very good size and the shower/tub can fit practically 3 adults in it!! the furniture is all cherry wood and new and in good condition...one closet and a dresser for clothing...which was more than adequate...yea so the walls are a little thin...to be expected...but it was never too loud where i was kept awake...we had a minor problem with the tv, but the repair man came to fix it right away!! a nice, quiet, clean hotel, very well worth the $$...about 3 blocks from the tube so its easy to get to anything and the neighborhood is just adorable...i would definately stay here again!!	
Jun 15 2004	You get what you pay for	We stayed in early May 2004, and the place is ok to stay if you are looking for a place on the cheaper side in london. It is close to two tube stations, the rooms are more spacey than I expected, and it was pretty clean. The hotel can be noisy since it is located on a main road. It has traffic all day and all night. The only major problem we had was with house cleaning. On our first morning, after arriving at 1 in the morning, the cleaning lady just walks into the room without knocking while we had just awakened and were about to take showers and get ready, even though the privacy sign is on the door. The second morning we were there the head of house cleaning knocked on our door at around 10:30 AM and told us that we needed to leave the room so that they could clean it. We were staying for 4 nights, so we had two more nights. We were kinda taken aback by this. We told her that we would just take fresh towels and that they didn't need to clean the room. Every one else seemed nice at the hotel though. 	
May 11 2004	not for the light sleepers	I stayed at the Country Inn and Suites Kensington on 4th May for one night with a friend. We had planned a shopping trip and I knew Kensington to be a good location for the tube and restaurants. We found to our surprise that we had been given a double room when we had asked for a twin. The staff at the reception told us that we could not be moved as they were full and it was not their fault. we were unhappy but didn't continue the complaint. We were then woken at 3 in the morning by the person next door (whose room was joined to ours via a door. We could hear everything (even when they turned over in their bed). I found this hotel to be ok although I would insist on a non-ajoining room next time.	
May 9 2004	Very good value	Small, but clean and comfortable. Reliable high-speed internet access. Hard to imagine a better value in London. I paid only 59 pounds a night for a room here twice over the course of week in April 2004. If you plan to spend lots of time in the hotel room or want lots of amenities and in-hotel dining options, find some place more luxurious...if you want a place to come in late, rest a few hours, and then head out touring again, this is definitely a bargain.I didn't have any problems with noise as some have stated and both of my rooms overlooked Cromwell Road, a very busy street. I found the staff to be friendly. The only thing that I noticed that could be annoying to some is that although the hotel will allow you to check luggage, they make it very clear that they aren't insuring it against theft. If you really need a secure left luggage service, you might need to take a Tube ride to Victoria Station.The location is wonderful. Two blocks walk to Gloucester Road Tube station (Circle, District lines) in one direciton. Two blocks to Earl's Court (District) in the other. There's a Sainsbury (very large grocery store) one block away and a little Italian restaurant right next door. The Marriott is across the street and has your typical big hotel dining options. There are plenty of eating options (fast food, pub, and ethnic) in the vicinity of both the above mentioned Tube stations.I will definitely remember this place on my future trips to London.	
May 7 2004	clean and comfortable	I booked a room at this hotel for three nights after reading other reviews on this website. I was not dissapointed. The room was a little small, but it was ok for two people. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff was very helpful. The hotel is fairly close to a tube station and there are plenty of great little restaurants within walking distance. I would stay there again for sure. 	
Apr 13 2004	Small but nice	It is a nice, clean place. My only complaint was that the room was very small. Otherwise, the place was very clean -- both the room and the common areas of the hotel. The staff was friendly, and the lounge area was cute -- with comfortable seating and a small bar. I would recommend this place.	
Apr 11 2004	Good balance of price location size and features.	Located four blocks west of the Gloucester tube station, this small hotel is across the classy Mariott and next to some cheap motel options. It's directly on the Picadilly line to/from Heathrow Airport.I stayed for a total of 6 nights (March 29-April 1, 2004) and then again on April 5-8, 2004. Found the hotel to be a nice balance of price and features.The rooms are a bit small but clean and comfortable. Not bad for 67 pounds/night with tax. No breakfast but who cares. A block east, you'll find a 24-hour supermarket and a bus stop for bus 74 that takes you to/from Oxford street.3 block north is the High Kensignton tube and the shopping area. A lot of nice places to eat around. Hotel provides Web connections for laptops from room for 12 pounds/night, or get the entertainment package (movies and Web) for 20 pounds. Check their Web site for a 50% off cupon.The walls are thin but I find that in a lot of hotels. Management is very responsive. My window had a cold draft and the repair guy showed up before I got back to my room from the front desk.Location is a long but nice walk to Victoria/Albert museum but buy cheap bus tickets and bus 74 will be your best friend. Drives past Harrods, both arches and Oxford.I'll go back with no problem.	
Apr 9 2004	Okay no huge problems - I'd stay again	I stayed here for 10 days in September 2003 because the rate was so good, even though there were so many negative reviews.At check-in I asked if my room were a connecting room. It was, alas, and I insisted upon a non-connecting room. If you're a traveler who needs a quieter space, please insist upon this. Connecting rooms are probably the source of so many of the complaints listed here. I was given a tiny room, but it was non-connecting, so I had no noise problems whatsoever. My room would probably have been larger if I'd been willing to forgo quiet for space, but the small room was fine. I've stayed in smaller rooms elsewhere in Europe that were considered &quot;double deluxe.&quot;The desk staff were perfectly nice, no problems whatsoever. I'd booked through; the desk had the reservation and I was in (and subsequently out, 10 days later) quickly. Some desk staff were friendlier than others, but that's life.The lift was perfectly fine - I don't understand someone's complaint about it being on its last legs. It worked perfectly, and with no excessive noise.The hotel is about a block from a 24 hour Sainsbury's (grocery store), so you can buy prepared foods to eat in your room (if you're on a budget, as I was). The Indian food was great, as was the bakery.The Gloucester Road tube station is about a 5 minute walk, and the bus is about a block away, so transportation is great. You can get anywhere fairly quickly.I was initially reticient to stay what I thought was &quot;so far away,&quot; but my visit was good. The hotel was fine, the location was fine, the price was fine. Couldn't ask for much more - except for a larger room! :)	
Mar 27 2004	Clean but very noisy!!	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel in March 04 on a business trip, I booked on line getting a pretty good rate. In its favour the hotel is exceptionally clean, nicely decorated and well appointed with good wardrobe and draw space, something I find lacking in most hotels around the world. The room was of a comfortable size for European standards. We did not take breakfast so cannot comment. Now for the down side. After booking I discovered this site which might I add is excellent and bacame a little concerned with the comments regarding noise ( I live in a very quiet country location). I immediately telephoned with a request for a quiet room at the back of the hotel. I telephoned ahead on the day of arrival and a back room was confirmed. On arrival I was told by the unfriendly receptionist that our room was at the front and I could not have been told that as they have no twins at the back of the hotel. She practically called me a lier. This was not a good start for me. The hotel is situated on one of the mail arterial roads into London and has constant heavy traffic day and night. The soundproofing is so poor that you may as well try to sleep on the central reservation. The rooms have communicating doors so sound insulations here is also non existant. Our neighbours were two Italian woman who chattered constantly until 1am and on the other side a very load speaking couple who must have been in a group as they had a stream of very noisy visitors from 7am. In summary if you are used to being surrounded by noise 24/7 or you can get an absolute guarentee of a room on the back (remember doubles only) then this is a good hotel but if like me you hate noise then avoid this hotel at all cost.	
Feb 8 2004	Excellent	Great hotel... THis was our first trip to London. Great hotel for the average traveler. Kind staff especially Anna in the restaraunt.. Cant say enough good about this property, the room was nice size very clean. we live in rural community were there is no traffic , however we never noticed any noise outside. the cont. breakfast was good. Wonderful property. Close to the tube. You wont be sorry you picked this property.	
Jan 25 2004	It was great		
Nov 7 2003	No complaints		
Sep 15 2003	Average		
Aug 12 2003	Very nice for the price		
Jun 25 2003	Great Value for the money		
Jun 17 2003	Clean but NOISY		
May 26 2003	I would definately stay here again		
Apr 10 2003	This hotel definitely not recommended		
Apr 5 2003	I will NOT stay there again		
Sep 29 2002	Highly recommended		
Nov 24 2009 	Decue !!		
Sep 10 2009 	??????????????????		
Aug 22 2009 	Hotel terribile		
Jul 13 2009 	No merece la pena alojarse en este hotel		
May 19 2009 	Perfectamente recomendable buen hotel y buena ubicación		
May 18 2009 	Es bueno		
May 15 2009 	camera piccola bagno piccolissimo		
Mar 27 2009 	Hotel Bello MA.... non 4*		
Dec 8 2008 	Buen hotel en Londres		
Aug 18 2008 	Habitación enana pero estancia buena		
Jun 1 2008 	Passable		
Apr 11 2008 	Schönes Hotel in schöner Lage		
Jan 12 2008 	Pulitissimo e in ottima posizione per chi vuole visitare Londra!		
Apr 9 2007 	vicino alla metro		
