Nov 21 2009 	Distant from attractions but excellent hotel!	Stayed here for 3 days, and loved it! I had paid extra for a view overlooking the harbour, but since I was checking in early -- the room in question wasn't ready. I was exhausted from the traveling, so they prepared another room for me while I had complimentary breakfast. Had a delicious breakfast sipping on fresh orange juice while overlooking the marina. They had construction going on, at times audible -- which the staff was very apologetic about.Moved into the hotel room, and was very pleased -- a spacious living room/office, large bedroom, and 2 washrooms. The main washroom had a separate door for the toilet, awesome! Very courteous and friendly staff members. The front desk staff greet you by your name (they make it a point to remember it) as you come back into the hotel daily. Breakfast rolls in on a trolley at a time you prefer, and cleaning ladies visit your room several times during the day to tidy it up. It's really difficult to beat the level of service!The only downfall is that the main attractions are all quite distant from the hotel. You will end up cabbing a lot, which adds up pretty fast! The internet is not free and phone relatively pricey, so expect extra charges for that. Overall, you can't go wrong with Wyndham Grand!	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent!	We booked the Wyndham Grand after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. We weren't sure what to expect and were hoping that we would have a small kitchen so that we could be self contained. In reality, this is a 5* hotel with a bedroom and a sitting room but it is great. The location of the hotel is excellent if you want to be in this part of London. At first, we thought we were a little isolated but once we knew the area this was not the case. 5 minutes walk to Kings Road, 10 minutes to Fulham Broadway for the tube and all in all, a quiet area but near to the Central London. The best way to get around is with an all day travel pass which is cheap and gives access to the buses and the trains. We came from Gatwick Airport so used the Southern Train and then after changing at Clapham Junction, the local train which was one stop to the hotel at Imperial Wharf.The hotel staff were, without exception, outstanding. Nothing was too much trouble and they were charming and helpful if not always knowledgeable. The lifts were always available and the corridors to the rooms were warm. inviting and well furnished. The room itself was a delight. There were two toilets, two televisions, a well furnished sitting room and a stylish bedroom. There was a safe and tea/coffee making facilities - you need to ask for a kettle. The bed was very comfortable and the heating was easy to operate. The bathroom was first class with a power rainforest shower with easy to operate controls. There is building work going on but it didn't disturb us and when the hotel is finished it will be even better. All in all, a great hotel, with great rooms in a good location and if the prices remain reasonable, (we paid £150 a night wthout breakfast) well worth considering. Next time we visit London, if we don't need to be in the East of the City we will head straight for the Wyndham Grand.	
Nov 14 2009 	Everything was great apart from noise	The suite we had was fantastic - a real luxurious experience. Location was good - right near the new Imperial Wharf overland train. Breakfast was of a good quality and also good value. My only concern was the noise at night - not because of the renovation - but from the suite doors which bang when shut and also we were in a room with an adjoining room and could our neighbours word for word. Fortunately they also had a child and it quietened down earlier enough. I did raise this with the hotel via a feedback email and received a positive reply saying my account had been updated to note I require a quiet room next time I stay. You may want to request this if noise concerns you. If you are stuck for somewhere to eat in the evening, I can recommend the Indian round the corner in the Harbour development.	
Nov 2 2009 	Stunning Rooms and Excellant Service	Me and my boyfriend received a good rate for this hotel with Travelzoo as refurb works were ongoing. We managed to get our friends to come along too for a nice weekend away. The hotel location is very good, close but not too close to inner busy London. The surroundings are beautiful - the Marina suite we booked delivered well -it was lovely. Very spacious and comfy. We could not believe we had 2 toilets!! We barely ever noticed the building works but did guess that the entrance being used at the moment is not the original. However it was all still very nice. Exceptionally clean and tidy even if there was works going on. I would love to see it once its finished. The staff were efficient and friendly, especially in the bar on the Penthouse floor.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best pillows ever!	We booked the hotel for £149 through laterooms.com and were advised that the usual rate was £500 but as the hotel was under refurbishment all suites were reduced. Firstly we struggled to find the hotel but eventually found the best and safest route from Fulham Broadway tube station was via Harewood Road, New Kings Road and Lots Road. This route takes you direct to Chelsea Harbour and the Wyndham Grand.We checked in very easily and although the refurbishment work was clearly evident it did not impact on our stay. The suite was large, clean and comfortable. The children slept on a spacious sofa bed in the lounge whilst we had a large bed with huge pillows. There were two TVs, two toilets and an adequate bathroom with White Company toiletries. My only complaint was the very small, extremely low bath, altogether quite odd. Overall the room was a great choice although I think the usual price tag would have been a bit steep.We didn't eat in the hotel but opted for the Blue Elephant thai restaurant on Fulham Broadway ... truly excellent as ever!We were still full the next morning so gave breakfast a miss. The full english would have been approx. £24 if we had opted to eat in the hotel. Express checkout made our departure quick with a receipt posted to our home address.In all a lovely hotel that will be fabulous when the refurbishment is complete. The harbour setting is peaceful for London and very handy for shopping on the Kings Road.	
Oct 29 2009 	This doesn't feel like 5 star service	I've stayed here before and loved it but this time, for 2 nights for my birthday, there were several things wrong:- no doorman and I wanted to feel welcomed after a long hard week- I was kept waiting to check in without even being acknowledged - even barmen manage to say &quot;I'll be with you in a minute&quot;- my husband had ordered champagne in our room with a personalised message but the message wasn't there (he'd spelled all names out too)- TV didn't work unless both tvs were on - someone came and said it was fixed but it wasn't so we had to keep the second tv on (which went on standby after a while so it was a pain to do so and anyway we shouldn't have to after paying 14GBP to watch a film)- fire alarm went off both nights we were there, not confidence inspiring- internet access is 75p A MINUTE - I therefore used my blackberry instead- I called to ask what certificate a flm was as it wasn't mentioned on their entertainment package onscreen and they said &quot;it's on the tv&quot; - it isn't. They could have looked it up but obviously couldn't be botheredGood things:- at 130GBP it's cheap for a suite - 2 loos are great especially if you have children with you, which we did- room service is quick (but expensive, 52 quid for 2 cooked breakfast, 2 frosties, toast and croissants, juice and coffee)- rooms are spaciouslast time I stayed I was really impressed. I did email with my issues and did receive an apology so that's nice but not enough to make me go again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Top Quality Hotel	Stayed here for one night on an anniversary trip. Everything was fantastic. The rooms, the service, the friendly attitude of the staff etc. The view across london and the chelsea harbour are amazing. The list goes on.A special mention to Adnan Malik, the guest relations manager, very friendly, helpful and professional, he really epitomises the fantastic class of the hotel. Can't wait to go back when the refurb is done!	
Oct 28 2009 	This was the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in!	Due to a freak snowstorm our flight from London back home to the US was delayed 3 days! Our luggage had already been checked in at the airport and we had absolutely no UK currency on hand, as we hadn't expected to be in London for so long. The staff was so kind and friendly. After what we had been through at Heathrow we were so relieved to take a warm shower and relax in such a beautiful facility. The only problem we had was the fact that we had no money to tip with. We felt really bad about this, and still do!	
Oct 27 2009 	perfect in every way	What a perfect break at this wonderful hotel. We stayed at the Wyndham Grand for my husbands birthday. Did some research as wanted to stay in Chelsea and came across this hotel and its superb reviews on Trip Advisor. Have to say it did not disappoint and cannot wait to return.We are advised when we booked there could be noise as the hotel was undergoing refurbishment but we didnt hear a sound. We arrived on Saturday Lunch to be greeted by George the concierge who was such a welcome friendly guy. Nothing was too much trouble for him, very friendly efficient and informative. Check in was quick and when we walked into our suite ....wow..We were on the first floor overlooking the harbour. Rooms are beautiful, modern spacious and very quiet.We walked to the Kings Road which was 5 minutes from the hotel. On Sunday we wanted to go to the London Eye and concierge George arranged a car for Milton to take us to the London Eye. The service at this hotel was exceptional and we cannot wait to go back. Breakfast was continental in the Penthouse bar and there was so much choice. If you want a nice hotel, with quality and exceptional service I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. We have stayed in many hotels around London but this is now our favourite. Suitable for families with young children, romantic breaks and also for business. You will not be disappointed.	
Oct 25 2009 	Warm roomy comfortable suite with a friendly and helpful staff; very relaxing after a long trip.	We stayed in a wonderful suite at this hotel, overlooking the marina. Having previously stayed at a top rated Trip Advisor hotel in London that turned out to be comfortable but very small, the contrast with the Wyndham was tremendous. (We live in Hawaii so are used to resort hotels, and the suite at the Wyndham was comparable or better than any we've stayed in here.) The bedroom was huge with a large flat screened TV and welcoming soft sheets and comforter. The living room was large, again with a TV, desk, couch and side chairs, and lots of magazines. And the large bathroom with all of its amenities was luxurious. We also had a balcony overlooking the marina. We had hesitated staying here because I'd read Trip Advisor comments about it's being far out of the way and expensive. However, the Imperial Wharf Station opened a few weeks before we arrived, and although our stay wasn't long enough for us to use it, I assume it would help. We took a cab to the hotel from Victoria Station and a cab to Heathrow when we left and didn't find the cost of either unreasonable. The concierge was very helpful with suggestions of where to walk to find shops and food, and we found it an easy 2 block walk to King's Road and only about a 10 minute walk into Chelsea itself, with lots of choices of small restaurants. We also stopped at a nearby market to buy food for a continental breakfast, which was easy and inexpensive. The hotel is very close to many antique shops; we were sorry we arrived too late and left the next day too early to spend time browsing through them. The hotel is undergoing renovations, so the main dining room (which we probably wouldn't have used, anyway) and the health club (which I might have used) were closed. But food and a bar were available on the top floor, if wanted. With the discount because of the renovations and what I assume is their off-season Fall discount, the hotel was very reasonable for what we experienced. My husband says he'll only return to London if we stay there again. Thank you, Wyndham, for a delightful end to our 3 week visit to London and the continent.	
Oct 23 2009 	Truly wonderful comfort	Arrived at 3pm and our suite was ready, efficient check in. We knew about the renovation work and, as we wouldn't have had time for the spa etc, this didn't matter. Bit less delighted to be woken to the sound of drilling in the morning but then it was 9.45 and I was only still asleep because my son had had a bad night (high temperature). Would love to visit again next year though if the hotel offer a repeat visit to former guests.The suite we had was on the first floor but still had a nice view and we loved the decor and furniture, especially the bed spreads and ultra stylish bathroom. Never in my life have I come across a pillow menu, you can choose the type of pillow you want, even Tempur pillows are available. I was happy with my supplied giant puffy ones though and the crisp egyptian cotton sheets - very comfortable. What a treat the turn down service is - the only other time I had floor sheets placed beside the bed, and then they didn't provide slippers, was at the &quot;uber luxury&quot; Reids in Madeira. Nice touch to come back to find lighting etc adjusted for bedtime, plus classical music playing softly and our bottled water renewed. We felt pampered.I also enjoyed the quality and choice of teas in the room and the speed and friendliness with which my skimmed milk was brought up on request. Perhaps biscuits would be a nice addition to the complimentaries?Another plus is the great selection of reading material, including Red magazine, Time Out plus some luxury stuff. Not sure the Sky channels all worked but poor son was unwell so not such a problem. &quot;Poor son&quot; needed paracetamol and a very friendly and kind member of staff went out and bought me a bottle, no charge.The rooms are so quiet, no sounds from fellow guests at all and the area is itself very peaceful. We walked to &amp; from the Kings Road and used buses to get to the restaurant theatre in Haymarket last night and then to Imperial War Museum today. We arrived via the new Imperial Wharf train station which was fine but we wanted to see a bit more of London en route than is possible via the tubes so we used the buses. The walk to the Kings Road stop is not far at all (10 mins max) and the street felt safe.Breakfast was a very pleasant affair from the Penthouse with a good choice of cereals, breads, fruit and cold meats, cheese etc. Would like to be offered toast with my tea/coffee rather than DIY but I am sure it would have been brought if I'd asked as I heard someone else order it brought to them.My son wasn't charged as the hotel has a child friendly ethos. Good news as he wasn't up to eating more than a little cereal and a few grapes anyway.The attention to detail in this hotel is impressive, the location is tranquil (but allow time to get places and note the river boat service is operational in commuter times only). Overall a truly luxurious experience, I would love to return if I can afford it.	
Oct 13 2009 	10 out of 10	Firstly the bad - They are working on the hotel during the day.Now for the good - We spent one morning and one afternoon in our room and didn't really notice the work. Other than that this is an excellent hotel and can not recommend it enough. The staff are helpful, friendly and attentive. Everything about this hotel and team shouts quality. Truely one of the best places I have ever stayed.	
Oct 9 2009 	Outstanding hotel highly recommend	This is a great five star that's a bit overlooked because it's in zone 2, so it's a little off the beaten path. Five star service and rooms, it was a great experience.	
Sep 28 2009 	Amazing stay	My girlfriend and I have used this hotel on a weekend break...it was my girlfriends birthday and i wanted it to have the wow factor and it didn't disappoint! I have traveled lots and generally stay in hotels 5/6 months a year and i have to say that this hotel room is one of best!. It is a fair walk to the nearest tube station but there was a over ground station just opened 100 meters away so it should be an easy journey into the west end. The health club was not open due to refurbishment and the service was a little slow at breakfast but they are the only criticism of the hotel. overall a great stay.	
Sep 23 2009 	Spoiled rotten!	I was given a weekend at the hotel as part of a fantastic 40th birthday present; I had asked to be spoiled rotten and I thoroughly enjoyed being so. From the moment we arrived, the service was impeccable from every member of staff with whom we came into contact from the doorman onwards. Valet parking was welcome and our bags were whisked up to our room and set out for us. Although we were only only the second floor, the views were attractive and the room was extremely spacious for a London hotel with a separate sitting room, huge bathroom and comfortable bedroom. The air-con was whisper-quiet (a change after some recent hotels!) and the bed was exceptionally comfortable; I had the nicest nights' sleep! Little touches, including the turn-down service, were welcome and made the stay all the better. The bathroom toiletries were especially nice!Breakfast in the morning was extremely generous despite the apologetic &quot;I'm afraid we only have the express buffet today&quot; and included delicious pastries, scrambled eggs, sausages and bacon, cereals, fruit and yoghurts - the hot food was tasty and fresh and far better then some congealed hotel breakfast offerings. Despite breakfast being in a conference room as a result of improvement works, the view over the harbour was an attractive way to start a Sunday.The walk to the tube station is no big deal and didn't take long - there's always a taxi if this is a problem. Worth noting that the area is quiet and smart and we felt totally safe walking back to the hotel late at night.I don't like to ask about how much it cost, as it was a gift, but my partner assured me that our stay represented good value for money. The facelift works were barely evident and in no way impeded our enjoyment of the stay and I would hope that we would be able to stay here at some time in the future - the service was really that good!	
Sep 22 2009 	Not a bad option for corporate travel	First-I hope the bloody building work has finished.Awkward location although anyone not fussy about transport links will find it rather picturesque.Chinese lady in the check in spends more time on the phone chatting to her mates then doing anything else.Stayed in the 1 bedroom suit ,rooms well appointed,entertainment system up to good standards,cleanliness superb and sporting facilities and spa equipped well.Evening entertainment non-existent.Probably would visit again.Good for corporate folks or family visiting.	
Sep 21 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We chose this hotel due to the great price and location and we were not disappointed. The rate we got was excellent due to an autumn promotion and also due to the fact that some refurbishment was going on. I telephoned the hotel beforehand, and they assured me that only a small part of the hotel was affected. I think it was the conference rooms and health suite. On arriving at the hotel, the staff were really attentive and took time to explain everything we needed.Our room was fantastic. I understand every room is a suite. Great size for a London hotel. Large bathroom and separate toilet. Great lounge with balcony. The bed was huge and comfortable.Staff on concierge really helpful, pointed us to a great pub just a 2 minute walk away which was right on the Thames.We had a problem with our room key. We were escorted to the bar for a complimentary drink whilst they quickly sorted it. Hotel was fairly quiet. I imagine that people may be put off due to the refurbishments. Don't be. We didn't have any problems with noise etc. Just check before you go to see which areas of the hotel are affected.	
Sep 14 2009 	Treat others the way you yourself want to be treated	Simply the best. This hotel will treat you as well as you do yourself. Perfect execution, the rooms are lovely and the staff as polished and professional as can be.	
Sep 6 2009 	Quality hotel again 	We have stayed at The Wyndham at least 6 times as we often travel to London &amp; need a good base. The staff are always attentive and friendly without any pretentious nonsense. The food is A1 &amp; the rooms are spacious and clean. We have 2 small dogs who even accompany us!! Our 7 year old loves this hotel as she gets a swim in the pool &amp; her own TV! Yes the bar does have a 9pm watershed for kids which is fair enough but you can dine in the restaurant late and this gets around that issue! We loved this hotel so much that we even spent Chrsitmas 07 here &amp; intend to return for Christmas 09!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fabulous Suites in a Fabulous Hotel	Wyndham Grand exceeded our expectations at every turn.Set in Chelsea Harbour near to the King's Road, the hotel is in a great location.The suites are fabulous with ample supplies of bottled water, tea &amp; coffee.We really appreciate the wonderful service that we received at the hotel. There was some confusion with our reservation which was speedily rectified. One of our children is disabled and we generally find it difficult to find accomodation that allows us all to be together without a prohibitive cost. Wyndham Grand is a fabulous hotel with wonderful staff - thank you for a fantastic weekend.	
Aug 31 2009 	Refurb makes it difficult to assess fully but service and room were impeccable	Visited for 2 nights at the end of August. Our room/suite was very impressive, and the level of service we received could not be faulted. It was unfortunate that the restaurant and more particularly the spa/pool facilities were out of action whilst being refurbished, although in fairness the hotel did E-mail in advance to advise that this was the case. The price we paid also reflected the fact that the hotel is not the &quot;finished&quot; article. The hotel is a little off the beaten track in terms of the tube (20 minute walk to Fulham Broadway), although the new station appears to be coming on well. We highlighted a couple of minor problems with the room one morning: by evening, they had been addressed. All in all, quite difficult to review properly due to the &quot;work in progress&quot;, but I've no doubt that when fully refurbished, the hotel will be highly impressive. One small gripe: I'd E-mailed to advise that it was a special birthday for my wife, and whilst I received an acknowledgement that this had been passed to the Duty Manager, there was no evidence to suggest that this was the case.	
Aug 27 2009 	Lovely hotel you must stay here!	My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night and it was the icing on the cake after a very special day. We'd booked a Marina suite with a view of the harbour but the hotel rang us a day before to say there was a leak and we were being moved to a similar suite with a different view. To apologise they arranged for a bottle of chilled champers to be waiting for us on arrival, it was!The view wasn't bad but the room made up for a lack of harbour view. It was amazing, like a little flat! I've never stayed anywhere before where there is a separate living area. The room even had a little hallway from the main door leading to the main rooms. The living area was spacious with a flat tv on the wall and stereo, big sofa, armchairs, desk and usual fridge, tea making facilities etc in the sideboard. The bedroom contained a massive bed, another big tv and wardrobes.The bed was really comfy with plenty of pillows.The bathroom was great, big and spacious. A seperate loo at the back of th eroom with a door, good for boys! The shower was powerful, the bath is big enough for two and the towels were fluffy and soft. We had breakfast in the room the morning after and is was just lovely, see the pic!The staff were really friendly and helpful, couldn't fault anything about this hotel.We didn't have time to check out the pool etc but going be what we saw I'm sure it was lovely. Do take advantage of the free chaufeur service on offer. it doesn't take you miles but the driver will drop you at nearby landmarks and tube stations. The Chelsea footie team stayed there the same night as us and I saw them boarding the coach as I was handing my dress over to my mum outside.If it's good enough for them it's good enough for you!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel	Two school friends and I had a suite at this hotel for one night including breakfast. The location on the harbour is wonderful and like being abroad. You would not think you were in the middle of london. Downside... well yes you are in the middle of london, but a taxi drive from the underground station, and no where much in the immediate vicinity to go. Beautiful room and bathroom with expensive toiletries, bathrobs and slippers.Nice breakfast although they seemed in a hurry to clear away.We had a great deal via Travel Zoo	
Jul 24 2009 	Incredible stay (if you dodge the building works)	We stayed for 3 nights with my spouse and our two little kids. The rooms (actually suites) were huge, furnished with taste and perfectly clean. Room service was excellent throughout : the staff was charming, it took them hardly five minutes to bring a baby cot to the room, we didn't even have to ask. Complimentary tea, coffee and daily newspapers was also appreciated. The free access swimming pool is a real treat, unfortunately it is now closed or refurbishment until jan'10.We paid £150/night VAT included, which is incredible value when you know London hotel prices.Not many things to say on the down side :- we had to bear two false fire alarms, one of them at midnight. I guess it's linked to the ongoing refurbishment. But I suppose better safe than sorry...- apart from that, we were lucky not annoied by the refurbishment or by the exterior works (they were building a new railway station just beneath our windows), but if I were you I would check by phone with the staff, and ask for a room with a marina view (with higher rates though). - the breakfast rates are exagaratingly steep (over £20 for a full breakfast, a little less for continental) whereas, strangely enough, the other room service food prices are rather reasonable.- high speed Internet rates are also highway robbery. They should know that many good hotels (even 2 stars) have free Wifi access.	
Jul 13 2009 	Lovely stay	We stayed at this hotel May 23rd for 2 nights on a deal with Travel Zoo and really enjoyed our stay there.We were given room 315 which was lovely, we did ask if the hotel was full as we wanted to upgrade sadly it was.All the staff were lovely so attentive without being intrusive.We had a problem with our TV in the lounge so, we phoned downstairs and the problem was sorted within 10mins.It is about a 20 minute walk to the Kings Rd, not to far at all.Had a good walk then finished our evening with our drink on the outdoor decking area, it was lovely.Would love to return but with an upgraded room, hopefully in the summer.Cant fault it	
Jul 10 2009 	Fantastic great value for luxury rooms!	This hotel made London worthwhile. What a view of the Tower bridge and the Eye! After roughing it Provence this was luxury, great beds, great sheets, great staff. Family suites were very nice. A special shout out to Craig and Romina, thanks for the extra help with the blinking red light. A great value for what you get, rooms are comparable to a Ritz Carlton US. We were VERY pleased, good job Wyndam. Also, I never expect much from room service, but the food was very good. We were impressed. A word to the wise I think there is a little Tesco express right outside of the hotel. Also, they purify their own water and is complementry in the rooms. I appreciated not having to scrounge for bottled water once we got there. Classy!	
Jul 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel a real treat.	Stayed here on Christmas eve in one of the harbour view rooms, and i can only describe it as amazing. The room was like an apartment, really roomy and beautifully decorated.The views of the harbour and London skyline were gorgeous, especially on Christmas eve. Truly magical and will definately stay here again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel however. . .	The hotel suite was beautiful, very roomy, with balconies overlooking the harbour which is a great place to relax and enjoy a bottle of wine. Meals are very overpriced. Breakfast for two $80+ and the room service food was what I would expect at bargain hotel - tasteless, overpriced and very disappointing. If you want to be close to the heart of London this hotel is a distance away, a one-way taxi ride cost $12 - $20, and a taxi to the tube cost $8 - $10. Construction is taking place and noise is to be expected during the day. This information was given to us upon our arrival and then again later in our stay with a letter left in our room. We did ask for a late checkout and were told the first hour would be complimentary but every hour thereafter would cost 20 pounds ($34 per hour). Overall, a beautiful hotel, spacious suite with great views overlooking the harbour, over-priced meals, and a distance away from the heart of London.	
Jun 29 2009 	Lovely Modern Hotel in good location	Booked our room via Hotwire and had no problems. Had called prior to arrival after reading reviews about the construction works to request a room away from the works and this was accommodated. Check in was smooth and was taken to room 407 on 4th floor, was a bit worried when we stepped out of the lift to find the room directly next to the lifts as was worried it would be too noisy but couldnt hear the lifts at all. Rooms are much larger than most standard London hotel rooms. Small hallway leading to a lounge with sofa and desk and refreshments and safe, and a separate bedroom with lovely comfortable beds with choice of a variety of pillows (pls note you have to request turn down service at reception). Bathroom with shower cubicle and bath and separate toilet and bidet. The White Company toiletries were provided which were very nice. Tea and Coffee and one bottle of drinking water was provided and there was a mini bar which we didnt use. Service at reception was very good. I tired to order an English Breakfast tea from the bar only to be informed that they didnt have any and they didnt offer to get any either which I thought was pretty bad for a 5* hotel in London and also found the receptionist at the health spa quite unfriendly. Other than that no complaints and didnt hear or see any construction work in or around the hotel so we didnt have any complaints about this. The restaurant is closed at the moment which we were informed at check in but we didnt have plans to eat in the hotel anyway. Would stay here again. Its a good location to Chelsea and Knightsbridge, we walked to Fulham (15-20 mins) and the Kings Road (15-20 mins) and Harrods (30 mins) and it was a very pleasant walk as the area is very nice.	
Jun 3 2009 	five star hotel 0 star service very disapointing never will return	we travelled to the wyndam on tuesday 26th of may two adults and a small child, we were impressed with the hotel for the price £150 as the are improvements 9am to 6pm.BUT when we retired to our room got our son to sleep at 1145 all hell let loose jcb,s diggers and rock breakers lee than 100 meters from the hotel the noise was unbearable this lasted till after 5 am. we complained twice but the front desk told us they are laying new rail lines down appparently till december. in the morning i asked to speak to the manager (helen wallace) she made us wait in reception for over an hour then told us it was not the hotel it was the railway so not her problem. i think the noise is well over any reqired levels and the hotel know this but ultimately it will provide a rail stop to the hotel door, this is why the rooms are cheap not because of the daytime improvements.the manager is very rude the staff are afraid of her because of improvements the hotel has little facilities and most of all cant even offer a quiet room, if you fancy a 24 hour building site go ahead but im sure you can do better.marriot and hilton are much nicer.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic short break - highly recommended	We decided to go away, at the last minute, for a Bank Holiday break with our 2 children (3 and 7). We found this hotel almost by accident on 'late rooms', and got a great rate. The suite was perfect - marine view and comfortable sofa bed, separate bedroom, balcony overlooking the marina, top quality furnishings and equipment (2 HD TVs, a brilliant Monsoon shower and a mini sailing boat for the bath to name just a few). Lovely pool for the children and great service throughout. Sitting on our balcony, sipping wine whilst watching the sun set, with the children fast asleep after a fun filled day pottering around the King's Road, we felt worlds away from the daily grind and one night away felt more like a week. The hotel is being refurbished (although we had no sight or sound of this during our stay) so now is the time to grab a great rate and treat yourselves!	
May 23 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!	We visited this hotel as a treat for my son who wanted to visit a 5 * Hotel for his birthday treat. We arrived, were greeted brusquely, had our credit card details taken and then once these were taken informed that the hotel was undergoing major refurbishment and that there would be noise from 9 a.m onwards. We were shown to our room where the TV didn't work and the fold up bed was tatty. We went to investigate the pool using the lift we were directed to .. and found instead floors of broken chairs. We went to the pool and couldn't get in with the key ....asked where the restaurant was ...only to be told it was closed. At this stage, we began to wonder what the point of our stay was. So, we complained, were offered a £30 reduction, use of a WII and a few snacks from room service. We decided to cut our losses and leave. Apparently we should have been advised in advance that there was building works on but when we booked and when we phoned on the morning of our visit for travel advice there was no inkling that things were less than normal.	
May 4 2009 	Nice hotel with friendly staff	I booked this hotel through a travel zoo offer, so only paid £129 for the room, breakfast for the kids were free and the adults only paid half price.As i stayed over the bank holiday, I did not hear the noise from the penthouse refurb, which I heard was pretty bad. Our room overlooked a train line but you could hardly hear this, so not a problem. The room was nice and large, with a balcony complest with 2 chairs and a table, fantastic quality toiletries, large fluffy towels and so far so good the best hotel slippers I have worn. There were lots of TV channels to chose from which you would think most hotels would have with the freeview we now have, but there are still so many with just the basic 1-5 a news channel and maybe one or two european channels, here you get at least 30 channels. The bed was lovely, the turndown service was fab, all the towels changed, bathroom cleaned again, and 2 large bottles of water on each bedside table. For those who dont want to pay for internet in the room, there is a PC located by the entrance that is free to use.The staff are really friendly and helpful, the gym is a little cramped, but good up to date equipment and weights with a seperate stretching room, lots of bottled water to help yourself to, and even cold towels to cool yourself down with! The pool is deep, it is 1.5metres all round, which is fine for an average height adult, but could pose a problem for kids or anyone shorter than me :-) (im 5ft 2) but it was clean and large.The only downside, but not enough to take a mark off was the breakfast, it all seemed a bit disorganised, they ran out of rice krispies and they didnt even have weetabix, and these cereals are a basic really in any hotel, may seem a bit picky but as a mother of a 1year old with 4 teeth these are the only cereals he is ok with eating. The tea was the loose version, but was so weak it was pointless and one of my pancakes were burnt to a crisp. If I had to give the breakfast a mark out of 10, it would be a 5, certainly nothing special, and would have been very annoyed if I had paid the full price for for it , infact I have had better in the Ibis! but the staff really do try their best and once again all very friendly.Would certainly stay here again,ideally over the August bank holiday, as that way you avoid the building works and hopefully will be hot so then you can really enjoy the balcony	
Apr 28 2009 	Avoid Building Works	We stayed for 2 days in mid-April. The hotel staff were very friendly, though service was a bit haphazard and internet access was charged at 24pounds Sterling a day. . The room was very nice with a separate bedroom and living room. However, our room (617) overlooked a building site where, for some unknown reason, building work took place only at night. After an interrupted first night the noise got so bad during the second night that at 3.30 in the morning I asked to be given another room as sleep was sinply impossible (this was speedily organised). What was annoying was that the staff clearly knew about the possible interruptions (our bedroom window could not be opened) and despite the hotel not beeing fully booked gave us the room. So, if you are planning to stay there in the near future avoid any rooms (on any floors) with uneven room numbers!	
Apr 25 2009 	The most near perfect you can get to a stay in London!	Writing this review a little late as I have been travelling since the end of Feb when we stayed at the Wyndham. What a fabulous hotel!I have stayed at many hotels in London for either work or leisure, and they are either over priced, or flatter to deceive. This place was perfect. It's out in Chelsea, about a 5-10 min walk from Fulham Broadway station, but that shouldn't bother the healthy walkers amongst us and the area is quite pleasant. I had some business to tend to very quickly then me and my friend were going to enjoy the rest of weekend in London. The hotel check-in staff were friendly and helpful, and gave clear advice on cost when I wanted a upgraded room. We got a good offer of upgrading to a harbour view room and breakfast for a very reasonable price.The rooms are brilliant. You get a living room, complete with sofa, tv and SPACE!, a nice balcony to either have a quick drink whilst watching the nice boats or to just lounge. The bedroom was separate, but very clean with nice twin/double beds.The bathroom was one of the nicest bathrooms we had seen, The toilet was in a separate room, and there was 2 in the suite!The shower was amazing and very comfortable. I wanted the penthouse but me and my friend needed separate beds.Once I had sorted my work things out, We went out and explored London a little as we always do, before hitting the vibrant life of Kings Road later, which was WALKING distance from the hotel. We came back (peacefully) in the early hours but worse for wear. This is where the breakfast came in....We went downstairs for breakfast the next morning in almost zombie like states. The staff were amazingly attentive and helpful, and the breakfast was fresh, warm and made to a very high standard. There were hot options, cold options, fruit platters......allsorts!Overall we had a fantastic stay, I haven't even mentioned the lovely ambient bar/restaurant in the lobby, or the fitness suite with 2 steam rooms and swimming pool. Certainly a hidden gem, and I am already trying to get a loyalty agreement so I can come and stay more often for both work and leisure.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great service and location!	This hotel is well located, has great service, and is superb value. For GBP 160 per night, we got a suite with balcony overlooking Chelsea Harbour - right off the Thames River. The breakfasts were the best we've had in the UK. Well stocked meeting a large range of dietary needs. The staff were attentive and pulled out all the stops. The location provides excellent access to the better parts of London. Great for walks or runs along the Thames embankment. Hotel Spa was small but decent including 17 meter heated indoor pool.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent hotel	The wyndham is an excellent hotel, the suites are big and comfortable and the price is very good for london. It is a bit outside &quot;tourist&quot; london but buss 22 stops 500 meters from the hotell and takes you straight to the city center so it is realy no problem. Everyone was realy helpfull and nice. If you go up to Big Easy in kings road you will get an excellent meal. We did not try the hotel resturant as we travelled with a 3 year old and needed something family friendly.Only major complaint i have is that they charge 24£ a night for wifi access that is close to robbery seeing many hotels has it free or atleast to a more sane price. I recomend that you try to access BtOpenZone, that will cost you 15£ for 5 days.Overall an excellent hotel and we will stay here again if we go back to london	
Apr 13 2009 	Very high standards	Did a one-nighter here...got upgraded to a Marina view. I echo all of what's been written on here - a fabulous hotel - especially by London standards. Many excellent touches - including an Easter egg for our daughter (as we were staying over Easter).The leisure centre is excellent - although the pool is a little deep for novice swimmers / young children (1.50m all the way around).Will definitely return.	
Mar 27 2009	Off the Beaten Path Exceeded Expectations	This luxurious hotel is off the beaten path from Central London but ideally located off Kings Road. You feel as though you are in a private gated community but close to a trendy neighborhood. This suite hotel is hard to find in London and the spacious rooms are enormous for London standards. Our suite had a balcony facing Chelsea Harbour where each morning we read our paper with a coffee. The service is exceptional treating each guest as their only one. It helps to be a Wyndham By Request member: down pillows, fresh fruit and wine with our arrival. Can't wait for a return holiday to stay here and be pampered again!	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent!	The minute we pulled up to the hotel door in our taxi and the doorman helped us out the taxi. I knew we were in for a great time. Check-in was smooth and quick with no problems. We were shown to our room by a very helpful member of staff who showed us how to work the TV's and AC/Heating. The hotel has no rooms, they are referred to as suites, which have a living room area and desk and the bedroom with ensuite bathroom and shower cubicle, double sinks and even a guest toilet. The suite had two balconies with views over the Chelsea area. Room amenities included an umbrella, bath robes, slippers, luxury toiletries which retail between 10 to 15 a bottle, a fully stocked mini bar, and a coffee maker with real coffee, not instant. Full use of the health club was available, which included the gym, swimming pool, sauna and steam rooms. The health club was in excellent condition and staff very helpful. The hotel breakfast was varied and included everything from cereals to pancakes and full cooked breakfasts to muffins. All the staff in the hotel that I encountered were very pleasant and professional. Check out was very quick and we were asked how we enjoyed our stay. The hotel was in Chelsea and 10 mins walk from the nearest tube station - Fulham Broadway. I could not find fault with this hotel and I would definitely go back. Well Done, Wyndham Grand.	
Mar 16 2009 	Our regular stay in London	I could not rate this too highly, as it is a tranquil, haven of peace, with added luxury.The attentive team is very helpful and the room service is excellent.It is close enough to go into town for business, but you can run away to peace and quiet each evening.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Service Great People.	We had a wonderful 3-night stay in early Feb. It doesn't seem like you are in the middle of London staying at this hotel. After a long day of sightseeing the children couldn't wait to get back to the hotel for a swim and they couldn't wait to go to the restaurant in the morning for the wonderfully prepared breakfast!On the second night, the cable television went out and we were upgraded to an even nicer suite!! What makes this a truly outstanding hotel are the people who work there -- from the doorman who was so welcoming, to the concierge staff that made us a reservation at a lovely Italian restaurant just up the road, to the staff at the front desk who always had smiles and answers to the questions we asked. We'll certainly be back the next time we're in London!	
Feb 22 2009 	One really wonderful hotel	Perhaps the best hotel we have ever stayed in.......excellent service and attention to detail......our 8 year old loved the fact that the hotel had a swimming pool....great at the beginning and end of the day after sightseeing.....truly great breakfast and room service....thank you to the management and staff of the Wyndham Grand London Chelsea Harbour.....special thanks to the Concierge for their unbiased advice	
Feb 20 2009 	Everything we wanted	Although we live in London we booked the Wyndham for a one night get away. It was perfect for us. The staff were extremely helpful. We rang up and asked if we could check in early and they were more than happy to accomodate. This allowed us plenty of time to use the hotel facilities before going out for a late lunch. Having never stayed in a suite before, we really enjoyed it and will now find it difficult to go back to normal hotel rooms! It was extremely spacious and very comfortable and avoided the clynical feel that many hotels have. If you are trying to sightsee in London the hotel is a little bit out of the way (and a decent walk from the nearest tube station) but for us this didn't matter at all and I cannot recommend the hotel highly enough.	
Feb 19 2009 	Large luxurious rooms great food and service.	Stayed here with my wife and then 7 month old son for 3 nights last year and was very impressed with the hotel and more specifically the rooms. A rarity in London to find such a spacious suite as standard, the separate sleeping and living areas (with sofas, magazines and separate flatscreen tv) were idea with a baby and the room was very well appointed with the best mattress/pillow combo I have ever slept in. We used the swimming pool twice which is a very good size and there was only ever one other person to share it with. The food was great and the staff very courteous and professional.Admittedly it is not a short walk to the Kings Road or to the nearest tube station but that was not a priority for our stay as we didn't mind meandering into Chelsea or taking a cab elsewhere.We got what we felt was a good deal on our stay (around £145 a night) and even had a quick chat with Nicolas Anelka (Chelsea footballer) who was also staying there. Would definitely stay there again for that price.	
Feb 15 2009	Amazing Stay	My boyfriend suprised me with a Valentines weekend 2 night stay here and from the moment we walked through the doors the staff were friendly and eager to help. Our suite was perfect, fluffy towels, his and her tolietries. Tbed was enormous and i barely noticed my boyfriend in it! It was clean, fresh and so comfortable. We sampled breakfast in bed on the first morning, expensive but a nice luxury if you want to splash out.We had lunch in the bar on the saturday which again was costly but good quality and the fish finger sandwich is a must!The gym is not large but adequate for a workout, but the pool and changing facilities are great.Everything about this hotel is luxury, the staff make you feel welcome and will bed over backwards to make your stay perfect.It is a 5 minute walk to the top of Kings Road but be prepared its a long walk all the way down if you are shopping.But there is no problem for the Conceirge getting you a taxiWould recommend this hotel.	
Feb 13 2009 	Fantastic stay at xmas	5 nights spent at xmas as attending football match boxing day, wonderful river view suite, loads room for 3 of us, great bathroom amenities, very good housekeeping, very discreet, no noise in corridors, excellent gym facilitiies. Also concierge lady Danielle deserves a mention , nothing too much trouble for her. Do not want to stay any where else when next in london !!!.	
Feb 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel wrong location	We stayed here for one night after booking through lastminute.com. Overall, the hotel was fantastic. We were very pleased with our suite, which was clean and spacious. However, the location was not great. The hotel is not ideal if you are sightseeing in London. A taxi to Victoria cost us about £15 and the nearest tube station, Fulham Broadway is a good 15-20 mins walk. Also, don't go if there is a Chelsea game on! The tube is busy, roads are closed and taxis can't get through the streets because of the traffic. It was so bad that the taxi driver told us to get out of the taxi and walk...which we did all the way from Earls Court! Although Chelsea Harbour itself is attractive there is very little to do in the area. I had read comments on TripAdvisor before I went regarding the noise of planes flying over. I can honestly say this was never an issue, don't be put off by this. Finally, take a credit card with you! We were surprised to be asked upon check-in for our credit card to take a £100 security fee in case we damaged anything or used the mini bar. Maybe this is normal with 5* hotels but we were not expecting it. I would recommend the hotel for people on business in the Chelsea area, not for tourists.	
Jan 8 2009 	Suite heaven	Stayed here for 5 nights which included New Year's Eve. The accomodation was excellent - very clean and all needs catered for - eg: full set of towels including face cloths, dressing gowns, slippers, shoe horn, clothes brush, compliementary bottled water, newpaper delivered each morning. 2 plasma TV's, (one in the bedroom and one in the sitting room). And wait for it .. filter coffee ! no instant in sight !On our first morning of sight seeing we took a taxi to victoria ( approx £8 stg) but when we got our London transport travel cards we took tte tube to Earl's court and from there the C3 bus which stopped outside the Hotel (well about 45 seconds walk away !). On your way back to the Hotel from London city centre and getting off at Earl's court make sure to take the Earl's Court Road exit from the tube station, turn to your right and the bus stop for the C3 is accross the road.  I would recomend the travel card as taxi fares add up very quickly.  The hotel is very close to city centre using public transport and as it is not right in the centre you get a very peaceful nights sleep in excellent surroundings. Enjoy your stay !	
Jan 5 2009 	Upscale yet refined	You cannot get much better than the Wyndham Chelsea Harbour. The rooms are very spacious with flat panel televisions, a stereo system and a sitting area. The bathrooms are some of the largest I've seen in quite a while.The service was subdued yet helpful. I used the conceriege many times and they always seemed to rise to the occassion; equally, the front desk was most accomodating.The Fulham Broadway metro station is an easy 15 minute walk if you don't mind walking (which I didn't). If you plan on using a taxi, expect to pay 6 pounds from the tube to the hotel.The hotel borders on being a 5* - very pleasant and accomodating.	
Jan 4 2009 	Very very good	We've just returned from 3 nights at this really lovely hotel. We already had a London hotel booked for our trip when, 2 days before we were due to travel, I received an email from Travelzoo with a special offer on the Wyndham. After checking reviews on TA, I decided to go for it and this was definitely the right decision. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a marina view suite which was amazing. We had a balcony overlooking the marina and it was so quiet we could have been in the heart of the country rather than in the middle of London. There was also a bowl of fresh fruit waiting for us in the suite with a welcome card from the manager - a very nice touch. The suite was large and very comfortable with a plasma TV in both the living room and bedroom. Everything was spotlessly clean and daily housekeeping was excellent. All members of staff with whom we came into contact - reception, concierge, doormen, and particularly room service, were polite, charming and coudn't do enough to help. We didn't use either the restaurant or the health club, being too exhausted at the end of each day to do anything more than order room service, but the room service menu was pretty extensive and everything we ordered was delicious. The only very slight drawback to the hotel is the 10 minutes or more of very brisk walking it takes to get to Fulham Broadway, the nearest tube station. This was OK in the mornings, but returning in the evenings we could never quite face it. We hit on a compromise of getting the tube to Victoria and then getting a taxi from there - £10 or so. However, the payback for this very small disadantage is being in a beautiful, quiet hotel far away from constant traffic noise and sirens. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough and would love to return next time I'm in London.	
Dec 22 2008 	superb	Wow we booked this Hotel as we where going to Olympia on the 21st Dec. This hotel is Stunning, We have stayed in some amazing 5 star Hotels in Vegas and this is up there with them infact the rooms beat them. The only thing that lets this Hotel down is the moody staff who dont make you feel very welcome. The breakfast staff where fantastic and 100% to Housekeeping as we forgot our washbag and within 1 min of calling housekeeping the doorbell went. (yes you have your own doorbell.) The main reastaurant is expensive but heck its worth it, although we didn't rate the Puddings and the staff as i said before could of been nicer. The breakfast was superb and the staff where fantastic. BEWARE the breakfast was included in our room rate but twice they tryed to charge us, And its very good but i did feel that when i went to the cold bar to get a skinny muffin i was fround apon felt that they maybe shouldn't watch what your taking it gave us a complex as it was st stunning we did want to sample it all. (still rubbing belly now) But its xmas after all. The bar snack menu looked very good aswell and half the price. But for us eating in the main reastaurant made the trip for us. I can't say enough about the room and how fantastic it was. We can't wait to go back next year. Lets just hope the staff are nicer. I f you have any question please feel free to E mail me.	
Dec 19 2008 	Steer well clear lovely hotel staff are an utter disgrace with children	I had booked the Wyndham hotel again after staying a number of times, staying before as a couple. This time we came with our 4 year old. He has travelled internationally many times and is a very well behaved boy..... still he is not welcome at the Wyndham. After arriving at 19.30, we went straight back down to the bar at 20.00, we sit down, order a bottle of wine, food and sit down for a nice evening. The waiter brings our 4 year old a colouring book and crayons, so all is on for a relaxing evening, or so we think.... Our 4 year old is enjoying chilling on the sofa with us, whilst colouring in his book.So, Imagine how we feel when we are asked to leave the bar or move to the restaurant at 20.50, half way through our main courses, before 21.00 as the policy is no children afer this time. Not best pleased with the waiter at telling us this, he suggests that he get the duty manager, so he brings a coleague with the badge 'German''German' then proceeded to make us feel like criminals in the restaurant (after all our 4 year old was sat quietly eating a pasta dish), standing over us, asking us to leave and making us feel positivly unwelcome. His attitude was a disgrace in any environment, but in a 5 star hotel we expected much better service, or at least some consideration for their customers, after all, we had no idea of this policy.He then stunned us with rediculous claims that the law stated that children were not allowed in a bar area after 21.00, which we claimed was not true. This he changed, his claim reverting to hotel 'policy.' When asked to show us this policy he was unable to do so (at least this way we knew we wern't being victimised). All this carry on was in front of a busy bar, and of course of our 4 year old, who now thinks that he is totally unwelcome in the hotel, so feels very very aware of what people may be thinking of him. After all 'German' made him feel totally unwanted. Not what you would expect from an internation brand such as Wyndham.To sum up the hotel, after being here for a little less than 2 hours, I am now booking another hotel and intending to leave immediateley. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone with children, even the best behaved ones. We have been made to feel like criminals and second class citizens just because we wanted to sit in the one and only bar with a very well behaved 4 year old.Even when challenged about his shameful behaviour 'German' offered an email address to complain to when we got home.... although a little pointless considering our sintiment about this hotel already.	
Dec 9 2008 	Loved it	From the moment we walked in and was shown to our suite, we knew we were in for a good 4 days. Room very spacious, 2 loos, 2 flat screen tv's, cd player, complimentary water, shoe clean, papers, turn down service with your slippers placed at the side of your bed, tv radio switched on and bedside lights on. Starbucks coffee served. Didn't get a harbour view, but this did not dampen our stay. Ate only once in restaurant but it was very good. Breakfasts were also good with plenty of choice, we even managed to eat outside on the decking on the last day, overlooking the harbour, as the weather was so nice, not bad for late September. They have a very efficient invisible maid service, never saw them once or any sign of them (no trolleys etc) which was a nice touch. Reception staff very welcoming. A pleasant 10 mins stroll took you to the nearest tube station (Fulham Broadway). Ate at the Blue Elephant Thai Restaurant, near the tube station, which is set-up like a rainforest on the inside, nice meal but not outstanding. A cd library would be a good idea for guests. Wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting London.	
Nov 21 2008 	Definitely one to think about.	I can't stand hotels where you're treated as nothing more than a number, and thankfully that wasn't the case here. I walked in, not dressed for the occasion I must admit. Someone had tripped and spilt coffee down my suit whilst I was actually trying to find this place. Not a problem, said the receptionist, whilst he was checking me in. He said that if I came back shortly with my suit, it would be drycleaned for the next morning, free of charge. The hotel looked impressive from the outside, in a modern and secure complex. It was just as impressive from the inside. Every detail finished to the Nth degree. My suite (There were no &quot;rooms&quot; in the traditional sense, it's a suite-only hotel) was a marina-view, and was as impressive as it sounds. The only thing I could be disappointed in was myself, for the fact that I didn't go down and have a walk around the marina. The restaurant was maybe a little OTT, but as a fan of all things extraneous, I was impressed. I was given the option of sitting on the balcony with my meal, which I decided to take. Quite often, I find that staff in restaurants at hotels are too embroiled in coversations between themselves, and are leaving me waiting at the table for my drink or to take my order. This wasn't the case here; the staff seemed to go out of their way to cater for my needs (I have some strict dietary requirements because of my many food allergies).After my meal, I decided it would be time to get into bed, because I had a busy day ahead the next day. My bed was very comfortable. The only complaint I do have about the room is the poor proximity of power sockets to the bed. I could barely reach my bed with my laptop's power cable. I put my shoes out to be shined (As this service is complimentary). The next morning, I'd overslept and didn't have time to go for breakfast. The staff at the desk, before checking me out, went to the trouble of arranging a car to take me to my destination.Certainly a 5 star hotel, but there are maybe one or two niggling things about it which prevent me from choosing &quot;Excellent.&quot;	
Oct 28 2008 	Best Yet	I have stayed in most of the 5 star hotels in London but this one is very nearly the best of the lot. I booked in there for 4 nights last weekend with my wife and 2 kids aged 11 &amp; 12. The 1 room i booked consisted of 1 large bedroom and a huge lounge with double sofa bed, 2 plasmas,2 toilets etc all of a very high standard. The breakfast in the hotel which was included was excellent. Food top class, view over Chelsea harbour fantastic and the service second to none. Some nice touches in the hotel were free internet access a morning newspaper and unlimited amounts of filtered bottled water. The staff too were very very helpful and courteous. I would recommend this hotel to everyone and cannot fault it in anyway. The only negative is you have to go on a generic website to get a room because there never seems to be availability on the Wyndham website itself.	
Oct 22 2008 	Fantastic-didn't want to leave!	The receptionist was polite and quickly checked us in, and even took us to the 3rd floor to show us our room, and showed us where the mini bar was and coffee cupboard!The room was amazing, we had a balcony with a view over the harbour. A huge sitting room with flat screen tv, cd player, the bed was sooo comfortable with oversized pillows, the bathroom was huge with great power shower plus bath tub.We ate at the restaurant, which was expensive , but worth paying that bit extra, it was delicious . We had breakfast in the room, and there was enough for 2, even though we just paid for one. We had toast, fresh fruit and yogurt,a full English breakfast and tea. To top it, we asked for the complimentary shuttle bus to take us to the train station....a chauffeur driven Mercedes turned up to take us !I ve read a few reviews which said that you are stuck in the middle of no where....where s their adventure! We walked to the end of the road and caught a bus into the Westend, in the evening, and the bus brought us back again, very cheap, and very convenient. And you get to see a lot more than you would on a tube.	
Sep 30 2008 	Lovely suite - but a bit out the way	We stayed at the Wyndham on a romantic weekend break and attended the last night of the proms. It was a great experience - the rooms are very spacious and comfortable. We had a sunny balcony where we had our own breakfast. It felt like we had hired our own flat for the weekend as opposed to a hotel room. The breakfast was not included in the room rate and we didn't fancy paying £20 odd quid for breakfast - so we brought our own. Nice pool and gym facilities and great hand and hair products. If you are wanting to get public transport - it is a bit out the way to get to - fine if you are driving or getting cabs everywhere. Very quiet and a real taste of chelsea!	
Sep 28 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic	What a fantastic stay at the Wyndham Grand!This hotel is absolutely amazing from the first moment we arrived. On arrival the welcome was warm and friendly and the staff were more than helpful.The door to our room took a bit of mastering but the wait was worth it once we got in! Sofas, 2 flatscreen TV's, a dressing room, 2 balconies, 2 bathrooms, a pile of the newest magazines and a CD sound system. There was a suprise behind every door and in every drawer. Then there was the bed - deep bouncy pillows, the softest sheets and so wide you could get lost. Sometimes when you stay in a hotel you can hear other rooms doors banging, people down the corridoors etc but not here - it was so quiet it was like we were the only people staying there.The little extras were a real treat and we will definately be going back! Take a walk around the harbour - so nice and peaceful.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. There were 4 of us - myself, my wife, and my 2 children aged 9 and 6. The rooms was more than adequate and the staff were exceptionally helpful. The staff made up the childrens bed for us. Parking was reasonable especially as we effectively parked for 2 days. The breakfast was £21 per head but the children ate free. I had to ask for more bacon as the portions were small but the additional request was no problem. It was a little on the expensive side but ithe stay was stress free and the room was of a high standard. Getting into central London by taxi was £15-£20 per journey. There is no tube nearby. There is only 1 bar and 1 restaurant but this was not a problem. Does not ahve the hustle and bustle of the central London hotels but a very comfortable stay overall with great facilties.	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice Sized Room Terrible Service	We must say that, for London, the size of the suites were quite large, however don't go for harbour view coz whilst the boats are really nice to look at, BUT don't look down from the balcony .... because the terrace below has old discarded cigarette butts and weeds all over it, the hotel is also stuck right out of the way at the wrong end of Kings Road, the really nice bars and restaurants around Sloane Square and that end of Kings Road are really out of walking distance because Kings Road must be at least 2-3 miles long! The mini bar also charged £5 for a small packet of biscuits, hence we went hungry until we went out for dinner! Our stay was also overshadowed by the appalling service we received, the water was turned off without any warning, the telephone was disconnected due to engineering works again without warning, the valet parking and concierge was a shambles and we had to wait nearly an hour for our luggage, overall, not what you would expect for a five star establishment, its really bad value for money and I can think of much nicer establishments for the same price or less. We WILL NOT be staying there again.	
Jul 29 2008 	What a luxurious treat!	We stayed here on a Friday and Saturday, I booked using my trip rewards points 45,000 per night and then upgraded to a Marina View Suite on arrival for £40 per night.The suite was wonderful, spacious bathroom, bedroom, living room and also a nice size balcony.Lots of attention to detail, his and her basins and toiletries for example. Starbucks coffee in the room with a coffee maker, magazines etc.We had breakfast served in our room on both mornings, and were able to choose from an extensive menu, the food arrived quickly on both mornings and was cooked to perfection.The staff were very helpful and the cocktails in the bar are wonderful, but pricey!We are already planning our next trip as we found it so relaxingThe only draw back is the helicopters and planes that fly over every 10 minutes or so, very annoying when you have the doors to the balcony open. However, it hasn't put me off returning and once the doors are closed you can't hear them.	
Jul 23 2008 	Very good value!	I booked this online through Easyjet and it is by far the best deal on-line for a 5 star hotel in London. Great value for money as it was £285 inclusive of full English breakfast and VAT for a family room. It was not 5 star in the sense of being the Dorchester, but it was great for star spotting during Wimbledon, as John McEnroe and Martina Natrilova were both staying there! We had a few hiccups such as 3 hours to check in (we had to wait in the restaurant as we showed up early and they kept putting more important customers before us to do with Wimbledon) but all that aside, it was great value for money.	
Jul 20 2008 	very clean and friendly.	very clean and friendly service with large room and by london standards reasoably priced.alittle bit far from underground but bus#3 runs regularly to earls court.	
Jul 14 2008 	Nice bit out of the way	Booked through Hotels Direct. Actually booked the Park Lane at Green Park, thankfully after reading reviews on trip advisor, they were fully booked and so the company offered me The Wyndham Grand.Its lovely, a bit out of the way tho. I was travelling with my two children and since the nearest tube station is around 10-15 minute walk and I am not good at navigating my way round tube stations and lines - we took cabs most of the time which was quite expensive but worth the peace of mind that I wasnt going to get lost with a 13 yr old and 7 yr old as my husband usually navigates. A taxi from London City Airport was about £50, and to Marble Arch was about £25, Westminster Pier £20, Oxford St £25. The hotel is all suite, this impressed the kids, it was good that we had two televsions, no fighting about what was on. I shared the bed with my daughter, a very comfy king size, my son stayed in livingroom on the sofa bed, my only complaint about that was that they did not make the bed back into a sofa during the day. The mini bar smelled at bit and had a puddle of water in it and was not restocked, also the glasses which had been used were taken away and not replaced. The bathroom was nice, big enough, shower smelled a bit musty but otherwise was adequately clean. Nice small balcony, separate air con for livingroom and bedroom which was good.The public areas are nice, the pool is good, we went a couple of times, it was quiet. Breakfast was good, but if its included in your package, check your bill - they tried to charge me for one day. Room service was also good. Concierge very helpfull and friendly staff throughout hotel.Even tho its a wee bit out of the way, I would have no hesitation to stay here again.	
Jul 5 2008 	Wyndam Grand - a little chic a little shabby	I cannot deny that this hotel is somewhat fabulous. It is lovely and grand, and maybe a little swanky you could say.I was extremely disappointed to enter a room that we had booked for 3 people to find not three but two beds. The solution for the front desk staff was to give us a cot... a cot. I cannot believe that with the price tag of the hotel their solution was a cot, I was somewhat disgusted. Very disappointing. Based on this I would not stay there, nor would I recommend others to stay there. I found the front desk staff weary, and blase. When we were checking in there was another lady trying to fight room charges that had been placed on her tab, without her using such services - not a good first impression.On a positive note. The rooms really were lovely and spacious. The bathroom was a huge and fabulous, with an eye for detail and luxury. I LOVED the products they used in the washroom, sheer heaven. The beds were super comfy and clean - didn't feel hotel like at all. Really crisp linens and lofty duvets. The 'rooms' were also clean, and probably more than I could ask for in terms of luxury.The concierge staff and the cleaning staff were fantastic and accomodating! They were a pleasure to deal with. They brought up the cot almost immediately and set it up efficiently.My one other complaint was that in the morning I went down to get a coffee from the 'bar'. The staff member there was less than communicative. Did a million other tasks while making my making my coffee. Gave me the wrong drink. Then set about making it right, but still walked away and chatted with others while making it. So, I sat down to wait for my drink. Then, the waitress brought me my tall/small coffee and it was 5 pounds. 5 pounds because I had decided to sit down while waiting (being pregnant and all) forever... and they charged me the stay in rate. Some of the worst service I have ever encountered.So, although I ultimately enjoyed my stay because I wasn't the one stuck in a cot, I was generally disappointed with the fact that they put one of us in that situation. The disappointing staff did not make up for the loveliness of the rooms.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great room but staff need to learn English	We got a bargain on booking a room here through laterooms.com. We were celebrating and wanted to spend the night in a plush hotel. The room was great, it was like two interconnecting rooms. One had a large sitting area with a sofa bed, kitchen area, large balcony and a flat screen TV and it's own toilet. The other had a double bed, great big bathroom and a flat screen tv. The view from the balcony was amazing. I would give the room 5/5 as it was huge! There was even a full ice bucket in the brilliant kitchen area.On the downside, breakfast was not included in the rate. We didn't bother paying for it seperately but went to a cafe instead. We did have a room service dinner in the hotel which was really nice. The food was delicious. The lady who brought the food to us wasn't suitably dressed for a plush hotel though. She was wearing a very short mini skirt and really high stillettos and it made us wonder what her other job might be. Like most of the staff there she was from Eastern Europe. This wouldn't be a problem but the staff we encountered couldn't speak English very well at all. This includes the staff on the front desk.The other negative point was that we were woken at 8 a.m. by housekeeping wanting to clean our room. She banged loudly on our door 3 times, waking our baby and ruining our lie in. When we called the front desk to complain they said that she was just checking to see if the room was empty. Apparently they dont have a computer system that can tell which rooms are occupied. We found this unprofessional and for that reason we can only rate this hotel 4/5.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great location a bit dated	I stayed 2 nights in june. Its a great hotel, a bit too far from most tourist attractions, but very quiet and stunning views from the balcony. However, the bathroom ceiling was falling down, and the room could have been a lot cleaner. The carpet had a musty smell, and it was a super expensive place to stay.	
Jun 7 2008 	Plush rooms	This hotel was AMAZING and we loved it! We have previuosly stayed in a few central London hotels and paid the same sort of price for nothing like the same luxury. I stayed for just one night with my daughter, who was attending an audition less than ten minutes walk away. There were TWO wide screen tvs, one in the sitting room and one in the bedroom. There was also a bathroom AND a cloakroom. We did not have a harbour view but we were near to two huge glass domes, plus the courtyard, so the view was not bad at all. We did not eat at the hotel apart from the room bar but we did go to the indoor pool. This was beautiful and clean and there was only one other person swimming. My daughter would like to go back and have a proper weekend here, which we will probably do some time. This hotel IS near the Chelsea ground and I do not think the nearest tube is far away. But, If you can afford to stay here for a holiday why not travel in a cab? We got a cab back to Victoria and I think it was only about £12.	
May 5 2008	wyndham hotel	This hotel is excellent, spotlessly clean, wonderfully comfortable bed. lovely views from the balcony, which we paid extra for. We upgraded the breakfast, to a full english, which was delivered to our room. it was rather pricey, but well cooked and plentiful. This stay at the hotel was a surprise for my 28 year old wifes birthday, and she fell in love with it and did not want to leave. There were only two down sides to it, and neither would stop me going again.Many of the staff did not speak english, so it was sometimes difficult to make yourself understood, and secondly it was a very long walk from the nearest station. After having walked from the station to the hotel, then we went out in the evening, we walked back to the station, on our return at night we caught a cab, and when we left next day we got a cab, this could prove costly, if you stayed longer than a weekend, so ladies, comfortable shoes, the walk really is a long way, so would suggest maybe the hotel should think of running a courtesy bus from the station at certain times. Otherwise this is a lovely place to stay.	
Apr 22 2008 	Nice room but poor (and overly expensive) breakfast	The room/suite was excellent, and we enjoyed the leisure faciliities. The front desk and concierge were very helpful. The quality of the cooked breakfast, though, was disappointing (especially for a hotel of this star rating); in addition, the restaurant staff were unclear over what was included in the room rate paid, which caused more confusion than should have been necessary. Overall, a very comfortable hotel, but the experience was undermined by the breakfast, both in terms of quality and service.	
Apr 7 2008 	Allright	I spent four days at the Wyndham and I had a pleasant stay. The hotel is a bit of a walk from anything, but King's Road is a few minutes away and has lots of nice cafe's and a little further up in Fulham you got plenty of nightclubs etc which are a cheap cabride away. But, there is no shops right around the hotel for quick fix stuff like bottle of water, papers etc.The rooms are nice and large as are the balconies. The bathroom, by british standards, is very spacious and has the usual toiletries. The room's (suite) are nicely laid out with a wall separating the bedoom area, which also has it's own tv.There's a direct elevator that you can take to the spa using your room key, but I sadly didn't have time to take advantage of the swimming pool.The room service menu is varied and the burgers and breakfast were really excellent and the service was very fast. The only annoying thing was that after every time you used room service, you'd get a call from reception asking if everything was fine. I can appreciate this, but after a few times, it get's a bit old.	
Mar 16 2008 	Wyndham Grand - Chelsea Harbour	Loved it and would go back again. However, It just seems very expensive for the location as it is definitely in the midst of nowhere unless you need to visit the design centre at Chelsea Harbour. Although it is now the Wyndham the taxis only seem to know it still as the Conrad. !!!	
Feb 16 2008 	Excellent Accommodation 	I'll mention the only drawbacks first, to get them out of the way, because that is how I felt when I stayed here. So much is excellent that it is easy to overlook the odd negative and just enjoy everything else.Location - yes, it is a little out of the way for central London access. It is also not particularly close to the nearest underground station (Fulham Broadway, 10 minutes walk). You just need to decide if that extra time &amp; expense to reach your hotel is worth paying to benefit from all the positives this place has to offer. However, on the positive side, the neighbourhood is one you feel you can walk through safely at night.Cost - my company paid for this trip, so I cannot comment on value for money, as I don't know what rate they paid. However, we did sign for our own breakfasts, and it was over £20 for a continental breakfast. Curiously, the full English breakfast (including the full continental buffet too) was only a couple of £'s more, so was better value.You have probably read in the other reviews about this all-suite hotel and the high quality of its rooms. I note one reviewer was quite negative about the non-harbour-facing rooms, but I had no issue at all with mine. Yes, there were train tracks to look at (and a whole lot of other buildings - this is London!) but there was no problem with noise at all (trains or road or planes).One little tip - join the Wyndham ByRequest programme before you stay. Although the site states that you will only receive the &quot;little extras&quot; after 3 nights, I found my free welcome drinks waiting for me on day 1 of my 2 night stay.One very big pleasant surprise was the quality of the cuisine. I stay at several good quality hotels on business, where we have conferences or meetings on site and invariably have lunch at the hotel. I am pleased to say this hotel surpassed ALL others I have stayed at in terms of the quality of its lunch. It was quite simply superb.Service was excellent throughout my stay, with a great attitude shown by all the staff I encountered. Nothing appeared to be too much trouble, so don't be afraid to ask if you need to.I'll be back!	
Dec 11 2007 	One of the best hotels I have seen in a while!	I recently had the pleasure of visting The Wyndham for business and was throughly impressed. The hotels houses all suites and 6 stunning penthouses. All rooms are modern and to a very high standard.I ate in the restaurant for lunch and had the buffet which was high quality and for a buffet was hot and very tasty! The staff were all very attentive and polite.There is a lovely area off the restaurant/bar for sitting outside which I am sure would be excellent in the summer for drinks over looking the harbour.Overall I would definaltey go back here for a weekends stay.	
Nov 28 2007 	Excellent property in a (somewhat) inconvenient location	This is a great hotel, with nice suites and lavish decorations. The location, on Chelsea Harbor, is pretty, but a long way from London's sites. The rooms are easily twice the size of anything else I've seen in London and are an excellent value as well. You will not be disappointed by this top-shelf property.	
Sep 24 2007 	Very Nice	I stayed in this hotel for a week on a work conference. The rooms were great as it's an all suite hotel. The quality of the food was also very high.I would recommend this hotel for business travellers.	
Jul 16 2007 	Not a change for the better	I have stayed at this hotel 4 to 5 times a year for the past 18 years or so. Recently it changed from a Conrad to a Wyndham property.If you are looking for a good central London location this hotel does not meet that criteria. Its located in the Chelsea Harbor area and a cab ride to Knightsbridge is UKP 10 and Piccadilly Circus UKP 14, more if there is heavy traffic as there usually is. At one time the rack rates, given the standard of the hotel, made sense with its suite accommodations and services but the rates have recently increased dramatically so that it is possible to find a 5 star hotel with a more central location, if one also takes the cab fares into consideration, at a lower rate.I can only recommend the Marina view rooms with balconies which have odd numbered rooms and definitely not the non Marina view rooms that back onto rail tracks. The hotel is also located under the Heathrow flight path where an aircraft passes overhead every 90 seconds from 5am to 11pm if the winds are blowing from the west as they normally are.Services within the hotel are expensive, room service $10 for a pot of tea, $20 for a laundered shirt. Very few places to dine in the area, a pub and a couple of expensive restaurants, otherwise its a cab ride. The Concierge team are excellent and go out of their way to help, good contacts for show ticketsHousekeeping has recently improved, some renovations are needed however, phone system, new TVs.All that said I like the hotel, the views of the Marina and the River Thames are calming in busy London, the air conditioning is excellent so for business trips it worked for me for many years but it seems they are pricing themselves out of the market.	
Jun 26 2007 	conrad-wyndham great hotel whatever the name	I stayed at this hotel with my 5 year old son in June 2007. The Conrad had just changed hands at the time of my stay and has become a Wyndham resort. I don't know what changes this will bring, but there were people walking about with clipboards looking at some of the more worn features, like the pool tiles. So hopefully there will be positive changes. Even without any changes though, the hotel is great. It is built around Chelsea Harbour and in design and feel it reminds me strongly of staying in a hotel on Sydney Harbour in Australia. It is modern, light and airy and each suite has big windows and a balcony with two chairs and a small table. The suites are two defined rooms, both with windows, which is very good for a family. The TV's (one in bedroom, one in sitting room) are large and there are some sky tv channels. The beds were very comfortable with crisp white cotton sheets and feather duvets and pillows. We had two good size single beds.The bathroom was huge and had a great power shower, a seperate bath and a toilet with another door. Toiletries okay, smelled fresh and citrussy.We had room service dinner; very good, as was breakfast in the restaurant. All the staff were extremely nice and professional at all times.This hotel is not particularly central or well served by public transport. It does not have that classic &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; rooftop view of London. There is a good jazz club locally, a few restaurants within the development, a few gastro pubs nearby and the Lots road auction house. The Chelsea Harbour development is a destination for interior designers and is amazing if you are interested in design, fabrics etc. A slightly longer walk would take you to more good eating/shopping places and would be pleasant in the summer. I have stayed more centally in London and have left feeling a bit grubby and exhausted by the constant noise, small rooms, indifferent staff etc. Cental London can also be very impersonal. It is nice to feel that you are in a real neighbourhood where people actually live and go out in the evening for a drink etc. This hotel is really a refuge from the city in some ways, while being only a 5 minute (£10) taxi ride from many places you would like to be, ie knightsbridge, kings road...I really enjoyed my one night stay at this hotel and left feeling rested and like I had had a holiday. My son adored everything about it, especially the pool. The best things were the staff and the quiet, peaceful rooms with that great outlook onto the harbour. Also the rate that we had through lastminute.com was very reasonable for london. I heard some other guests had used priceline.	
Apr 10 2007 	Conrad - worth staying here	We recently returned from our visit to London. The Conrad Hilton was a highlight and so classy. We loved the 2 room suite hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful from front desk to conceirge to waitstaff. Everyone was very efficient. The rooms were clean and spacious. Toiletries were nice and the shower was the best we had all week. Beds were most comfortable. Other posts mentioned the Heathrow flight path, but we didn't seem to find this a problem inside the hotel. The only drawback is the distance from London central - but the local bus #11 for 2 pounds each made it easy to get into London and get off as desired. Food items were a bit pricey - but then so is most of London. This is a first class operation and I would definately stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007 	A Proper 5*	I booked at the last minute using Hilton Honours points - we asked for a high floor room on the marina, but they were full. Instead we were given a really great suite - 703. The view from the balcony was straight down the river to the London skyline. Check in was prompt and very courteous. The concierge parked my car without being asked - our luggage was brought up to the suite within 5 minutes.The suite was excellent. Gracious in style, large and well appointed. Nice touch to have a second bathroom. Things about the room I liked: two balcony's from both bedroom and living room; well designed, newly decorated; nice artwork on the walls, coffee station; great bathroom with full range of cosmetics and ameneties &amp; a very powerful seperate shower; vase of flowers; great bed - very comfortable; very efficient and quiet aircon; TEAK CD system; big fluffy robes; amazing views across London. Not so great things about the room: sofa was stained - should be replaced in a 5* hotel, or at least steam cleaned; TV's old and tired - one remote not working - get new ones guys.Spa area is not the greatest - needs an upgrade. Pool OK, but nothing special - sauna and changing areas average. This is not a destination spa, but does have dedicated lift from geust floors. We ate in the Aquasia restaurant - very good meal and very reasonably priced - £125 for two including wine and cocktails, but the ambience of the dining room is very corporate Hilton and not Conrad or Four Seasons standards by any means, but the view across the Marina is good and the service was excellent.Housekeeping is exemplary - extremely clean room and the turndown service is wonderful - ice bucket topped up, towels all replaces, bed remade and charming service.Overall this does deserve its five star rating, but a four seasons it is not. However, depsite being on the outskirts of central London, it is a delight to come back here after the busy city.An excellent hotel, with negligable issues that deserves to be five star, but the Conrad chain from my experience, has a long way to go to match four seasons levels of quality and service.	
Apr 7 2007 	Loved this place	Stayed here with children over Easter and it was truely wonderful. last year at Easter i had to check out of the Dublin Hilton early this year in London you just wanted it to go on and on.Location 5 mins walk from Kings Rd Chelsea, easy bus ride to Victoria or Harrods,15 mins walk or £5 in a taxi to Fulham Broadway tube station,2 mins walk to water taxi to Westminister,yet far from the crowds of London easy to relax in lovely pool area with sauna and steam rooms, take a walk around the harbour, enjoy a drink in the bar or for a less expensive drink a local pub 200yrds away.the rooms are huge, we had Harbour view, private balcony,living room with pull out sofa bed, work desk, seperate toilet, a bedroom with dressing area, full bathroom, loads of luxury items, nightly turn down service with bottles of water left and a range of cleaning products for your shoes etc.buffet breakfast which as gold h/honours was included for free was wonderful, fruits, cereal, salmon, fresh baked breads etc etc etc.free internet in the business centre.staff very helpfuloverall a luxury hotel. only complaint drinks a bit pricey but you dont have to buy them and everything else more than made up for that well done Hilton	
Feb 15 2007 	Great Rooms but watch out for the odd numbers!	I booked this hotel through Asia rooms.com and got a fantastic rate for 2 rooms. My colleague and I stayed 2 nights on business.Rooms: All suite hotel, spotlessly clean, great seating area and even has a cloakroom as well as the toilet in the bathroom, very comfy beds, great bathroom with a bath and separate power shower, again very clean. Staff: Reception helpful and polite, concierge also friendly. However we were both very surprised to find the restaurant allows smoking anywhere which spoilt my breakfast and when I complained about it and asked to be moved away from the smokers I was met with indifference, like it was my fault for not smoking! Shame, as the restaurant has a lovely view overlooking the harbour.Location: Away from central London, so quite different from say staying in Mayfair or Knightsbridge, but Kings Road is a stones throw away.I have one big moan and that is if you get stuck with a room with odd numbers, i.e. we were in 419 and 421 you won't get much sleep! I had the worse 2 nights sleep I have ever had in a hotel. There is a railway line very close to one side of the hotel and it kept me awake at night and woke me up at 4am in the morning. Also the hotel is under the Heathrow flight path as well! I mentioned to reception on checkout about the trains - yes I should have done it earlier - and they told me that the hotel was half empty and they could have moved us. I was quite annoyed by this as if that was the case, why did they put us in those rooms in the first place? The other side would be much quieter.I would stay there again, however would ask for a room away from the train side.	
Jan 6 2007 	Great rooms not so great location	Got this hotel on priceline for £125 per room per night including taxes etc (bid £105 per night, but the above was the cost including taxes).Positives: Lovely rooms - this is an all suite hotel, so all rooms have a lounge, hall and bedroom. Great service - staff here all seemed very friendly. Concierge - great for booking theatre tickets at the last minute and saved us a lot of time. Great bathrooms with powerful showers. Nice restaurant overlooking the harbour. Room service breakfast was very good. Nearby King's Road has some great shops and restaurants.Negatives: Booking through priceline won't get you the best room available - we booked two interconnecting rooms, and both were either side of the lifts, so a bit noisy. Prices for food etc extremely high - eg, breakfast for 2 adults and 2 children in room - £99, bottle of coke from mini bar £3.50, dinner for 2 adults and 2 children, including a relatively cheap bottle of wine - £250. A bit out of the centre of London, and nearest tube is 20 minutes walk - so taxi costs can quickly add up. Only one restaurant - no cafes even - would have expected more dining options in a five star hotel. Noise was an issue - the hotel seems to be below a flight path, and we were woken by planes during the night.Would we stay there again? Probably in the Summer (the location would be very pretty in the summer), if we wanted to visit that area of London, and could get another great deal, but we would think twice about staying there again primarily to visit central London attractions.	
Dec 7 2006 	Great for Star Spotting !!	The Conrad is still a very classy hotel, despite the fact that the rooms (whilst still very nice and in my opinion still 5 star) are a little more traditional than some of the swanky newer hotels. i.e The rooms do not have flat screen TV's or DVD players. The bathrooms also look a little tired compared to some of the more recent hotels. That said it is a great hotel and is one of the places where you are guaranteed to see famous faces !	
Nov 20 2006 	Absolutely fantastic-will definitely return	Loved this hotel. I have stayed at a number of 5 star hotels and service was by far the best I've ever encountered here. Staff couldn't do enough for us and made us feel very welcome. Staff at 5 star hotels are often strangely very snooty but there wasn't a sniff of this at the Conrad. Room was quite simply 'wow'. Huge with various areas and rooms and a large balcony with breathtaking views of London. We could see the London Eye, Battersea Power Station etc. from our balcony plus our room overlooked Chelsea Harbour, which looks lovely at night when it's all lit up. Masses of space, big bathroom, pleasant decor and spotlessly clean. Loved the little touches in the bathroom like having nail scissors, nail clippers which you don't usually get. Chelsea is a lovely base. It's not in central London but it's worth coming slightly out of the centre for the peace &amp; quiet and pleasant surroundings at Chelsea Harbour plus shopping and eating out is great around the Kings Road. There is also a regular water taxi right by the hotel which will drop you into central London within 10 minutes.Food is excellent although maybe a little overpriced but couldn't fault the quality of the food or service.We will definitely be returning and can't wait for our next visit.	
Nov 6 2006	Not 5 star...	I stayed at the Conrad in a marine view suite on the first weekend of November 06. I arrived by car and used the valet parking at the hotel. This was handled superbly and efficiently. I then went to reception and booked in. The room wasn't ready so we had a drink in the Aquaisa bar and about twenty mins later a member of staff arrived with the room key to say our room was ready. The bar is modern and light with views over the marina. It's a nice place to sit and have a drink but nothing special, and I didn't feel I wanted to spend much time here.The suite looked nice and modern as we entered and the balcony was directly over the marina as described. It is furnished in a modern but slightly bland way, so as not to offend any tastes. At first sight it is pleasant, but after an hour or two it all becomes rather boring. There is nothing distinctive about the rooms and even the view is not as good as we expected, blocked by buildings. After a while it starts to become clear why you can get one of the suites quite cheaply for London. they are furnished cheaply and even the TV's are bargain basement with terrible picture quality. AKAI? they need to sort this out asap.I had a look at the health club and the gym was adequate and so was the swimming pool. The entrance up to this area needs to be sorted out though. It's tired and tatty, with black masking tape covering splits and cracks on the stairs. Not good enough for 5 star.The staff are excellent in the hotel and everyone I encountered was extremely professional and nothing was too much trouble.Overall, the hotel is good and you won't find anything major to complain about. But is that all you get for a 5 star? I would say it falls short.As other reviewers have commented on...the location is not good to explore London. We spent a fortune on taxis to restaurants and attractions. You can get a tube but it's not always convenient to do this and it's a fifteen minute walk for most people.A decent hotel but I wouldn't stay again.	
Oct 27 2006 	5 star hotel 3 star service	I loved the hotel, the room was fabulous but I was a bit disappointed by the lacklustre service from the waiters at breakfast and I waited on the phone for 6 minutes(timed) waiting for housekeeping to pick up the phone, although they did redeem themselves by responding promptly to my request. Breakfast buffet turned out to be very 3 star, I expected so much more not only in quality but also in variety. Overall The Conrad did not meet my expectations of a 5 star.	
Jul 19 2006 	Thoroughly Enjoyed Our Stay	This hotel deserves it 5 star rating. We were able to check-in right away (we're silver members). Found that the views were fantastic. The staff was great. The concierge was very helpful in directing us to the nearest underground, Fulham Broadway. Though, I found that taking the bus to the hotel was much better. You can map out directions using the London journey planner:http://journeyplanner.tfl.gov.uk/user/XSLT_TRIP_REQUEST2?language=enThe hotel was quiet. The room was clean and big. Two bathrooms, a guest bathroom and the master bathroom. A living room with a sliding door to the balcony. There was a separate small room for the closet and an area to iron your clothes. Evening turn down service. The hotel provided complimentary slippers and complimentary shoe shine service in a beautiful wooden box for presentation. At breakfast, the service was impeccable. We were asked if they was anything we needed. Our stay did not include breakfast. As you might expect at any hotel, the breakfast was a bit pricey. The hotel is situated away from the noise and the traffic of London, ideal for peace and quiet.	
Jul 10 2006	loved the conrad	my husband i just returned from a 6 night stay at the conrad london. we loved the neighborhood (chelsea)--lots of shops and restaurants. some of the best restaurants in the city are located there. The rooms were very large and are all suites. All rooms also have nice sized balconies. We never tried the restaurant, but the lounge was nice to relax in. Internet was free 24 hours a day in the business center. Though i saw another post said it was like $40 a day(?). The only slight negatives were it was a little bit from the city center, and there is no hilton honors lounge to relax in (my husband is a diamond member--so we like this perk when available). We were spending our anniversary at the hotel so asked the conceirge for some recommendations. Initally they gave us a recommendation that received very negative reviews from the london dining guide (which they had us borrow), next they suggested benihana, but came through with a reservation at an amazing restaurant in the neighborhood (aubergine). I would stay here again next time in london, however, would also consider staying a bit closer to downtown.	
May 17 2006	Very good hotel	We picked the Conrad after personal recommendations as well as reviews here on TripAdvisor. Upon arrival we were informed that we were being upgraded to a corner suite on the harbour side of the hotel, which was superb with the private lounge separate from the bathroom &amp; bedroom. We had an excellent view toward London as well as scenic view to the river. Wanting a romantic break, the hotel is great and very accomodating for gues requests. We had a very nice tapas style meal in the downstairs bar, where a loverly jazz pianist was playing and it was GREAT. The pillows on the beds are amazingly comffortable, the room very quiet, and I would definitely stay there again when back to the UK from Australia. The only negative, which we passed onto the staff at checkout was that the hallway doors need some felt padding to make them closing a bit more quiet. PERFECT location for that romantic getaway!!	
May 4 2006 	perfect and quiet	Decided on the Conrad Hilton i nChelsea, since I had to do business in Chelsea. According to reviews it is way out, which i did not find at all. It is only a short stroll to king´s road with shops and restaurants and a 10 minute bus ride to the center. The hotel is extremely nice with its 2 rooms/suite line-up. I had a corner suite with windows into the harbour and onto the side and I felt like being on an island vacation. Room service is great, people are nice and it does not hurt, that it is a chosen place to stay for celebrities, you bump into all the time. I would definitely stay there again and make it my hotel in London	
Apr 19 2006	Good but not 5 star out of the way neighborhood	I am diamond hilton honors member and was staying here recently on points. The rooms are nicely setup and in good condition. The public areas are a mishmash of various styles and sorely need modernization.The gym is pretty good but inconveniently located.Internet pricing is outrageously expensive (almost $40 per day)Staff are pretty uniformly pleasant but concierge was a disaster, did not return calls, could not order tickets etc.Overall pretty nice hotel, not really 5 stars and definitely somewhat out of the way in a very quite area.	
Apr 2 2006 	pretty good	One of the better hotels I have ever stayed in (I was there for 7 days). The staff was fine, they actually take the time to take care of you. The rooms are really nice and there is a lot of space. Bathrooms are very clean and very nice, although the price is waaaay too much, services are also a bit expensive (they did my laundry but it cost an arm and a leg). But you get what you pay for, you're in chelsea (nice area) and not too far from central london. The nearest tube stop is Fulham Broadway and it's about a 10-15 minute walk. The night life is ok, there are a few places to go, but it doesn't compare to central london. If you got the money to spend then stay here (if you don't mind the walk to the tube, but you can always take the bus there). I'd go back if I had the money.	
Mar 28 2006	FANTASTIC!!!	As a frequent business traveler in the U.S., I frequent Hilton chain properties. I used a hotel reward for this stay and it was fabulous. The staff are the best, from the front desk, wait staff, doorman, they were all very welcoming and most accomodating. This was our family's first visit to the UK and we had enjoyed it immensely. Our room was overlooking Chelsea Harbour and the Thames with distance city lights view. The two room suite with pullout sofa was ideal for my high school daughter with her own TV, stereo and bath. We spent six very restful nights, the king bed was very comfortable and the master bath was super. My daughter didn't give the sofa bed high marks due since it was uncomfortable because it was uneven in the middle but she managed to sleep at one end and it worked out fine. Before heading to the Conrad London, I read most of the TA reviews which were very helpful regarding getting to the Tube and local restaurants. After having such a nice stay, I'm puzzled as to why other reviewers weren't as satisfied. Sure, prices are high for everything in London compared to the States and the Conrad is no different. But after having a few weeks to let the experience of London sink in, I can't wait to go back. It was worth every penny, or should I say pound. We bought a travel card upon our arrival and used the bus and tube to go everywhere. The trusty C3 bus line to Earl's Court tube station worked out very well although a little slow during rush hour traffic. I strongly recommend the crisps in the lounge (they're addicting) of course with an evening cocktail or draft. The bar menu was very handy as well with a nice assortment of appetizers, fish &amp; chips and burgers. Lots Road Pub up the street also was fun to get a taste of the local scene. I wouldn't have second thoughts about a return visit to the Conrad London...Definitely 5 Star treatment.drc	
Mar 28 2006	Who needs Buckingham Palace?	We had just completed a tour of Ireland and planned a four day whirlwind tour of London before heading home. I'm embarrassed to say it, but we got a great deal on the Conrad via Priceline AND I was a bit concerned about how we'd be welcomed when checking in at that rate.....how wrong to worry!From the moment we arrived, until the moment we departed, we were treated as thought we were the most important people at the hotel. Check in was easy, the staff were gracious, and the bellmen had our bags to us within moments. Our room as beautiful, overlooking the harbor - and those pillows!! Wow. The best. I wish I could find them at home! While some reviewers complain about being &quot;far away&quot; from the action, we felt SO comfortable upon returning home to the tranquility of the place each night that we'd stay here in a New York minute next time we come to London. You can have the crazy traffic and people rushing about for only so long, then this retreat serves to rejuvenate you for another day with the crowds. WONDERFUL!	
Feb 1 2006	Chelsea Conrad - check the bill	Firstly the hotel is very nice. I just think that 5 stars is pushing it - 4* deluxe maybe.The hotel is a good way out and should really be called Conrad Chelsea.The Rooms are suites. As a Hilton Hhonors Gold member, they upgraded both of my rooms to face the marina and gave me 2 breakfasts which was nice. I liked the nice touch of frout cake in my room which I think was another Gold perk as the other room didn't get them. Robes but no slippers.On leaving, the consierge gave me bad advice on how to get to kings cross - I explained that I was usless and would a taxi be the best option - he sounded shocked and gave me a lond list of tubes and busses - It wasn't as if i look like im short of cash and I was staying at a 5* hotel but he said it would be best - I went in the taxi anyway on the taxi drivers advice (i know that he would say that) and it was only £20 and no big trouble.Anyway - its true - the hotel do charge for everything and charge a lot for everything. On checking out I checked the bill - there was a lunch that had been charged but I assumed it was on of my sisters that were staying in the other room however when I mentioned it to them, they had not had any food and the hotel had got it wrong. The hotel did eventually credit it back however they did have a suspisious tone to their voice when doing it... as if I was trying to rob them of a £50 lunch which was probably only a prawn sandwich and a bag of chrisps!Overall, if you need to be in Chelsea or away from it all then this is the place to be.	
Jan 18 2006 	Conrad London a fine hotel	I had the pleasure of staying at the Conrad for four nights in January 2006. I chose the hotel for its large suites and location in Chelsea. I was quite surprised at the value for money when booking one of their special rates. I paid £145 a night which is a decent price for a 5-star hotel in London, but when you consider that you're getting a 2-room suite with massive bathroom the deal seems even sweeter. Some have mentioned the fact that the hotel is a bit out of the way -- while that is somewhat true, Fulham Broadway tube is just a 15 minute walk and there is a bus which serves the hotel as well. All in all, it's well worth checking out the Conrad if you get the opportunity.	
Jan 3 2006	Continued Greatness	I have stayed at the Conrad over well over 20 times now in the past few years when visiting London, I have also left a few reviews on here and feel obliged to do so again after my last visit, this hotel hasn't let me down once in all of those times, i am slightly biased as the service i recieve has a established HH member is always that little bit better, however service aside the rooms are always fantastic, quiet, clean, spacious, comfortable and with great views, you'll be looking hard to find a bad room in this hotel, the penthouses are very large and very extravagent, however the standard rooms are so good that i couldn't give a good argument as to why one or two people staying would need to upgrade, unless you are Bono.Yes it is out of the way, and yes the food/bar is pricey, but remember, it's too far to walk and too expensive for rif raf and tourists to go for a snoop around, privacy and comfort is what you pay for and get in abundance at this hotel.With respect to other reviews, mentioning no tube station and poor bathroom condition, a new station is proposed within a minutes walk of the hotel and is awaiting approval, and Fullham Broadway is a 10 min walk or £3 taxi ride. And if you want to see what a grubby shower really looks like check out the Sheraton on Park Lane.	
Dec 13 2005	a little secluded but worth the distance	My 2 teenagers and I stayed at one of the suites of the Conrad. I have to say it was one of the most comfortable and luxurious accomodations I have ever been in. My son stayed in the front room and enjoyed the television and 1/2 bath all to himself whereas my daughter and I stayed in the bedroom with twin beds. Our room faced the Marina and it was so relaxing to look out and see the view everytime I stepped into the room. On the Second floor of the hotel in the business center, I was able to use the internet, free of charge, hence checked my e-mails and connected with my husband daily. My kids were so impressed with the room that we had room service several times during our 7 days stay.If money is not an issue, this is definitely the hotel to stay in.	
Oct 3 2005	A great hotel but very secluded	We've stayed at the Conrad over several Christmases and had a wonderful time every time. It's a wonderful hotel for families, since rooms are all suites, and quite comfortable. Harbour views are spectacular. Staff has always been accomodating, especially those working on the holidays. We spent an Xmas day there and my son, then 10, was given a special gift of a teddy bear from Harrods. We were given champagne, chocolates and a lovely silver pen. there was also a special cocktail reception in the bar with free canapes and champagne. Health club is certainly European: but no one should ever expect the Sports Club in Europe. A pool is a rarity and this one was lovely. It's biggest drawback is the location: we took cabs everywhere, which easily added 50-70 pounds on each days stay: it's not an easy place to go back to for a quick rest or change. If it were more centrally located, I'd never stay anywhere else. We've switched to Claridges in recent years because it's more centrally located.	
Sep 26 2005	Hotel Nice but breakfast highway robbery	After a long trans-alantic flight we found the hotle with no problem. We arrived around 10:00 am, the front desk staff had trouble find our reservations, good thing I had my confirmation number with me. Since it was early our room was not ready, Birttiany (who was wounderful) indicated that she had a second floor room, but it due to the workmen it was very noisy or we could have a 7th floor room overlooking the shops. We choose the 7th floor room, Bittiany called housekeeping and put a rush on getting our room ready. First problem - we sat down to wait in the lobby after a few minutes I went back up the the front desk to ask if there was any place to get a cup of coffee and a light brakfast. The gentleman indicated that since we were waiting on our room we could enjoy brunch in the dinning room. I had a cup of coffee and glass of jusice and a piece of toast, my husband had a glass of juice, a scoop of runny eggs, a piece of bacon. We recieved a bill in the mail when we got home for $60 for a horrible breakfast. After waiting ~ a hour for our room my husband went back to the front desk to check on our room, the young girl indicated that we did not have a reservation and that our room was not being prepared. Once again I had to go back with my confirmation number and even give her the room number that we had been assigned before she could locate our reservations. Once Brittiany was back at the fron desk everything went fine, she even took us to our room to make sure everything was fine and even brought ice back to our room. The Bellhop to get our luggage was very slow. Room itself was very nice, bathroom was good, very clean, bed was big (great pillows!) and the sitting room was wounderful.Second problem - Since a rush was put on cleaning the room the mini bar was not restocked from the previous guest - you guessed it I recieved another bill in the mail for $40 in mini bar expenses that I never used. We call and complained regarding the breakfast and mini bar expenses. The hotel did credit us for the mini bar but have not done so for the breakfast. Proximity to anything is its worst feature, nearest tube... there isn't. The C3 bus stops outside but takes forever to get anywhere. Kings road is quite a walk, bits worth seeing are a long walk. We bought a three day travel pass which saved us alot of money. It was still difficult to get around and we found the bus drivers to be rude and unhelpful.The concierge was of no help when we asked about sightseeing in London or where to eat.Lots Road Pub right down the street did have wounderful food, but here is another hidden gem. 666 jazz cafe, it is located at 666 Lots road (just down from Lot Road Pub). This Jazz cafe is located in the basement and provides live music and wounderful food at fairly reasonable prices.	
Sep 1 2005	Nice hotel shame about the staff	A previous reviewer was correct about the photos. Unless you have a harbour view room the views are basically awful.I overlooked onto a terrace that was in the middle of being retiled. It amused me to see that they have a table and chairs out there but who wants to see workmen bending over and yelling at eachother? Even if the place was re-tiled the view was an office block.The reception staff are the most incompetent, unfriendly people I have ever met in my life. It is disgusting that such people even work in the hospitality industry. We did not even get a smile from the receptionist even when we said hello. Waited 1 hour for a room even though it was past check in time with no apology. The concierge lost my bags and I can't even believe I went into the bar at over £5 for bottled beer and don't even get me started on the prices for a salad.I actually hope that the hotel reads trip advisor so that they can see just how wrong they were in employing their reception staff. I was very close to asking one of them just why she was working in this industry when she could not even provide a smile to guests paying over £200 a night. Bedrooms are great though. Housekeeping are very good and the rooms are spotless. We had a large suite with two bathrooms and good sixed lounge. The pillows are amazing and the bed is the most comfortable one I have ever found in a hotel. Be aware that there are no tube stations nearby and you will pay £28 for Kings Cross.I would stay here again as the rooms are very nice BUT I won't hold back my thoughts on the reception staff if they have not changed their attitudes! Management should be aware of this.	
Aug 27 2005	Dont bother	Directions to the hotel were fine, found it no problem, rolled up at the entrance and was ignored by a rather scruffy doorman who finally finished his conversation and took my car away. Hotel is in a nice position over looking the marina and the bar and restaurant are very nice on a sunny day. However... the view they don't show you on the web site is the one we had from our room of waste lands, building sites and worst of all a very close and noisy railway line! If you stop here make sure you get a harbour view because the rest stinks.Room itself was very nice, bathroom was good, very clean, bed was big (great pillows!) Well styled but not exactly... no expense spared. Proximity to anything is its worst feature, taxi to trafalgar square is £15-£20 each way, nearest tube... there isn't. Bus stops outside but takes forever to get anywhere. OK the Kings road is very close but the Kings road is very long and the bits worth seeing are a long walk.Continental breakfast is rubbish, OJ and toast is about it, have had a lot better in much lower class establishments. Watch out for the extras £24 per day car parking, mini bar resembled Dick Turpin... £3 for a bag of crisps!My advise, spend the £35 a day taxi fare on something in the centre with a bit of class.	
Aug 21 2005 	Mixed Bag	When I checked in for my reservation of a Marina view suite I was allocated a 2nd floor room which is level with the roof of the public area. It was not a good location and there were workmen re-tiling the roof outside my balcony. I asked for another room and was told nothing was available. I said that we would not be able to stay and was promptly allocated an excellent Marina view suite on the seventh floor!! Due to the bad report of an earlier reviewer (the one with the photos of the bathroom), I had to check this out. The sealing around the shower heads and everywhere else in the bathrooms of both rooms had all been recently replaced, so I can only assume the management must read Trip Advisor!!My room was a large King suite with a very calming view of the Thames and the marina. It is most unlike any other location in London and I did enjoy the views from the balcony...It was a great spot to entertain friends. The down side is that it is isolated and taxis are mandatory. In summer you can walk to the cafes on Kings Road and a little futher to Fulham road, but this is not the place to stay if you want to be in the heart of the action.Three major complaints...The broadband internet connection is far too expensive at GBP24 per day. It is also very unstable and slow. I would agree with the previous reviewer that the cheap Akai TV's are from another era. They are not want you expect in a five star property. The other issue is the gym, which was a major disappointment. It seems to be an afterthought with the cardio and weights rooms tucked away on different levels. The equipment is old and tired and there is too much jammed into the cardio room. There is only one television and no personal controls or headphones. The gym is NOT suitable for a five star hotel.So in summary, if you are looking for a unique location on the river and some serious space in a suite, the Conrad is great. However, you will pay top dollar for an inferior Internet connection and have access to one of the worst gyms I have encountered in a five star hotel.	
Aug 17 2005	Can't wait to go to this hotel again. Goldilocks found her perfect room.	We were booked into this hotel because it was the only Hilton left this summer where we could use HHpoints and we didn't know what to expect.Well, Goldilocks found her perfect room: sunny in the day, dark and quiet at night, sheets like butter, comfy, but firm beds. Marble bathroom with great water pressure. A separate living room with fold -out bed for son and another television. Both televisions had many channels. What more could you want after sightseeing for hours? I have never stayed in such a quiet, pleasing hotel. After our free nights we stayed on for another 2 nights because we loved it so much. We stayed 4 nights at another London hotel at the very beginning of our trip that was an older boutique hotel with lots of old London charm, but I'd trade the charm for the quiet room and nice sunlight of the Conrad.The staff were so helpful and friendly and happy I wondered if they all just got raises in their paychecks. My children LOVED the indoor swimming pool and we spent hours there after several days of sightseeing. The food in the restaurant was decent, but overpriced, although the service was impeccable. (Desserts were the best course). Only downside: far from underground (20 min. walk) and far from shops, stores, markets. There is a pub at the corner which won a gastronic award and had wonderful food. However, they were so understaffed, had few tables, and closed to the public for one night due to a private party. We had to literally beg to get any table and the service was slow. However, it was the only food around for dinner outside of the hotel. If you don't mind begging to get in and a long wait for your food and in between coursed, the food there is actually good.There was a sandwich shop in the morning just down from the pub and they couldn't have been more accomodating and less precious than the pub.When we go to London we WILL stay in this hotel, regardless of where in London we will sightsee. We can't wait to go back. We have stayed in 4 star hotels all around the world and even though it doesn't have the charm of the older London hotels, the Conrad is just right for this Goldilocks in search of the perfect room.	
Jul 28 2005 	Beautiful Stay	Well, what can I say? We have been sent there by a businness partner for the night.. from the moment we entered the hotel, they make us feel like at home.. quick check in, very beautiful and spacious rooms (two bathroos, a living room with a big tv, a wonderfull bed)..The service was ok, nothing to complain.. the bar was perfect to drink something in the night, with a lot of exellent wines..Can I find something not perfect?? Yes.. the position in the city.. very quite but it is always a long taxi drive to go anywhere in London..But.. if you have time and money, choose this hotel and you'll not be disapponted!	
Jul 6 2005	Out of the way luxurious Hotel	Conrad London is an all-suite hotel. So, if you like big rooms or suites, Conrad is great. I like the rooms, but I agree with the earlier writer than the TV could have been better. The location is at Chelsea Harbour and is quite a distance from the city center. You need to take a bus (C3) to Earls Court, or if you are in the mood for walking (20 minutes), the nearest tube station is at Fulham Broadway, which is under Zone 2. Overall, it takes around 20-30 minutes to get to the central area. Buying the travel card would be useful. A taxi ride to Waterloo International costs around STG18.If you come with a family and appreciate the size, don't make too frequent trips back and from the hotel, this hotel is fine. If you're alone, and want to be at the centre of the happening places, then other hotels that are more centrally located (which tends to have smaller rooms), might be better.	
Jun 20 2005	Conrad hotel--a little out of the way	We just got back from staying 4 nights at the Conrad. The hotel is off on a harbour in Chelsea so if you want the hustle and bustle of downtown London you wont get it here. The rooms we had were very nice --large and very comforable. The food was way over priced so we ate elsewhere- the nearby Lots Road pub was very good. The big drawback was the commute to town for the attractions--an extra 15-20 minutes by bus or cab. I probably would not stay again because of the distance.	
May 29 2005	Grubby room poor service 3* food why bother?	Before I begin, we have stayed at several 5 star luxury hotels, including the Conrad hotels in Cairo, Istanbul &amp; Brussels. We also are Silver Hhonors cardholders. So we are seasoned luxury hotel travellers.This was by far the worst 5 star we have stayed in. When we rolled up with our luggage, we struggled through the doors while the doorman ignored/didn't even notice us - what was he there for? The concierge didn't even tell us the local bus number from the hotel (it's the C3). What was he there for?The hotel directions were incorrect (&quot;...take a right down Wadon Road...&quot;, no such road exists in Chelsea!) so we got a little lost getting to the hotel. When we advised check-in of their error, the guy got confused as he spoke poor English. When he realised the problem, he shrugged his shoulders. Great attitude.We reserved a Marina View suite 7 days in advance, but when we arrived reception said they were &quot;all taken&quot; - so we got a standard suite, overlooking some small mall &amp; a bit of waste-ground.Our door lock was faulty, working about 1 time in 5. Although the room was a good size (for London) &amp; well insulated from the frequent aircraft noise above, the room was quite grubby, with &quot;greasy&quot; looking marks over many of the wood finishes. The standard of decor &amp; fitting were really below what one would expect, with mastic peeled off, mismatching wood &amp; pictures askew. Generally felt like a 3-star level.Housekeeping was well below standard - they didn't even clean up the table or replace used glasses with new ones. This &quot;luxury&quot; all- suite hotel had 2 cheapsville 20inch(?) Akai TV's and some channels had really poor reception. Staff hadn't even set the bedside alarm clock to Summer Time (that was the last week in March guys - it's nearly June!) so it was 1 hour out. Am I being picky? No, it's the attention to detail that we pay for in a 5 star place, overall this was lacking.The bathroom was a shocker - how badly done can a 5 star place be? This bad! I took a couple of pictures so you can see how filthy fittings are left for us to enjoy - typical of the environment. Mouldy in some areas too! The mastic was peeling off in the toilet - not attended to either. The bathroom layout was badly designed, and small.Next morning, Breakfast! Hmmm, hungry after a hard night out? We were! We were expecting the usual excellent spread, only to be told at the table that we were entitled to a cold continental breakfast only &amp; hot food would be extra! You have got to be kidding! This was unbeleivable. This hotel is over GBP170 (USD300) a night! Breakfast choices were really poor for a top hotel. One cheese choice? Two cold meats? Coffee was tasteless too. The Sofitel London shows this place how breakfast should be done - perhaps Conrad management should pay a visit to learn something.Also, the breakfast areas have inadequate ventilation, so even though we were in the non-smoking area, smoke from the smoking tables came through strongly. I mentioned this to a member of staff, who agreed this was not good and that she had to put up with it everyday.Coupled with the location (about 15 minutes drive from the city), this hotel has very little to offer the discerning traveller. It's far, far below the standard for anyone who has 5 star pockets &amp; expectations. Do yourself a big favour, choose the Sofitel London instead as we have done - it's a much cleaner, friendlier, classier place and it's 2 minutes from Trafalgar Square too. The Conrad London is in our opinion, bad news.	
May 25 2005	Luxurious but Friendly	We've just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad, which included our wedding at Chelsea Old Town Hall. I couldn't praise it highly enough. Our 7th floor room had a fantastic view over the London skyline and the Marina. The suite was gorgeous and very comfortable and clean. A coffee maker and CD player were included, plus bathrobes, slippers and lovely toiletries. The bed was huge and comfortable. Having a one year old daughter we certainly appreciated having a separate bedroom/living room. The hotel provided us with a cot and highchair and a kettle on request. The babysitter supplied through housekeeping was wonderful and we had no qualms about going out in the evening. I did check the agency personally first to check their vetting procedures etc and was very reassured. The staff were absolutley fantastic with the baby, and very patient with her new habit of throwing food on the floor and saying Hi to everyone in sight. I was never made to feel uncomfortable by any of the staff (or the other guests for that matter) when she didn't always behave quite as I'd have liked. Our room rate included english breakfast - at the weekend this is a full buffet, on weekdays there's cereal and fruit etc available with a menu of hot and cold options. Room service was always quick too. We didn't have the Sunday Brunch, as we had big dinner plans for the evening, but sat having a bar snack and salivating over the oysters and the roast beef etc. I'm tempted to go back just for brunch one day! The bar did seem to get a very busy at lunchtimes /early evening with people from local offices but like many others we would recommend the Lots Road Pub for good food and much cheaper drinks than the hotel.To sum up - it's not a cheap place to stay, and it is a bit out of the way, but compared to other London Hotels we'ved stayed in it's great value for money - the suites are huge, the views were fantastic and we're already planning our next visit.	
May 19 2005	quite luxury place	We stayed in the Conrad for three days in may and we found it a very quite and luxury place in a busy city like London. The rooms were very large and clean and the service was exellent. The hotel is located at chelsea harbour only a five minute walk to Kings road with its pubs and shops. There is a bus station right in front of the Hotel where one can take a bus to Earl court underground station (every 10 minutes), but if you are able to walk five minutes there is a very good connection at Kings road. Take line 11 and you get a free sightseeing tour through London. The prices at the Hotel are realy to high. Of course London is expensive but 35 pounds per person for a sunday brunch is a lot. Try Lots Road Pub (1 min walk) there you can have a nice english dinner for a better rate. If you are looking for the london nightlife book a hotel in the city because it is not easy to go by public transportation after 11pm in england (or take a taxi, about 15-20p to the city).	
May 3 2005	Loved the Conrad	I just returned from a trip to London with 3 friends. We spent 5 nights at the Conrad Hotel in Chelsea. It's off the beaten path but really easy to get around using the #3 bus to Earl's Court tube station (bus stops just steps from the front of the hotel). It's an upscale all-suite hotel with individually controlled air conditioning in each room. There's a nice bar off the lobby that had live music on weeknights and friendly staff. The rooms are very nice and clean and the beds are really comfortable plus there is a pillow menu that offers a variety of pillows to choose from.Just down the street is a wonderful &quot;gastro pub&quot; called the Lots Road Pub - truly the highlight of our stay. The food is excellent and the staff at the pub were friendly, fun and made us feel part of the family. The atmosphere and food was so good that we ate dinner there 3 of the 5 nights! This is my 4th trip to London and previously I've always stayed close to the action so I was a little concerned about the location being out of the way. Everyone in our group loved the Conrad and the pub and we will stay there whenever we go to London again.	
Mar 23 2005 	Will go back	If you can afford to spend a few pounds in a taxi and to loose 15 minutes to go to the City, then this hotel is for you.All the rooms are suites, very nicely apointed (large beds, nice furniture, 2 televisions, CD player), with a practical bathroom and a nice view on Chelsea Harbour.The staff is, for London standards, very helpfull and the overall design of bar and breakfast room is perfect.Finaly, and perhaps the most important in a large city like London, the hotel is very quiet. You will sleep like a baby !I will go back !	
Mar 20 2005	A very pleasent suprise.	I travel to London about six times per year and stay in a different 5 star hotel on each occasion in my rather unusual quest to have tried them all.When I booked this one I had doubts that it would be up to scratch with it not been in the centre of town.But I found the place to be great.All the rooms are suites and of the highest quality with massive beds and luxurious cottons and a nice view of the harbour.If there was a downside then it would be that it is a little out of the way and a taxi is the only choice of transport in the winter.I think it is worthy of its 5 star rating.	
Jan 19 2005	Top Notch!!!	My wife and I spent two nights (one of which was New Year's Eve) at the Conrad. To sum it up - We had a fantastic time. We can't fault this property at all. The location, staff, facilities and value for money would all have to be given top marks.	
Jan 4 2005	Very nice!	My wife and I stayed in Conrad a week in December. Front desk staff was very helpful; went an extra mile to get me a room I preferred, and to make me feel special. I thought concierge was helpful as well. They checked train schedule for me (as they should); helped with buses, etc. I never had to wait for a cab either. Hotel is a few blocks away from King's' Road, with its upscale shopping and nice restaurants and pubs. One can take a bus or a tube to Westminster area, tube (Forham Broadway station) is faster and takes about 10-30 min. Staying in Chelsea gave as opportunity to see Londoners, and to see residential part of London.Rooms look fresh; with one full and one half bath. There is a separate shower stall. Shower is fantastic! Room are not huge, with regular two-room suite being the size of some good hotel room in US hotels (I remember my executive rooms in the Marriot). Two TVs which are older and small, and there are no Movies on Demand!!!!! However, bed was very cozy, rooms were well decorated, and very comfortable and we had a wonderful view from our balcony (not all suites have them). Drinks in the bar downstairs are ridiculously expensive, with 3.50GBP for 8oz beer, and 10GBP for cocktail. Too bad, their loss, we would spent more time in this bar. Instead, we went to Lots Road pub a few times. If I would come with may dauther next time, I would stay at this hotel again. Without a child, I may look around Oxford St for a more happennig place.	
Jan 4 2005	Fantastic Hotel - typical of Conrad	Stayed at the Conrad for my birthday weekend and can quite honestly say that for the price it is hard to beat in London, ok its a bit out of the centre but for what you get in terms of facilities it more than makes up for its location (10-15 pounds taxi to west end). Fantastic Service, good food, lovely large suites, and possibly the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in. Highly recommended.	
Jan 2 2005	Conrad's great in a very expensive city	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Conrad for the New Years with our 3 kids. It was truly the only good deal we found in a wonderful but very expensive city. We had a great 2 room suite for 155 GBP, very spacious and nicely done room. Staff was helpful and friendly, but we wouldn't use the concierge to book a restaurant for us in the future. We travel internationally 3 or 4 times per year as a family and found this hotel to truly be one of our favorites.	
Dec 19 2004	Fantastic	I Loved It!!!! What a fantastic hotel this is...you dont want to leave! We stayed with our children and they got attention from every staff member. Staff throughout the hotel very professional and genuinely welcoming. Amazing suites with a great view on the Thames. Location is perfect, just off Kings Road (good for shopping and restaurants/pubs) and you dont have the feeling your in a big city as London is. Worthwile the money! We will be back!!	
Dec 17 2004	How did this property ever get five stars?!	No way is this a five-star hotel. The concierge desk is, in reality, the bell stand. After riding the Tube for one day, I was able to determine how to get around better than the &quot;concierge.&quot;The front desk staff was fine, but never went out of its way to be helpful as one has the right to expect at a five-star property.The hotel does, however, feature comedic entertainment in the restaurant during breakfast. The staff bears an uncanny likeness to that of Fawlty Towers. The hostess had a constant look of bewilderment and scampered everywhere; again, not what one expects at a five-star hotel.Location is very much out of the way. It's a 20-minute bus ride to the Tube. It can be an equally long wait for a taxi, despite assurances from the &quot;concierge&quot; that a rank of taxis is always at the ready.If you want five stars, go for the Landmark or Savoy. The Conrad is not that much of a step up from a Hilton Garden Inn.	
Dec 1 2004	Nice stay at the Conrad London	My husband, 7 yr. old daughter, and I stayed at the Conrad London for a week over Thanksgiving. We were in the regular Chelsea Suite. We didn't face the water, but still had a decent view. Our suite had an entry area/dry bar, living room area w/ desk, love seat and three chairs, a bed room w/ king bed/vanity w/ built in blow dryer and a second tv, the bath was average size w/ a separate comode/bidit room, mirrored and marbled w/ tub and bath. The hotel was very clean, quiet, and had excellent service. We never ate a meal there as we were out site seeing from early morning untill evening. However, we ate several meals at the wonderful gastro pub right outside of the hotel. It is called Lots Road Pub (I think).We used the small on site spa, swimming pool, steam room and sauna and found them to be very nice. We had the pool and sauna to ourselves all three times that we used them. It was a nice way to end the day.As a travel agent I have been to many wonderful hotels and this ranks right up there. It is very expensive and a little out of the way but if you can get a discount price (or if it's a business trip/not out of pocket) I highly recommend staying at this property. You can take the #3 bus down to Kings Road (about three blocks) then hop on the #11 bus to Victoria Station and all the sites. The Fulham tube station is about 8 blocks away so we tended to use the bus more often. Cabs are easily available as well.	
Nov 14 2004	Fantastic Hotel	My partner and i have just returned home after staying one night at the Conrad Hotel in Chelsea Village. A few months ago we stayed at a hotel, which turned out to be a complete let down, but the Conrad was perfect. The room was much larger than i expected, with a lounge, bedroom, bathroom, guest toilet and balcony, there was not much more we could ask for. The service was fantastic and everyone was very helpful and polite. Not only am i looking forward to my next trip to London, but also spending another night (or two) at this hotel. Well worth the stay!	
Nov 11 2004	Flawless Conrad	The Conrad could not be flawed from arrival to departure... I booked a room at this hotel for free using Hilton HHonors points (Conrad is the luxury counterpart of the Hilton chain). We were given a fabulous suite (very spacious ~50sq. m) overlooking the marina. Definately book the marina view (it's worth it!). From the guest bathroom in our marble lobby (in addition to the en suite) to the turndown and the quiet reflection on the balcony, this stay could not have been more perfect. Breakfast was impressive and this being the only 'all-suite' hotel in London, it was not too busy either (no queues or usual buffet hustle and bustle). The only slight downfall is it's location. Although quiet, it was just off Kings Road in Chelsea Harbour and it would be a 10 minute taxi drive to Knightsbridge. For me, a travel connoisseur, this hotel hit the spot. Highly Recommended...	
Oct 28 2004	What a wonderful hotel	We stayed at the Conrad Hotel in September for four nights. We have traveled all over the world and have stayed at some great hotels. I have good taste! We had a wonderful suite overlooking the Harbor. The staff were wonderful. Our beds were beautifully comfortable, we didn't want to leave! Only drawback was I ordered breakfast from the menu (declined the buffet) and was charged individually for each cup of coffee. I complained and they took it off the bill, will know next time not to order coffee that way.We have reservations to go back in November. I highly recommend this hotel to any traveler who is discriminating in where he wants to stay. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny.	
Aug 17 2004	Loved the Conrad	We stayed here with 2 children in July 2004. The kids loved it and the staff was very friendly to them. We had a great experience. The Hotel is beautiful. It is very clean and new. The set up of the suites was super. The area around the hotel is great for walking around and exploring. The concierge was fabulous, he got us into restaurants at the last minute and was very helpful with a rental car return. We loved the gastro pub at the entrance to Chelsea Harbor. The only downside was the distance to the tube station. It was a 3-4 pound taxi ride or a 20-30 minute walk with kids. (You could also take a bus to get to within 5 minutes) We would definately stay here again!	
Aug 14 2004	Excellent is not enough...	Spent one evening here on August 4. What a delightful spot. Our three teenage children took one room, my wife and I had the adjoining room. Arriving late, from Chicago, this was a perfect spot for us. The rooms are suites, and have sitting rooms, with wet bars and tv's and a love seat. The bedrooms were quite comfortable, with tv's, extra comforters for the bed, and plenty of space for luggage. The baths were more than adequate, with two basins and a bathtub in the main room along with a separate shower. The toilet is in a separate room . The breakfast was buffett. You can also order off a menu. We had a nice walk along the Thames before breakfast. Wish we could have stayed longer. An excellent hotel; we'd stay there again in a flash.	
Jul 19 2004	So Posh	Lovely hotel. Very friendly staff. Fun location (after you figure out where you are). Breakfast was a bit pricey. Exchange rate is really hurting us Americans. Popular boy band staying there at same time, so little girls waiting outside at all hours for autographs - not bothersome though. Important note: Earls Court has 2 exits - kept wondering why the A3 bus stop was sometimes there/sometimes not. Blamed it on the pint! Only 10 min walk to Fulham Broadway tube - little mall area there.	
Jul 13 2004	Loved the Hotel		
Jun 15 2004	Wonderful stay.		
Jun 4 2004	Honeymooners in London 5stars is the only way to go!!!		
May 14 2004 	Very Nice! And pricey!		
Apr 16 2004	Under estimated!		
Mar 12 2004	Wonderful Hotel!!!		
Feb 14 2004	Great pleasent stay		
Feb 3 2004	Luxury !!		
Nov 5 2003	It was an amazing experience		
Nov 3 2003	If you don't like lifts...go elsewhere		
Jun 30 2009 	Parfait		
Jun 20 2009 	Un affare! ma attenzione alle insidie...		
Jun 7 2009 	Tolle ruhige Lage...		
Apr 20 2008 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Mar 28 2008 	bastante bien		
Aug 19 2007 	Allein eine wunderschöne Terrase rechtfertigt nicht überteuerte Zimmerpreise		
