Nov 26 2009 	Nice Hotel Rude Staff	We arrived at this hotel at 6am after our long haul flight from Australia. I had emailed the hotel 1 week prior to confirm our booking (twin share room for 4 nights) and also to request if it was possible to have an early check-in. We were met with barely a smile, and no, no early check-in, come back at 2pm. We had not recieved a reply to our email so far enough, no early check in. We left our bags and went off to have our first view of London. First impressions from the hotel was that London staff and service leaves a lot to be desired. Anyway, so when we return to check in, we are in a room with a double bed (not only had we ourselves emailed, but so had our travel agent emailed TWICE in the fortnight leading up to our stay to confirm booking - TWIN Share room as I was travelling with my brother). When we queried this with reception we were told that it was impossible for us to have booked a twin share economy room as they don't have any. It would cost us an extra $85AUD/night to upgrade, and it wouldn't be available until the next day. Unfortunately my brother became violently ill on the first day there, so I slept on the floor for the first night until we could move rooms, which we were told would be ready at 12noon the next day. Come 12noon the next day, it will now be 3pm. I returned to the desk at 2:50pm to pick up our new swipe card. 25 mins later I was given our new swipe card and new room number. I told reception that I would go upstairs, get our things together (and my sick brother) and move rooms, and would return the old room card when we had vacated room. They said that was fine and there was no rush. I had only just gotten upstairs to our old room when our door opened - by another guest ready for his stay! For the 25mins that I had stood at the desk waiting for our new room card, this same guest had been checking in. My current room was given away to him before I had even been allocated a new one! Nice to know that security is such a priority for this hotel, as obviously multiple swipe cards can be issued for the one room under different guests. Had we been out and about this new guest could have stollen everything!! POOR SERVICE. Overall I have never been more appalled by the staff and service at a hotel. A smirky and forced apology for us having the door opened on us by another guest (whilst my brother lay vomiting from the bed) and having to pay for the upgraded room despite 3 emails to confirm our booking. In general, staff are rude, unfriendly and certainly not welcoming. The hotel itself is OKAY, small rooms but clean and tidy and OK location-wise, but I would never recommend this hotel due to its rude staff.	
Nov 25 2009 	Mixed Feelings	Don't know how far in advance you have to book and with whom to get best rates here . We paid £602 for 2 people for 4 nights with b/fast, booking 2 months in advance...allegedly the last room.. a twin buisness friendly type . I don't know if that is a typical rate as I havn't stayed at this time of year before . Checking in &quot;on the dot &quot;we were shown a square shaped room on the ground floor with the window facing a brick wall . ...dark and gloomy ... I said &quot;no way am I accepting this for 4 nights &quot; to the concierge who to his credit did tell reception staff it wasn't a good room on our return to the desk and also that delivery vans made a noise around 07:30 close to it . Did we want to be wakened by these? No !  A desk staff member argued all rooms were alike. I argued that I knew there were better/ larger rooms, L shaped ones . She still argued back &quot; all rooms are alike &quot; ....but eventually said I could see another . Again the concierge showed us to the room , a large L shaped one and lo and behold..... a room with a view ! How could this be if all rooms are alike as the desk staff said ?Maybe three quarters of an hour later , quite stressed out , we were unpacking .  I knew the area , which is why I chose to visit that particular hotel.... almost on the doorstep for buses into the city centre , local shops, a postoffice and cafes . Breakfast was good .  I gathered by looking round and the type of people coming and going apparently to meetings in different suites all weekend that this was mainly a buisness hotel . Plenty of seating areas in the lobby . The concierge was helpful . I had no complaints about our room.... the beds were very comfortable . ... everything worked and the housekeeping was very good . Would I stay again ? Yes, if I was certain I was going to get the type of room I eventually did get.	
Nov 23 2009 	very comfy but small rooms	i stayed here with my wife for 2 nights and we had an overall enjoyable stay. it took is quiet a while 2 check in tho as the reception staff were pretty slow and in no hurry, where as we wanted to get unpacked and get out site seeing. our room was small but very modern and clean. the room had good facilities with its own ironing board, a safe, air con, a tv and a good powerful shower. the breakfast is of a good standard and i enjoyed the fry ups. the bar prices were resonable compared 2 other bars we had drank in around london( pint of becks and a large glassof wine approx £7). when you check out you can leave your luggaged in a room which is only accessable by the hotel staff. the hotel is situated close to 2 tube stations russel sqaure and holborn, we prefered 2 walk holborn tube station which took us about 3-4mins walk at a gud pace. we got off at russell sqaure on the way 2 the hotel and made the mistake of carrying our cases up the stairs due 2 the big line for the lift. this was a very bad idea and 1 i wouldnt recommend. when you come out of russell sqaure tube make sure you turn left and keep walkin straight down the road and you wil find the hotel.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Place! We loved it	This was a great hotel for the money. I looked into a lot of mid-level places to stay in London and finally decided to go with this hotel and was so happy with the results. Room size was decent and clean. Hotel is very close to tube stops. I would recomend this hotel to everyone!	
Nov 20 2009 	Great location below average service	First off, this is hotel is placed in a GREAT location that is very close to the Picadilly and Central tubes. It is walking distance to shopping on Oxford Street and to the British Museum. The rooms were nicely designed but small. The customer service needs to be improved however as they were not very welcoming and did not seem to care whether you had an issue or not. Still, I would come back as the location could not be beat.	
Nov 18 2009 	Comfortable hotel in a good location	Stayed with my husband for two nights, Saturday and Sunday. This is a very comfortable hotel in a good location, especially for West End shows. The surrounding area feels safe and there are several restaurants and cafes nearby.Public areas are light and airy. Breakfast is good. The room and en suite bathroom score high on cleanliness. However, the bed was one of the shortest we've slept in - and neither of us is particularly tall! Despite this we would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very nice and cosy rooms and comfortable bed!	Bathroom was very nice. I was tired after long trip and had good nightsleep in this cosy single room. The handsome guy in the lobby was very helpful.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent Quality for Central London	This is near the core Bloomsbury/Soho area of London. I've stayed at various hotels in this area and this is the best value/quality. I had a 'standard' room which was much bigger than anything comparable locally in this class. There's obviously been a recent refurbishment as everything looked pretty new. There are plently of places nearby to have breakfast and it isn't worth the premium to eat in the hotel (generally true in central London). There are plenty of restaurants of all types nearby. £15 for 24 hours of WiFi. You can get better quaity but expect to pay 50%+ more and you can get cheaper, but you'd have accept broom-cupboard sized rooms. This would be good for both the business traveller or a leisure trip. I plan to return for future business trips if I can. I was particularly impressed by the effectiveness of the sound-proofing of both windows (I was on the front) and between rooms (my neighbour's loud TV could be heard in the corridor but not in my room). The air-conditioning was quiet and effective (a lot of equivalent-cost hotels in this area don't have A/C).	
Oct 18 2009 	Clean 	The hotel was easy to find and as there were plenty of polite and friendly staff on reception we checked both in and out efficiently. The concierge was very helpful and kept our bags for us till we had visited the nearby Museum. We would have liked more advice about the price of breakfast (not included in the offer we had) - we didn't know what choices were available so did not attend.We had a quiet room at the back of the building, the only problem being that the venetian blind did not work and it looked out onto a terrace and into the windows opposite. The bathroom let it down slightly as inadequate soap, shampoo and tissues and the shower was almost too feeble to wash properly - also it was fixed so you couldn't get under it except by contortions.Other than that, both that and the bedroom were spotlessly clean, with stylish modern decor. Quite a good choice for an overnight central London stopover.	
Oct 7 2009 	No frills but good value!	We booked through lastminute.com and god a prety good rate of £70 per night without breakfast so we didn't expect a good room but in actual fact it was great for us! It wasn't big but it was recently refurbished with a good sized and very clean bathroom, a decent and comfortable bed and nice modern fittings. We also had a desk and TV, iron, board, free safe and tea making facilities (tucked away sensibly in a drawer). As I said, not huge but plenty of space for what we wanted.We specifically requested a quieter room when booking and we had been given an interior room that overlooked a small courtyard and it was amazingly quiet. The only sound was the occasional noisy guest slamming their door but I have heard that in every hotel I've stayed in!The hotel is so well situated that we hardly used the tube and instead walked to Oxford Street, SoHo and Covent Garden. SoHo was about 15 mins on foot (which s why we didn't want breakfast in the hotel - why eat there when you can eat in the amazing pattisseries / delis / greasy-spoons oacked into the area!I think the price is very reasonable for what we got and we were pleasantly surprised!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fourth Visit did not disappoint	This hotel has consistently good service. We stayed in a &quot;business friendly&quot; room, which was spacious, comfortable and quiet. It also included the excellent breakfast buffet which we have come to enjoy at the hotel. The standard rooms do not include breakfast, but there are many restaurants and take-out places close by (or you can always pay for breakfast in the dining room).I appreciate the in-room safes which are standard amenities. In all of our visits we have encountered friendly staff who have solved any issue promptly; for example, this time our safe somehow &quot;lost&quot; our password. The front desk clerk came immediately to help us. We were also pleased to receive a fresh fruit plate in our room on our second day. The room also has complimentary bottled water, tea, coffee, and cookies.The hotel's Maltings Pub is a pleasant place for a quiet drink in the evening and service is prompt there, too.We also stayed in a budget hotel during the second half of this trip. Although the Park Inn cost twice as much, it was worth every single extra penny in comparison. In short, its location is superb for museums, theatre and shopping and the amenities and service are very good value for money. The Park Inn remains my hotel of choice for vacations in London.	
Sep 22 2009 	great stay again	This was our second trip to the Park Inn and was as good as the last. The reception staff had cheered up and check in and out was speedy. The lifts all worked and we never had to wait for more than a few seconds. We requested a business friendly room again , it was clean and had everything we needed though its shape was not like any we had stayed in before...as you entered the door it had a table and two comfy chairs facing a unit containing the fridge with tv on top and a door into the bathroom, go right passing large wardrobe and dressing table then onto the other part with the bed, chest of drawers with another tv, strange but we found it very cosy. Breakfast was very good with plenty choice. We were able to leave our cases in a secure room till we needed them. The bar was a bit quiet and no wonder judging by the pint of stella we got it was horrible, plenty other places for a nightcap nearby, all in all everything was spot on.	
Sep 18 2009 	Nice room but very warm	We stayed at the Park Inn for 4 nights, beginning September 2. First, the good news. The hotel is incredibly convenient for getting around London. It's clean and the staff are friendly and helpful, Our room (a &quot;standard&quot; room) was on the 2nd floor (the 1st floor to the English). It was very quiet, average size for a London hotel, newly refurbished, very comfortable, and with lots of storage. The bathroom was very modern, and generally terrific. Breakfast (included in our rate) was good, with a fair variety of items at the buffet. I especially liked the mushrooms and the sausages.My *only* quibble, and it's a minor one, was that the hallway right outside our room was VERY warm at all times (I'd guess about 80 degrees), and the room itself was also in the mid-to-upper 70's. Turning down the thermostat didn't seem to help it much. But it cooled right down when we opened the window.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to other travelers.	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent - but depends on room type	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights + 1 night, later on, in August 2009. Got an excellent deal - 89 GBP per night without breakfast for &quot;standard room&quot; - which means second, not lowest, type of room. Originally room 339 - one of the rooms not facing the road. A very good size, quiet, well equipped. No breakfast, but Tesco just by the hotel, buy your own. No fridge, but for minimum breakfast, not really needed. Great bathroom. However, second time around got first one of the &quot;standard&quot; rooms facing the road - very awkward L shaped, with TV at end of the L. When asked to be moved, this was granted, to 439 - same like 339 without the music system in the bathroom. I understand the basic rooms are much smaller. Can't fault the service. In sum: if you get a good deal, and a good 'standard' room, don't look elsewhere - the location, the cleanliness and all other elements are just what one would expect from a short holiday in London.	
Sep 14 2009 	Don't even think about it!	If the lobby doesn't scare you off, the rooms will. To start, the lobby staff are completely useless and unprofessional. When they decided to end a 5 minute conversation amongst each other they proceeded to check me in. As I walked into the room is was truly shocked, I could without exaggerating jump from one side to the other without needing a run-up (as you can guess I like to thoroughly review rooms). The air-conditioning unit did not work. But since I have owned a similar unit I opened it up to clean the filters, and I can assure you it had not been cleaned for years- there was a black residue over 3 cm's thick. The bathroom was a really good size with a good shower. Just remember to adjust the glass so the water will not spill on the floor.As for the wifi- it is EXTREMELY expensive, if I remember correctly it was 15 pounds for 24 hours. Here is a tip, walk to Costa Coffee which is mere seconds away and use theirs for free.The Gym has equipment was substandard and not even worth visiting.This hotel was pure garbage and I will never stay with the ParkInn chain ever again. This is by no means a 4 star hotel, more like a 2-3 TOPS. Here is my suggestion, stay at the Grange Holborn instead, nicer rooms for the same price.	
Sep 12 2009 	Disappointing services for a 4 star hotel	As a 4 stars hotel you would expect services if not great but good. However staffs at all areas of the hotel is very much disappointing. Stayed here at Park Inn for 6 nights and at check in the front desk staff did not smile at all and when asked to sign two lots of paperwork he simply dump the papers on the desk and asked me to sign without any explanation. The restuarant staffs again were very unfriendly and didn't mind you standing there for a while before taking you to a seat. Concierge wasn't great either. Even though the room is clean, which you would expect from a 4 star hotel, the quality of services from their staffs is the reason why I won't be coming back to this hotel. The location is good but considering there are so many other hotels near tubes, this hotel does not stand out in any way. The rate is at the higher end of a 4 star hotel and if you want to stay at Russell Square, there are plenty of other hotels in the area which I had good experiences with.	
Sep 7 2009 	Worst Hotel in London!	This hotel is a disgrace. Have just returned from an overnight stay and the Guest Services Manager firstly called me a liar and then tried to fleece us out of more money. Originally booked through late rooms.com, my husband printed off the confirmation and then at check in the booking had been mysteriously &quot;cancelled&quot;. The reception man said not a problem would give us the room and honour the rate, he then took a photocopy of our confirmation. When we were going to check out, he implied that this had not been agreed and that I was a liar! Why take a photocopy of the confirmation to prove the rate and then not honour it? My mum called to pay for it (being our anniversay weekend present) and he hung up on her 3 times, then said the general manager was on holiday and would not give the number for the Head Office. A strongly worded letter will be going in about this........... if their Head Office is as bad as their reception.... wont hold my breath. Dont visit this hotel, there are plaenty in the same area for the same price. Also - another reviewer said they got free wifi - it's actually £5	
Sep 1 2009 	Average London Hotel-great for Covent Garden and Euston	We stayed in an executive room for 3 nights over the bank holiday weekend.Plus Points: Very convenient for Covent Garden and most central attractions-5min walk to the tubeVery convenient for Euston Station-10min walk or 5min bus ride-buses every 5minsClean roomsFree luggage storageAttentive front desk staffNegatives:Poor breakfast-low quality foodNoisy room -noise from extractor fans outside and corridor noiseNot the cleanest of public areas-it was quite hot and smelled of greasy cookingIt depends on the deal you get really-we would stay here again as it's location is so convenient but would look around for other hotels in the area for rates first. Foe the time we went-we paid a decent price and so were quite happy with it.Its not luxury-more Travel-lodge style.	
Aug 29 2009 	All round value for money at the Park Inn	I stayed at the Park Inn for three days in August 2009 and overall it was okay. The front desk staff were very helpful and my room was basic but adequate. Quiet rooms are sometimes hard to find in London but the Park Inn is fine if you don't have a room at the front of the hotel. I avoided the hotel's overpriced breakfast by walking to the Waverley Hotel, 100 yards away, which provided a full breakfast for eight pounds. The Park Inn is very well located near the Underground but for some reason they tell you to use Holborn, when Russell Square is closer and more convenient.	
Aug 26 2009 	an enjoyable stay	Read alot of negative reviews and was worried about going but there was no need. Hotel in a good location. Rooms small but well equipped (budget room). Staff very friendly. As room was not ready, we arrived early, they suggested we let them store our bags and go and start our break. On the day we left they stored our bags until 6pm so we could enjoy the city without lugging cases around. Would certainly go again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Just ok	ok is the best way to describe this hotel. Staff were ok except for one of the night porters who actually had a personality . Room was bit small but ok. Breakfast was ok. The only good thing about this hotel was its location. its very close to holborn tube station which was great also only 30 min to trafalgar sq or the london eye. If you want an ok hotel and you aren't very fussy this will do. I don't feel this hotel was value for money nor do i feel i was ripped off.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good Deal Great Location	We were only in London for a short time, so location was the primary concern. The Park Inn was perfect as far as that was concerned--an easy trip on the tube to/from Heathrow and within walking distance of Covent Garden, Piccadilly Circus and more. It's a bit of longer walk down the Thames to the Tate Modern and the Tower of London, but we did it both there and back. Definitely a scenic walk!Our room was at the back of the hotel, which was great because I imagine rooms at the front are fairly noisy--Southampton Row is a pretty busy street. It was small, but newly redone and very nice and comfortable. The bathroom was huge. We spent almost no time in our room, so the size didn't matter much to us. We'd go back because it was definitely a good value for the money.	
Aug 19 2009 	Lovely room large spotless bathroom staff friendly and helpful especially the concierge	Booked hotel and theatre break with my daughter before she goes off to uni. Staff were lovely especially the concierge - nothing was a problem for him - great location handy for both Holburn and Russell Square underground stations. Air con a big plus road noise vastly reduced due to good double glazing. Would not hessitate to stay here again or recommend to friends.	
Aug 16 2009 	unfriendly and no way a 4star	When we stayed here last year, our experience was quiet good very friendly staff, and internet was also free. This Time when we arrived the room was not available; the concierge was really nice though. The Receptionist hoo my God, had no feelings she was standing just like a statue without feeling or emotions. I couldn’t understand a word when she uttered. Last year in contrast the receptionist was really helpful a cheerful tall guy with great attitude. This time however, we had to pay extras if we use the internet, the room location was really bad very noisy, and room was smelling damp. Breakfast however was good and the location is great. The room was not that expensive, yet 4star I wouldn’t call it. Facilities are no way matching a 4Star hotel.Firstly, I would advise the managers to hire people who can communicate well. Secondly, it doesn’t seem that any of the employees like to be there. Love of the job is important, in a business they should love what they do and be very polite and enthusiastic about it; bring customer in.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good hotel with very very expensive Wi-Fi	Clean &amp; comfortable hotel. Rooms are small, typical of a city hotel. There is an ice machine, but no ice buckets in the rooms. The breakfast is a very good, &quot;Full English&quot; breakfast. The location is close to the Holburn subway station. The other station (Russell Square) is being renovated, and the escalators are not in service.Beware that the hotel Wi-Fi costs 5 GBP per hour!! That is around $8.65 per hour. Outgoing SMTP e-mail is blocked, which requires the use of a web based e-mail client, like Yahoo mail or Google mail, and this chews up your hour very fast. the clock seems to keep running, even if you turn off your wireless card or the PC... you need to use the Log-Off web page.A better solution is to have an account with BT (British Telcom) or a 3-G wireless card. This may require a long term subscription.An even better answer is to find a hotel where Wi-Fi or High-speed Internet is &quot;included&quot; or &quot;complimentary&quot;. It is no longer acceptable to advertise that High Speed Internet is available or some other vague reference such as simply: &quot;Wi-Fi&quot; or &quot;High speed Internet&quot;.The room air conditioning might have worked, if it was turned &quot;On&quot;. One night, it might have been &quot;On&quot;. Leaving the windows open is OK, except that the ambulance sirens tend to come up the street during the night, making sleep intermittent. One must rate the air conditioning as marginal.	
Aug 11 2009 	great locationnice staffwould return.	have stayed at quite a few hotels in this area but this is the best so far for service and value for money.we only paid £190.00 for two nights inc breakfast so we have no reason to be too fussy.	
Aug 7 2009 	Highly reccommended	Great hotel. Friendly staff, good rooms, delicious buffet english breakfast - could not fault it!	
Aug 5 2009 	Overall ok  but not for a PARK INN hotel !	Me and my wife spent 5 nights in this hotel , we had goods and beds !The standard DL rooms have an imposible small bed , if are over 1.73 m you not going to fit in this bed , for that reason we upgraded for Standard Business Room , which is great ! We paid 30 GBP for every night upgraded - Not cheap ! (even for London )When we left we assured that no other charges has been made in our account . When we got home we realized that 300 GBP been blocked in our credit card , we called the hotel and the staff said : &quot; I don`t know , i just work here &quot; not very &quot; PARK INN way &quot;.The hotel , no offense , is spoiled ! The hall way looks better then the rooms .We never give bad review for a hotel , but this one is a PARK INN , so you expect to see that 4 stars hotel.Rooms are clean , flat screen Tv and speaker in the bathroom .The staff is not from &quot; this movie &quot; except the concierge which is very nice and helpfull.Breakfast is what you need , for us we want it more types of cheese (cream cheese !) but otherwise very good !I wish the manager of this hotel to take a look on this review and get the points need to be improved not the wrong way . We are sure some things with no extra costs can be made in near future , this is our travelers opinion.Location is great , close to everything : British museum , Oxford street and SOHO.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location but some small things..	We stayed in the Park Inn last weekend and for the most part I would recommend it. We loved it's central location; we walked to Oxford St, London Eye, Covent Garden, Soho so location wise it gets 5 stars.The rooms are modern and recently decorated; the bathroom was newly spruced up and bright. Tea and coffee making facilities were supplied along with an iron, ironboard, safe, lcd tv with keyboard for internet access and air con. Here the but! The room was tiny. It shouldn't be given to a couple as it really is only suitable for a single person. The term box room instantly sprang to mind. We found it hard to walk around at the same time and because it was so small you could see straight in if the door was opened. As others have said, the air conditionning was useless. That's the hottest 19oc I've ever experienced and it certainly wasn't cooling the room. We turned it off and opened the window instead and luckily we were at the back of the building so we didn't have to worry about street noise. However, the rooms got quite stuffy during the night.The same lady checked us in and out and honestly there was no discernable emotion from her either time. We didn't get a hello, welcome to our hotel or a warm thank you for your stay. Each time we were greeted with apathy.We didn't have breakfast included in our nightly rate and I wasn't paying £32 for two breakfasts so we went out for breakfast both mornings. There are lots of small cafes and big chain places within a few minutes walking.Would I stay here again? Yes I would if I got a good deal because the location really is first rate but the management of the hotel should read the comments posted here because the same things seem to keep coming up time and again. The air conditionning could be solved quite easily by adjusting the settings slightly. As for the staff; a little customer orientation training could go along way on that score.Also, if I was staying here again I would insist on being given a room which is suitable for two people sharing.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location - but some problems	I chose the Park Inn for a solo stay in London mainly for its location, close to Covent Garden and the theatres, but also because of its good reviews.At check in I had to wait 10 minutes for my room. The reception staff were apologetic and polite but not overly friendly. I had a double economy room overlooking an internal courtyard with decking and potted plants. Since my room's sash window opened directly onto the decking area, I would have liked a lock on the window. The room itself was small but nicely furnished in a modern style. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a walk in shower but no bath. Some minor niggles about the room: the interactive part of the tv didn't work; there is supposed to be a safe in the closet, but in my room it had been removed; there is also supposed to be an iron and ironing board in each room, but again mine was missing. I tried to phone the concierge to get an iron but gave up after several attempts with no one answering the phone. Small things maybe, but I expect a four star hotel to pay more attention to detail. The worst thing about the room was the temperature. Despite having the air conditioning on full all the time, the heat was overwhelming, especially at night, when it was impossible to sleep. I don't know if all of the rooms are similarly affected, but some other reviewers have also commented on it.My room rate didn't include breakfast, so at £16.50 I didn't bother trying it. There are plenty of shops, cafes and a couple of supermarkets nearby.The Park Inn is a clean, basic, modern hotel in a great location, however I personally won't stay there again simply on account of the unbearable temperature in the room.	
Jul 31 2009 	Cozy hotel	WEnt with a friend in March 2009 and stayed for 2 nights. Clean hotel, nice room, great location. The bar downstairs is nice and there are computers available for a fee. The front desk was not available often to help with ticket booking and questions.	
Jul 31 2009 	First Class Hotel with immediate taxi access outside;ideal for elderly or infirm	I travelled to London with 2 over-80s! The hotel was welcoming, clean and our rooms were easily accessible by lift. The all-inclusive rate for B&amp;B was very good. The breakfast was excellent and kept us going for the day! The air conditioning is set too high for English people @ 19, but the windows can all be opened. It is a very quiet hotel; no road noise and I would recommend staying. For the more able-bodied, Holborn &amp; Russell Square tubes are easily reached, or you can walk into the West End. We stayed for 3 nights and would have liked longer! First class all round.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic base for a wonderful London getaway	We booked a 2 bedroom apartment through a 3rd party (pre-paid) - SilverDoor ApartmentsIt is a really fantastic location and the apartment itself was wonderful. Plenty of space with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a lovely little roof top patio. Great housekeeping (daily) including little packets of sweet biscuits, and complimentary bottled water. Total of three flat screen TV's (living room, plus one in each bedroom). Lovely bathrooms.As an unexpected bonus, a full breakfast was included for the whole family in the hotel dining room. The restaurant staff were very helpful with the kids.Fantastic access to public transport (Russell Square and Holborn each about 5 min walk away) with buses running right past the door of the hotel. Area was very nice and quiet yet only minutes away from Convent Garden/ Soho etc. Right next door are Pret, Cafe Nero, Costa and a Tesco express. All very handy. 8 minutes walk to the Waitrose in the Brunswick Centre.Our kids spent a lot of time in the small but delightful playground in Bloomsbury Square which was about 2 minutes walk from the front door. 5 min walk to the British Museum.I solved the laundry problem by handwashing and hanging up in the bathroom.My only quibble is that the WiFi had very patchy reception - and mostly none at all in our room. It was fine in the hotel lobby, but this was not always convenient to use (can't leave kids alone in the room at night). All in all, it was absolutely wonderful and we were very sad to leave.	
Jul 26 2009 	Decent Hotel but variable level of service	We got the basement disabled room at first too, but asked for a different room and got a large quiet room on the 6th floor. The room was nice and clean, but the service people forgot to leave things like water bottles, milk, etc. We never got any biscuits. Were there supposed to be biscuits? There was no fridge either. Having an air conditioner was great! The Tesco was handy. I also enjoyed Hummous Brothers and Sainsbury's. We found a Marks and Spencers within walking distance as well. And of course the British Museum was great! I enjoyed the Sir John Soane Museum as well. These are all within a 10-20 minute walk from the hotel. I had planned to take the subway, but as there was a subway strike while we were there, I took the bus. It was fun! I got lost a couple of times, but learned how to take the bus quickly. People are quite helpful. I recommend you purchase an Oyster card. Great value! Most museums are by donation and they also serve quality food. I enjoyed the Crypt cafeteria just off Trafalgar Square and the National Portrait Gallery. The Canadian Consulate office is at Trafalgar Square as well.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice hotel comfortable bed	The room was surprisingly nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable, but unfortunately it is too small. And there is only one duvet (double) in the bed, which is rather annoying. If you are below 180 cm and sleeping alone, you will be fine. Good location - the underground and bus stops are near by.	
Jul 12 2009 	Well run hotel close to British Museum	The hotel is clean and well run, we stayed for one night in July and had breakfast included in our package. The room was small but adequate with a tiled bathroom and air conditioning - (too loud to have on at night which caused the room to get hot and stuffy by morning). I'm glad I didn't have to stay more than one night as the pillows were too hard for me to get a good nights' sleep, although my wife slept soundly on them.The hotel is within easy walking distance of the British Museum (5-10 mins) and Tottenham Court Road / Charing Cross Road (15-20 mins). Although the hotel states it is closer to Russell Square underground station it is infact closer to Holborn underground station and I'd advise gettting off here for the short walk up Southampton Road. On the left hand side of Southampton Row just before the hotel (on the right) is Victoria House - a large imposing victorian stone building, now the headquaters of Amway.We tried the bar and there was a fair selection of drinks even if they were fairly highly priced. The breakfast was served in the restaurant area, a buffet style cooked breakfast - again another hot room with little ventilation - with a good selection to choose from, including vegetarian sausage, white and black pudding. My only gripe about breakfast was that the plates were too small to fit everything on.As for the price it was fair for the time of year and being a weekend, the hotel looked as if they'd done well to fill their books with paying guests.	
Jul 10 2009 	reasonable hotel for the price	This was my fourth staying at this hotel, so I was well aware of its ups and downs. I managed to find a good deal by booking directly with the hotel's Web site: GBP 98 per night. For less than a hundred quid, this hotel is a fine choice. You're probably wondering why you need to pay an extra 20 quid compared to the GBP 78 per night tariff of the Imperial hotel, which is just a hundred yards away (see my review of the Imperial). The Park-Inn hotel offers:*An in-room safe *Air-conditioning. *An amazing buffet breakfastThese little conveniences make your staying more relaxed and comfortable.The staff aren't extremely friendly but they are efficient and prompt. I got a single room on the fourth floor. It was a very quiet and reasonably-sized room. I noticed that the air-conditioner filter was cluttered with dust, which apparently the hotel staff never clean. It's not just a health risk for guests but also increases the hotel's energy bills. It's about time to clean those allergy-inducing filters! The maids were rather sloppy. One day they forgot to leave milk sachets in my room, the other days it was the biscuits that were missing but there's no need to get upset. Simply call Reception they'll re-stock your room promptly.The hotel has a gym which I never had time to visit and a few other amenities and services mostly useful for business travelers.As said, the breakfast is the main attraction. It's always been a rich and appetizing experience but it's even got better since last year. They now offer a wide selection of vegetarian dishes, Danish pastries, cereals, soft and hard cheese, yogurt, coffee, tea, chocolate and fruit. For non-vegetarians the choice is even wider, including black pudding.In conclusion, if you can get a good deal, this hotel will not disappoint you whether you're looking for leisure or you're on a business trip.	
Jul 7 2009 	minor niggles - overall very good	nice weekend in the park inn, but a couple of minor niggles. Onn arrival at 3.30 pm our room was not ready so we were asked to come back later. It being a hot afternoon we walked along Southampton row and headed down into Queens Square just behind and sat outside a pub and listened to some great jazz at a astreet party. We returned at 4.30 and the room was still not ready. didnt get in until 4.45, not much of an apology and maybe a drink at the bar would have eased the situation, but room nice and clean on the front of the hotel so overlooking very busy road. Room soundproofed but bathroom not sp keep bathroom door closed. For some reason the management insists that all guests have their own personal saunas in the rooms, much too hot. cannot open the window due to noise so switch on noisy air con units.Other than that the breakfast fine and the staff friendly if not profficient in the Queens english. Nice base would stay again.	
Jul 6 2009 	Good value - really ?	I booked two rooms 3 months ahead, and was given a room on 1st floor and one on 5th floor. &quot;The hotel is fully booked&quot;, said the receptionist. The room on 1st floor was designed for disabled people, hence having a very big bathroom with no bath tub. Shower stream was weak. Unlike other guests, we were not given any shampoo or bath gel. Internet was expensive - 5 pounds per hour. Can't really agree with other's comment on its value for money. Good location - yes.	
Jul 5 2009 	What have they done to The Bonnington!!!	I have stayed here a lot in the past on business (when it was The Bonnington) - It wasn't the nearest hotel to where I worked, but it was such a great hotel that I'd prefer to travel across London than stay anywhere else. Hence, I thought - a weekend away with my better half the other week - obvious choice, The Bonnington/Park Inn. Oh, what a let-down!The wonderful, friendly staff that the hotel once had (it's biggest asset) appear to have been replaced by folk who didn't seem to want to even have to speak to paying guests (and who certainly don't want to deal with a problem if you have one!)....... The breakfasts seem to have shrunk beyond belief....... the signage at the front now looks cheap and nasty....... Don't bother asking anything of the staff on the desk, as they know nothing of the area etc.......... I could go on........ OK, the room was clean (though tiny - and the aircon was less than useless). If a clean room and good location are all you want in a hotel (and you get a good internet deal - ie don't pay more than £90 for a dbl room with breakfast) then this hotel is fine.........It's just a shame to see a really great hotel that The Bonnington once turn into this. I guess that if you didn't stay here when it was The Bonnington you'll have no idea of how great and how friendly the hotel once was compared to how it is now - but for guests that stayed there when it was The Bonnington and are expecting the same, or better, you'll be sorely disappointed!	
Jul 4 2009 	Above our expectations	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights with our one year old baby. We got a business room with a baby cot. The room was big it had a new LCD screen a safe a fridge. The bathroom was new too. Everything was clean and the staff was terrific. We had a problem with the safe and someone came immediately to help us. Staff at the desk helped and answered each question we had politely (about routes, weather etc.)The breakfast was really good too. The location is great we took the picadilly line to Russell square station which has a few stairs and an elevator. There are many busses from the hotel and two tube stations close by. Near the hotel you there are many cafes and a small park for my baby. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice hotel good location but service left a lot to be desired	I arranged to stay in this hotel for my hen weekend with 7 of my girlfriends. I requested 4 rooms adjacent to each other to keep us all together. We did not get this and this was very annoying as I had made a point of emailing the hotel at the start of June to confirm my reservation and re-stating my request for adjacent rooms. We arrived at 12pm and I went to check in but was told I was too early. We had reservations for afternoon tea at 12.30 so we left our bags and went out. We got back to the hotel at 4 to check in. We were advised that one of the rooms was still not ready so the two girls still waiting on a room shared ours for 15 mins or so. The key was handed in to us by another of our party who had had to move rooms. The reason for having to move rooms was that the receptionist had actually booked them into someone else's room. When they entered there were other peoples belongings all over the room - talk about security! So for what was supposed to be 4 rooms together we had 3 on one floor but corridors apart and one room on the next floor above. Breakfast was good. There was plenty of choice and the food was replenished quickly. The check out policy was not very clear. On the back of the card they give you at check in the check out time is 11am and when the day before we arrived I phoned to check times they told me 11am. When actually checking in they said 12pm. I quizzed the girl on when exactly check out was because I didn't want to be charged for another nights stay. She told me that check out was at 11 but we could check out by 12pm. Confusing!I would recommend this hotel because of its location but definitely not the service. It's 5 minutes walk from Holborn tube station and about the same to Russell Square. It's also about 5-10mins from Oxford Street. Very convenient.	
Jun 15 2009 	had a memorable trip	hi we stayed at the park inn, russell square, london, have to say i would stay again and reccommend the hotel. we are all one family 8 of us, included are 3 twenty year olds. we all enjoyed the location, we walked to oxford street, got the open top bus., purchased tickets at the hotel, staff very polite and helpful. room very clean, towel change every day. buffet breakfast with great variety, so thanks to the staff of the park inn hotel for our very enjoyable stay.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotel to stay close to Covent Garden	This is a very reasonable priced hotel to stay close to Covent Garden, British Museum and Dominion Theatre, among others. I booked this hotel because of the great reviews I have read here and it is close to the Dominion Theatre where the musical, &quot;We will rock you&quot; was being played. It is a newly refurbished hotel with modern furniture. The room is a bit small but what do you expect in cosmopolitan London. What's impt. is that it is clean and feels new. It is close to Russell square train station. It's about a 5 minutes walk only to the hotel. From the airport, you can get the train going to Paddington and go down at Russell square.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very comfortable room	The room was nicely furnished, and had a very comfortable bed, aircon that worked well, &amp; a roomy bathroom. Excellent staff - especially the concierges. The breakfast was much better than I've come to expect from London hotels. You could, however, get a lot of breakfast for £16.50 from, e.g. Carluccio's or the Forum Cafe (depending on what sort of breakfast you fancy), both just a few minutes' walk away... Overall, though - a really good hotel. I'll definitely book again when I'm next in Bloomsbury.	
May 24 2009 	Good Location - Pity about the Service	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. Found the location of the hotel to be good, within a short walking distance from the British Museum and 2 tube stations. The room however was tiny, the breakfasts were below average and worst of all, the staff were mostly unfriendly, unhelpful and clearly very unhappy to be working there.	
May 18 2009 	Excellent all Round	Loved this Hotel. It was near everything. With Direct trains to heathrow 2 mins away. The staff were very helpful and th room was lovely. the hotel has just been done up so everything is great!! The only downside is the bathroom is a bit on the small side but the rest of the gotel makes up for this. The breakfast is to die for with a choice of everything!!!! I will definately go back!!!!	
May 13 2009 	Best London hotel I have ever stayed in	I recommend this hotel in every category. It has been totally refurbished and everything is up to the minute and spotlessly clean. Great breakfasts, helpful staff. Best of all is the location - hard to beat at this price and standard. Easy access to everywhere. We will be going back here again and again. Superb value for money.	
May 4 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in late April. Located in Southampton Road, is near the British Museum and Russell Square. 2 tube stations near: Russell Square and Holborn (Piccadilly line – blue tube line), both 5 minutes walking. It’s a great location to Covent Garden, Soho and the theatres… Oxford Street/ Regent Street is just 10 to 15 min walking.The building seems old, but has been renovated recently. The lobby is normal and staff quite nice. We stayed in a Business-friendly room. Has a “private” lobby on the back of the hotel, where you can have a drink or relax a little (the space is nothing special!) and access the fitting room.The room is similar to the website hotel photos: Flat TV, nice bed, renovated bathroom and many amenities, like bottled water, teas, coffee, decaf, hot chocolate, milk… an empty fridge to put whatever we want, bathrobe, slippers, … In the bathroom you have shower gel, shampoo and body lotion. Not tooth paste or brush (asked at the reception and the hotel doesn’t have available…)Definitely a hotel that I’ll return.	
Apr 9 2009 	Don't tell too many people!	A great hotel in a great location. The room was very clean and the bed was really comfortable. The breakfast was lovely. The price of the drinks in the bar was on a par with the pubs if not a bit cheaper. We got this on a deal through yeego and paid about £87 for the night including breakfast. If you want a quality hotel at an affordable price then this is the hotel for you. The only fault was that some of the staff could have been more friendly, but hey ho!	
Apr 7 2009 	Nice Hotel for my 30th	It was my 30th and we were returning from Disneyland in Paris so wanted a nice hotel to end the holiday with having stayed at the Disney New York Hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel, which was quite late evening we were efficiently checked in and upgraded free of charge as it was my birthday, thank you Park Inn. We went to our room, I agree with a previous review, smallest elevator I have ever been in, more like a casket! Room was fine however it was a twin and quite a small room. After returning to reception I was advised that there were no doubles available for that grade of room and they weren't going to upgrade me again to the next grade for free, fair enough so I paid and got a exec business friendly room. The room was fantastic, large and recently renovated with a modern feel. It was at the back of the hotel, overlooking an inner court yard so was very peaceful. Beautiful bathroom with rainfall shower head. The biggest bed I have ever slept in and very comfy, lots of cushions! Massive flat screen T.V. , tea/coffee facilities, (in a drawer!) and a fridge, though they do not offer a mini bar facility at the hotel. To say we were pleased would be an understatement. Breakfast was plentiful and was included in our rate. The location was excellent, 10-15 minutes from the Westend and Covent Garden. Plenty of good restaurants and pubs in vacinity. Would recommend and would stay there again!	
Apr 5 2009 	Adequate	We arrived early and left our luggage with the concierge while we went out for the afternoon. When we returned our room was changed without us being told why. Room 337 was clean but rather small; there was hardly space to get round the bed and the bed was very short - I'm 5'11&quot; and my feet hung over the end!The room had uniformly grey panelled walls with no pictures and the floor sloped quite noticeably. The window opened onto an inner enclosed area where a flue of some sort made a constant noise day and night making it impossible to sleep with the windows open. Having the room's air conditioning on to compensate was equally noisy making a good night's sleep impossible. Had we been there for longer than two nights we would have insisted on changing our room.Everything was very clean, the bathroom was spotless but the handbasin was the smallest and shallowest I've ever seen.Our package included continental breakfast but we had the full English cooked breakfast(a £16.50 option) the second morning without being charged. I've never had chicken sausages before! The public areas are a bit austere but fairly recently decorated and clean. The bar is nothing special but at least I was able to have lime in my G&amp;T. A smile from the staff behind the desk would have been welcome but the concierge was very helpful throughout our short stay.Would we stay there again? No. The Park Inn just didn't have any character and there are plenty of alternatives.It was convenient for the theatre and Covent Garden and there are useful shops nearby if needed otherwise it was 'adequate'.	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice hotel very close to British Museum	My husband and I stayed here for two nights. It was an easy walk from the Holborn tube station. We were unable to check in early, but were able to stow our luggage at no charge. The hotel has elevators, but they were two of the smallest ones we've ever seen. The room was small, but very clean and cozy. The bed, although very comfortable, seemed quite short. We did not eat in the hotel, but there are plenty of breakfast options close by. The concierge was helpful, giving us great directions and recommending a nearby pub one evening for dinner (The Swan).	
Mar 28 2009 	Great location clean rooms great value - useless concierge	Stayed here for two nights on a trip to London. It was very easy to get to from Gatwick and Victoria station--both the Holborn and Russell Square tube stations are close. Check in was easy and the staff was friendly if a little distant.Room itself was not too large, but as a solo traveler, I had requested a single bed so mine may well have been smaller than most. Flat screen TV, clean and spacious bathroom, warm shower, enough room to unpack and unwind. Bed was comfortable and very clean and made for a good night's sleep.Location around the hotel is very safe and secure--no worries at night alone. Steps away from the British Museum, which was lovely; also a Tesco and some other shops right outside the door which made for quick snacks and breakfast to eat in Russell Square. Did not check out the restaurant but it looked rather pricey, but then again, this is London! The bar was nothing special and open til 2300.Only complaint would be the terrible concierge who was constantly away from the desk--I waited on two occasions for nearly ten minutes and he/she -still- was nowhere to be found. Any advice and directions had to be tackled on my own, which was not too hard once I got my bearings but I expected much better.On the whole however, a good and relaxing stay at a good price. Quieter than West End but still close to all the action, and for only $85usd a night in March, it exceeded my expectations at that price point, which makes it a great value.	
Mar 24 2009 	great stay	great hotel if you are looking for one close to theatre land, and also excellent if you want to be able to walk to tourist sites such as covent garden,the river,oxford st plus shops.Check in was execellent room clean breakfast fresh and nice, would go back no problem.	
Mar 16 2009 	Very nice hotel. Great location.	We spent 4 nights in this hotel. We couldn't fault it. The bedrooms appear to have been very recently refurbished and our bedroom was spotlessly clean and comfortable. We had a very quiet room and slept very well. The staff weren't that friendly but that didn't bother us at all as we had no dealings with them. Breakfast which was included in our package was very nice - the usual: fruit, cereals, cooked breakfasts, breads, yoghurts and really nice coffee (for a hotel!). The Tesco Express next door was very handy! We were only a 5 minute walk to Holborn tube station on the Piccadilly line and a 5 minute walk to Covent Garden. We found a beautiful café/restaurant for lunch, called Cafe Mode on Endell street (5 minute walk from hotel). We would definitely stay here again when we return to London! Enjoy!	
Mar 9 2009 	Brilliant location and value for money	Walked to the hotel from Euston Station in ten minutes. Check-in was simple enough. We had a standard twin room which was although not huge was adequate for our needs and clean and most importantly quiet. The hotel is surrounded by shops, cafe's and restaurant and the walk to Theatreland, Covent Garden etc. was a mere ten minutes. Breakfast was hot and plentiful with a good choice and on Sunday is served till 11.00am. We asked the Concierge how long it would take to walk to Marylebone St. to Mme Tussauds and he offered to book our tickets for us avoid the queue and also recommended that we visit Regent's Park afterwards as it is so beautiful and literally around the corner, which we did and he was absolutely right. The Hotel staff were happy to keep our luggage after we checked out free of charge, until late afternoon when our train was due. Will definitely stay there again and recommend.	
Mar 3 2009 	Perfect base for exploring London	I stayed in this hotel with 5 other friends for 1 night. The staffs are all very nice and one of them even ask my boyfriend about manga (since we are Asians). The hotel is just 5-10 mins walk from the tube station, and can get you anywhere. There is also big Sainsbury just opposite the station where you can get all your essentials. The lobby is not very attractive but the room is excellent with comfortable beds and a little desk. Bathroom is considered big in london standard. We got this hotel as top secret from lastminute.com so it was a good deal. The only negative thing is the view from our room. It is facing some sort of concrete blocks and pipeworks. I would stay there again if the price stays the same :)	
Mar 2 2009 	Good hotel in excellent location	Stayed here on the weekend of the 21st Feb,as it was close to convent garden/leister sqaure area(15min walk) and handy for the tube from heathrowe as its on the picadilly line al the way to holburn station which is litteraly 5 mins walk away.Got a good deal on an buissness room(exceutive) for two nights including breakfast which if not included in your overall package is 16.50 per person extra on a room only basis.The hotel is easy to find as the park inn sign sticks well out onto the footpath and is very noticable from a distance.Anyway arrived early sat mornning too early to check in to our room as check in is 2 o clock,however we where able to registor and leave our bags at reception.The hotel is surrounded by cafes,bars and restuarants and 5 yards from the nearest news agent and even has a flower shop located next door!!!! We eventually checked in late that night after samplying some good drink nearby.Unfornuately some of the forgein staff are not that attentive and sent us off looking for our room rather than pointing us in the right direction.The room was small but perfectly formed with a huge comfortable queen size bed, 32inch LCD screen, fridge,tea coffee, bottled water, iron, trouser press and safe.The bathroom was clean and modern and the power shower was great. Robes were also provided for our comfort.The hotel rooms have just underwent major renovation,however the main entrance reception area needs to be freshened up perhaps the next phase of the Project.The bar was small but adequate although we did'nt venture in. Breakfast was good with large choice from fruit to full english,i liked the various choices of sausages vegetarian,chicken and pork of course a nice touch.All in all i recomend this hotel for its location and moderate comfort especially if you get a good deal on line.We booked with hotel.com.Its ideallyy placed from the local tube stop which is easy accesible to heathrowe and central london.If your trravelling to london looking for a good deal and using public transport you wont go far wrong here!!	
Feb 18 2009 	For business only!!	We just spent Valentines night at the hotel and although it was understandably a busy time the service was appauling. We queued to check in for about 20 mins (very inefficient). The alarm was going off constantly because the kitchen had burnt something but this was going off while people were trying to eat their romantic dinner for 2!Although we upgraded to the room with the &quot;fluffy slippers&quot; we were very disappointed. The room was small and poorly laid out and the Double bed was very small/short. Might be okay for a business man but certainly not for a romantic night away. We had to queue for 15 mins to get in for breakfast in the morning and then when we finally got a table there was hardly any hot breakfast ready. Many people were complaining about the hotel about the hotel but saying that the staff were friendly and helpful if not properly trained!!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location Good Price Overall Great Experience	Great location. There are several tube stations within walking distance. We found the Holburn tube station to be the closest. There were lots of restaurants, shopping and bars within walking distance. We would walk to the Covent Garden area and Leicester Square area and it was about a 10 minute walk. The room was small, but not any smaller than standard European hotel rooms. It had very nice decor, the bed (double) was very comfortable for both my husband and I, a nice flat screen t.v., clean room. We found the breakfast to have a little of everything- eggs, bacon, fruit, cereal, bread, meat &amp; cheese, juices, yogurt, vegetarian options, etc, very good. We were pleased with the quality of the food offered for breakfast. It was a great deal because our room rate included breakfast, if it didn't we probably would have eaten somewhere else. (due to the cost) I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to travellers looking for a good location, good prices, and good service.	
Feb 2 2009 	Can I give it three and a half?	Stayed 1 night on business and for that the hotel has a great location. Tourists would also find the location to be very good. Check in was for 2 o'clock and having arrived at half past 1 thought we would get staright in. No such luck and they seem very particular about early check ins. Luckily the area has plenty of bars, cafes and restaurants so it was easy enough to fill half an hour. Reception staff were very cheery and helpful so no problems there. The room I had was on the first floor and had no view whatsover, in fact I would say it was ugly from my window. Although the room itself was small, especially if there had been a second person staying in it, it was neat, tidy, modern and i suspect recently refurbished. The bathroom was of a good size also. The room had a nice flat screen TV, discreet built in wardrobe and I found the bed very comfy.On returning to the hotel late at night the bar staff were also happy to rustle up a couple of plates of sandwiches without any trouble.All in all, I think if a good deal could be had I would recommend this to others.	
Feb 2 2009 	Park Inn - excellent	The Park Inn, Russell Square is the refurbished Bonnington Hotel. The bedroom and en-suite bathroom had recently been refurbished and were excellent. It was large, quiet and decorated to a high standard. The breakfast buffet had a large selection, was well cooked and hot. The only downside was the tacky hotel sign and lacklustre foyer (? waiting to be re-furbished). The staff were excellent and very helpful. We did not take the tube or a taxi anywhere - we were walking distance to the theatres, to Oxford Street and Mayfair, to Euston station and the British Museum. We will stay again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Good location - unexciting	I have stayed at the Park Inn (previously the Bonnington) many times over the years because and only because of its very convenient location for my work.The revamp has improved it, but the rooms are still very variable - the Business rooms are good but usually I only need a clean bed to sleep in and OK breakfast and that's what I get. In other words it's not a place I would ever take my wife for a weekend break because its very basic, but it is a place I stay when all I really need is a clean bed to sleep in. If I am there and likely to be in the room for longer I prefer Grange Holborn, Grange Town House, The Academy or Montague on the Gardens - all of which are close by.So over the years I have had rooms with space (this week) , tiny rooms (two or three times) a very prison like dark room (once) a noisy room (over Southampton Row) (only once) and so on.Staff also seem to turnover very quickly - I never seem to see the same face twice'.On a final note - I'm not sure why they call it Russell Square when it's not in Russell Square ! Presumably because it's one of the nearest tube stations ?	
Jan 17 2009 	Hard to fault	Booked for business trip. Hotel is clean and very efficient. Staff are only too happy to help e.g. for bag drop. Rooms can be small but have been recently renovated in a very plush way i.e. boutique style wood cladding. Beds and pillows are very comfortable. There are lots of interesting technical quirks or thoughtful gadgets. Your room card has to go into a slot or the lights won't work. I wandred around for ages in the dark trying to turn the lights on. When I turned what I thought was the light in the bathroom, the sound of the television / radio came on. A retractable towel wire is over the bath and the plugs have to be pushed in to get them to pop out. The blinds are electric. I had great fun twiddling and messing with things.Local pubs are very good - try The Museum opposite the British Museum or the Swan down an alley right out of hotel exit. Five real ales on tap and good wine. Italian food good near hotel also.	
Jan 10 2009 	Perfect for the trip	The purpose of the trip was my friend and I to see a gig at the o2 arena but also to do the usuals of Oxford Street, Leicester Square etc. Wanted to stay in a hotel that was going to be nice for once (only ever stayed in cheap hotels before). This fitted the bill perfectly.It's approxiamately a 5-10 minute walk from Holborn Tube station, we arrived here that way. And 2 minute walk from the the no.7 bus stop that takes you to Paddington Station for only around £2, bargin and cheaper than the tube and you get to see some of the sights on the way, we departed this way.The hotel is about a 20minute walk from the beginning of Oxford Street. There appeared to be some nice cafe, sandwich places nearby too but we did not eat in any of them. A Tesco express was rightnext door.The hotel its self was lovely. Very easy check in. The concierge was very helpful, gave us a street map and explained how to get to Oxford Street and gave us a list of the bus routes, explained which one to get and gave us directions to the stop.We had a standard twin room. We got a good deal on it as got it as a 'top secret room' on lastminute.com. I thought the room was lovely. A perfect size for me and my friend. Room nicely decorated and lots of scatter cushions!!! Bathroom was also lovely, with a great shower (didn't want to get out!). Our room faced out onto the road so it was nice to see what was going on in the street below but the windows kept the noise out. One touch I liked was that you could control the temperature of the room. I would definately recommend to stay there however if you wanted a room just because ou were going to a gig at the o2 I would suggest going closer to the arena.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Low Cost Hotel	I often stay at this fantastic low cost hotel when on business in London. Staff are friendly but not over baring, rooms are clean, well equipped &amp; modern if a little on the small side. The only thing this hotel lacks is free internet access, I generally dont stay at hotels that charge for internet access but this ones an exception to the rule. Go visit !	
Jan 5 2009 	Very impressed	I booked this hotel as it was near the theatre which I was taking my sister to for her 40th birthday surprise. I didn't know anything about it but the location was spot on and the price was the cheapest I could find for the area.I was a little dubious as I haven't had great experiences at London hotels but this was by far the best. We got to the hotel a little early hoping to store our cases but were told our room was alreay available. We had a standard twin room on the first floor. It was one of the newly refurbished rooms and the standards were excellent, even down to lighting and heating in the wardrobe! The location is fantastic being so close to 2 tube stations, 2 min walk to the British Museum and 10 min walk to Covent Garden and also only 5 mins walk to the Theatres at Aldwich. We only spent time in our room when we were sleeping but the little added touches like the electric blinds and very thick curtains helped no end. The air con/heating was very responsive and made for a very comfortable nights sleep.Breakfast the next morning was inlcuded in our pricing and was more than sufficient. There was a selection of cereals and continental items as well as a full english buffet and numerous different types of bread for toasting.We loved this place and I will definately return next time I visit London.	
Jan 1 2009 	Reasonable hotel - worth considering	Stayed at the Park Inn Russell Square for 3 nights, 29th Dec to 1st Jan 2009.Booked the hotel via net for £89 a night (which we thought was good for over NYE) - standard room only. Was pleased to be upgraded by reception to a business room with complimentary breakfast on check-in (this put me in a good mood with the hotel straight away!!).Room was on 5th floor right next to lift. Not a huge room but adequate enough for sleeping and relaxing. Had small seating area with tv at one end then bed with another tv at other, wardrobe and ensuite in the middle of the room. Furnishings felt a bit ikeaish but reasonable quality. Bathroom was mixer tap shower over bath, basin and loo. Cleanliness excellent. Our major complaint (which I think has been mentioned elsewhere in reviews) was the length of the bed - it was much shorter than a standard double! Consequently, sleeping out stretched for me and hubby meant ankles dangling over the end. Not sure why the hotel doesnt have standard length bed in this room - was plenty of space for another 4-5inches! Bizarre!5th floor and hotel in general was very quiet. No noise from street even though it was NYE!Breakfast was filling. Both cooked and continental on offer. Replenishment of danish pastries and fruit was lacking on all three mornings - definitely first come, first served! Loads of everything else. Considering we got breakfast for free we were pretty happy with the quality - I think our opinions might have been different had we chosen to pay the £16.50 per person per breakfast tariff.Reception staff were functional - not overly friendly but not obnoxious either. We didnt however feel any particular warmth from any of the staff we encountered during our stay - smiles were hard to come by! However, we dont go on holiday to make friends with the hotel staff so it didnt really bother us.Location of the hotel was fantastic for us. 15-20mins walk from covent garden, tube at holborn less than 5 mins walk and euston station 10mins walk. A few shops and restaurants surround the hotel on Southampton Row (yes it might be called Russell Square but isnt actually on Russell Square). Best bet for food is Covent garden - two restaurants that we really love are Masala Zone on Floral street and Fire and Stone on Maiden Lane.Overall, get this hotel at the right price and you'll be pleased with what it has to offer. For those looking to splurge the cash, looking elsewhere might be worthwhile.	
Dec 15 2008 	spacious clean good location	My husband and I had a pleasant experience at the Park Inn Hotel. The front desk had upgraded our room to a suite with no extra charge when we arrived. Our room had a small living room ( couch, desk and flat screen) , nice bathroom and a decent size bedroom ( comfy bed, big closet and another flat screen) . Great size overall considering most rooms in London are small. The concierge was extremely nice and booked our tours in advance. The hotel is between Holbern and Russel Square- you can get off on either one . The British Museum is two blocks away and there are a lot of restaurants near by - Indian food, Italian, Thai and cute cafes near the Britsh Museum. The hotel is cleaner and more modern than the other hotels near by that were going for the same rate. I would defintely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2008 	Staff need to go to the USA for customer care training	I have been staying at the Park Inn/Bonnington since 2002 and for between 5 to 9 times a year (sometimes taking 20 people with me). The location is very convenient for my business trips and it is always fairly comfortable.As I always have to work I insist on having one of what they formerly called 'executive wing' bedrooms (numbered 7XX) as they are bigger and have a proper desk, spare desk and two phones. These rooms are not to be confused with the so called 'business friendly rooms' which are hopeless and the desk consists of a small shelf between the bedroom and the bathroom! I don't care about the music in the shower - please!The problem was, despite obtaining a special note to have one of the 7XX rooms, the front desk staff try to rip you off. Three out of the four of us arrived at midday after an overnight flight from the US and were told we had to wait until 2.00 pm. The fourth arrived at 12.30 and was given a 7XX straight away. When we returned at 2.00 they tried to give us normal rooms and so the arguing began with two very rude members of staff. They reluctantly offered a 7XX to our colleague but not my wife and I (none available they said). But we stood our ground and they stomped off out to the back room behind the counter and when they came back lo and behold they had a 7XX room but our colleague had to wait until 4.30 pm to get into her room.Their excuse at one point was that if they gave these rooms to everyone who asked for them the guest swould not come back unless they were given one of these rooms??No this is not worth 4 stars but someone at Park Inn needs to re-train these rude people of get rid of them.	
Dec 15 2008 	Good	Just back from 2 night weekend stay. Location excellent – 5 min walk to Holborn tube – 15 min walk to Covent Garden. Our room had been redecorated and was nice &amp; clean and bigger than other London hotel rooms I stayed in before. I’d say average enough hotel but you spend so little time in the hotel anyway that’s its fine with what it is. Summarise – clean, excellent location, friendly staff, affordable – I would stay here again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Mixed bag	I tend to use other hotels in this area, but at short notice I thought I'd give the Park Inn a go as the room rate was competitive.Decent clean room, reasonably well laid out, not too warm, not too cold. Arrive late-ish in the evening, and ordered some pretty decent room service, which arrived quickly.Comfortable bed. Slept well.Then the downside. Got up in the morning to find a huge cockroach in the bath. Having disposed of it then found the bath didn't drain properly when I had my shower. I know that all older properties (and some new properties) can occasionally have &quot;bugs&quot; but it was a bit offputting. To be fair the management dealt with the issue quickly and sympathetically (and discounted my meal from my stay),The hotel says it has a gym. It's pretty basic to say the least.Overall: a functional hotel, but nothing special. And if bugs are a problem, I'll be going elsewhere	
Dec 10 2008 	Disappointed!	Six of us booked an overnight stay at the Park Inn to finished off the 'Company Do'! The receptionist asked us if we would like the good news or the bad news first! They had upgraded two of the rooms (that was the good the good news) the bad news was it only applied for two couples! My husband and I drew the short straw so complained and eventually got a suite on the same floor as our friends! After eating at a lovely Italian restaurant around the corner we went back to the hotel for a night cap and decided to look at eachothers suites before retiring. Each had a balcony, two had loft bedrooms (one of which we had been given). The bathroom in ours looked nicely decorated until we used the bath in the morning! The hand rail nearly came off in my hand and the knobs for the taps/shower did come off in my hand! We couldn't adjust the heating so the bedroom stayed unbearably warm all night long. In the morning we noticed some white stains on the throw over the bed and some on the couch in the lounge! Even though we had been upgraded I started to wonder if the first room that we had been offered would have been better. Luck of the draw you might say but for the cost we think it wasn't worth it.Breakfast in the morning was average too, again we expected more for our money.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great value for money - pleasantly surprised!	I have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel and am writing a review as I felt it was great value for money. My friend and I stayed here for a girls weekend away - we booked an executive twin room and were not disappointed. The room looked like it had recently been decorated, very modern fixtures and fittings. The bathroom again was the same! We were provided with fluffy white bathrobes, coffee, tea, water, biscuits, coffee machine....but no kettle (we just drank coffee anyway so this didn't bother us). An ironing board and iron were also available in the room as was a tv and cd player. We both thought the choice at breakfast was good - a full range of cereals and cooked breakfast. We both have quite high standards when it comes to food and again we can't complain at all about the buffet breakfast. Staff were friendly and helpful. We checked out on Sunday at 12 and were able to leave our bags there until later on in the day when we were leaving for our journey home. Locationwise - it is fairly central, near Holburn Tube and walking distance to Covent Garden. We paid approx. £130 each for a two night stay. Finally, I will definitely consider staying here again when I return to London and I would highly recommend.	
Nov 18 2008 	Think it was better as the Bonnington	I was booked into this hotel by my employer for 2 nights, having stayed there a few times before (but not for a couple of years). It was fine, but nothing really special. I was happy to stay there because it is well situated for where I need to be, and I have always felt safe staying there. I do think however that it has moved slightly downmarket in the changeover from the Bonnington to the Park Inn. It might just be me, but I think that first of all the new hotel sign (Park Inn) looks a bit cheap! And the old engraved Bonnington sign is still clearly visible. Check in was fine, but when I later went to reception to ask a question, they were a bit unhelpful and disinterested. My single room was OK, but the bed seemed very small. However it was clean and presentable and the bathroom was very nice. The bedroom was far too warm and I was glad to be in an inner room where I could leave the window open. I only ate breakfast in the restaurant. Again, it was fine, although it was difficult to attract attention to get coffee. That's the best word to describe the hotel now really - fine - nothing more, nothing less.	
Nov 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel 	Was staying for one night on Business, have previously stayed in Holborn area at the Hoxton but that was full so thought I would try this. Liked the location straight away, there is a Tesco Metro next door and all down the same road there is almost every branded coffee shop possible (Starbucks, Cafe Nero, Costa Coffee, etc) Entered the hotel and was warmly greeted by the concierge, checked in and the lady on reception was friendly enough, walked into the room I was given, only to be greeted with a pair of shoes in front of me on the floor, looked around and although the room was dark then noticed a jumper etc, quickly shut the door and went back to Reception, the same lady that checked me in, apologised, checked the system but couldn't understand how someone was in it.... This worried me and not only was I so glad no one was in there when I opened the door, I really hope she amended the system after that! It made me a bit paranoid when I then got given another room on the same floor, listening in at the door before I opened it and then putting the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on just in case! After all that opened the door to what they call a Business Friendly Room, it was great!! Not actually sure if it was given to me because of the error or that’s what was available but hey, it was lovely, seating area with flat screen TV, bedroom area around the corner with another flat screen TV and DVD player, bathrobes, slippers, toiletries, tea/coffee, bottled water &amp; biscuits etc...Was going to order room service as I was on my own but decided against it as the prices were not that cheap and my work budget is only £20 for dinner so went to the Tesco Metro next door instead and ate in my room.I had Breakfast in the restaurant, the staff were very friendly and welcoming and there was a huge amount of choice, different cereals, full hot breakfast, fruit, meats, different breads (you can toast yourself), different juices, tea/coffee/hot chocolate etc, all well presented and tasted great!Overall despite what could have been an awful mishap the hotel was great, I would definitely stay again, room was clean, quiet, had everything I needed, food was lovely and the staff were very friendly.	
Nov 13 2008 	great modern hotel. good location	This hotel was booked for me as it was a business trip. this hotel is very modern and most of it has now been refurbished. the carpet in reception however still has the 'B' for Bonnington which i found a little odd. i stayed in a basic double room. i am only 5foot 4 but i did find the bed to be very short and my feet were almost hanging off the bottom. the speakers in the bathroom are fantastic and it was great to get ready in the morning listening to the news. the room was well equipped with a hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities and free toiletries. there was a nice touch of hot choclate being available too. the room was clean and very tidy. My colleague and I walked to covent garden which is a bit of a trek but if you are relatively healthy you can make it. i would recommend this hotel to anyone and i would definately stay there again	
Nov 12 2008 	Poor security at Park Inn Russell Sq.	This hotel has been reburbished by new owners Radisson but but in the Business Bedroom (Room 207) that we stayed in the safe was not attached to anything! Just positioned on a shelf within the wardrobe and anyone could have walked off with it and its contents!In the rerstaurant at breakfast a lady had her handbag stolen. The advice should be clearer - never leave a handbag unattended. The restaurant is open to the street and any passerby.The room temperature was fixed at 19minimum and was ver hot and could not be lowered. We opened the window but the traffic noise was bad.	
Oct 22 2008 	Found it a good all rounder	A first stay on a business trip, so perhaps why all 3 of us were given one of the newly refurbished rooms. Staff were quite friendly. The bar stayed open later than a lot of London hotel bars and the one bar staff working was pleasant. Although, a double room it was quite small and not enough space if a second person had been with me to comfortable get in and out of bed on one side as too close to wardrobe! Overlooking a courtyard, it was quiet. I did notice the length of the bed was smaller than normal but at 5ft 5 it was adequate for me. Bathroom and shower good with internal speaker system. Flat screen wall mounted TV with clear picture and pay to view film choices. Breakfast was self service with everything you would expect from fruit and cereal to full English and 3 different types of sausage. Will stay again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Scruffy London Town	Good location but general area of London depressingly dirty. Check in staff hopeless. None of the staff we encountered had English as a first language. Very offhand and struggled to find our booking. Staff in the bar equally useless. The room was acceptable, Look out for the mouse in the bar! Needless to say the staff were not interested. Do not intend to repeat the experience.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great hotel in super location.	Accommodation in London can be expensive, disappointing, out-of-the-way and poor value for money but not the Park-Inn Russell Square.This hotel is in a great central location &amp; on the tube line direct from Heathrow.Rooms (we booked 3) were plenty large enough, very clean &amp; well equipped with ironing facilities, toiletries, hair dryer, air-con, tea &amp; coffee facilities.Breakfast was plentiful, delicious and in a pleasant environment.Waterfalls restaurant was also delicious and extremely well priced at 17pounds for a 3 course evening meal + coffee.Staff wasn't the friendliest I've experienced but courteous &amp; efficient.Just outside the hotel is an abundance of small cafes &amp; restaurants (I noticed Italian, Indian, a sandwich shop, a coffee shop, convenience store, newsagent, a book store). Tube station is a 5 minute stroll and bus stop 50m up the road.	
Oct 13 2008 	The Park Inn	All in all a good hotel for the money. Location - excellent - pretty much equidistant from Holborn and Russell Square tube stations, which give good access to the rest of London. British Museum very close, and walkable to Covent Garden, and even Leicester Square and Oxford Circus if you're fit!Rooms - pretty good - remember there are 3 or 4 different standards of room - so careful which you book. Check the hotel website for details. Tea, coffee and biccies in the room - also iron and nice soaps in the bathroom. Good shower.A few other things are chargable - such as wifi internet - don't think this is clear on the hotel website.Didn't sample restaurant, but loads nearby, and bar is good.Would recommend!	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Value for Money - would recommend	I'm sure there are some truly sumptious places to stay in London and whilst the Park Inn may not be in the top ten for luxury, it is certainly premiere league for value for money. You get more than Travelodge or Premier Travel Inn and it's very similar in price. It's never going to be Claridges or the Ritz but it doesn't charge like they do. Stayed one night in room 419. The room looked recently refurbished as did the corridors on this floor. Carpet was nice with wooden border and all the bedroom doors looked like they were made of good quality wood. Only gripe about the corridor is it was very stuffy. Like I said earlier, bedroom was newly decorated. Bathrobes and slippers provided as well as bottled water, tea coffee, biscuits etc. The room was really large and would have been generous in other cities and even more so in London. I've stayed in other places that have cost so much more yet have been half the size. Other plus point include air conditioning which was very welcome, good toiletries in the bathroom and the technology to hear the tv when in there, full length mirror as well as dressing table and bathroom mirror as well as lots of electrical sockets. The night we were there, we heard little noise coming from other residents / outside.Minor things about the room - tv quite a distance from the bed. Bed itself seemed smaller than a standard double.The room was on the whole brilliant. The public areas of the hotel namely the reception are a little tired and the carpet has not been changed since the takeover of the new chain and still ahs the &quot;B&quot; symbol over it from when it was the Bonington. Reception staff weren't particularly friendly nor were they unprofessional. They did their job fine.Lifts are very small though. Four people with no luggage was cosy!Breakfast was good. Lots of choice and good quality. Mushrooms were beautifully golden brown and friend and not the usual mushy grey/black watery mess. I always judge a hotel breakfast on mushrooms and bacon! No mushrooms equal cheap as vegetarians only get egg and tomato. If there are mushrooms 2 stars but if they're done well 4 stars! The bacon was usual hotel salty pink and not crispy stuff. I guess when it's buffet bacon will never be crisp as it sits under the light stewing in the water it produces. Once again staff weren't overly friendly but they did the job. The feel of the restaurant was a little bit cafeteria like but for the price we paid, can't complain.All in all we were very pleased as the room was comfortable and spacious and the breakfast good quality so very good value for the £110 we paid.	
Aug 6 2008 	Couldn't have been better	10 of us stayed here for a surprise 50th Birthday. Emailed ahead to ask for a large bed as a memeber of our party was tall, arrived and they had been upgraded at no extra charge. Hotel upgraded the bithday boy as well, no charge.Rooms were spacious, clean and refurbished. Ordered breakfast in bed both mornings for a small charge of £2.50, arrived piping hot and everything we had asked for. Staff could not do enough for us. Location was fab, 10min walk from Euston, 20mins to Covent Garden, 20mins the Theatres, infact did not use the undergroud at all.	
Jul 13 2008 	Good Clean Modern Rooms in a Great Location but beware NOISE!	Paid for by Airmiles so not sure of the exact cost of a room here but expect it was around £120 looking at other websites. Perhaps for London that is cheap but you don't get a lot for your money in terms of room size....Slightly misleading with the Russell Square name as it's half way down Southampton Row between Holborn and Russell Square. Excellent position for visiting British Museum and West End although this does have it's downside - traffic noise!We were on the 6th floor (top) and even with the insulated windows it was still very noisy from the traffic at night. It took me hours to get to sleep and I don't usually have any problems but then again I don't normally have any traffic noise! Not a huge room but clean and nicely furnished with modern fittings to a good standard. I think it had one of those foam mattresses that form to your body - pretty comfy! Nice tea/coffee tray and toiletries. Breakfast was good although had it because it was included else it was a very steep £14+	
Jun 4 2008	Better than expected!	When we were planning our 25th anniversary &quot;once-in-a-lifetime&quot; trip back in October, the Bonnington Hotel jumped out at us. Though it was being remodeled, we felt sure it would be finished by our trip in late May, and that it would be better because of being recently renovated. We didn't know there would be a name change as well. I guess Park Inn bought out the Bonnington. We had locked in on prices back in October, but noticed the prices increased significantly in recent times. I don't think we could have afforded the increased prices, but we felt like we got lucky to get a post-renovation room and service at pre-renovation prices. But when we arrived, we were not at all disappointed.The hotel is completely non-smoking which makes it much more pleasant for non-smokers. There is air conditioning in each room, which makes it comfortable at night without having to open a window and hear outside noises. The room we booked for two was plenty large and had extras such as large LCD TV with DVD player, coffee pot and biscuits left each morning. We enjoyed a very clean bathroom, even including an electric towel warmer. On our last day, we found a terricloth bathrobe for each of us with slippers. As for service, we were very pleased. We got early check-in when we arrived in the morning, which was very helpful. We took a two-night trip out of London and needed to store our large bags, which was done without charge, and were there when we came back for another night. I had written an e-mail to ask about these needs a few days before arriving, and my e-mail was returned with all my questions answered. The consierge was very helpful in giving information about our activities and made calls for us and hailed us a taxi when needed.It did appear that this hotel caters to business customers, but we were very satisfied as tourists, and I would recommend the hotel for its service. It is a short walk to the tube stop, and buses pass there regularly.The only problem we had was with the air conditioner. The condensation began to leak from the ceiling and drip onto the floor. We reported the problem the next morning, and by the time we returned to the room, it was repaired.The breakfast was outstanding. When we reserved our room, the breakfast buffet was included, though it is only given now to business class rooms. It was very good and helped us get through the day.Check-in and check-out was quick and easy with no surprises. We ate one night at the restaurant, and the meal was delicious, though a bit expensive. I think you would enjoy your stay at the Park Inn, but I think you will pay a lot more now than we did. It certainly was worth the price WE paid. It was a good hotel with great service.	
May 18 2008 	Disastrous!	We have just returned from a business trip to London, where we stayed in the Park Inn Russell Square hotel for 3 nights. We booked this hotel after checking the reviews on this website. Unfortunately, our stay started off as a disaster! We had booked a superior room in this acc. to the hotels website 4 star hotel, well, it definitely isn't anywhere near a 4 star hotel. We asked for a quiet room and were appointed a very small (read: VERY small), dark, unpleasant room. Then we were given a bigger room (read: slightly bigger) with 2 windows instead of one TINY one. The room was OK (we thought we just misunderstood all the other reviewers) but then it turned out that the bed was far too short! The bed turned out to be only 1.80 m long and was too small to lie accross!!! My partner and I travel a lot and we had never experienced anything like this. When we approached the manager and requested another room it turned out that all the beds in the whole 214 room hotel were like this. Crazy! And it should be mentioned in the website! After a discussion at the front desk we were finally assigned to a REFURBISHED, FOUR STAR &quot;Business friendly&quot; room. And yes, this room had a normal bed. Back at the front desk to tell that we would accept this room we were asked to pay 30 Pounds per night extra as this room was more expensive. Of course we objected as we just asked for a normal bed (i.e. at least 2.00 m in length) and had expected to find just normal beds in this self rated four star hotel! As the front desk manager understood from us that we were not planning on paying extra fees, he made a call with the real manager and then finally (1.5 hrs later!!!!) it was OK. Nevertheless, we very much disliked the way we were treated and we will NEVER return to this hotel again. The staff of this hotel is as unpolite as you will hardly find in London anywhere else. P.S. Only 24 out of 214 rooms are refurbished and spacious as they suggest of all rooms at the hotel website.	
May 8 2008	Good Location	Only 10mins walk form Euston station and 10mins in the other direction to the theartres and Covent garden..We booked this hotel online and it was called the Bonnington,When we arrived it had been rebranded The Park Inn ,so we had a little dificulty finding it(would have been very easy had they informed us of the name change).Booking in was fine ,pleasant enough staff.We booked a petite double for 3 nights.The room was small but well equiped and most of the fittings looked new as the hotel had just undergone a major refit.Breakfast was wonderfull as good as I have had anywhere..As a base for exploring london it was terrific being only 2 minutes from Holborn and Russel Sq stations.Would stay there again without hesitation as long as its prices are as competetive under the new ownership. The only bad point about the hotel was the internal firedoors slammed very loudly during the night ,waking us up on ocasions.	
Apr 23 2008 	best room of our european vacation	Loved our room! We didn't get much of a view but the room was so comfortable we didn't mind. The room was large (especially for London). Linens were nice and the bathroom very big, super clean, and modern. The shower is pleasant and a towel warmer is available.The location was a great starting point for us too. There are plenty of cafes, restaurants and convenience stores nearby. We highly recommend Belgo Bierodrome for sweet mussels and beer. We were able to visit the British Museum a couple of times due to its proximity.We especially loved the strong free wifi!Outlets have switches one them. Don't forget to flip them on when charging cameras/phones/etc.	
Apr 21 2008	recommended!	enjoyed our stay in january when hotel was still the bonnington.we booked online with my laterooms.com and got a good deal including breakfast. check in fine we arrived at midday so left luggage at reception and went out for lunch and a stroll,few hours later returned, given our room which was lovely newly decorated, yes it was a little on the small size but the bed was just so comfortable! bathroom excellent with built in speakers! only complaint tried the &quot;luxury&quot; shampoo and my hair ended up as a frizzy mess couldnt get a brush through it and nearly ended up missing show we had booked to see. all in all though a great stay shame to hear prices have increased due to name change .	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice but not without Downsides	The Park Inn is in a nice location near Russell Square though not at Russell Square in a very busy street. Two Tube stations (Russell Square &amp; Holborn) are within 5 minutes.The hotel itself looks nicely renovated but rather drably contemporary - nothing special upon entering the lobby. Service in terms of baggage assistance upon entering was unnoticable ie not offered even at check-in. Rooms are of OK size for London, meaning they are small, really small, but one can at least walk in them. The desk however was very small so that one couldn't really work in the room, despite the free Wi-Fi they advertise. I missed a minibar in the rooms as I find it rather nice to get a drink after travelling and arriving in the hotel - however then again this was not really a problem, lots of choices in the neighbourhood where you can buy a bottle of water. They also advertise room service which I didn't use and I could not have imagined where to eat in the room in the first place. Other than that, evrything was freshly renovated and in very good condition - so nothing to rant about.Overall I would not call the hotel a four star as they do on their website but based on room size and limited services rather three star. For that it was very good and I might return provided I get a very good rate. There are certainly better choices which are not neccessarily that much more expensive and at comparable rates would provide much better value.	
Mar 30 2008 	Perfect :)	We booked our hotel via superbreak at a very decent price. We requested a quiet/non-smoking room with continental breakfast. I had good expectations of this hotel from reading other praising reviews on trip adviser and I was not disappointed. I had emailed the hotel a couple of times before our stay, asking a few questions, getting a quick, helpful and polite reply every time. Check in was quick and the staff were very friendly. There was a problem with our solo debit card, as they could not take that card, so me and my partner had to put a 30 pound deposit behind the counter in which we would get back if we didn't use any extras. We found this an easy alternative and everything was sorted in no time. But do not take a debit card with you for extras, as you will need a credit card. We were given our key, and (although not very well signposted) found our way easily to our room, which was very nicely placed out of the way for the quiet room in which we requested. I was amazed at the quality of facilities and decor in the room. All rooms have been newly refurbished and look elegant and are cleaned to a very high standard. I was very impressed with the amenities such as free shampoos, soaps, body wash, and a wide selection of teas, coffee, sugars, hot chocolates and free biscuits! Which me and my partner were very happy to eat after a long travel.We only stayed one night, yet it was the most enjoyable, care free hotel experience I have ever had in London. We enjoyed getting in after watching a show, lounging in the new comfy bed, watching the flat screen tv with a cup of hot chocolate!!! Breakfast was just as good, with an excellent choice and all presented and cooked in a no fuss, lovely manner. We found ourselves going up for many rounds! Staff again were friendly and efficient. And we very much enjoyed the little finishing touches such as vases with a single rose on each table. The hotel itself is in an excellent location. 2 minutes away from Holborn tube station with very handy lines for many attractions. And just a 10/15 minute walk away from Covent garden and all the theaters which was very handy for us. Overall this hotel is great value for money, friendly, and convenient, they seem to put a lot of effort into making your experience enjoyable. We defiantly had a good time as a young couple, and will defiantly be coming back to the Park Inn again!	
Mar 22 2008 	Good value and location	We spent 8 nights at the Park Inn - 3 nights were business and the rest vacation. The hotel decor is modern and nicely functional. Our room was very clean, spacious (for a European metropolitan hotel),comfortable and in a corner facing an inner courtyard so it was also extremely quiet. There was a very nice selection of coffee, tea, hot chocolate and cookies every day in the room. The free full breakfast was excellent. The one negative was the lack of business services, there was no voice mail in the room and the only internet available was through the TV with a very bizarre browser, it was also absurdly expensive. I chose not to bring my computer on this trip because of the large vacation portion but was expecting to log in once in a while without a hassle. The location of the hotel was excellent - we ended up walking most everywhere - Covent Garden, the British Musuem, great restaurants and the tube was only 2 blocks away. We were extremely pleased with our stay at the Park Inn	
Mar 18 2008 	excellent hotel!	My sister and I stayed at the Park Inn Friday March 14th for one night. We booked a few months ago when it was still the Bonnington, we paid 102 pounds on the British Airways website. The hotel has recently gone through a refurbishment and everything was crisp and clean, the room was a bit small by North American standards ( I live in Canada ) but it had everything we needed, tea/coffee machine, hairdryer, iron and a small safe, the bathroom was large and the beds were very comfortable. The staff were all friendly and efficient. We were able to check in early and given a room at the back , it was very quiet which was great as the hotel is situated on a busy road. Full cooked breakfast was included in the price and was lovely, there was also a choice of fresh meats and fruit . I would fully recommend this hotel, it is easy walking distance to all the attractions, especially the British Museum.	
Mar 13 2008 	Good for this type	As said by others the best hotel below £200 I've stayed in London for on a week night. The service was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. It was nice although I did not require it to have an offer to carry my bags in this level of hotel this often doesn't happen in the UK. The room was smart, new, clean and fresh, with everything I required on business. The only niggles I would have are that it is obviously still in its transformation from the Bonnington with the reception carpet still being the obviously tired old one even though the furniture had been replaced. It looked like they intended to sort this though. Also it would have been nice if the wine bar had been open too as the main bar lacked atmosphere with bright lights and sports TV on when my wife joined me for a drink. We probably would have more likely drank more in there.	
Mar 12 2008 	Good Hotel in good location	We have just returned from a 3 days staying at the renamed Park Inn Hotel. (it was previously called the Bonnington)The hotel is good and managed well. The rooms we booked were of a very good standard and had nice clean bathrooms too. The free wi-fi was a bonus and worked very well if you took the laptop away from the dressing table to the centre of the room.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in when in London without spending another £100 per night for the privilage. I am quite fussy so I will say that the breakfast, though good could be just that little bit better if the fruit was of a higher standard and the &quot;hot&quot; plate food was kept hotter than when I was there! The hotel is very convenient for getting around the sights of London.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great when it was the Bonnington	Had the chance to stay at the former Bonnington several times. The staff always provided superb service especially those at the restaurant/breakfast room. The rooms were comfy, spacious, modern and very clean. Continenatal breakfast buffet was huge and yummy.Prices were ok. Now that it's changed name after being upgraded (in my opinion there was no reason for this since it was a great hotel) I haven't stayed there yet. Prices have gone up.The location is excellent.	
Feb 18 2008 	Improved decor higher prices	This was our first visit to the revamped Bonnington - now part of the Park Inn chain: the same foyer but dramatically changed rooms and hallways (and increased prices to match). Our room was so new and spic'n'span - nicely decorated in 'typical' contemporary style - that it still had a faint smell of paint. The one thing that hadn't changed, despite the new coverings, was the very soft - and narrow - single beds (we could only get a twin room). The last time I'd had a single bed I'd finished up sleeping on the floor! - this time I at least managed to get to sleep. Although I'd requested a 'quiet' room, we were on the first (one above ground) floor at the front of the hotel, though the double glazing now keeps out at least some of the noise. As usual, the pleasant breakfast room/restaurant and the location make this a good choice for London, though if you go to London frequently (as I do) and are looking for somewhere in the cheaper price bracket that the Bonnington sometimes offered, the Tavistock up the road still offers a reasonable (if for me reluctant) alternative.	
Feb 14 2008 	Name has changed but service is just as good	I REALLY like this hotel. Eighteen months after my first stay I booked again and got a very good deal on a single room through a discount website.The hotel is now called the Park Inn. I found it to be even better than my last stay. My single room was very well furnished and clean with a flat-screen TV, iron and ironing board, plenty of cupboard space, good lighting, a comfortable bed and a spotless bathroom. The room was away from the main street and therefore very quiet. Generally the staff were helpful and professional.I can't say how this hotel relates to others in central London, mainly because I haven't needed to go elsewhere, but as long as standards remain this high I will be coming back with pleasure. I would wholeheartedly recommend this place.	
Feb 13 2008 	Fantastic location in London	The Bonnington, or Park Hotel Russle Square as it is now called is one of those hotels I wish I had the chance to stay in a bit longer.The rooms are a good size, clean and modern, with all the mod-cons. The breakfast is good, and the hotel all in all looks fantastic.Clean rooms, comfy beds, excellent customer service. Well worth being a base for a place to stay for a weekend break.	
Feb 12 2008 	Supalux	Excellent short break between 6th - 7th Feb 2008, great location, super Staff, nice quiet room, would recommend it to anyone wanting good all round facilities at the right price, super location within easy reach of two tube stations, the West End, Covent Garden etc. Once again Staff &quot;Brill&quot; very helpful.	
Feb 10 2008 	very nice hotel very good location	stayed at the bonnongton (park inn) for two nights from the 6th feb 08. me &amp; my girlfriend were more than impressed with the hotel. rooms were very nice &amp; modern the staff were very efficient &amp; we will stay there again. ideal location for everywhere, walking distance to west end,covent garden. you can jump on the tube within minutes of the hotel. LOVED IT	
Feb 6 2008 	Awesome	Few blocks from the tube. Safe location, even to walk around at night.Rooms have good amenities. Comfortable bed.	
Feb 4 2008 	Loved the hotel location and staff	We stayed at the Bonnington Hotel (now called Park Inn hotel since 1st feb 2008) for one night for a surprise trip to london for my partner. I booked the budget room, as I wanted to stay in a decent hotel but not pay too much as it was only the night. To my surprise, the room was more than I had expected. It was spacious and modern, and my partner loved the fact there were speakers in the bathroom, so he could listen to the tv/radio.There was a full english breakfast - which went down well with my partner. Staff friendly and always willing to help.Excellent location - less than 1 min walk away from British Museum!! Will def. go back to this hotel.	
Feb 2 2008	It's not called The Bonnington anymore !	It's not the Bonnington anymore, on February 1st 2008 it became The Park Inn. Trouble is they didn't tell anyone so I walked up and down the street looking for the hotel and eventually spotted the name Bonnington underneath the newly stuck up Park Inn signs. A lot of time wasted and not a good start at all. However, my single room was really nice. Bathroom nice and modern but the shower door opening inwards made it awkward for actually not getting in when the water was cold- as you couldn't reach the control from outside of the bath. Quiet room, comfy bed. Free wi fi which was great for me as I had a meeting to prepare for. Breakfast: attentive and efficient service all round and a good buffet. The maid tried to come in and do the room at 8:30 a.m. which I was annoyed at as I wasn't checking out until 11 a.m. But she was apologetic, however it made me feel pressured and I did leave earlier than I needed to. This hotel is a stroll from the British Museum and the Russell Street tube. There are loads of shops and eating places nearby, Tesco Express is next door. So the location is great and I think that the price ( for London ) is reasonable. I would use it again and would also know what it was called if I visited again !!!!!	
Jan 30 2008 	Room ok shame about the maid	We stayed at the Bonnington for a couple of nights before Christmas to see the shows. Location wise, it's great as there was no need to use the tube once we got there.The hotel was undergoing refurbishment, and because they'd put us in a room right next to the works it made for a very noisy time if we were to go back to the room for anything. Luckily they didn't start too early (I think 9am) and were done by the time we went to bed.The room itself was on the small side (I had to squeeze sideways up the aisle to get into bed, and knock my head on the box canvasses they had on the wall), and the mattress had a tendency to roll you out of bed, but overall it was comfortable.What I found difficult to deal with was the interruptions from the staff, who would knock once quietly and then barge in. They do this at all hours of the day (we were disturbed at 7pm and 7:30 am). I'm not used to this kind of thing so wasn't very vigilant with the do not disturb sign.Breakfast was good but the service was a bit of a free for all and you practically had to wave your hand in front of the waiters to get some coffee.Overall, I thought it was worth the amount we paid considering the location, but it's not really a classy hotel.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good value in London	I first stayed in the Bonnington in September 2006. I chose it as it seemed reasonably central and was reasonably priced. My local (South African) travel agent recommended it as BA Holidays gave it a 3 1/2 star rating although the official star rating was 3. I stayed for 10 days at 68 pounds or so per day, including full English breakfast. I was put in a single room which was rather small (this is London after all) but clean and tidy. I had read negative reviews before my trip on this site but my concerns were allayed once I had checked in. They allowed an early check in too - I arrived at the hotel at about 10 am and even though check in was at 2 pm, they allowed me to have my room (which after an overnight flight was great for washing up and stowing the suitcase!). I personally found the hotel more accessible from Holborn Underground station than Russell Square, and since Holborn is on the Piccadilly and Central Lines, the hotel was a great base for exploring the tourist side of the city.Having married in the interim, I recently had a chance to spend a few days in London again after a business trip to Europe, and once again chose to spend the time (4 days) at the Bonnington. The hotel has undergone an upgrade/refurbishment and I was really pleasantly surprised at the room we were checked into. The travel agent had made a mistake and booked us into a twin room - no problem, the front desk soon sorted that out and gave us the double room we wanted. The cupboards were spacious with interior lighting (and an electronic safe for valuables), the room lighting suitable for every mood and function, and once again the room was clean and neat, and being a double room, spacious enough that we never felt cramped. The choice of entertainment was varied (although to be honest, one does not really go on holiday to stay in a hotel room) and there was even music in the bathroom, if desired! The TV had several channels available (some at a premium) in addition to Internet access. The rooms are individually air conditioned, which adds greatly to comfort - I prefer a cool environment to a stuffy centrally heated one. The breakfast is still presided over by the same lady who ensures that the affair runs with clockwork precision. The breakfast is average but there is a large variety, and for cash-strapped travelers an excellent opportunity to fuel up for a day's sight seeing without having to spend precious cash in expensive London eateries.On this trip, I think the highlights of the hotel stay were the helpfulness of the front desk staff and the concierge. After experiencing problems with the internet access in our room, the front desk staff used their computers to check us in online for our return flight to South Africa and even printed our boarding passes, despite the fact that there were 3 separate booking references, they did this with a smile. The concierge was brilliant too - the same as my previous stay he stored our luggage in a luggage room after we checked out, and this at no cost. (My recent experience with a large hotel in Paris was that they would do this but at an exorbitant fee!) He also arranged private transport for us to the airport - we were picked up from the hotel entrance and whisked straight to Terminal 1 at Heathrow in 45 minutes, at a cost of 20 pounds per person including a tip! What with sore feet from all the walking, we were in no mood to lug our suitcases around London on public transport and I can happily recommend this option to everyone looking for a hassle-free trip to the airport. Just remember to allow plenty of time in case of traffic snarl-ups and try to avoid the rush hour - but then the concierge will tell you that anyway!I guess in the end it comes down to a single question - would I stay there again? And the answer is... YES, without a doubt. Well done to everyone at the Bonnington, you can give yourselves a big pat on the back!	
Jan 27 2008 	Really lovely!	Great little hotel. Rooms were bijoux, but clean and modern. I was really impressed! I think the hotel must have been recently renovated as some of the previous reviews have been quite off putting. Breakfast was average, but a full range of continental and non continental was on offer. I only stayed for the day before an exam, but would happily go back. Overall, good value for London!	
Jan 27 2008 	Clean neat and convenient.	We stayed for a Friday night having booked a superior double via the hotel website. Pleasant, cheerful welcome at reception. Room on first floor, clean, modern, nicely furnished but a bit small. Breathtakingly awful view of the wall of the next door building. Bathroom very neat and tidy with a few soaps, etc. The staff we came across at the bar and at breakfast seemed fine. Good breakfast with a wide choice of food. Two minor grumbles - the rather slidy plastic base sheet on the bed was irritating as was the uncomfortable foam pillow. Otherwise it was a reasonable place to stop for the night, very convenient for the West End, underground, etc. As a hotel it was a bit soulless so will probably try somewhere else next time. However I wouldn't complain too much if we had to go back to the Bonnington.	
Jan 22 2008 	Small room but done well	I had one night in London and my friend who I normally stay with was out of town. Well, with London being as expensive as it is, I found this place on a big hotel website. Getting to the hotel isn't too bad, it's a short walk from the Tube. The lobby was done up pretty nice and somewhat snooty. I checked in and the front staff were helpful. The big surprise was when I opened the door to my room. It was as big as a walk-in closed that just happened to have a bathroom attached. Seeing as I was only there one night, and planning on going out later anyway, this didn't bother me too much. But, for anything more than an overnight, the room size simply wouldn't be acceptable. My guess was the room was 6x10. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was OK as well. Overall, I'd probably stay here again, but would get a different room this time. The location is pretty good, and it's close enough that you can still stumble home drunk from the pubs at night. It is on a busy street, so you do get some noise from that if your room is lucky enough to be on that side.	
Jan 13 2008 	Nice hotel shame about the staff...	A friend and I stayed in the hotel for one night and were actually pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The location was great for us; an easy walk from Euston Station and within walking distance of Holborn underground station and Covent Garden, Leicester Square etc. We were checked in straight away although we were early and the room was really nice. The rooms have just been refurbished and only the lobby/bar remains to be done. The problem with the hotel wasn't the room, or even the food; it was the staff. To be fair the gentleman on reception initially was very professional but lacked warmth and the gentleman on in the evening was actually very rude to us. He insinuated that he could 'smell drink' from us which was very embarassing; it is no concern of his if we should have had a drink or not, and certainly should not have been mentioned in this way.We decided to eat in the bar and the food was good and very good value for money but the staff obviously have not been trained to any degree and there seems to be a lack of management. We asked for a bottle of Veuve Clicquot Champagne at the bar and the barmaid seemed not to know what that was. After a search she advised that they didn't have any so my friend and I pointed to the bottle in the fridge. Then the lady simply took the bottle out of the fridge and handed it to us across the bar! So we had to open it ourselves! The point is not that we had to this, we didn't mind, but staff in a 4 star hotel should know better. As I mentioned, our food was very nice but the couple sitting beside us had also ordered food and what they actually received was a variation of what was printed on the menu, something they should have been told in advance.Breakfast the next morning was decent but it would have been nice to be welcomed into the dining room with a smile and 'Good morning' as opposed to a rather dour face leading us to a table.Overall the hotel location and the standard it has been refurbished to stands The Bonnington in good stead and I would consider returning but improvements have to be made in staffing for me to return on a regular basis. I am sure there are other hotels in the vicinity that provide better service for a similar price and it may be a better idea to try one of these instead.	
Jan 9 2008 	good stay good location	We spent a few nights here in 2006 and thought it was a great value. The staff was friendly and the location was perfect; less than a mile from the Holborn tube stop. One day we were off to an early start and a manager let us have breakfast early so we could make our train! I would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Slightly disappointed with old favourite	We recently stayed one night at the Bonnington, aware that it has undergone refurbishment to upgrade it to 4 star. We booked an executive room to enjoy some additional features (fridge, radio, DVD player etc) but many of these were either not present or not working in the room we were given. The room itself was on the fifth floor at the front, a nice size with good views, but had a feel of not being quite finished with exposed pipework and curious loose wires. The bathroom had a bath, but the shower was inadequate. One phone call to reception was never returned, but we did eventually get some of the basic things attended to by mentioning it in person at reception. The worst feature that has been installed is speakers in the bathroom - the room next to ours did not realise their speaker was on and it kept us awake for quite a while until the problem was recognised. Clearly the soundproofing between rooms is not that good.At breakfast we were assigned a table and encouraged to visit the buffet, only to find another couple had been assigned the same table when we returned. The waiter service after this mistake had been noticed improved markedly and we found the breakfast to be excellent when we finally got a table.Having enjoyed very comfortable stays for business purposes at the Bonnington in the past, I was disappointed on this occasion and will think twice about using it again as the executive room and new furnishings did not warrant the extra expense.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Hotel - Fully Recommended	We read over reviews on the Bonnington and were worried about the noise, but decided to give it a go and I am glad we did - It is in a great location, close to public Transport and the room was brilliant.We were on the Ground Floor, which with all the renovations going on I was worried we might be disturbed by the nooise, but this was not the case. In fact I think I heard something once in five nights.The room was spacious, for London standard, and new refurbishment. Clean, bright and comfortable beds.Service was also of a good standard and the breakfast was, as people have already said, typically British. But we found that as it was included in our price, we ate up big at breakky and really didn't have to stop for lunch.If I ever go back to UK I will make sure I return to The Bonnington.	
Jan 2 2008 	Superb Hotel	December 27th 2007Absolutely brilliant hotel - Staff on reception were extremely helpful, bedroom was just as described (executive room) with all the trappings. Breakfast in the Waterfalls restaurant was incredible - all you could ask for and more.Concierge was also very obliging with our luggage.Overall an outstanding hotel and I would certainly recommend it!!	
Dec 31 2007 	Good clean and in good location	My husband and myself stayed overnight at the Bonnington, and found it in a very good position to central London and theatreland. We had a standard double, and the room was quite small, with double bed, but quite nice bathroom. It was clean and adequate for our needs.We used the carpark right opposite the hotel which was very convenient, and although cost £25 for 24 hours, we felt our car was very secure.We would not hesitate to return to this hotel in the future.	
Dec 31 2007 	Nice hotel in London	Nice hotel, a little noisy, near the British Museum. Freslhy renewed room with a nice bathroom. The breakfast is typically british.	
Dec 27 2007 	Christmas Break	We stayed in the Bonnington for 2 nights at the beginning of December. The hotel is a walkable distance (15 minutes) from Euston station which made it easy to get to and is close to 2 tube stations. It is a stones throw away from the British Museum and there are plenty of bars and restaurants right by the hotel.The room was small but perfecty formed with a brand new plasma TV, electric blinds, speakers in the brand new bathroom and a drawer which has a kettle, tea, coffee and free bottles of water.Our room was right next to the building work but we heard nothing. The only draw back was that our view was of a roof and wall. But I'm sure that if at the time of booking we asked for a good view we would have got it as the staff are lovely and very helpful.Breakfast was in buffet form with continental food as well as sausages, bacon, eggs and hash browns. It was fine although on the second day we didn't bother with it and went to the Starbucks.I would definitely stay again although I would ensure that on booking I'd ask for a good view.	
Dec 15 2007 	Good London Base	The Bonnington has been refurbished and upgraded to a 4* hotel during 2007. Our room was on 4th floor overlooking Southampton Row and was newly furnished and decorated to a high standard. We were attending a function there and had booked through [--] 10 months prior to our visit at an excellent rate. The room had one armchair and one dining chair, tea and coffee making facilities, an iron and ironing board; buffet breakfast had everything anybody could want early in the morning but the seating arrangements were a bit tight. The location is excellent between Holborn and Russell Sq. tube stations. We found Holborn easier. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful – a good hotel and we will stay there again.	
Dec 11 2007 	so close to being a perfect hotel	This hotel is fantastic if you're a tourist and not in need of internet. But if you're staying for business and looking for a hotel with free wifi as this hotel has advertised, I would either recommend calling the hotel and have them assign a room that they KNOW for certain has signal, or consider another hotel if you don't want to chance it. Because the hotel is undergoing refurbishment, the signal sometimes doesn't work (so I was told by the front desk). I stayed for four nights in two different rooms and could not get a signal. The front desk were courteous and truly apologetic, but there wasn't anything they could do to get that wifi working. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for the executive room, it's well worth it. Both superior and executive rooms are spotlessly clean, nicely decorated, modern bathrooms, comfortable beds and linens, flat screen tv, laptop safe, tea service and even bottled water. Breakfast was good. It would have been nice to have been greeted with a smile, but the breakfast staff were like robots. The location of the hotel is ideal, the price and ammenities, unbeatable, but I think the hotel really needs to do something about the wifi signal, if they want return patronage of business clientele.	
Dec 5 2007	Really nice rooms!	I stayed in the Bonnington hotel last Friday and I was in one of the newly refurbished Superior rooms. It was absolutely lovely and all the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful – I highly recommend this hotel for a London stayover	
Dec 4 2007 	Nice Hotel	We were in one of the renovated rooms the last weekend in November. It was spacious and had a nice window seat in the bay window. We had requested an early check-in and our room was ready when we arrived around 11. The breakfast was great and we also enjoyed our meals in the bar and the restaurant. When our flight home was delayed a day we had no problems staying another night. The only problem we had was that the room was too hot at night for the duvets. We set the temperature as low as it would go, but after abour 3-4 hours it would cut off. We finally opened the window in the bathroom to provide cool air.The free wireless internet worked most of the time. There were some times when I would lose either the internet or the whole connection, We enjoyed our stay and would gladly stay there again,	
Nov 30 2007 	Fine for London	The Executive Room was recently refurbishment and looked very clean and modern - no trouser press or free wireless access as advertised in the Expedia features however. The bed was nowhere near as large as shown either!Hot water took 2.5 minutes to materialise from the shower - I gave up on the first day and started to take a cold shower, the second day I actually timed it!Only a stones throw from the British Museum, which is nice for the museum lovers!The fire alarm did go off at 3am in the morning and there was no explanation or apology from reception when I checked out in the morning - to be expected these days.....The waitresses within the restaurant all appeared to be from Eastern European - again nothing unusual these days, but it is sometimes a little difficult to understand, or be understood.	
Nov 29 2007 	Girl's Night In The Big Smoke	I booked the Bonnigton through show and stay with a package theatre/hotel break. Overall I was really pleased with the hotel. The location is 5 minutes walk from Holborn tube station and a 15 minute walk from Covent Garden. It was really a great location. We were able to check in early and leave our bags before our room was ready which allowed us to make the most of our short stay in London. The trip was a treat for my daughter's birthday and I had e-mailed the hotel prior asking if they could do anything to make the occasion even more special. They were very helpful and had put some helium balloons in our room! The hotel lobby is pleasent and welcoming and check in was friednly and efficient. Our room was nicely decorated and of an OK size. The bathroom ws really nice with modern fitting and a great shower. There were plenty of complimentary tea/coffee/chocalte and waters available and adequate washing products too. The breakfast was good with an excellent choice- fruit and yoghurts, museli and cereals, pastries, cooked breakfasts and toasts and plenty of tea, coffee and jouices etc. All in all I think that we got great value for money - I think we paid around £160 for the two of us, for one night including our show tickets. I would definitely recommend the Bonnington - especially as they are refurbishing the whole hotel - our room had already been refurbished at the time - the plans look great!	
Nov 28 2007 	Bonnington Was Outstanding Value	My wife and I stayed at the Bonnington for 5 days during October for the Miami Dolphins/NY Giants football game, and were very pleased with the staff, service, and the hotel itself. The first room we were assigned was near the construction zone which was very noisy during the weekday we checked in. The staff accomodated us immediately to another room that had been refurbished. It was an excellent twin room with comfortable beds and a spotless, modern bathroom. The concierge staff was excellent. They dilligently worked for over a day tring to connect with a shuttle service for which I had a pre-paid voucher. The buffet breakfast was very good every morning and the beverage and food services staff was very efficient and friendly. We would meet at the Malt Bar every evening for drinks, and their pub food was good as well. We can't wait for our next trip to London and will definitely stay at the Bonnington again.	
Nov 23 2007 	Bloomsbury Brilliant	My two daughters (both in their 30's) and I (50's) had a wonderful weekend at The Bonnington Hotel, Bloomsbury, London. We all had single rooms and all agreed that were the best standard priced single rooms that we had stayed in. Usually single rooms are quite pokey and an afterthought in the hotels arrangements but these were excellent with every facility that would be in a double room apart from the size of the single beds which were extremely comfortable with a selection of pillows to choose from. Staff were extremely friendly and we had a delicious full English Breakfast which was included in the price. It was quite close to Holburn Underground Station and in the other direction it was close to the theatres and a very short walk from The British Museum. The only problem we encountered was that our keys were only programmed for one night and we were staying for 2 nights so we had to return to Reception to get them re-done. Excellent experience will certainly stay again when I return to London.	
Nov 16 2007 	Clean modern and compact	I stayed here for two nights on business. Got a rate of about £120 per night. The hotel is undergoing a refurb and I was in a refurbed room which was great - small and compact but clean with all mod cons - good hairdryer for a change. Couple of problems - I got a wake up call when I didn't ask for one - fotrtunately I was awake anyway. I asked for a paper both days but didn't get one. The TV turned itself on one morning. The guy that delivered my breakfast in the room looked unconfortable doing so for a womena - but hey! Reception staff were in training - and you could tell - english was poor.I picked it because of the location and wanted something in between offices in Holborn, Barbican and Chancery Lane. This was perfect. I was able to have sushi both nights running at the lovely (posh) shopping centre up the road and off Bedford Square.	
Nov 14 2007 	Terrible Value	Here is a description of my room per the hotel's Room Notes : &quot;Very Spacious &amp; luxurious room with ample floor space &amp; high ceilings, offer guests something not very common in London - A Large Room! Our rooms have been decorated to a very high standard offering guests a sense of real luxury. In room amenities include Plasma Screen TV, Small Fridge, Bathrobes &amp; Slippers, Interactive TV &amp; spacious marbled bathrooms.&quot;My room was one of the smallest I have stayed in in London, with low ceilings and curtains too small for the windows, so that there was a half foot gap between them when shut.There were no bathrobes or slippers, no fridge and the wifi did not work. As for the marble in the bathroom, they must have hidden it well, because I surely didn't spot it.As for comfort and a 'sense of real luxury', their benchmark must be a Khazakstani hostel - the sheets were like nylon, the pillows uncomfortable and it had one of the thinest duvets/comforters that I have ever slept under.For £210/night (rack rate £335), this was perhaps the worst value hotel I have ever stayed in and I am used to some very average places in Mongolia and Siberia, so I am not that hard to please. But for $400/night in a major capital, there are certain standards that should be met - The Bonnington fails badly.I rarely complain about anything, but I am now going to call the manager, simply because virtually all the amenities described in the room notes were not present. If things are promised, it is reasonable to expect them to be delivered.On a positive note, the artist's images of the lobby/bar area refurb look quite nice.	
Nov 2 2007 	excellent stay	After reading the previous reviews we were very pleasantly surprised with the Bonnington hotel. The location is ideal for central and west end london, Holburn tube station being a few minutes walk, The room was much larger than expected as we booked &quot;a room&quot; from lastminute.com rather than requesting a specific type of room. The hotel was spotless and the staff were very friendly and helpful, ( a request for a vase was dealt with within minutes by house keeping). The restaurant was reasonably priced and the food was fine for the price. Overall a very pleasant stay	
Oct 28 2007 	Very Pleasant and Great Location!!	Just returned from a two night stay at the Bonnington, our trip was primarily to visit the British museum to see the Terracotta Army. The location was absolutely perfect for the museum as it was only a 2 minute walk from the hotel. The Bonnington is also very convenient for the theatre area, we walked to there in about 15 -20 minutes. A lot of amenities are nearby i.e. a pharmacy next door but one, a newspaper shop, various restaurants, Tesco Express next door. Bus Stop almost just outside the door. Two Tube stations very nearby Holborn and Russell Square. The hotel itself was excellent, we booked a twin superior room through laterooms.com. Everything went very smoothly, check in was fine and we got a very nice room on the 5th floor at the front of the building, some peoples reviews have mentioned the noise at the front of the hotel but we didn't find it a problem and managed to sleep okay. As in previous reviews we found all the staff from conceirge, reception desk and bar staff at the hotel very helpful and professional. The breakfast (included in the price of our deal) was very good, plenty of choice for everyone, well presented and the cooked breakfast buffet style remained hot and palatable which is unusual for this type of service.We ate one night in the hotels Waterfalls restaurant, very good food and excellent value for a London hotel, again the staff were very attentive it was also very pleasant to listen to some lovely relaxing live music being played by a harpist.On check out as our train wasn't until much later in the day we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel in a special room whilst we did a bit more sightseeing.We will definitely make this our London base when we visit next time.	
Oct 28 2007 	Good but wait until rennovations finished	I have been staying at The Bonnington for six years now, many times each year. It's been a decent hotel, and it has a good location. They are in the middle of a large renovation project lasting many years as they upgrade from a 3-star to 4-star hotel, and while construction is going on, my experiences there seem to get worse and worse. On my most recent visits, the 'free wifi' hasn't worked anywhere except in the lobby. On my most recent visit, the plumbing was erratic, the heating broken, and the lift malfunctioned trapping me in until I forced the door open. (Staff was kind enough to allow me to try to additional rooms in varied locations, and heat and wifi was broken in both of them as well.) The staff was polite and helpful, but seemed demoralised. One fellow mentioned problems between staff and new managers. I suspect the Bonnington will be a good hotel again, but I've decided to take off six months and try some neighbouring hotels instead. The Russell, nearby, is very good. In the meantime, best wishes to everyone who works at the Bonnington	
Oct 23 2007	great hotel	just returned from two nights at the Bonnington hotel and it exceeded our expectations . The hotel is currently upgrading to a 4 star hotel and we were given one of the upgraded rooms , it was very stylish with a very comfortable king size bed and plasma tv , the usual coffee making facilities and a free safe . The bathroom , towels , bedding were all in pristine condition . Breakfast at the hotel was excellent with a wide choice and very good service from the staff , and it was the same when we returned in the evening to eat at the hotels waterfalls restaurant , . The hotel is located in a great location and is in easy reach of all the tourist attractions of central London and the west end theatres . If we were to travel to London again then i would not hesitate to stay at the Bonnington again , it certainly ticked all the boxes for us and made our stay very enjoyable .	
Oct 22 2007 	Quality hotel	Got a really good deal on this hotel on a website. Hotel is well situated between Russel Square and Holburn underground stations. We arrived early and did not get our room allocated but were able to leave our luggage. There are shops and restaurants in the vicinity. It is within easy walking distance of the theatres.Room and bathroom were very nice. Bed was really comfortable.Some renovation work is still going on (9am to 6pm) and did annoy us when we went back to the hotel on two occasions for a late afternoon rest. Breakfast was excellent - good choice of everything.	
Oct 21 2007	Will be good once renovations complete!	This hotel is very well situated in a slightly quieter area of London, with lots of convenience stores, bus stops, tube station nearby and within walking distance of Oxford Street and West End theatres.The hotel itself is quite nice - the twin room we stayed in was quite small for two people and was right by where the renovations were happening, which spoiled things a little ( I was traveling with my mother who likes an afternoon rest - which couldnt happen!) We were staying in a renovated room which was well appointed, however the hotel must have retained the old beds, which should really be traded in for new ones! The electric in our room were also a bit dubious as our light kept flashing on and all through the night!Staff were fairly pleasant and helpful. We got a good deal on the rate, however I'd shop around for another hotel if travelling back to London.Overall an average hotel in my opinion.	
Oct 16 2007 	Very happy with the Bonnington	Location's good - a two block walk from the British Museum (worth a full day by itself), and three or four blocks from the Russell Square tube stop. It did seem like taking the tube to get places took longer than expected, though.Room was great. Went here as the last leg of a four-city honeymoon, and this place brightened my wife's (and my) mood considerably after the previous hotel. It's warm, it's comfy, it's plenty spacious, and the bathroom's clean and bright. I'm told there are pre-remodel rooms on the first floor, but we didn't get one of those. The remodeling work is continuing and it is noisy, but it's all done during hours you're not likely to be there.Staff were all friendly and such (they sent a guy to the room to fix a detailed setting on my laptop when I reported I couldn't get onto their free WiFi - nice!) Oddly, it seemed as though English was a second language for many of the staff we encountered.Food was good - probably the best included breakfast we saw on our trip.Price was good, too - we were about 160-170 pounds a night to stay there, which seemed quite fair for what we got.	
Oct 16 2007 	Excellent choice!	I booked this hotel for location mainly but checked the pictures and reviews and thought it looked a very good option. I wasn't disappointed in anyway, it was an excellent choice.When we arrived we were told our twin room requested was not available but they had allocated us two singles for the first night and would upgrade us to an executive twin for the second night if we wished. The receptionist was very apologetic and came up shortly after to see if the rooms were ok for us. The rooms were fine, ok the singles are a little small and pod like but the rooms are stylish, contemporary and quite luxurious in comparion to other Bloomsbury hotels in this price range. As i was travelling with my sister the singles offered us a little more privacy and we didn't see the point in unpacking and moving the next day so we stuck with this allocation.There was a sign at the desk (and we were also informed on booking) about refurbishment works being carried out but the hotel looked smart, bright and modern. The work looked complete as far as i could see and we didn't hear anything so maybe they just have a few more rooms they're refitting.The beds, pillows, etc are definitely new and very comfortable and the whole room felt fresh and clean. The rooms are fairly state of the art offering plasma screen tv with several channels, a decent sized safe and plenty of plug sockets for charging up phones, ipods and all the other technology we can't live without!Bathrooms are also smart and stylish with good quality toilteries but if anything the towels looked a little old and worn against the shiny new fitments.Breakfast is buffet style and one of the best hotel breakfasts i've had in the uk. Choose from rolls, patries, fresh fruit, dried fruit, yogurt, cheese, cold meat, cereals, juices and a good 'piping hot' selection of cooked breakfast including veggie sausages (why don't all hotels offer a vegetarian option?). Coffee and toast was brought to the table and they were well staffed and efficient at topping up your cup.Overall a great place to stay.	
Oct 9 2007	Fantastic Hotel	My relatives stayed at the Bonnington in September whilst visiting us in London. The Hotel has just been upgraded to 4 Star. The bedrooms which seem to be recently refurbished are great: spacious, modern decor, complimentary wifi internet, large safe to store your laptop in, complimentary tea/coffee, large flat screen TV, ... Full english breakfast was also included in the room price. The staff we came across seemed to be very friendly and helpful, too. The Hotel is located just a 2 minutes walk away from Holborn Tube Station, from where you get easily to most places in central London and also Heathrow Airport (it will take you about 1 hour to the airport). We booked the room directly on the Hotel website, after shopping around we found that this was the cheapest option. I would definetely recommend this Hotel again.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great hotel	We had a newly refurbished executive room with full breakfast included. Room was very well appointed with fluffy bathrobes and slippers, DVD player, flat screen TV, filter coffee machine (with complimentary coffee in the lobby too) and incredibly comfy bed. A good sized room and lovely clean bathroom. Also benefitted from being really quiet. Location was spot on for us, breakfast was enjoyable with a fulll choice. Every member of staff we dealt with was friendly and helpful. A really enjoyable stay.	
Sep 27 2007 	Nice hotel and location but lots of street construction	I stayed at the Boonnington in mid-September for 5 nights, having reserved a standard room (prepaid online) for £65. When I read reviews concerning all the construction noise and dust, I emailed the hotel requesting a room as far away as possible from all of the commotion. Upon check-in they upgraded me to a refurbished room on the 6th floor which was quiet and very nice, though small (which I expected). The state-of-the-art shower was excellent, and I appreciated the tea and coffee service along with biscuits that were replenished daily. They also included the full breakfast buffet with my room, so I felt I really was given a bargain for my money. The construction noise never upset me, as I was always up by 8 every morning anyway to have breakfast and see the sights. The British Museum is a five-minute walk away, as is the Holborn Tube Station, and I recommend checking out the outdoor cafes on Sicilian Avenue, a charming little pedestrian street just a 2-minute walk from the hotel. Do be aware, however, that the street in front of the hotel was completely torn up and no vehicles could get through. Whatever construction was going on there, it was loud and quite involved. If the street is still in that shape when you arrive, be sure to book a taxi the night before if you require one, as it will take a long time for the driver to figure out how to get to you while Southampton Row is impassible. I missed my coach at Victoria because the taxi had to get to me via a different route and come to the very back of the hotel to pick me up. That said, the hotel itself is ideal and I highly recommend it.	
Sep 27 2007	AVOID until restoration work is over	Stayed for 3 nights in mid September, on the 4th floor. Hotel is in a good location, 20 minutes walk from Covent garden and two train stops to Oxford street shopping area. Rooms are nice and big, reburbised but thin walls where you can here the neighbours flushing toilets and water pipes in the walls !There is reburbishment work taking place, Monday through Saturday which starts at 08.00 a.m. on renovating the first floor. You can hear this throughout the hotel, regardless of whether you are on the 6th floor or not. We were awoken by pneumatic drills and hammering on both Friday and Saturday mornings at exactly 08.00. It is very very noisy and you cannot sleep through it or ignore it. I initially thought is was happening next door on the first morning. in fairness to the hotel their Website does state the work and if you are a traveller who will be up and gone from the hotel by 08.00, then there is no problem but if you want a lie in...forget it.The breakfast was good, staff nice and rooms nice. I would go back again if I could get a room for under £120 - there are good alternatives for prices over that amount. However, I would wait until refurbishment is complete, I was told this would be another month or so.	
Sep 24 2007	Good hotel in good location	My husband and I stayed at The Bonnington from Thursday 13th Sep too Sunday 16th Sep. Our room was a double and as I had requested a quiet room we were at the back of the hotel on the 4th floor, no view apart from the windows of the other rooms on the other side of the court yard, but would rather have no view than noise. We didnt hear any road noise at all, the room was a reasonable size my only gripe would be that other hotels we have stayed at have had a bit of a hallway/lobby bit where you come into the door in your room so that you dont feel that your bed is right next to the walkway outside your room but The room we were in the bed was just beside the door so we did hear people coming back at nights. The bathroom was spacious and clean and had a lovely power shower over a big bath, my only complaint would be that there was no blind at the window and once the light was put on the &quot;bubbly&quot; glass was completely see through (we know this from inadvertantly seeing people across the way from us) so we hung one of the big bath towels at the window in the bathroom for privacy. The bed was a little too soft for me and I woke with backache every morning and I dont think it was a full size double either and the pillows were like rocks so no good marks there, there was also a flat screen TV in the room as well as a chair and table. I dont think we had a renovated room as the walls, which are a bit strange in that they have plastic stuff on them like a caravan, were a bit scuffed in places but the carpets looked spotless, also had tea/coffee and bottled fresh water which was replaced every day. The lifts are tiny, it says maximum 6 people but there was only just room for 3, if 6 tried to get in I would have been out of there! But at least they moved quickly and always arrived very quickly once button was pressed. Breakfast was the best we have had in any hotel, lots of choice as you could have a choice of continental and Full English and was set out in buffet style, the staff were very attentive and every morning we were seated straight away and tea or coffee along with toast arrived quickly too, the breakfast was in with our room so I dont know how much it would have cost if we had had to pay for it. The Bloomsbury area was great for us as we easily walked to the shows that we had tickets for, Oxford street is about 5 mins away as is The British museum and Covent garden about 10 mins. We didnt try any of the restaraunts in the area as we ate at the hotel, (the food was reasonably priced for London but not overly great) but we didnt want to trudge around looking for somewhere so we chose the hotel food for convenence. I dont know about the underground as we walked everywhere but Holborn Station is about 5-10mins walk from the hotel.Thats it really not much else to say, check in and check out where quick and efficent. Over all I would recommend this hotel as long as you can find a good deal, its not worth what the hotel is charging on their website. We paid £92pn with breakfast.	
Sep 17 2007 	Wonderful location!	Whenever I'm in London, I stay here - four times now. The location is great - close to Soho, the West End, Oxford Street, and the British Musuem (one of the best I've been to) is not even a five minute walk. They also upgraded us to an executive room when we arrived - nice room, clean, spacious, huge flat screen tv and free coffee, bottled water, and snacks in all the rooms plus awesome water pressure in the bathroom. The breakfast buffet here is one of the best I've had as well - great selection and very, very attentive staff.I'm going to keep staying here when I come back to London.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good breakfast	As a 4 star hotel The Bonnington is overall excellent value. The hotel is very clean, it is extremely quite with an exceptional breakfast which was included in the price. However, it was let down by the size of the rooms which although had everything in them were quite small. Generally the staff were very good, But the chambermaid knocking on the door to clean the room before 8.00am was somewhat of a shock and therefore would suggest you definately put the do not disturb leaflet on the door. Also recommended for its closeness to the tube.	
Sep 12 2007 	Lovely stay	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for one night on a theatre break and i loved it. The room was small but fine for one or two nights, very clean and modern with a nice flat screen tv.The bathroom was lovely and clean and the staff were very friendly.I must say that the best part of the stay was the breakfast, the dining room was nice and clean, the waiters bring over tea/coffee and toast and you can help yourself to cereal, cooked breakfast and pastries, i ate so much!!I would definatly stay here again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Bonnington Hotel - nice overall!	We stayed at the Bonnington at the end of January 2007 for the weekend for my partners birthday, booked based on reviews and ratings on this website!It's not too far from Euston Station, about 10-15 minutes walk, 2-3 mins by cab. Upon arrival we were greeted by a nice spacious reception and very friendly staff. Our room was small but perfectly formed, with everything in there that we needed for our stay. Bed was nice and comfy, decent sized bathroom, etc.The only complaint we had was regarding the breakfast. We went down to the breakfast restaurant on the Sunday morning, and were faced with rather ignorant staff. After we were eventually shown to a table, we were then totally ignored - we couldn't get any toast to go with our breakfast, and requests for tea and coffee were totally ignored. The couples/families at the other tables were literally waited on hand and foot, but we were thoroughly and uneqiuvically left to our own devices. And when I went over to who appeared to be the Restaurant Manager to ask (yet again) for hot drinks/toast, I returned to the table to find my other half with a shocked look on her face, and both of our unfinished plates had been whipped from the table! I remonstrated with the restaurant staff, but they suddenly couldn't understand English....I would only recommend this hotel if you were prepared to lose your food! It's a shame because everything else was OK.	
Sep 9 2007 	Good value for money	Arrived very late at night as planned. Booking in was easy and very friendly. We were a party of 3 couples and each had varying standards of rooms. We were fortunate and had the largest of the three. Good sized room with good amenities - tea-making, iron, hair drier etc. Other rooms in our party were a little smaller but all were finished to a very good standard, Refurbishing work was underway to bring the hotel up to 4 star standard, but this didn'y detract from our stay.Location is excellent for all of London's sights. 5 minutes from covent garden etc. Subway is 4 minutes walk away - ideal for getting around and seeing the sites.The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable. Breakfast was very good and the reataurant staff were very accommodating.Only slight down side was we were unable to get a drink after midnight. The bar shut promptly at 0:00 and there was no attempt to serve guests with drinks unless you were prepared to have a drink sent up to your room. Not much good for a party looking to celebrate wedding anniversaries together!!This was the only minor glitch in a memorable weekend. We would (will) stay again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Pleasant stay	Stayed for three nights in august 2008 and found this to be a good hotel. Got a room away from the street so it was very very quiet. Beds were comfortable. We arrived very early so check in took only 2 minutes. The location is very good on Southhampton Row. Overall had a very nice stay and the staff were very helpful the only time I needed them. I would visit this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Excellent quiet stay in central London	A friend and I stayed in this hotel for one night only. The only slight disappointment was not being able to check in until nearly 15.00. However the room was excellent; spotlessly clean and very well equipped.The public areas are spacious and pleasantly decorated. Breakfast was one of the best ever and staff polite, smart and attentive. Will definitely use this hotel again for overnight stops in London	
Aug 19 2007 	Great hotel..	We have just got back from our one night stay at the Bonnington Hotel. I was a little concerned after reading some of the previous reviews, However we did not encounter a single problem with the hotel. The location is great, a few minutes walk from Holborn Station or 5-10 minute walk from Oxford Street. There are a few places to eat and drink around the hotel itself if you wanted to stay local.The Hotel itself is quite impressive from the outside and once in side it continues. Upon our arrival we were early as check in is at 1400. We were able to leave our luggage in a holding room where you were given a ticket so your luggage should not get confused with any others. Upon our check in at Reception it was very smooth and there were no problems at all. We were given a room on the 2nd floor, which is accessed via a lift. The room is brand new and still smells of paint and new carpet. The room itself is super modern, it has Air-con, comfortable bed with nice modern furnishings. The TV in the room is a flat screen one but you do have to pay to use it, we chose not to so can't comment on the selection. The bathroom is also very modern and very very clean. The rooms aren't the biggest in the world but that really is not a problem as there is plenty of space throughout. The Breakfast was very good and had plenty to choose from. The bar is reasonably priced for a hotel, which always helps.I think that this hotel is great, they are still in the process of renovating, so once this is done the hotel will be quite impressive. We would go back anyday.	
Aug 12 2007 	Below Par at The Bonnington	My husband and I have returned from a four night stay at the Bonnington. The main positive point about the hotel is its location - it is about three minutes' walk from Holborn tube station and less than ten minutes to Covent Garden, which was brilliant.However, we did encounter some problems over the few nights - but that is not to take away from our overall experience of the trip... London is a great tourist destination and we really enjoyed the city. On check-in we were given a room on the first floor - we asked for a renovated room but were told that there weren't any of those available and assured that the room we were given was one of the better non-renovated rooms. We'd beg to differ! The room was generally grubby and quite worn and unclean. It was also incredibly small. And I would wonder how they can market themselves as an AA 4-star hotel. The works were ongoing during our stay and in fact most of the rooms on the first floor appeared not to be in use and were being dismantled. This necessitated us walking around areas with construction rubble and loose cabling, which I think was uncalled for. The tv didn't work for a lot of our stay. The bathroom was poorly ventilated and we found that reception were less than prompt in resolving matters. Breakfast was included in our rate and it was adequate.My general advice would be to avoid the hotel if you can, unless you're guaranteed the holy grail aka a renovated room! However, as I said at the outset: London is a wondeful city to visit and the location made up for a lot!	
Aug 11 2007 	Great location Good Staff Small room	My wife and I stayed here for three nights It is well located near Oxford Street and the West End. We had the full English Breakfast and the food was excellent. The room was small, but modern and nicely decorated. We had the misfortune to here on the hottest day of the year. Even though we had air conditioning it really was no good. It would not go below 19 centigrade. We had a very uncomfortable night in the morning we discovered there was a fleece and plastic mattress sheet on the bed. This had made us both wake up covered in sweat on a number of occasions during the night. We took it off and the bed was fine. That said the room was still too warm. Over all I would stay here again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Why the poor reviews?	I have stayed at the Bonnington Hotel several times in the last few months and am surprised by some of the poor reviews. For a hotel in London the Bonnington is not bad value for money (particularly if booked on-line) and although some of the rooms are small they are recently updated and clean. The restaurant is not very good but there is a good indian restaurant next door and Covent Garden is only 30 minutes walk and most (although not all) of the staff are helpful and polite. I have stayed in other hotels in London that are more expensive and provide far worse service.	
Aug 4 2007	Bonnington is so-so.	This hotel is in the process of renovation. Construction work starts at 7 am, 6 days a week. Windows on street appear to not be soundproof, so the result is no late sleep. Make sure construction is over before booking.Standard rooms presently consist of laminate furniture. There are no electricity plugs in the bathrooms. The concierge desk is thinly staffed, and was not helpful booking events.Cheapest touch: your room key had to be placed in a slot in your room, to start the electricity in the room.This hotel said it is &quot;4 star&quot; rated, but it could not compare to most 3 stars in the UK.Upside, there is airconditioning available if you need it, and location to British museum and tube was great.	
Aug 3 2007 	My god..by far the worst...	I live in belgium and we drove to London which is 6 hours away..we took the eurotunnel and got there..so it was a pretty long drive and we were tired. we came on time and tried to check in. I dont know what they were doing but it TOOK SOME TIME!!! finally we got our room and we head upstairs..the elevator was pretty small so my family couldnt all fit with all the luggage and so i stayed behind for the next one..Then the doors would open or lock but after several attemps it managed to open. They was a sign earlier saying that rennovation was going on and apparently they are goin from a three star hotel to a Four star hotel but i highly doubt it was a three star hotel in the first place..So anyways with the rennovation they said they work from morning till afternoon and they had loud hammering and machine noises which were, quite irritating..The room however was pretty decent looking with a flat screen tv and a wireless keyboard for internet. The bathroom was the big problem, basically when you took your shower the water would stay and flood. so we called someone while we were away shopping to fix this though when we came back we noticed all they did was put some towel matress of the toilet into the bath tub so the water would get soaked into it!!! i was shocked to see that they jsut shoved the towel material mat in there! anyways we got it removed with a call and finally fixed. Then the airconditioning was quite noisy too which can irrate some people but didnt bother me once i was asleep. Unlike the other reviews the breakfast line didnt have a queue for me, in fact there was bearly anyone there so , id say the food was quite alright. The room service that i hoggged took some time to get the food, we had tagatelli but it was cold! not warm at all! tho it was good. They take quite a lot of time to bring your food. Then when your done with the food, it says call this number to get it taken away..but when i did and she came, she was sort of annoyed saying you could also put it outside your room and we can take it..Im like &quot;ok..but the card said that i should call this number and tell you to pick it up&quot; shes like &quot;wel next time put it outside your room!&quot; seemed like an order but watever i hate hotel staff anyways, they always have sum negative side to them..Also we had an extra guest and so we requested for a matress in our room while we were away..and when we came back it was nicely settle, but i think its probably after so many complaints that they realised they should do something. Check out was quick and yea, i dont really recommend this hotel, but i cannot recommend you any either as some people may think that it just could be some other hotel competitors..	
Aug 2 2007 	what a terrible experience and so upset my standard definetly not 4 star!!	this hotel was expensive and we expected a bigger room and a bit more luxury!! if your expecting a room with luxury don't come here!! the are tiny smaller than average beds no iron or ironing board as Standard which is customery with any 4 star hotel ive stayed at before bath not even full size im 5ft 2 and i found it small wardrobe tiny and all we could see is that by adding a plasma or lcd flat tv they think they can call it 4 star. Don't bother with restraunt either food low lass and main meal had to be refunded couldn't eat it!! you will notice there is never anyone in restruant anyway only at breakfast if its continental they only have to cook toast!! very disappointed as it was a birthday present	
Jul 28 2007 	Terrible experience..	We reserved the Bonnington months in advance. We called a day ahead to confirm our reservation and let them know that we would be a late arrival. We were assured that everything was fine. We arrived late in the evening, exhausted by travel, only to be told that there was no room available. The manager on duty (Amir) was exceedingly rude and difficult. He suggested that we find another hotel for that night and come back the next day when they would have a room. He was not concerned that we had a confirmed reservation nor that they appeared to have given our room away. He never apoplogized nor made any attempts to be helpful. He continued to be belligerent.End of story- my husband and I found another manager, Tarek, extremely kind and accomodating, who found us 2 single rooms for the night. The rooms wre tiny but clean. The breakfast (included) was the best part. Sadly, we could not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	AVOID I beg you Don't BooK On Line	Well where to start. We'd spent 11 days in Spain and this was to be an overnighter (we've been to London many times). We choose the hotel on-line bcause of 1)location and 2)price. This truly is the best location and you can walk everywhere.We also were attracted to the close tube stop because of the location and we'd save the $100 Black cabby fair in from Heathrow.THE FACTS 1. The tube station is 6 or 7 American blocks. The tube station itself is up one of those elevators. A hassle but hey cheaper so we were pleased with ourselves. But it was hot and it was not easy for two fit Americans to hassles through the sidewals2. We arrive at 1pm hoping by some miracle they would let us check in early. THEY COULDN'T EVEN FIND OUR RESERVATION!3. &quot;Please sit over there while we sort this out...&quot; (meantime we are loosing precious daylight to get down to the theater district)4. Problem was we booked on line --this hotel is owned by an Irish franchise and the computers don't talk to each other. We booked through their parent company -- who would know?5. Finally after over an hour we get to our room -- yes of course it is exactly what you expect in London, small, hot, barely room to move and never enough room to open a suitcase-- but we understood that. Bathroom was minus most things you would expect from a hotel of this type.6. Breakfast next morning was delicious --plenty to choose fromBUT THE PRICE OF THE STAY WAS NOT WORTH THE BREAKFAST INCLUDE..7. Perhaps the seventh seal on this trip not to die for was the return to the Heathrow. The bellman talked us into getting a private car which he said would be cheaper then a cab -- fair enough, so 30 pounds. Only then bellman said we had two much luggage (2 people, each with 2 normal suitcases--one two actually the smaller overhead types). Ok. I guess. So we upped it to a 35 pounds -- a bigger car he said.8. Smiling faces (sometimes tell the truth). Somebody did us a number. When we got to Heathrow my wife needed terminal 2 and because I was going elsewhere in Europe i needed three.We drop off my wife drive ten feet and the driver says--it is an extra 5 pounds to make your stop -- $10.00 And it was not more than 200 yards-- I actually walked back to my wife and saw her after I checked in.What would the drive had done if I had no more English money( which was practically true)..We love London. We will go there again. It is the most expensive city ever (we've been ten times) there must be a better way---and we ate cheap --Tesco sandwiches etc. But this hotel will never be part of our stay again....and then Heathrow...but that is another story.	
Jul 23 2007 	Refurbished rooms are of a very good standard.	I have stayed at the Bonnington on a number of previous occasions, both in standard single rooms and doubles. The rooms and bathrooms are always very clean, although the singles are tiny, and the decor and general condition of the rooms is high.This time round, I booked a &quot;superior double&quot; room (it turned out to be a twin, but this wasn't a problem) on the internet, and got a very good price, including breakfast. The hotel is currently being refurbished, to bring it up to a four-star standard, and there were warnings of some disruption due to noise, but I didn't notice any during my stay of two nights.My room was at the front of the hotel, and had a large bay window, looking out over Southampton Row. Traffic and people noise was minimal, due to double glazing. I was very impressed by the electric venitian blinds, operated by a switch!The room had clearly been refurbished very recently, and looked modern and stylish (dark wood paneling, good quality furniture). The bed was very comfortable, the room was a good size, and air conditioning worked well. The only things I would find fault with are that there was no safe in the room, and the speaker in the bathroom didn't work.The buffet breakfast had a good range of food (decent quality), and I like the location of the hotel, which is a bit quieter than the West End, but within walking distance, and handy for the tube. There is a good range of local shops around Russell Square tube and at the Brunswick Centre.	
Jul 19 2007	Short but very sweet stay at the Bonnington.	Stayed here for just the one night after a trip to New York and to meet up with our daughter and her fiance. We were tired from our flight so it was a relief to be able to check in early and to find that the rooms were so inviting and comfortable. Our room was large , with 2 double beds and was light , airy and clean. The tea/coffee tray was the most extensively stocked i'd ever seen in a hotel with plenty of coffee , tea , milk and sugar and best of all , 4 packets of biscuits!After a short rest we walked to Holborn station and found another excellent reason for staying at the Bonnington , there's a Krispy Kreme shop nearby!My daughter and I walked back to the hotel later from Oxford Street , stopping to buy Krispy Kremes of course! Our other halves had gone to a concert , so as I was very tired we decided to spend the evening in my room relaxing , watching the very nice plasma TV and order a meal from room service. We both had a simple meal of jacket potato with tuna , but it was very nice and very reasonably priced.After we'd had the full breakfast the next morning , which was lovely , we checked out and left our luggage whilst we went to do some more shopping until it was time to catch our train home.We were all very happy with our short stay there and wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Bonnington again	
Jul 16 2007 	Great for the price and Location	My wife and I spent the week of Christmas in London during december 2006. We picked the Bonnington out of reviews on this site. The pricewas quite decent for that time of the year. I researched the locationand was very keen to ensure that it was close to a station on the London underground. The location is excellent, the walk to the underground stop is literally 4 minutes. The rooms left a little to be desired. It was small (very typical of london), but this was the middle of winter and the room heating was insufficient. The room had a floor based heating system which was oddly placed and heated the floor only on one side of the bed... ofcourse it was the side next to the wall!! which meant that steppingonto the floor was also unberable. Never had a reason to interact with the staff. Room service was good, sufficient towels, clean bathroom etc. The breakfast was outstanding!. I would highly recommend getting the Breakfast...saves a bundle in london.	
Jul 16 2007 	Upgraded to Executive	Booked accommodation only through superbreaks.com (£58 pounds each per night), and for some reason were upgraded from standard to executive on arrival at 2pm (no idea why). Our spacious room at the back of the hotel was on the ground floor. It was completely silent (apart from the odd distant siren) - no traffic noise, renovations, or evidence of other guests. It was wonderful, but then again, we didn't get what we paid for.Breakfast was plentiful, delicious and served in airy pleasant surroundings. The reception staff and concierge very helpful. No problems about leaving luggage behind when checking out. Meals in the bar reasonably priced. Easy walk to the shops and West End (lots of people around at night so quite safe). In short, absolutely no complaints at all!	
Jul 16 2007	quite a good business hotel	The Bonnington Hotel's executive/superior rooms are quite nice and I can highly recommend them: -quiet rooms-modern furnishing-spacious, for LondonBreakfast is typical englishLocation is good for entertainment	
Jul 16 2007 	fantastic hotel	can not fault this hotel stayed for two nights. room was very comfortable with air conditioning. plasma tv all mod cons. breakfast was nice. great location plenty of buses near by if you dont want to travel on underground,(which is the best way to see london). holborn is down the road russel square is up so you can choose. pubs pricey but there is a weatherspoons by holborn station that is really good value for money you can get two meals for £7.99. we went to see blood brothers what a heart breaker. and a must for all theatre goers. The staff at hotel are very helpfull. rooms are being upgraded but there was no distruption at all in fact the most peacefull hotel i have ever stayed in.	
Jul 13 2007	Very disappointed. Room spoiled our weekend.	I deliberately booked a room via the hotel's own site to guarantee a renovated room. I rang the hotel prior to our arrival to check the details but lo and behold on arrival there were no renovated rooms available. As this was Wimbledon &amp; Concert for Diana weekend there was little hope of getting a room elsewhere &amp; so, feeling as though I was held to ransom, I accepted the room offered. The only concession reception gave us was a £7 reduction on the first night &amp; £17 on the second which meant that our stay in an inferior room cost us £200. Not value for money as far as I am concerned. The room smelled of damp, the windows were rotten,the paint was peeling on the bathroom ceiling, no toiletries, no tea, no biscuits....what a welcome! Breakfast was chaos with us waiting 15 mins before anyone asked if we wanted tea/coffee/toast. The hotel is well placed for access to the tube, theatres etc but you didn't want to go back to the hotel as the room was so depressing. I would recommend that you wait until all the renovations are complete before staying at this hotel as there is no guarantee what standard of room you will get despite what your booking confirmation may say. The hotel e mailed us after our stay to ask for feedback but haven't had the courtesy to reply to our complaints. Is this an indication that customer satisfaction is not high on their list of priorities?	
Jul 8 2007	Excellent stay at the Bonnington	My sister and I stayed at the Bonnington from the 2nd to the 6th of July in a twin room and had an excellent time. On arrival we were allowed to check in early. Our room was nicely decorated with tea andcoffee facilities, plasma TV, safe, air conditioning. The bathroom was gorgeous, with shower over bath and complimentary products. Unlike other reviews we had read on the hotel we had NO problem with building work noise.All the staff were very friendly and helpful; particularly the housekeeping staff that changed our beds, towels etc. daily and replenished our room refreshments for free.There was a more than adequate choice of hot/cold buffet food for breakfast and service by the waiting staff was very efficient. The hotel is in a great location. The British Museum is literally down the road about 2 minutes away, with Oxford Street being about a 10 minute walk.Only complaint was there wasn't much of a view from the window just the back of other hotels, but who cares when you are in central London. Also the room got quite hot, but air conditioning and switching off the towel warmer took care of that.We absolutely feel in love with the hotel and would go back tomorrow.It is pricey but worth it.	
Jun 29 2007 	It's OK but not worth the price	After booking the Bedford and seeing it was awful, we moved to the Bonnington down the street. The hotel was nice and clean but definitely not worth the price (we eventually moved to the Russell Hotel which was amazing for the same price). The breakfast is nice and included with the room but the front desk just cannot get it together. I was there for business and was doing phone interviews with Radio and Media and they would not put my calls through or give me messages even though I asked them several times! I lost a national interview because of it and had to fight for an apology.The internet is very expensive in this hotel so, if you stay there, go down towards Russell Square to an internet cafe that offers an hour for a pound.	
Jun 25 2007	Wonderful	This was a great place to stay at the end of our trip. The location could not be beat, within walking distance of tourist shops, a Subway, local shops and eateries, and most importantly the tube. The lobby was absolutely lovely, concierge service well placed. The rooms weren't very spacious and didn't have a fridge but were very nice and comfortable. A real class act.	
Jun 25 2007 	Not very impressed	Booked a 1 night stay on Saturday for a stag do (monopoly pub crawl!), in the knowledge that there would not be any renovation work to worsen my hangover on Sunday morning. Booked a single room for £75 including breakfast, quite good value for london, especially given the generally favourable reviews on tripadvisor. Tried to check in slightly early at 12:00 to catch up with the boys, unfortunately I was not able to check in early (despite requesting an early check-in at the time of booking). Not too much flexibility there then. Rushed back at 2:30 (missing a pub on the route) to check in - room 103 was small, road-facing, opposite the lift, tawdry and pretty run-down, although the bathroom was a lot better apart from some flaking plaster on the wall next to the toilet. No plasma tv, just a portable with channels 1-5. Had a safe tho to safely stow my credit cards &amp; nano. Obviously hadn't got round to renovating this room yet! Any other time I would have asked for another room, but this time I was in a rush, and I just needed somewhere to put my head down at the end of the night. Got back in 3:30am ready for a nice long sleep... No renovation noise but instead disturbed at 9am by a knock on the door from the cleaner (I should have remembered to hang out the Do Not Disturb sign!). So out to breakfast after a nice long shower...a stout lady showed me to a table and grunted something about helping yourself. Breakfast not that great, fishing the bacon out of about a centimetre of bacon fat at the bottom of the dish, single dried-up fried egg had my name on...croissant cold....but it served its' purpose nonetheless. Quick check-out though, I make that about 3 positives the others being the shower &amp; the safe! You'd be much better off staying in the premier travel inn in Kings Cross for a few pennies more!	
Jun 24 2007 	Make sure you get a renovated room	I stayed in two different rooms. Make sure you ask for a renovated room. The first night I stayed in an older room, and it was just ok. The bathroom was clean, but the bedroom was poorly decorated, old and kind of dingy. I could not get the free wireless internet in this room. I was next the elevator and it made a terrible, loud sound everytime someone used it. The construction was also annoying. The next night I moved to a renovated room (725 or something like that). These rooms are in the back of the hotel. The second room was very nice and comfortable. The AC was much better, and I could connect to the internet. I'd stay here again, but only if I were staying in one of the newer rooms. The area was good. It was fairly central for sightseeing (by the British Museum) and was very close to my business meetings.	
Jun 21 2007 	Excellent Stay	Excellent hotel. Really surprised how nice it was. Very friendly and efficient reception staff, very nice refurbished bedroom and corridors etc and good value. Good TV and internet system. Smallish selection at breakfast but very well presented, good quality and all seemed to be cooked with care. Very efficient serving staff and plenty of them - when you have finished your plate it is removed immediately - always a good sign of a well run breakfast restaurant. Hotel is in a good central location close to Covent Garden and The Strand etc. The hotel is literally 2 minutes walk from Holburn underground station and there are always plenty of taxis going up and down Southampton Row. Overall I was really pleasantly surprised and will definitely stay again.	
Jun 19 2007	noisy and disorganised	this hotel is being renovated at present but I was given an unrenovated room on the floor where building work was taking place .The room was only just adequate with noise all night from outside traffic , There was no sound proofing at all.I had very little sleep. IT was very fortunate for me because I asked for an alarm call at 7 .30 but this did not happen but I was already awake . In fact I stayed awake most of the night in a very dull basic room with drab , furnishings . The lack of alarm call is unforgiveable in a city hotel where guests have appointments . It did reflect the general organisation of this hotel which Iam unable to recommend	
Jun 16 2007 	Building works a problem...	Stayed for one night during recent business trip.Room really tired and awaiting renovation. Bed most uncomfortable with wafer thin pillows. Hot breakfast quite unremarkable low grade produce, syrup based watery juices etc.Building work started very early and I caught a face full of dust from rubble as a team of builders were demolishing the room next door but one!! Most other hotels I have known, close as a minimum the floor in which heavy work is taking place. Not at this place. Good job I didn't want to sleep in that day.Avoid this place at least until the refurbishment finishes and even then, only if you have little or no option,	
Jun 8 2007 	Don't stay here until the building work is completed	Just returned from an overnight stay at the Bonnington Bloomsbury and I have to say I was very disappointed.I know it says that there is minor disruption between the hours of 8am and 6pm, but they seemed to be drilling and banging right above our heads. My wife and I were very tired and wanted a rest before heading out to see a show, but we couldn't even hear ourselves talk, nevermind speak!We stayed in the old first floor rooms. The bed itself was clean, but on one side of the bed, there was not enough room to walk and this was not helped by putting a trouser press on the wall beside it. So we could only get in and out of the bed on one side.My wife and I are both tall, so the bath was out, but the shower was fine. There was a mouldy looking bar of green soap in the bathroom, which we were supposed to wash with and neither of us could reach the toilet roll which was on the far wall (and as I said before, we are both tall people).Breakfast was good, although we were forced to go down a little earlier than we wanted to. We booked a theatre trip for a break and a rest, but we were unable to rest thanks to the unbelievable noise from the builders.I would gladly pay a little extra to stay at another hotel next time I stay in London. The hotel should not sell rooms within the direct vacininty of where the builders are working.	
Jun 5 2007 	Really nice place to stay	Just returned from staying at the Bonnington Hotel in Bloomsbury. Stopped in London for a few days on the way back to the states. stayed on the second floor facing a pritty street with a park. The room was a nice size for a European hotel. Bath was nice (took a nice soak in the tub). Clean and comfortable. The hotel is smoke free (started on May 1st). The breakfast was nice. Transportation on the tube was easy (Holburn station just 2 blocks away) The staff was very pleasant and helpful. Would recommend this hotel highly!!	
Jun 3 2007 	Had a great stay	I stayed at the Bonnington for one night in April '07. Location and service were excellent. Breakfast was very good and if you like to walk around a most interesting part of London, the Bonnington is the place to stay. My room was a double, with lots of space for one. The shower was just great, too! I'd stay there again.	
Jun 3 2007 	Very Nice Stay	We stayed at the Bonnington on my birthday in December as part of a Theatre trip.Well the staff were very helpful and looked after us extremely well even though we tried to check in just a little early.We had a very nice coffee and toasted Sandwich lunch in the bar area, which was very well priced and very tasty. I was shocked just how inexpensive it was.The room was very well appointed with everything we could possibly need, even an extra bed and was extremely comfortable.Everything was clean and tidy although our TV didn't work. If we were staying longer and didn't have shopping to do and shows to see we would have complained. As it was TV was the last thing on our mind.After our show and just slightly on an adrenaline high we chilled out in the bar and again the drinks prices were pretty good, a. for London and B for a hotel.Breakfast included in the price was very nice althoug the juice machine was a bit tempremental and we had a lot of trouble getting a pot of coffee. It was quite busy but somehow we seemd to be invisible to the waiting staff when asking for coffee.Overall it was a good trip and the hotel did exactly what we wanted to do. I would have no hesitation to return to the Bonnington.	
May 31 2007 	Worth the money	I stayed at the hotel Saturday 26 May and having been through Tripadvisor to see which hotel I should stay in decided on the Bonnington and it is really worth the money. Would recommend anyone to stay there. Great room on the first floor at the back of the hotel overlooking the little play square from the flats so peaceful. Huge sized bathroom but oddly a very small bath (I am 5ft 8) and had to have knees folded to sit in it. Breakfast was worth having and I would pay for it if I had had to.Only small point that I did not like (and this is my own personal preference) was that the bed was reaaallly squishy but it was comfy. Tip I found the same room on lastminute but it was slightly cheaper booking through the hotels website.	
May 25 2007 	Great location	Stayed at the Bonnington Bloomsbury last september, great location, walked everywhere. madame tussauds, london zoo, dominion theatre (10min walk) and 10min walk from oxford street, hotel is near a park which is nice just to sit in and relax. rooms are clean and tidy and reception area is nice and big, breakfast has a wide variety and is really nice. SO...Great location!Clean and tidy!Lovely breakfast!	
May 23 2007 	Great hotel	I booked the hotel through hoteldoorman.com (excellent site and service) for £97 for a twin room and breakfast. From the reviews I was aware that there would be renovations and that for that price we would get one of the &quot;old rooms&quot; which we did. The room was clean, smart and well stocked so perfect for what we wanted. I try to stay in 4 star hotels as cheap as I can so I have relative comfort but at a reasonable price. Depending on which website you look at depends on what rating the Bonnington gets. However I would definitely rate it as a 4 when compared to the 3 star and 4 star places I have stayed in in the past.Staff on reception were lovely and helpful and let us check in at 11.30.Breakfast was delicious and plentiful.I would definitely stay there again but no doubt when it has been fully refurbished I won't be able to afford it!	
May 22 2007	Bonnington Hotel Stay	We just returned from a stay in London, and part of it was two nights at the Bonnington. Great location to either walk or take the Russell Square or Holborn Tube. The hotel was clean, modern, with pleasant, helpful staff, nice breakfast, which included some warm food. We ate in the bar and found the food good and the staff personable. Would highly recommend a stay there. We were there on a weekend, and did not notice any noise or inconvenience from their remodeling, not even on Monday morning. We walked to the Russell Square tube station and took the Piccadilly Line directly to Heathrow for 4 pounds each. It took an hour to get there, but was less expensive and quicker than most any other means. The Russel Square station has a lift, which was very helpful with three pieces of luggage to manage. (Hobson is close to the Bonnington, also, but does not have a life and the escalators are very steep.)We enjoyed the many free museums in the area, plus the British Library. It was also near enought to the theater district that we walked there and saw a matinee performance of &quot;Evita&quot;.	
May 22 2007 	Small rooms big breakfasts	I stayed there recently for 4 days and my view of the place is ambivalent. The first room they gave me (118) was tiny, tawdry, and neither the shower nor the wireless access worked. When I complained they put up no resistance and immediatley gave me a room on the 6th floor that was also tiny but at least had the promised amenities and had been recently renovated.My biggest issue with the hotel was the very noisy cleaning team that seemed to go about their business very early in the morning (7-8AM) and woke me each morning long before I was ready to be woken.On the plus side, the location is wonderful - very close to Russell Square Tube Station and beautiful Russell Square - and the shops and theatres of the West End are easily accessible.Also, the breakfast (included in the room price) was splendid - one of the very best I've encountered.	
May 20 2007 	nightmare	We arrived on the Wednesday &amp; after trying to put up with the sound of pneumatic drilling for an hour went to the desk to be moved. The duty manger said the work was the whole of the 2nd floor. We were shown a room on the 5th floor but the noise goes through the whole building! Apparently you are not expected to use your room from 8 till 6. The LOUD noise starts at 8.10 We were told to put up with it or ship out! It was cup final weekend &amp; all other hotels were booked. AVOID AVOID AVOID I cant make it any plainer!	
May 17 2007 	Comfortable hotel in a great location	Myself and 2 friends stayed at the Bonnington last weekend as we werein town for a friend's hen party in Trafalgar Square and didn't want to catch the late night train home. I chose the Bonnington because the majority of reviews I'd read were really positive, plus the price - £139 including full breakfast between the three of us (booking directly with the hotel) seemed to be good value for a central London hotel.Our Executive triple room (rm 403, overlooking the street but very quiet) was a good size and had a standard double and single (fold out) bed..Overall it was pretty comfortable with brand new fixtures and fittings.The one negative thing I would say is that the service was a little on the shoddy side. The bartender couldn't direct us to Covent Garden(despite it being only a 10 minute walk away), there weren't enough towels in the room (had to wait almost an hour for them to be bought to the room) and the conceirge was never there when we needed him! Having said that the location was fantastic and the hot/cold buffet breakfast was really impressive - probably the best I've ever seen in a hotel of this standard. I would definitely stay here again but would keep my fingers crossed that service improves.....	
May 15 2007 	Close to Perfect	It would be hard for me to write anything but praise for this charming Bloomsbury hotel. Perfectly located about half way between the Russell Square and Holborn underground stations (direct access to Heathrow via the Piccadilly Line - use Russell Square station when travelling with luggage as it uses lifts to take you to and from track level), and 2 blocks to the British Museum, the hotel is within reasonable walking distance of most central London attractions. The hotel is currently under renovations, and my room - a standard single - was virtually brand new. A comfortable plush bed, coffee/tea service, flat screen tv, large wardrobe with safe, and a beautifully tiled complete bathroom. My hotel/air package through Expedia was a very good bargain and came with complimentary English buffet breakfast each day which is delicious and wholesome. The service from the staff at the breakfast and the service from the hotel's general staff was excellent every time. I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again providing rates do not go up too much.	
May 15 2007 	Great overnight stay in fab hotel	We had a one night stay in London as we were going to a concert. I booked the Bonnigton and it was perfect for our needs. Great location all of Theatreland and the West End walking distance. Also walking distance from Kings Cross, St Pancas and Euston mainlines. Great staff and plentiful breakfast everything you could want on the menu.	
May 14 2007	Bad and good balance out?	My stay in the Bonnington was actually for two nights Dec 23 and 24. However, due to missing my Eurostar, I only stayed Dec 24. I think if I had stayed the first night, I would've dreaded the second. But I will start with the good stuff. The bathroom was great (clean, water pressure, size). The room service food was great. The maid and bellhop were kind. ONE of the front desk staffers was kind (he's the one who answered when I called from Belgium, explaining my situation). The heat was good, the t.v. channels were good and the blankets were warm. Now the bad... Despite the fact I was traveling alone, the room was unbelievably small. When friends saw pictures, they thought it was a fancy jail. The mattress wasn't a mattress. It was more like a few layers of cotton on a park bench. But the worst part? I was right near the staff/freight elevator. It had the loudest opening and closing I've ever heard. And of course the loud staff chatter was un-fun (why was there so much activity all into the wee hours of Christmas?). I tried earplugs, to no avail. Finally, the solution was to use the t.v. to drown out the sound and to dream of sleeping on the cross-Atlantic flight. Overall, the location, warmth and bathroom made the hotel decent... especially in comparison to other less convenient and more expensive hotels. If I dare stay there again, I will be sure to check where the staff/freight elevator is before I settle into my room.	
May 11 2007 	Not a bad word to say. Great Breakfast	My wife and I stayed at the Bonnington for 5 night on the first leg of our Honeymoon and then again for 1 night in the final leg. I booked this hotel after reading many reviews of this and other hotels in the Bloomsbury area. The first room we got (506) is a fair bit smaller than the rooms in the photo's shown on this site. The standard of the room was still clean and comfortable. The second room we got (436) for one night was the same size as shown in these photo's, much bigger than room 506.The first 5 nights I booked thru Hoteldoorman.com and could only manage to get a rate of 111pounds per night for the 'superior room'. When I booked for the final night (monday night) I was able to get a rate of GBP79 for a standard and GBP89 for the superior room. I'm not sure if I got the good rate because I was there already or because it was for a monday night???The first 5 nights, the room was at the front of the hotel which is on southhampton row, quite a bust street. I'm not sure if its because we were knackered after the longs days walking around but we were not bothered by any traffic noise at all when going to sleep. The windows are double glazed and the room airconditioned.I have to comment on the breakfast, as said before it's great!Cant fault this hotel and could recommend it.	
May 10 2007 	Good choice for a Cemtral London Hotel	I stayed at the Bonnington for a night a couple of weeks ago and was very impressed. The hotel is in a great location, with most of the central London sights fairly close by. The room was excellent and given it was at the back of the hotel very quiet. I didn't eat in the hotel but all the communal areas where well laid out. I'd definitely be happy to stay there again	
Apr 30 2007 	Wonderful stay at the Bonnington	B. Kerr, Medina, TennesseeMy husband &amp; I stayed at the Bonnington September 16, 2006-September 21, 2006. Our room was in the back of the hotel so that we had no problem with street noise, etc. We could not have asked for a better place to stay. As other reviewers have noted, it is very convenient to the tube. We did not take a taxi the entire time we were there. Everything is so accessible via the tube. We would definitely stay at the Bonnington again. We were concerned about the size of the room based on reviews we had read, however, we had no problem with the size of our room. We were very comfortable and, as most americans tend to do, we had far too much luggage. We were pleasantly surprised to find we had plenty of room for it. The hotel staff was very friendly and always helped with any questions we had. We also had 4 people traveling with us, they also would stay at the Bonnington again. We ate breakfast at the hotel every morning. The food was very satisfactory and there was a good range to select from. We were surprised at how warm the temperature was at that time of year, however, we had no problem with the AC. We enjoyed visiting London immensely; we would definitely love to visit both London and the Bonnington again. Happy travels.	
Apr 22 2007 	fantastic	stayed here in march fantastic hotel staff very helpful room not oversized but very clean and tidy have stayed in the area several times this is the best so far highly recommended there is a first class indian restaurant close by very reasonable!!! excellent location will def use again 5***** hotel	
Apr 22 2007 	Great location noisy though!	I secured a great rate for this hotel via the ba dot com website. The booking was prepaid by BA Holidays, so all I had to do was show up. The hotel is located in Bloomsbury. It's on Southampton Row. This is accessible by the Tube on the Piccadilly line. Closest tube station is Holborn; it's about a 65 minute ride direct from Heathrow.The road I was in (#104) was as big as a shoebox (really). Every time I opened the door, I was afraid that I would knock the TV off it's stand on the wall... As long as you don't plan on spending any time in the room other than bathing and sleeping, it should be fine.Be advised that there is construction going on in the hotel to upgrade the star status. If you are looking to sleep in in the mornings, then be sure to ask for a quiet room if that's even possible.The breakfast buffet was pretty good. Everything tasted great (I did not try the scrambled eggs- I would guess they were powdered?). Selection includes, fried eggs, bean, toast, sausages, mushrooms. There was a great selection of cold cuts (hams, different cheeses) fresh rolls, croissants and jellies. Two types of juices, coffee and tea. I had the full breakfast included in my hotel rate. If I remember correctly the breakfast price list was on the table, it was 10.95-13.95 pounds for the full English breakfast. It seemed a bit high, but you're in a london hotel.The Malt bar in the hotel had great atmosphere, and the staff was very friendly. The place was always packed for lunch. Their lunch menu selection was very good. There are 4 flat screen (big ones) in the Malt Bar, so you can watch the latest football (soccer!) game, or the news, or some other local shows if that's your preference.The hotel is a 15 minute walk to Covent Garden. If you're not a big walker, it's 5 minutes to the Holborn Tbe station and then you can get to Covent Garden and beyond that way. For the coffee drinkers, there are 2 Starbucks on the way to Covent Garden from the hotel.Overall, I think the hotel was quite good. The worst part was the fact that I couldn't sleep in because of the noise (construction) factor. I didn't see too many families there, it could have been the time of year I was traveling (March 31st to April 3rd)Would I stay there again, yes, but preferably after the construction is done. Let's just hope that the rates don't skyroket after the upgrade is done...	
Apr 13 2007 	Terrible food Internet down	We chose this hotel for its location, breakfast included, and the (promised) Wifi throughout the hotel. Well, the food was terrible (lots of frozen stuff heated up). More importantly, the Wifi was down in the room, making it necessary to work in the lobby with my laptop, all paperwork, etc. When we complained, different staff always promised it would get fixed and someone would get back to us (every day of our six day stay) and no one ever did. Then the manager argued that because the Wifi was &quot;free,&quot; he shouldn't give us a discount. We explained that was a key reason we chose the hotel and since they advertised it on their Web site, they should either have it or discount for not having it (forget their staff not telling us the truth about it). He ended up knocking a few pounds per day off the bill. The room was nice and so was the bathroom but service was just not OK. When we had problems with the TV, the staff was (again) of no use. Given the hotel's failure to tell the truth about their problems or have anyone on staff to deal with the problems over the weekend --and their reluctance to make amends in the bill, we won't ever stay there again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Would return to the Bonnington	Just returned home from a four-day stay in the Bonnington Hotel.Had a great time and would recommend this hotel - great location (near a few tube stops and a lovely safe area - lots of restaurants and bars nearby - as well as the British Museum, only a matter of minutes away and on the doorstep of the West End). The hotel was not only central but had good facilites (such as a nice bar, foyer area, gym and restaurant) and our room was excellent - offering tea and coffee tray and spotless. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful.We booked the hotel through expedia and got a great rate which included cooked breakfast (which set us up for the day). The rate was possibly very reasonable as the hotel is undergoing refurishment to 4* standard - so there was building noise (especially drilling) from early morning - but we knew that in advance and to be honest it wasn't too much of a distraction as we were there for a holiday and not to lie-in!I would definitely stay in the Bonnington again - and recommend it to family and friends - as a quality and comfortable hotel in a prime location for a sight-seeing trip to London.	
Apr 10 2007 	Beautiful District Great Food Great Conditions!	I stayed at the Bonnington from April 5th to April 9th. I decided to take a cab there from Heathrow because of my jetlaggedness, and it ended up costing 70 pounds, about $130 (pretty hefty price tag). I arrived around 10am, therefore I couldn't check in till around 1:30 which was frustrating, but the lobby is very comfortable and you can store your luggage in a special room. I decided on the Bonnington after weeks of thorough researching, I even read all the reviews from this site and compared the positives and negatives. I had a free breakfeast included in my stay which tasted average, not great but not bad. The lunch and dinner at the hotel restaurant however was spectacular. My room was fairly small, but expected. I decided to upgrade from a standard single to a standard double because I was staying 2 nights alone and 2 nights with a friend. Even if you are going by yourself, you should probably upgrade to the double. The duvet and the pillows were goose down and very comfortable. The walls are fairly thin, so you can pretty much hear whats going on in the room next to you. I staying on the first floor, towards the back of the hotel because I was worried about the construction noise, which I barely heard. The Bonnington is perfectly situated near the major tube line Holburn which you can take to Heathrow for only 3 pounds.	
Mar 26 2007 	Terrific Value	I needed a reasonable hotel for a one night stay and in a 'safe' and decent part of London, not too far from the Embankment (lone female).I know Holborn is fine so I looked around for hotels there (and other) areas. The Bonnington seemed to be too good to be true - £57 for a single room (which of course are always a premium) and this included full English breakfast. My room was spotless, quiet and had every amenity I could need - (it clearly was a refurbished room so older rooms may not be so good?) Staff were pleasant and most(!) understood/spoke English. The evening meal was perfectly OK - nothingsparkling but fine. The breakfast was wonderful (I was down early as had early start) and they had everything you could possbily think of and it all looked fresh and inviting. This was a (self-employed) business trip but I'll definitely consider it when we have our next family trip to London.	
Mar 23 2007 	The Bonnington Blooms Well	For me, the perfect place! LOCATION: mid-way between Holborn and the Russell Square tube stations on the Piccadilly Line (NB: Holborn is also on Central Line BUT has more steps &amp; escalators), literally a stone's throw from the BM and surrounding Bloomsbury and a pleasant walk to Covent Garden and beyond. SERVICE: helpful and friendly (kindly lady at breakfast reception). VALUE: smallish rooms (but then I've always booked a single) - though the bright bathroom is certainly standard size - extremely clean with modernist decor (i.e., no florals or dark woods) and efficient AC; great continental breakfast that tends to be upgraded to the full version (if you need the extra protein ...); far and away, best price for same level area hotels during my last three visits. The future? Renovations underway on floor above during my Feb. stay, presumably to move this great place up to &quot;4 Star&quot; status. Hope and pray the prices don't go up by too much ...	
Mar 21 2007 	good hotel in a great location	I stayed at the Bonnington for one night in March 2007. It is in a terrific location - a few minutes' walk from Holborn tube station (which is on the Picadilly line, direct from Heathrow, so much easier - and cheaper - than getting the Heathrow Express from Paddington and having to figure out how to continue from there) and fifteen minutes' walk from Covent Garden and the theatre district. I booked on lastminute.com and got a great rate - 139 euro for bed and breakfast in a single executive room. The room was on the top (sixth) floor at the front of the building, lovely and bright. Lots of space, a flat-screen tv, a dvd player, a comfortable bed and a nice bathroom. The floor was a sort of wood laminate which was the only thing that looked a bit worn, but I would much rather have a clean hard surface than suspect carpet. The room had a safe, a hairdryer, tea and coffee-making facilities and a fridge. Wireless internet vouchers can be bought at reception (£4 stg for three hours ... £10 stg for twelve hours). Breakfast was from 7 to 10 in a bright, airy room ... a buffet, so not cooked to order, but perfectly edible. The staff were uniformly friendly. I'll be back.	
Mar 16 2007	Perfect Location for a short visit to London	We have just spent two nights at the Bonnington Hotel, Southampton Row, London. We were allocated a room towards the rear of the hotel, which although small was more than adequate for our needs, and very quiet. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the air conditioning unit worked very well and was very quiet. The hotel was in the process of being upgraded and notices informed guests that work would be carried out between 8am and 6pm, this did not affect us as were out during those hours. The staff were very pleasant and attentive, and the buffet breakfast was excellent. A nice touch was that you can leave your luggage at the hotel on departure day if your transport is not until later in the day. The hotel's location was excellent for walking to tourist areas e.g. British Museum, Oxford Street, and if you enjoy walking a little further then the London Eye and the Millenium 'wobbly bridge' and Tate Modern are worth the extra walk. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 11 2007 	An okay hotel if you get a cheap rate	Stayed at this hotel from 2/25 to 3/5, which is a decent amount of time to spend in a hotel, for a mix of business and pleasure.I really like the area the Bonnington is in - not too touristy, very close to the tube and busses, and just down the street from the British Museum.The biggest problem I had with the hotel was the sporadic internet access in my room and the construction. At the time I booked, on a travel site almost two months in advance, there was no mention of construction/renovations. However, sure enough, when I arrived, there was pounding and drilling non stop from 8am - 6pm.I'm sure the hotel will be nicer too, once it's updated, but then the rates will probably skyrocket. So, if you can get a decent rate and don't plan on sleeping in or checking email, this is a decent, low budget(for now at least) place to stay.	
Mar 10 2007 	Loved this hotel	Stayed at the Bonnington for a 3-night break, March 2nd, loved this hotel. Room was lovely, recently done up, a little small but how big do you need it to be, it's not like your having a party in there. Great location a couple of minutes walk from Holborn tube, about 5 to 10 minutes walk from Covent Garden. The hot buffet breakfast was great, had everything you could want for breakfast.They are renovating and the noise was a bit annoying but we were only in the room for about an hour in morning so it's not to bad.I would definitely stay at this hotel again as it's clean, modern, great location, helpful staff, breakfast included and not to expensive.	
Feb 25 2007 	Greeat Central Location	Stayed in one of the hotel's executive rooms which was spacious and well appointed. Understand the hotel is being upgraded to 4 star status. Check-in was efficient and fast as was check out. Would recommend to all due to central location - its only 3mins walk from Holborn Station. Would recommend staff been given some customer service training which will give this hotel the edge over its local competitors. Woudl recommend not allowing smoking in the executive lounge through whoich one has to walk to get to the executive lift.	
Feb 21 2007	Brilliant Hotel!	Just came back from a short Theatre break in London and would recommend this Hotel to anyone visiting the capital! The Hotel was very clean and extremely modern and yes, the room was small, but for a short break, rather than a fortnight, it was perfect. The bathroom was excellent too. I was very impressed! Although you had to pay extra at breakfast for the cooked food, such as eggs and bacon, we were still given endless toast and tea, so were plenty satisfied. The location itself is excellent, literally a 5 minute walk to Convent Garden or Oxford Street and although Russell Square Tube was on our doorstep, we found we didn't need to use the Tube once as the heart of London was so close by. I also thought the area was very safe. I could find no fault with this Hotel and would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others. Well done the Bonnington!!	
Feb 6 2007 	Disappointing	With all the positive reviews this hotel gets I felt confident choosing this property for this, our first London stay. After staying at the Bonnington I just keep shaking my head, wondering what hotel these reviewers stayed in. There are only two positive things I have to say about this hotel. #1: The cost of breakfast is included in the room rate. The food was decent if you don't eat the (powdered) scrambled eggs. #2: The room, itself, is not bad. Although, I had more storage space in Paris in a room half the size of this one. There is room for one medium to large suitcase. The bathroom was roomy; one shelf for bathroom items; but, be careful in and out of the tub unless you are over 6 feet tall -- its sides are very high. But, unfortunately, there is more to a hotel than the room. I found this to be a poor location for tourist purposes. The metro station is four blocks away. Perhaps I am spoiled by New York and Paris where the underground entrances are very close -- within a block -- of many hotels. And, as far as the actual neighborhood of the Bonnington...not much there. Two decent restaurants in an eight block radius. I didn't see any pubs in the area. If I were going to recommend this hotel, it would be for business travelers only.	
Feb 1 2007	lovely hotel-central position	i chose this hotel as part of a trip to london to see a show--very convienient for Holborn and Russell Square tubes.Rooms very clean and comfortable with plenty of tea and coffee privided.only down point was that our room was at the rear of the building so we were disturbed very early in the morning by deliveries!!!breakfast was lovely- high quality-staff all very friendly.would recommend and will definatly use again.	
Jan 30 2007 	Almost what I expected	I selected the Bonnington based on the reviews I read on TripAdvisor. I booked through the BA website and got an excellect rate, which was much lower than other websites and significantly lower the the hotel website. About 3 days before my journey I checked rates on the hotel website again. Last minute you were able to get a superior room for the same price as my standard room. (Be advised) We arrived around 1:00pm and were told there were no rooms available. Since we had just flown overnight from the States, we asked if there was any way we could get a room, since check-in was in less than an hour. After a few moments the desk clerk returned with a room (231).  The room was large for European standards and it was clean.  The bathroom was very large but I wasn't expecting the chunks of tile grout that were loose on the bathroom floor. You had to throw a towel on the floor in order to avoid it. Perhaps this is why the room was available for early check-in. The only bathroom amenities were a small bar of soap and a combo shower gel/shampoo hanging on the wall. If you needed anything else they were available for purchase (2pound 50 each).  Full English breakfast was included in our rate and it was fantastic. Everything was hot and plentiful.  The concierge was hit or miss. There was one concierge that was excellent. He was very helpful and offered great advice. The other concierge did not seem to know much. Whenever we would ask him for advice (i.e. what's a good restaurant near the hotel), he would pull out a map and show us where Covent Gardens was.  The Malt Bar was very good. It was open later than most nearby Pubs and had a good range of beverages.  Overall I would recommend the Bonnington. The price was good and it was in a good location.	
Jan 16 2007 	Good Value for Central London	I stayed at the Bonnington with my husband for a last minute 1 night birthday break.We booked with the hotel's website and got a great deal of £97 for one night bed and breakfast in a deluxe room (in the newer executive wing).On arrival, check in was quick. We went to our room but unfortunately, as we opened the door the smell of stale cigarete smoke hit us. I don't have a problem staying in a smoking room and having a slight smell lingering, but this was pretty awful! Anyway, we went back to reception and explained this to them, and they moved us to a non-smoking room without any problems. It would however have been useful if they had asked us our preference on check-in and this situation could easily have been avoided.The room we then went to was fine - it was a reasonable size, although we found out later that it was actually an executive room which is rather larger than the deluxe one we should have had. I do understand those people who have written that the rooms are tiny because we took a quick look at a standard one when we were leaving and they were really small!Breakfast in the hotel was Ok - buffet style so the food isn't always piping hot but it was better than many hotels we have stayed in at this price range so no complaints here.Location is great - about 10-15 minutes stroll from Covent Garden, easy to walk to Theatreland, a few minutes away from the British Museum and easy access to Holborn tube station. There are many restaurants and cafe bars in the immediate vicinity of the hotel so you won't have to spend fortune on taxi fares getting around.We had a good stay here and wouldn't hesitate to go back, although I think it would have to be in an executive room if you don't want to spend your time constantly walking into each other when trying to move around the smaller rooms!	
Dec 11 2006 	Should be nice when the renovations are done	I spent three nights at the Bonnington in early December. It's a great location, just a couple blocks from the British Museum and from the Holborn tube station, and I got a great price (for a room in central London). The room was tiny, but that seems to be the standard for a moderate priced room. The furnishings were bland but acceptable.What I wasn't prepared for was the major construction work going on in the room next to mine with hammering and power tools running from 9am to 5pm. Fortunately I arrived on the weekend so I was able to sleep my first afternoon to recover from the transatlantic flight. However, it was disappointing that I couldn't get in a rest on Monday afternoon before going out for the evening. I did have problems with the keycard system (as others have mentioned) and had to have my key recoded on the second day. The elevators had occasional problems too. The lobby is completely shutdown and dark overnight night -- if you plan to stay out late, you'll have to wait outside for a security guy to unlock the door and check your ID.	
Dec 9 2006 	Tiny room but great restaurant next door	I stayed at the Bonnington for one night on business.I was allocated one of the tiniest rooms I have ever seen in a hotel - I measured it and it was 10ft x 8ft. The bathroom had a reasonably full sized bath but was also small.I was paying a discounted rate of £86 but this is still poor value. Why is London unable to offer decent quality accommodation at a reasonable price?My disappointment at the room was assuaged however by a real discovery for eating. Trattoria Verdi is an Italian restaurant about 3 doors up from the hotel. It has bags of relaxed character, friendly staff and a reasonably priced (for London) menu. The food was very acceptable and it offered value for money. The Trattoria Verdi is the nearest I have come to a decent affordable dining experience in London in many years of visiting the city.	
Dec 5 2006 	Bonnington a great Hotel for us!	After four prior trips to London in conjunction with a Cunard Transatlantic crossing, all with a London stay in 4-5 star hotels, this time I went for something deciededly more economical. Also had to be located close the the British Museum. After research and use of Trip Advisor, I narrowed the choices down to a few hotels. Ultimately I chose the Bonnington. We were not only happy with the choice, but would stay there again. Booked the room via hotel's website. It included the full English breakfast- and it was great:Service, buffet selection, food quality, decor, etc. Upon check in we were assigned a room in the &quot;executive&quot; area, ground floor. Not sure if we were upgraded or it's what I booked, but the room was first class in every respect: New, large, fresh, modern, clean; bathroom large and spotless. In all, apperaed to be a total renovation of the area to cater to a more demanding clientele? Regardless, we were impressed. Only negartive was the &quot;view&quot; out the window of an inner courtyard that doulbled as a warehouse for tables and chairs and what not. Junky looking. But, the room was QUIET. Beds were great. I can not speak for the other rooms, just ours. Better than most US hotel rooms without a doubt. For my son and I, I paid 103 pounds. Since it included a REAL breakfast , and considering it was London, I was satisfied with the deal. I'll go back!	
Dec 2 2006 	2 nights stay in the bonnington hotel	I chose the Bonnington Hotel after several good critiques of trip advisor.I arrived at 18 hours on a week day and had a 20 minute wait at the check in.I asked for a quiet room and indeed got a quiet room.The room was a bit frayed and needed repainting but was clean.Bathroom also clean.Breakfast was good and staff helpful.The hotel is undergoing a redo and should be worth it's price when done up.It is right next to the British Museum.M Huët,Switzerland.	
Dec 1 2006 	Excellent Location Great Hotel 	Small clean comfortable room. Stayed 7 nights in a room facing busy Southampton Row. Double windows reduced noise level and it was possible to open the windows. Air - Conditioning could be switched off. Hot &amp; cold buffet breakfast ( 7am ) had plenty of choices. Good prices offered on some accomodation websites, it pays to compare a few sites as price can vary with the week of the year. A convenience store is located next to hotel and a variety of eating places &amp; pubs are nearby. Russell Square &amp; Holborn Tube (Underground) stations are about 5 minutes walk in opposite directions. First time London visitors can use the Hotelink door-door shared shuttle service for the airport transfer(s).Repeat visitors can travel from Heathrow airport to Russell Square Underground station on the Piccadilly line. This will depend on the size &amp; quantity of luggage, your fitness level and navigating skills in a large city and very large airport. A number of buses pass the hotel and Russell Square is terminus for Route 7 (Oxford St to Paddington + ) and Route 188 to Waterloo Station &amp; Greenwich. Euston Mainline Station ( British Rail ) about 5+ minutes walk and Kings Cross / St Pancras are about 10+ minutes walk.British Museum is only 3 minutes walk and British Library is less than 10 minutes walk.Easy walking to Leicester Square, Oxford Circus, Piccadilly Circus, Regent's Park, St Paul's Cathedral and Trafalgar Square etc.Easy to purchase (cash / credit card) an Oyster card ( London Travel ) from the ticket office at Russell Square Tube Station.I will stay here again and would recommend it to others.	
Nov 22 2006 	Just what was required	I needed the room for an overnight prior to an important meeting. The room was small but bright and the desk a good size to complete my presentation. I was able to get a palletable sandwich later on. The room was quiet and comfortable . There was plenty of hot water for bathing in the morning. Breakfast was perfectly adequate. The hotel was generally clean and the staff were polite.The hotel provided the perfect start to my day.	
Nov 15 2006 	Absolutely not worth the money! You can do much better	We needed two nights at a hotel in Holborn/Bloomsbury before a flat we've rented became available. This hotel was close by and it gets fairly good reviews on this website. We didn't have much choice and so I just booked it. The price was outrageously high (180 pounds per night -- even though I know London is expensive, this place is more of a fancy hostle and the price just doesn't in any way match what you get for so much money). We needed two beds, and the room was so tiny we could hardly move. The bathroom was surprisingly big. But everything just seemed dingy. Not terribly clean. The elevator smelled strongly of bug spray. There was only one outlet in the room! I'm not kidding. I couldn't plug my laptop, cell phone charger or hair dryer in at the same time. We had to take turns using the electricity. The breakfast was pretty good, I have to admit, and it was included in the price. But we heard one of the staff muttering under his breath as we approached the food &quot;only 15 minutes left ...&quot; as if he were trying to wish us all away. The in-room internet turned out to be a total crock. We paid 15 pounds for 24 hours of service in our room. But the Bonnington wireless network only worked from our room when I sat on the floor squashed up against the door so my computer could detect the wireless access point that was not that far outside our door. I snuck out and turned the antena on the box a bit more in our direction and I think that helped, but I spent most of the first day with an aching back trying hard to get internet and then losing it every 5 minutes. Not a huge deal, but very annoying. There do seem to be other places in this area that get better reviews, and for the money definitely look around and see what else is out there before you book a room at the Bonnington. I don't think I'd stay there again.	
Nov 7 2006 	Perfectly adequate..but not perfect	Having read the reviews on line of numerous London Hotels I plumped for the Bonnington as it had a lot more positive reviews than most. I wanted to stay in somewhere fairly central and in a decent size hotel. I was not disappointed when I got there - the hotel check in was fast and efficient and i was in the room within 5 mins.The lifts are a bit on the small side, but I was only on the first floor. The temperature increased once out of the lift are so was glad of the air con in the room. I was in a single which I don't think had been renovated with possibly the exception of the bathroom which was massive for a single room and v clean.The room itself was ok - a bit dark as the window faced other buildings and had an air conditioning unit directly outside. I was hardly in the hotel though so made no difference to me.The main fault was the tv which had certainly seen better days - the sound was particularly bad for music and the Pay TV/Playstation wasn't responding. The breakfast was very good with plenty of choice and quick service on Tea /coffee/toast. I would get down before 9 though to avoid a rush. All in all the hotel met my needs well as a base, with good location and decent breakfast, and i would stay there again.	
Nov 7 2006	has advantages	Great location. Small room, older furniture and linen, new clean surprisingly large bathroom. Comfortable enough though cramped.The small room faced away from a noisy street, we saw some large rooms facing the street, but quiet was more important for us. Breakfast so so, barely worth the money. Fridge helped a lot.3 star? Maybe. But worthwhile hotel due to location.	
Oct 31 2006	Excellent Stay at a Great Hotel	I stayed at the Bonington for 6 nights in October. The room was a single standard, yes it was small, but it was very comfy, the bathroom was squeaky clean and modern and the room service was excellent and very welcome on the evening I used it. I found the room on Expedia, but booked through my local travel agent. Full breakfast was included and had everything you could possibly want, all fresh and served buffet style in their dining room. Convenient to two tube stations and buses right outside the door. I will definitely stay here again, and I enjoyed a room that faced the front. A few minutes walk to the front door of the British Museum. Concierge service was excellent, as were the early morning transfers they arranged for me to and from the airport...a little expensive but so worth it! I paid £89 per night and have no complaints. Also loved the Starbucks and the two pubs practically right next door :-))	
Oct 16 2006 	Good Standard Hotel	Stayed for Fri &amp; Sat night and could not falt the hotel in any aspect. Even the bar drinks were reasonbly priced for a London hotel. Would recommend staying there for any occassion.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel on 9th &amp; 10th October and loved it. I splashed out and booked an Executive room through lastminute and it was worth it. I arrived at about 1pm and my room was ready - the Executive rooms are in their own wing, my room had a huge king size bed, music system, tea and coffee facilities and a fridge which was great for storing milk - I drink a lot of tea! There was also complimentary water. The room was exceptionally clean with a duvet on the bed, much nicer than blankets. The bathroom was very clean, good water pressure in the shower, Gilchrist &amp; Soames toileteries. There was no view from the window, I over looked other buildings but I certainly didn't come to London to look out of my window. There was no outside noise and it was lovely and quiet. The room had its own air conditioning unit which was useful - I found the hotel very warm (as was London) and it was great to put the air con on and keep it on low all night.Being in the Executive wing I had a turn down service at night with chocolates on the bed!I had breakfast at the hotel which was great. Tea, coffee and toast were served at the table by the staff but everything else was buffet and there was a very good selection.The location of the hotel is excellent - in between Holborn and Russell Square tube stations and within walking distance of Kings Cross and St Pancras. I spent a lot of time walking from the hotel - Covent Garden, Charing Cross, Leicester Square etc. In the evening i went to the theatre to see Evita (excellent!) which was in the Strand and it took me less than 10 minutes to walk back to the hotel - and I felt quite safe walking back on my own. There are lots of restaurants and food shops in the area - can recommend Il Fornello - out of the hotel and turn right and it's less than a one minute walk. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Excellent Hotel In The Best Location	We stayed Fri and Sat nights and booked through Hotelsrus, and were given a great rate with breakfast included. I asked for a nice quiet room and on arrival was delighted with the room allocated (Room 219). It was very modern with a dark wooden effect floor, far cleaner than the normal carpeted floors you find in hotels. The bed was massive and spotlessly clean with all white linen. The bathroom had two sinks and an enormous bath and again was super clean. Breakfast was fine, great selection and a serve yourself layout so you can have as much or as little as you like. The staff were helpful and courteous without being intrusive.The hotel is situated in Southampton Row and is directly opposite to the street where the British Museum is located, it is within walking distance of Convent Garden, Oxford Street and most other central locations. I really couldn't fault the Bonnington in any way and will definately stay there again.	
Oct 8 2006 	Broomcupboard room	Stayed for one night at end of September for a Theatre Break. Pleasant Reception area, shame about some of the staff on it. Politeness and friendliness were definately NOT the order of the day.I think our room was possibly the smallest hotel room we have ever stayed in, definately not much bigger than a broom cupboard and tucked right at the end of a corridor, next to the Fire Exit door, (Room 133).At least it was a quiet room, or so we thought until a Disco started underneath our room, from the Function Room, getting louder the later it got, until 1 a.m.Breakfast was good. Queue moved quickly.Would go back again as great location but we will arrive earlier and check out room first!	
Oct 8 2006	Absolutely fantastic no bad points at all	Everything at this hotel was excellent. The room was great and had all the mod cons, such as plasma t.v. Air Confitioning etc. We even had a ironing board brought up at no extra charge.considering we were in central london the outside noise was minimal. Our breakfasts were gorgeous, and it was a help ypurself style, which was excelent.We were going to see the Dirty Dancing show at the Aldwych Theatre which was a 5 minute walk away, so was Oxford Street, leicester square and covent garden.Very close to Holbourn Station.Excellent hotel	
Oct 7 2006 	So pleasant - no problems	We were very pleased with the Bonnington. Our double room was well-decorated and, most importantly, clean. The bathroom is spotless! The hotel is comfortable and modern, and the staff were attentive and helpful. If you're taking your laptop with you, there is wireless internet available, however one can only buy three hours OR MORE for use in your room. There is an internet cafe in an alley opposite The British Museum (2 mins walk from the hotel) with free wireless access for customers - far nicer to sit on the sidewalk and surf.There were revovations going on on the upper floors of the hotel, but, true to their word, builders confined their noise to the decent, daylight hours, when your average tourist is out exploring the city. We were not at all inconvenienced.Breakfast is fantastic, far, far better than other hotels we've stayed in. The English breakfast was included in our room tariff - nicely done eggs, bacon, mushrooms, tomato, hash browns, sausage. Toast and coffee served by friendly waitresses.A big plus is that there are room safes and air conditioning - London was often stifling during our stay, so thank goodness for that! The hotel is ideally situated - you're close to 2 tube stations, and only a short stroll takes you down to the Tottenham Court Road and Soho. There are lovely parks in the area, and when the weather's as nice as it was when we were there, there's nothing better than a picnic dinner in the park.There is a small supermarket which carries the basics a few doors down from the hotel, and a larger Sainsbury's about 3 blocks away, opposite Holborn tube station. The Stock Pot in Soho's Old Compton road is great for a cheap and cheerful meal, and if you get a table outside, it's great for people watching.If you're a first-time traveller in London, get yourself an Oyster Card for use on the city's buses and tubes. It halved our transport costs. If you're considering buying an all-zone travel card - don't! It's highly unlikely you'll be travelling through all zones every day, and with the Oyster card you're paying 1.50 per single trip, as opposed to over 3.	
Oct 3 2006 	You got to get lucky	I've stayed on this hotel many times (around 20 or so) basically because it is convenient for me (very close to my office). I've always stayed in single rooms. The hotel and rooms are clean, breakfast is OK as well... but you just got to get lucky with the rooms. Sometimes you're given a nice single with a decent sized bed (not 80cm!), very quiet and spaceful and sometimes you're given (like my last time) a very small room, with small bed and extremely noisy (right next to the elevator and in the front of the property, having buses going past 4 metres away from you).I've also stayed once in one of their 'business' rooms (they upgraded me) and it's quite good... but I just don't know how much they cost!So, to summarize. I'd recommend this hotel but just make sure you get there early enough in order to be able to swap rooms in case you don't like yours and not be told the usual &quot;sorry, but we're fully booked tonight&quot;.	
Oct 1 2006 	Wonderful Hotel !!!!!	Wonderful hotel well located within walking distance of 2 underground tube lines. Stayed for 6 nights in mid August.We encountered no problems during our stay. The check in was fast and efficient. The rooms were clean and in good condition. The breakfasts were tasty with plenty of variety, the staff were very quick to clear plates from the tables. The prices in the bar were very reasonable. What more could you want as a tourist.Current ranking is not reflective of its true quality.Definitely staying there again when in London.	
Sep 24 2006 	Just ok	Good location, rooms were modest in size but tasteful. We were there on two of the hottest days of the summer, so we appreciated the air conditioning. However, I was congested from the minute we checked in to the minute we checked out -- the air conditioners must be moldy.The staff gave the appearance of being helpful, but the concierge gave us the wrong information for every significant question (3) we asked. It would have been better to say he didn't know.	
Sep 12 2006 	great location	what a great hotel,location perfect 5 min walk from the tube holborn ,the rooms were lovely and clean and modern we booked a twin and a single ,the breakfast was nice and fresh no old food hanging around and the service was great,i have stayed in a few hotels in london and this was far the best,my stay was a girlie weekend away we wanted somewhere central,clean and safe and thats what we got.	
Sep 5 2006 	Very disappointed	After reading so many positive reviews, I decided to book this hotel for 1 night, with my teenage daughter. We checked in OK, but were early so just left our suitcase in the luggage room, which is very useful, then returned later to check-in. Our room was located on the 1st floor at the back of the hotel. It was a nice room, decor was nice etc, with a lovely big bathroom. I carn't fault the room, if a little small. We were woken up around 3.30am with the tv from next door blaring away, the walls seemed very thin in this hotel, after listening to the noise for half an hour, I knocked loudly on the wall, &amp; eventually they turned it off. We were then woken up around 6.30 with lots of clattering of van &amp; lorries unloading &amp; tipping bins etc right outside our room, this carried on all morning, unfortunately we were located just above the back entrance of the hotel, so lorries were turning up all morning, so no late lie in for us !!The breakfast was very good tho, very good service &amp; lovely food. Apart from the location of the room, our stay was good, but if I stayed again I would check the location out again, &amp; try to stay away from the back entrance.Helpful staff tho, &amp; the luggage room is excellent.	
Sep 4 2006 	Pleasant and Enjoyable stay	Only stayed for 1 night, it was a busy Saturday but everything was as described and probably nicer than I was expecting for London.Slight queue for breakfast but the staff quickly cleared tables and never made you feel like you needed to rush.Room very quiet, at the back of the hotel, larger than expected and well kitted out, view of a brick wall but that's the price for quiet!Will definately stay there again	
Aug 18 2006 	Good location	We were in London in July and decided to try the Bonnington because of the positive reviews it received on Trip Advisor and it fulfilled our expectations. It was a great location, only a few minutes walk to Oxford Street and Holborn station which is on the direct tube line to Heathrow. Our room was rather small and the furniture could do with an update but the bed was exceptionally comfortable. We were on the sixth floor, facing the back and was very quiet. We were in London during a very hot spell so the airconditioning was very handy but it could do with a bar fridge to keep drinks cold. The bathroom was quite large, with a great shower pressure. We only had the continental breakfast but that was plentiful with choices of cereals, fruit, yoghurt, cold meats, cheese and different breads/rolls. The staff throughout breakfast were very efficient also. Just be aware that upon check-in, you are asked what newspaper you would like in the mornings but it is not mentioned that this would be charged to your bill upon check-out. Overall it was good value for money.	
Aug 7 2006	Fantastic!	We had a fantastic 5 night stay at the Bonnington. We have been to London several times, and this has been one of our best stays. You cannot beat the location! Shops, cafes, laundromats, post office, internet shop, and more is all at your doorstep when you stay at the Bonnington. The hotel staff were super friendly, and the concierge could not have been more helpful! The rooms were actually larger than expected, especially for UK standards. The air conditioning was definitely welcomed as London was experiencing a heat wave. One thing to note- the air conditioning is limited to 19-25 degrees Celsius. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, except it is only capable of running while the room key is inserted into a switch on the wall. We only had one key, had to take that one with us, so it was rather hot when we would return. It did not take long for it to cool down. This is not a complaint, just something that people should be expecting. Breakfast was good and efficiently run. You have to pay extra for the full breakfast, but the continental was filling and plentiful enough. All in all, it was a great place to stay!	
Jul 31 2006	One night stay did exactly what it said on the tin	Stayed at this hotel for one night on a Business trip and got a great rate of £47.50 from ebookers, paid a further £20 for parking for 24 hours so all in all under 70 quid for a Hotel in central London . Room was clean and Air- Conditioned, but small as is the norm for London hotels, although the Bathroom was a very good size and was almost as big as the room itself !! Staff were very nice and Courteous, even advising me not to pay the £10 for a 24 hours wireless internet voucher and just paying £3 for 3 hours as it was late and thats probably all i'd need...and they were right !!! Free Continental breakfast was perfectly acceptable for a little starter to the day, Selection of meats and cheeses did the job for me, and didnt cost me a penny. Good location too, only a 5 minute walk and you are on Oxford Street and within walking distance to the West End etc !! Overall i'm very impressed with the Bonnington and would go back there for a trip any time as its far superior to other so called &quot;premium &quot; hotels in london charging three times as much. Recommended	
Jul 28 2006 	Very pleasantly surprised	I stop in many London hotels on business and have learned not to expect too much. However, I was pleasantly surprised from checking in to checking out. Reception was impressive with friendly efficient staff. My 'single' room was actually a triple, newly decorated, plenty of space, peacefully situated away from the main road, with a more than adequate bathroom. Air conditioning made it easy to get the temperature right, bed was very comfortable and the corridor was quiet. Very easy to have a good night's sleep. Breakfast was nothing special, but more than adequate and staff were friendly and helpful. Altogether a very pleasant stay, in a nice hotel, in an excellent location.	
Jul 21 2006 	Baby It`s hot OUTSIDE !	We stayed in the Bonnington on 18/19th July both days when outside temperatures reached 36C in London Town.The Hotel came up trumps in every way and we could find very little to fault the place for.Reception was both efficient and friendly without fawning all over one.Checked in before 10 AM and were immediately offered bag stowage (With Tags) and directed to washrooms.(Must have been the Piccadilly lines distinctive fragrance).On our return in late afternoon we were allocated a perfectly acceptable room on the 3rd floor.The 2 bottles of water were a nice touch I felt alhough a small fridge was really necessary for the weather.A medium size air con unit worked excellently within the confines of the smallish room and was utilized to the full.Bathroom and toileteries were on the money and above average given the room rate.The breakfast buffet was perfectably acceptable and plenty of staff kept things moving at just the right pace.Overall the Bonnington is a Hotel which appears to operate at just about the right level and if it maintains it`s competitive rate will certainly get my London business again.	
Jul 20 2006 	a good base	i stayed at the bonnington as part of a theatre break deal and i was not dissappointed. the hotel is in a good location a 5 min walk to holborn tube. but the west end/covent garden etc is walkable in about 20 mins. sometimes it might be quicker than the tube. the road it is situated on is busy and has shops and restaurants. our room 209 faced this road but was quiet thanks to the double glazing. we found the staff to be very pleasent and friendly. room 209 was spacious by BRITISH STANDARDS but i don't think rooms without a bay window are quite so spacious. the bathroom was also spacious but the toilet paper does need to be moved nearer the loo. the room was clean and more than adequate for a short break. the only downside is that there was only BRITISH tv channels. the continental breakfast was included and filling. the cooked breakfast looked smashing. the lift is a bit small if you have a lot of luggage. that really is my only gripe. the building is over 90 years old but has been modernised well. you can see for yourself if you go to their website and take a virtual tour. with london offering so much to do both day and night, the bonnington is a very good hotel to base yourself in without breaking the bank or scrimping on standards in my opinion.	
Jul 15 2006	Extremely disappointed	My husband and I plus our 15 year old daughter booked a triple room for one night so that we could have a restful night after seeing one of the London shows.We didn't get any sleep because the room absolutely REEKED of cigarette smoke. The smoke had permeated into all the bedheads and bedding etc...it was absolutely disgusting.The next morning when we checked out we told the lady at the front desk and she told us that we had a smoking room. We were given no option when we booked in. We do NOT smoke and what on earth possessed the staff at the hotel to book a smoking room for us when they saw we had a 15 year old daughter?We feel that we really deserve to be refunded! Can anything be done to compensate us for the hotels mistake?	
Jun 29 2006	Great Location	Room, #601, was very small but very clean. Room was in back of hotel on top floor. No noise from street. Hotel has undergone extensive modernization. Bathroom fixtures are new. Plenty of hot water. All you can eat English breakfast. (Although, price quoted to public was way out of line against American $$.) Within walking distance of the British Museum and the Russell Square tube. Concierge was very helpful in confirming excursions and scheduling trip to Heathrow. Good restaurants in neighborhood, particularly Il Fornello. Neighborhood seemed safe in evening. Would not hestate to return.	
Jun 24 2006	Excellent value (but beware the slamming doors!)	I've stayed at the Bonnington twice, both times in the Executive Wing. The rooms are tastefully decorated and large - tall ceilings, big bathroom, large tub - and very comfortable. Excellent value for the money, especially with weekend rates. Check in is a breeze, more efficient than friendly - but that could be my jet lag speaking. Neighboorhood has enough places to eat and drink if you don't feel like venturing too far away. Close to two tube stops (Holborn and Russell Square). For the nervous traveler, a few things to note:The Executive Wing has six rooms, so there's a good chance you'll either be next to the elevator / elevator lobby or the stairwell at the other end of the floor. Both the elevator lobby and the stairwell can get noisy. The doors to the stairwell, as well as doors to the rooms, just slam shut - so if you're a light sleeper, watch out!Internet is expensive, I seem to remember it was about GBP10 per day, and you have to call the receptionist to purchase the appropriate vouchers. (They will give you the id and password over the phone, at least avoiding a trip to the lobby.) The wireless internet doesn't reach to the rooms furthest from the elevator in the Executive Wing and just barely works in the rooms nearest the elevators. I had to go to the lounge in order to use my computer.Very few channels on the TV, virtually nothing in foreign languages.Water pressure for the toilets is pretty poor. But no problems with the showers.Remember that, unless it's specifically included in your rate, the newspaper is extra - something to note for when they ask what paper you would like in the morning....One last thing - all the room numbers in the Executive Wing start with 7 - so the second number represent the floor, and the third number your room.	
Jun 13 2006	Comfortable and pleasant like you're at home	Stayed there more than once. If I want to go to London I would always choose this hotel. The personel is very helpful and friendly. If you are single and you like some space I would advice you to make a deal to stay in a twin room for a special rate. (I did that last year) Price / Quality = excellent.In the neighbourhood of Oxford Street, Covent Garden, The West End and around the corner is the British Museum. In between two tube stations Holborn and Russell Square. Holborn tube station has the two lines Piccadilly and (I think) the Central Line. Making an evening out in the West End is easy because it is very close. So you'll be 'home' in no time.Breakfast is very good, lost of things to choose about. Dining is also possible but restaurants are close by. Japanees, Indian, Italian. I advise you to try it.	
Jun 8 2006	Great Location and Value	Just spent 8 nights at the Bonnington. My first time in London and I lucked out. Room was large enough for 2 people, continental breakfast had all you needed. Staff was always helpful. More restaurants close by then you could ever need. Bus and tube close by. And a great price. When I go back, I won't even think of looking for another hotel.	
Jun 5 2006	Great Hotel Great Location!	Just got back from 9 days in London and Paris. We stayed at the Bonnington in London for a very reasonable rate. We expected an average hotel, but were pleasantly surprised. When we first walked into the hotel, we knew we were getting a far above average hotel. The decor is very nice, looks like it has been recently remodeled. The front desk clerks were very helpful. We were way too early to check in (7 am) but they were very helpful in storing our bags for us and directing us to the restrooms to freshen up. We came in later in the day and checked in with no problems. There were 3 elevators in the hotel, which were new as well. They were small, as we expected, but we were able to fit the two of us and our luggage comfortably. When we got to the room, we were pleasantly surprised again. We were expecting a room the size of a closet, as it is London and space comes at a premium. However, we found the room to be more than adequate in size, not much smaller than our bedroom at home. We had two twin beds that were extremely comfortable. The linen and decor also looked new and were very warm and inviting. There was ample closet space for the two of us and a full sized mirror on the inside of the closet door. The free bottled water was a lifesaver as well. We would take these with us while sightseeing each day. There was also tea and coffee along with an electric kettle. The bathroom was clean and tidy. The bathtub walls are high as mentioned in other reviews, but it is easy to adjust to. The heated towel rack was also a fun addition. The room had air conditioning that worked very well and was usually necessary when we came home during the day. We heard almost no noise the entire time we were there. The breakfast made the hotel an outstanding value. They ran the buffet very efficiently. We had no problem with service and a waitress came to us within minutes of being seated to ask if we wanted coffee/tea and toast. The buffet was extensive. The continental buffet was included with the price of the hotel, however, if you wanted any of the hot items (sausage, eggs, etc.) it was an additional 3.50 pounds. We never found the hot breakfast necessary as the food provided on the cold buffet was more than adequate. There were cold meats and cheeses, rolls, croissants, fruits, yogurt, cereal and toast provided along with an assortment of beverages. We often found that the breakfast kept us full into the early afternoon. The hotel is very central and located just minutes away from the Holborn tube station. We were able to make it to all our destinations in a short amount of time. Overall we thought this hotel was a fantastic find and I thank all the previous reviewers that helped us find this gem! The Bonnington will be our home base in London from now on!	
Jun 3 2006	Excellent value for money at the Bonnington	Excellent value for money - £69 for a single room plus breakfast, booked through Laterooms. A great deal better than a Travelodge at a similar price.Location spot on, handy for Holborn, Covent Garden as well as Euston and Kings Cross stations.Room was small but didn't lack anything. Two bottles of water plus usual tea, coffe etc, trouser press, air conditioning, powerful shower, comfortable bed - didn't want anything else.Breakfast was fine - nothing special but a good selection.Would recommend as a very good value city centre hotel.	
May 31 2006	Good hotel	Just spent two nights in this hotel, and was pleasantly surprised. I booked at the last minute online and got a good deal on a single, £107 for two nights inc breakfast. The room was small, but very clean, recently redecorated, and surprisingly had a comfy double bed. Nothing was lacking, except for hair conditioner, and the bottles of water were a welcome touch. They even fit a full-length mirror in the cupboard. I had requested a quiet room and was certainly given one. The breakfast was quite good with all the standard fare, although the staff seems to be lacking a decent system of keeping track of new arrivals, ie I had to ask for toast and it didn't arrive until after my eggs were cold. It would be in their best interest to set up an industrial toaster for patrons to use themselves, and the cold croissants could be put through as well. Overall very pleased with this find and would stay again.	
May 30 2006	We liked the Bonnington very much	We were very happy with our stay at the Bonnington. We were on the third floor at the back of the building so we had no street noise at all. The beds were very comfortable and the room was really clean. We enjoyed being able to raise the window for a little fresh air. There was plenty of space for our luggage and the bathroom was fine, although the bathtub had very tall sides and was a little narrow. The staff were polite and efficient at the front desk but the concierge wasn't particularly helpful. We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood and we took advantage of the Holborn tube stop every day we were there. We would definitely stay at the Bonnington again.	
May 30 2006	Disappointing and poor service	I stayed in March for a few nights. The hotel is tired looking, and in need of a good refurb. I had booked a single room, but it was right over the main road, so very noisy, very cold, miserable decor, and hardly enough room to extend your arms. I therefore decided to &quot;upgrade&quot; to a double room...more money for same poor standard of room. It's not THAT cheap either - but I suppose where is in London?Food was disappointing, as were the breakfasts. I was in 15 minutes before the end of breakfast being served, and everything had been cleaned away! When I asked for cooked breakfast, I was told that it had finished by a waitress who looked at me with such disdain that you would have thought I had just gone to the loo on her. The staff generally were pretty unhelpful, with the exception of the bar staff who were very good (the bar is the best thing about the hotel). All in all, a very disappointing experience. The only reason I would go is for the location - very good for city and west end. But pretty poor all round really. If you can spend a little more money go sonmeplace else.	
May 12 2006	GREAT location and value!	I had stayed before in Bloomsbury and passed the Bonnington, noting it looked like a nice hotel. It is conveniently located between two tube stations (Russell Square on the Piccadilly Line and Holborn on the Piccadilly and Central Lines, though Holborn is closer). It is near the British Museum (a VERY short walk), several good pubs, and High Holborn, which is the start of the Oxford Street area. About the hotel itself, it is MUCH nicer than I expected, since I booked a single room for a steal. I stayed at another 3-star tourist hotel (which I paid more for) last time I was in London (on the Strand) and it wasn’t close to as comfortable, clean and updated as the Bonnington. My room was small, though I expected that, but the bed was very comfortable and it had more than ample storage space…which is something single rooms often desperately lack. And most of all, it had air conditioning…I’m not sure if all rooms do (though I assume so) but I was extremely pleased mine did, especially after long walks and hours of shopping. I have already recommended this hotel to friends and I would not hesitate one second about staying here again…even if I had to pay more for it. This hotel is worth every penny!	
May 11 2006	Great hotel	Had a great night's stay at the Bonnington. Ideal location for the West End, walking distance to Covent Garden and 2 tube stations. Not sure how or why but got upgraded to an Executive Suite room which was amazing. There was a complete kitchen with microwave, cooker and enough room in the fridge for our own drinks, and a washing machine! Also chocolates on the pillow when we got back in the evening! The suite was airey and spacious, and extremely clean. Enjoyed playing with the electronic velux windows and blinds for a while! Bedroom located up some quite narrow stairs. Breafast was not the greatest but good selection and quick. Highly recomended.	
May 8 2006 	A Balanced View	If you are a reader of these reviews on the Bonnington, you will see a wide variety of opinions. We would fall somewhere in the middle, no raves, no absolute negatives. We stayed in the Bonnington from April 29-May 6. It was a mixture of holiday and business (I had a conference at London University, a short walk away). As most have written, it is a great location and particularly convenient for me, as well as for the British Museum (book in advance for the Michelangelo Drawings), the Sloan house museum, the Dickens House, the West End, Covent Garden, etc. We mostly used Holborn Station and bought a week's pass for unlimited travel on underground, buses within Zone 1, 2 at 22.20 pounds. We also walked a lot as things were easy to reach on foot. With a week's stay and need for a place to work, we opted for the Executive Room, and we are glad we did as I don't think we would have enjoyed that long a stay in a smaller room. It was expensive, except by London standards for which you don't get much value for money in hotels. Perhaps we should have asked for a room with two beds instead of a double, but I don't know if it would have been larger. Furnishings were modern. Ample closet space, safe, small fridge, cd player, and tv (limited stations). I needed the internet wifi hookup and it worked well, but the minimum block of time is three hours (must be done consecutively) for 3 pounds. The bathroom size was OK but it had a narrow high tub with a strange half door that made it hard to keep water from spilling over on to the floor. The room was clean and quiet, facing a back street, and we could open windows to get fresh air which we liked during some rather nice spring weather. We didn't use the executive lounge much because it seemed to attract all the smokers, and I didn't have time to use the small gym.The breakfast was fine (plenty of food but limited choices), but after a few days repititious. The hostess, described as gruff by some (and especially by the other help who described it like being in the army), was the friendliest person in the hotel to us, and saw to it that we got our favored location every morning. We went early and didn't experience having to wait on line, which on one holiday was very long as we left the hotel. Except for breakfast we ate our meals out at the Fornello, the Spaghetti House, and Cagney's, also had coffees in the cafe in Russell Square. We didn't find the desk very friendly or helpful. When we asked for a late check out they said it would be ten pounds an hour after one free hour (noon). I asked to have it checked with the manager since we had stayed a week. In the end we stayed three extra hours and were not charged. The concierge could be helpful in getting tickets and such but he seemed to be absent much of the time. In sum, our stay was fine, but not exceptional. It is not a hotel we would rave about, but it is as advertised, a three star establishment (maybe 3.5 for the executive room). So I wouldn't set one's expectations too high, but expect moderate accommodations at London prices.	
Apr 21 2006	Reasonable Place to Stay	The hotel was OK. A bit old but well kept up. Breakfast was included and the food was good. Wait staff was good also.First room had a bed that was so soft I had a hard time to keep from falling out. Asked the desk staff to fix the bed. Nothing happened. Finally I insisted on talking to a manager. She took us to another room but it had the same problem. The next room had a better bed.The first room was also across from a room being renovated so the area was very dusty.The rooms were very small.Health club was tiny but the equipment worked.One night the hotel had a large group of students staying. They packed the lobby, smoking cigarettes heavily. Eventually the smoke caused the fire alarm to go off. After that the management realized they had a problem and cleared the lobby, only letting guests enter the hotel.Nearby is a superb Chinese restaurant. There are a number of Italian restaurants very close by.	
Apr 7 2006	Excellent Choice - Great value location rooms and staff	We stayed at The Bonnington Hotel on 6th April 2006 for a theatre and shopping trip to London. I spent a long time looking at other hotels on various web sites before choosing this one based on price, location and of course Trip Advisor reviews. Quite often you have to put London hotels in a different class from others in the country and set your expectations a little lower but this is not the case with The Bonnigton. The hotel staff were all very polite and friendly and seemed to care that they gave a good impression.We stayed in a standard twin room on the first floor. The room was a good size, had air conditioning and was very clean and well maintained. The beds and bedding were very clean and comfortable. Despite some renovation work going on in other rooms there was no noise until after 8am and even then only briefly. Unlike many hotels the floor outside the rooms didn’t creak so you weren’t woken by other guests returning to their rooms.We didn’t have dinner in the hotel but the food looked very good and well priced. After our theatre trip we returned to the bar for a drink and even the bar prices seemed pretty fair for London.The only slight negative point was the 24 hour room service sandwiches which we had about 1am. Although only £2.95 the beef actually tasted off, the salad was very limp and tired and we ended up leaving most of it. Just a minor point and it was 1am after all.Breakfast was a slick and well organised buffet with plenty of staff available to help with tea, coffee and toast. Very good selection of hot and cold breakfast. The fry up was excellent with the choice of vegetarian or standard sausages and perfectly cooked fried eggs. Pretty much as soon as you’d finished with a bowl or plate the staff removed it which is really nice.Overall based on price, location, staff, room, noise I would have to give this hotel 10/10 and we would certainly stay here again next time we visit London.	
Mar 28 2006	Ugh - below average hotel	Positive - very comfy beds with down comforters and easy walking distance from the 'tube.Negative - everything else - terrible bathrooms, very 70's, very low water pressure in showers. Thin walls (felt like we were staying at beach hotel during spring break). Housekeeping staff that cannot read the &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs. A concierge that was always on the phone and could never seem to find the time to help us or even call a taxi. We also had to go thru several very heavy firewall doors to get to our rooms, very difficult with 3 weeks of clothing/luggage. Really was not impressed - and definitely would not recommend.	
Mar 18 2006 	basic but reasonable for location	I paid lastminute £67 for one night at this hotel. I had asked for a quiet non-smoker, but my room was a bit dowdy and situated on the front (room 109) on the first floor looking out at a busy junction - not a good start. I eventually got a good sleep (with earplugs). Lots of small restaurants in the vicinity and just a few hundred yards from the Russell Square Underground. Good breakfast, so overall, I can't really moan.I'd stay here again if I need to be in this location, but I'd definitely ask for a room on the back.	
Mar 13 2006	Great locationgreat value!	Chose the Bonnington for a weekend break in March after reading good reviews. The location is excellent, 3mins walk to the British Museum, 15 mins walk to theatreland and 20mins walk to St Pancras, Euston, Kings Cross and British Library. Great value for money for budget travellers, £81 per double room for b&amp;b with hotelsrus. Choice at breakfast was not huge but perfectly adequate in clean &amp; bright surroundings.The bedroom was a good size,no view, but no traffic noise either. Very impressed!	
Feb 25 2006	Wonderful hotel!	My mum and I stayed here for a shoppers weekend and could not fault the place. We usually stay in a Travelodge when we visit, but we will definetly come back again. The staff were very polite and helpful, the rooms were good and newly furnished (we had a good view being on the 5th floor) the location was excellent, 2 mins walk from Holborn Underground and 9 minutes walk to Covent Garden. There is a Tesco Express next door for essentials and loads of little restaurants on the same street. The breakfast was really good! Full english and continental, buffet style. We didn't eat at the other restaurant they had, but the menu looked nice. It also has 2 bars.Well worth the price. We booked by hotelsrus, which was cheaper than booking directly with the hotel. But all in all, a very good stay, and we will be coming back.	
Feb 23 2006	Very nice for the price...	I stayed at this hotel just recently for a week, and was quite impressed with all that I got for the price I paid. I stayed in the &quot;standard double&quot; which while admitedlly was much smaller then a comparably priced U.S. hotel room, was very comfortable. They appeared to be doing renovation work on some of the rooms and I think I had one that was more recently renovated as everything seemed very &quot;new&quot;, especially in the bathroom (great towel warming rack and deep comfortable bath tub). The bed was a little smaller then what I was expecting as &quot;queen sized&quot; (there were a few &quot;lumps&quot; as well), but overall the room was very comfortable, quiet, and clean. Housekeeping did a great job, and all of the staff I encountered during my stay were very polite and professional. The complimentary buffet breakfast served was absolutely comparable to a breakfast you would be paying at least ten dollars (or the equivalent in British Pounds) elsewhere in a stand-alone restaurant or pub somewhere else. The hotel is also in a great location - just minutes away from 2 tube stops, practically right in front of a bus stop, and just a few minutes walk from the British Museum. There are several &quot;convenience&quot; stores and restaurants within walking distance as well...it felt like a very safe area.Overall, I'd definitely stay here again...this is a nice hotel that appears to be getting better and better with its ongoing renovations.	
Feb 22 2006	Good value for location	As a single traveller I struggled to find a centrally located hotel of a decent standard that I could afford but the Bonnington came up trumps for me. It's location is excellent; just a few steps away from the underground,the British Museum and Tottenham Court Road. As I was not in the executive wing my room was a tad dated in decor ( very strange wardrobe fitted into the wall) and every piece of furniture seemed to be made out of different wood. Also - not being an 'executive' I was charged £5 to use the gym - which only contained 3 bits of equipment anyway - and I did think this was rubbish mal-treatment of the budget traveller. If you are at the front of the building you may be disturbed by traffic noise but I slept comfortably I must say. The breakfast is very good here - plentiful and fresh with efficient and attentive service. Many business travellers stay here so the breakfast can get quite crowded but the service doesn't seem to suffer. The bar was also very good - especially for entertaining some friends late on - and the prices were no more expensive than a normal London pub. I would certainly stay again.	
Feb 21 2006	Great Place!	I stayed for six nights at the Bonnington and loved it. Yes, the single room I stayed in was small, but spotlessly clean, and restocked with tea and coffee every day. I took a taxi there from the airport (53 pounds) and ended up taking the tube back (which although slightly uncomfortable, well worth the price). There were Italian restaurants as well as curry houses everywhere. I didn't really explore the area near the hotel until my last day of the trip. I took the tube everywhere. The service was great, the buffet was great, and the bar tenders were ultra-friendly! I made a lot of friends there and am hoping to stay there again when I return to fabulous London next January. I was a single female traveling to Europe, it was my first trip anywhere outside of the United States and I went alone, and yet, I felt totally safe at the Bonnington! The only thing I was unable to do was open my bedroom window, because it was without a screen, but it was January, so the need really didn't arise. I loved the hotel and my only complaint is that the walls are paper-thin, i could hear the people going potty in the rooms next door as well as anything else going on in my vicinity. One other thing, be careful exiting the shower, I had several near-death experiences with that! I will stay there again!	
Feb 1 2006 	Terrible	On arriving in the public areas of this hotel you hope for alot. It's bright, spacious and modern. The rooms however are nothing like this. They were dated, dirty and dingy. The bathroom was grubby and there was no hot water. The taps on the sink were loose and generally I have stayed in better B&amp;B's. Great location but I wouldn't stay here again if you paid me.	
Jan 30 2006	Great location Excellent Bargain	I booked online and got 2 nights for $250. A great bargain in London and especially in this area where I was able to spend 75 pounds down the street on a dinner for two.. Centrally located near the theater district, the British Museum, and the other touristy areas. I was able to easily walk from the Bonnington to Windsor castle and parliament in a morning, but older visitors may find this taxing. Breakfast was very good (traditional English breakfast and fruit). I never had to wait in line for breakfast but around 10AM it was quite crowded. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jan 22 2006	Really good value and location	For a three star hotel in the middle of London, the Bonnington is a good, reasonable and clean hotel. We were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the lobby, the staff and the rooms. We would stay there again.	
Jan 8 2006	Brillent Hotel One of the best!	We have just returned from a one night stay at the Bonnington in Bloomsbury. We took the tube from Kings Cross to Russell square and the hotel was about 7 minutes walk from Russell sq station. When we arrived we checked in and were given a non smoking executive room. As we went to our room, we noticed that the whole area for executive rooms was on a seperate wing with its own exec lounge which impressed me. When we arrived at our room, i was very impressed. We had a lot of space, a large king size bed, tv and cd system, a fully stocked mini bar, safe and a complimentary tray of freshly brewed coffee, tea, fresh water, red wine and buscuits and crisps. The bathroom was also lovely and spacious with nice amenties and big fluffy towels.  Also there is a lady that comes round in the evening to turn your bed down and give you two nice chocolates which was also a nice suprise. I have to say, i have stayed in a few hotels in London, including the Intercontinental Hyde Park, and i was much more impressed with this hotel. More customer focused, more relaxing and much more comfortable. Breakfast was also very good and i was very impressed to see that there were vegetarian sausages!. All in all the hotel is a little gem, reasonably priced and within a great location near the British Museum. Also if you are a fan of Italian restaurants, its a great place as there are at least 8 excellent Italian restaurants practically on your doorstep. Well worth a visit!.	
Dec 17 2005	London's Best Kept 'Little' Secret	I stayed at the Bonnington for two nights, December 14/15 2005. The hotel has a nice, if rather plain, appearance. I was greeted by professional and friendly front desk staff and promptly checked in. Overall, the service from everyone in the hotel was quite good. I had a 'single room' and expected it to be snug but, I must say, room #334 might deserve some recognition from the folks at The Guiness Book because it may qualify as the &quot;world's smallest hotel room&quot;. It was a triumph of redesign. I'm sure that at some point it must have functioned as a broom closet or a phone booth. But that being said, it was extremely clean and it contained everything I needed. (All within arms reach.)  The twin bed was comfortable enough. Opened the closet door to discover a full length mirror. Small desk and chair. They provided a bottle of mineral water which was replaced daily. There was a kettle, tea and coffee. No mini bar but in it's place was a working safe, I was happy to have that. Tested the television, appeared to work. I could have rented movies but I didn't; and I could have played with the Playstation but I didn't do that either. The itty bitty teeny tiny bathroom somehow contained a full size bathtub(!) with shower, good thick towels, (a real plus in my book), and the usual bath amenities. Everything was very clean and nicely presented however there was no shelf or storage space. At all.  Breakfast, a nice combination of hot and cold items, was included in the price, (I paid about £65 per night), but I only ate breakfast on the morning of my check out. The food was fine, standard hotel fare, and the service was pleasant. Room service was available but I didn't take advantage of that.  There were one or two small annoyances: the housekeeping staff knocked on my door at 10:00am, (after a very late night out), despite the 'do not disturb' sign on the door. The wall mounted heating unit worked fine but was too loud. I turned it off. And the concierge directed me to an establishment that had gone out of business. But those are just minor quibbles.  My favorite thing about the Bonnington is the location. Smack dab in the middle of everything. You can easily walk to Covent Garden, Soho or Oxford Street. If it's raining, (and it probably is), the Holborn tube station is just down Southhampton Row and all of the West End is just minutes away via the Underground.  I found the Bonnington to be clean, comfortable, affordable and situated in a great part of town. I would recommend the Bonnington, (to anyone who isn't claustrophobic), and would gladly stay there again.	
Dec 7 2005	Great Location Supper Clean Hotel	We stayed at the Bonnington for four nights. The service was good, the room was clean, but the best part was the location. Two blocks from the British Museum, two blocks from the tube and two blocks from a small cute park. The breakfast was not the best but I believe that it may be a matter of taste (not a huge fan of the British sausages here or beans).I would definitely stay here again. Great value for the money.	
Dec 7 2005	Shame about the size of the bedrooms	We stayed in the Bonnington for just one night - and that was enough! The bedroom was the smallest we've stayed in for years, and the so-called double bed was minute.The hotel appears to be stuck in a 1970's time-warp, but overall, although the hotel is very clean, it is steriotypically 3* fare. I'd spend the extra few pounds and treat yourself to a 5*.	
Nov 1 2005 	Would stay again	I stayed at the Bonnington for 2 weeks in Sept. for business. The location is fantastic.It was an overall good experience. I can understand how there is such a variance in the ratings for rooms as I was checked into 4 different rooms when I was there. The reason for that is because my flight came in later than expected from the airport. They originally tried to put me in a twin and my company had paid for a double. I've travelled quite a bit in Europe and knowing that rooms are much smaller than they are in the US, but this room was SMALL. There was literally no walking space between my bed and my suitcase. To make up for this they let me stay in a suite for the night. The suite was amazing. It was 2 stories, including a kitchenette, balconies on both floors and TV/stereo on both floors. Because this room was not available for the remainder for my stay they went ahead and put me in a double after that night. The double room itself was very cute, however being on the top floor there was no water pressure at all. Because my stay was for 2 weeks this was an issue. They moved me once again, this time to the room I would stay in for the remainder of my stay. It was an executive room which was an upgrade from the double so it made up for me having to move around. It was spacious and very comfortable.It was almost twice the size of the double room.The water pressure was fine. Overall the hotel was very clean and the staff was very nice. The breakfast was actually fine for hotel buffet style breakfast. It included the basics of an English breakfast, cereal, fruit and I was happy to see they included vegetarian sausage. Some reviewers commented on the lady who ran the breakfast cafe. She appeared stern at first but she ended up being so nice and recognized and greeted me everyday. Breakfast was always busy but I never had trouble getting a table or food. Overall the stay was a good one and I would not hesitate to stay there on my next trip to London	
Oct 31 2005	Very good hotel	We stay in Bonnington hotel in October 2005. We have booked a room by phone but we don't speek english very well, so when we arrived at the reception our name was writed wrong. No problem, Susan at the reception was helpfull and kindness, so she has solved our mistakes an she has gived us a very good the room. This hotel is very cheeper (you must considerate that stays in London). The rooms are clean and the brekfast included is very good.	
Oct 31 2005	Avoid the Bonnington	Cramped, sweltering room; ten pounds a day for wireless access that doesn't reach as far as the second floor; seven pounds for a movie that doesn't start; no call back from the mythical (or at least never present) &quot;IT Manager,&quot; and a reluctance to that undelivered movie from the bill. I cannot recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2005	Quite nice.	The Bonnington was a nice hotel that was convenient to the Underground and only blocks from the British Museum. Our room was nicely appointed with modern style. The window faced a relatively quite street. The bed was comfortable and large. The hotel breakfast was good and it did come included in the room price. There was turndown service and a chocolate on our pillow every night.The only problem we did encounter was getting service to our room with drinks and one burned out light bulb. We needed to call the front desk twice. Also, after the third or fourth day the staff seemed to fail to restock our mini bar.Overall, only minor problems in a very nice hotel	
Oct 24 2005	What an excellent value!	We stayed at the Bonnington Hotel in London's West End (Bloomsbury area) for five nights in September 2005. I was on a mission to find reasonably-priced but comfortable accommodations in Central London--no easy feat!--and based on Tripadvisor reviews, narrowed it down to the Darlington Hyde Park and the Bonnington. The Bonnington won out based on location.I reviewed numerous web sites (including the hotel's). The cheapest option I found was from alpha rooms. I'm glad I booked here!When we checked in, we were asked if we booked a &quot;family room&quot;. We told the clerk we booked a double, but they put us in the family room anyway (#543). This room had two double beds and a separate seating area with a couch (see photos). This kind of space is very unusual for London, and we found we didn't feel cramped or stir-crazy. (I did not see what a standard double looked like, so it may have been considerably smaller).The room was very clean, the beds fairly comfortable. The other amenities are pretty slim: no bar/refrigerator or toiletries and limited towels. The shower didn't disappoint, although it was annoying that the bathroom had no shelf on which to put anything. The closet was ample, there was a reading chair, and the desk was large. Wireless Internet is available in the hotel at a reasonable rate, but never worked in our room, which the hotel blamed on the phone company. We were able to use our laptop in the lobby.The breakfast (included in the cost) was typical of European hotels, with a fairly good variety of hot and cold foods. The staff (including the concierge desk) were very helpful and booked our return car to Heathrow. All in all, I would have expected to pay (and have paid) twice as much in London for a comparable hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel; who would think you could find a room at only $132 a night!	
Oct 24 2005	over priced  good bed  air con average	Stayed at the bonningtonfor 3 nights, already had an idea not to expect much from london hotels, well we paid $230 aud a night our flight got in from australia at 05.30 and they didnt have a room till 15.00 which i found hard to believe as the foyer had bus load leaving at 08.30 any way the room was re furbished and cosy bed was 7/10 and bathroom was average the hotel was well positioned. I would not return to the bonnington.	
Oct 23 2005	Very long queue and very long wait for breakfast	Due to attend a business meeting in London, a colleague was booked into the Bonnington, and I was booked into a nearby hotel. In the morning we arranged to meet up and travel to our meeting together. I have stayed at the Bonnington several times in the past and the queues for breakfast have always been there, but yesterday morning I have never seen anything quite like it! It was 8:45am and there must have been at least 40 people in the queue for breakfast - it stretched all the way across the foyer. Idread to think what time these people would have been served. My colleague went without his breakfast, and I was so pleased to have been booked elsewhere! It doesnt really make sense to fully book the hotel, knowing they have such an inadequate dining room.	
Oct 18 2005	Very good hotel and location	I had a 4th floor single and thought it was very good. The room was very compact, as I guess all in-city singles in London are. But it was quite well laid out and spotless. At US$110, I thought it was a bargain. The room had a single-size bed, wall-mounted TV, writing desk, closet and bathroom. It had a modern appearance. While things were quite close together, it all worked very well. The bathroom was spacious for a single and was decorated in white tile so as to have a bright all-white look. It had a combination tub-shower and large, soft towels.The hotel is on busy Southhampton Row, midway between the Russell Square and Holborn underground stations and a 10-minute walk from each. The hotel has a large lobby, off which are a restaurant, bar and meeting rooms. The Bonnington is a large, 6-story, professionally operated hotel and appears to host a number of conferences. I emailed ahead and got the hotel to set aside a no-smoking room for me. Breakfast is excellent, with 2 kinds of eggs, sausage, bacon, hashed browns, sliced meats, fruit and the usual rolls, juices and cereal. It is served in the lobby-adjacent restaurant.	
Oct 17 2005	Superb bargain in great location!	I go to London several times a year and stay in lots of different hotels -- from 3 stars to 5 stars. My advice for those who are planning a trip to London: 1. London hotel rooms are virtually all small. Often, they are so small, you can hardly open the door without hitting the bed. If you're lucky, you will have a closet the size of a shoebox and a desk and chair designed for elves. And this is in some very expensive hotel rooms.2. London hotel rooms are virtually all overpriced for what they offer. They are seldom comfortable places to be. They tend to be cramped, short on amenities and, with a few exceptions, stuffy and conservative-feeling.But the good news is that London itself is fantastic, and you're not going to spend much time in your room anyway, so the trick is to find a clean, reasonably affordable hotel in a great location.The Bonnington fits all of these criteria and adds as a plus factor exceptionally kind and attentive service -- something which is also a rarity in London hotels. You're not going to be blown away by anything here, but at this price, in this location, and the service with a smile attitude, this is simply one of the best -- if not THE best -- choice you can make. It's certainly my favorite place. I can easily save 200 pounds for a weekend staying here compared to other hotels of equal or lesser quality, which means more shows, more museums, nicer restaurants, etc.	
Oct 16 2005	Comfortable stay	We stayed at the Bonnington Oct. 10 - 13. We had booked a twin room because we find the double beds in England too small - we are used to a king size. As others have done we asked about upgrading to an executive room on check in but unfortunately the hotel was full because of a convention.The twin room we had booked, even though it was quite small, was very comfortable. Good beds, comfy pillows and duvet. Working air conditioning, tea/coffee supplies, very clean bathroom and good tub/shower, plenty of hot water. The disappointments with the room were there was no fridge in the room and no ice bucket or ice machine. On the first night my husband went to the bar and asked for an ice bucket and ice, which they happily supplied. Also we could not get all the TV stations listed in the room info.The included breakfast was good and plentiful. I have read comments about rude staff but we found all staff very polite and helpful. We had a problem with the room safe - it would not accept a new code. I reported it when we went down for breakfast and was told to tell them when we were going back to our room, which I did, and I had only just closed the door when someone knocked and came to fix the safe. Very quick response!!The hotel was very convenient to all we wanted to see in London. We walked everywhere, with the exception of taking a taxi to/from the hotel from Paddington station with our luggage.	
Oct 9 2005	No rooms by the elevator please...	First the good news: Located in Bloomsbury, it was only about a two block walk to the tube stop, and it was easy to get around the city from the hotel. The hotel wasn't too smoky for a London hotel, and the continental breakfast was pretty good. My friend and I were able to order our continental breakfast as room service for no extra charge on the morning of our departure which was really nice, especially as we were rushing off to the airport. The staff was accommodating and the concierge gave us the best restaurant recommendation (Sapori) for our last night which I will never forget! We stayed on the quiet side of the hotel away from the street, and the room was kept clean and was pretty comfortable.The not so good news:My friend and I stayed in a room right next to the service elevator. From 11:30 till somewhere around 1 A.M. every night the elevator would run up and down floors as they delivered supplies to the floors. I am a light sleeper and heard the ding of the elevator at each floor as well as heavy boxes being dropped. The regular elevators were quite small and claustrophobic as the hotel is quite old, but the staircase is really nice, so I used it often.There was a problem with the plumbing on two occasions where there was a back-up of gas and the smell was so awful! The bathroom had a very high tub which was tricky to get in and out of. The pressure in the shower was low, but there was plenty of hot water. There wasn't much space to put one's clothes, so we mostly kept our things in or on our suitcases.	
Oct 7 2005	I would recommend the Bonnington	We stayed at the Bonnington for four nights at the end of September 2005 and then again for one night in October. Both stays were thoroughly enjoyable. The regular rooms are smallish, but very comfortable, and the executive rooms are extremely comfortable.The desk staff and the concierge are helpful and pleasant. The staff in the diningroom, especially the maitre d', are very attentive and hospitable. The breakfast buffet is well stocked with a variety of breakfast dishes (oh, those huge English breakfasts!)	
Oct 3 2005	great little place	I stayed here in August for three nights and it was a nice place. The room was very clean. If you aren't used to European hotels, the room is small. There wasn't noise from inside or outside the hotel. Breakfast was good, staff were friendly. The location is good. There is an internet cafe right next door. I walked to almost all of the attractions that I wanted to see, but there is nearby access to the tube as well. There are also lots of places to eat nearby, as well as the restaurant in the hotel. One tricky thing - you have to insert the key card in the slot by the door in order for your lights to work. I would stay here again.	
Sep 27 2005	Good Value for Money	I found The Bonnington Hotel to be:* Central* Extremely friendly and helpful staff* Excellent value for money* Clean* Comfortable* Close to retaurants* Near theatrelandThey also have Executive rooms which we were upgraded to - these rooms were devine and to a 4* standard - we paid an extra £30 for this and on top of this were issued drinks vouchers as part of the upgrade package.It was a wonderfull adventure and we are planning our next trip.	
Sep 25 2005	Loved the Bonnington	We stayed at the Bonnington from Sept. 13-20, 2005. I had read all of the Trip Advisor reviews and found our stay confirmed many of the prior observations. The hotel is very well-located in the business district of London. There are several small restaurants in the neighborhood, a few pubs, a few hotels, and a few sandwich shops which are cheap. The area is much busier during the working week, especially during rush hour, and relatively deserted during the weekends. We felt totally safe walking around the area and felt it gave us a good flavor of living in London as a local. We used a laundromat about two blocks from the Russell Square station (about 4-5 blocks from the hotel) which worked well for us. We found the Holborn station more convenent for most of the places we visited (a two block walk). However, the Russell Square station was better for taking the tube from Heathrow since it has a elevator but you also have to go up some stairs with your luggage even there. Holborn station has stairs and very long escalators. We also found it convenient to walk from our hotel to the theatre district (about a 10-15 minute walk). The hotel was exactly what we expected. We paid $150 a night. They let us check in at about 2:30 pm. A number of new guests were using the lounge area waiting for their room. Nero's, the coffee shop almost next door, is also a convenient palce to wait. The breakfast was great- There was plenty of variety and I liked it that they brought your coffee to your table along with hot toast. We never had to wait for a table and were seated quickly. It was a very pleasant place to start the monring, and we got in and out of there quickly. Our room had two twin beds, a table, a desk, a closet and the bathroom. It was small compared to American hotels but I found it to be relatively luxurious. The down quilts and pillows were wonderful, and the heated towel rack was a nice touch. The beds are a little on the short side- about 6' long but comfortable. The bathroom was small but satisfactory. One complanint is there was not room to put away your folded clothes so we stacked them on a long shelf running along side one of the beds which worked out ok . The other complaint was when we turned on the air conditioning, dust blew out. The hair dryer was great- much hotter temperature than what I am used to so be careful. The tub was deep and a little tricky geting in and out of. There was plenty of hot water. Our room was #511- we did not have a view but it was quiet. I thought the maid did a good job. It looked like our floor was freshly painted. Overall, I thought the Bonnington delivered a very good value for the dollar in a big city. We would definently stay there again. Also, we found London restaurants to be not that more expensive than Annapolis, MD. We spent about $80-$100 for dinner for two including a bottle of wine. Our favorite restaurant was Melanies Italian restaurant near the Palace Theater theater where Woman in White is playing (loved it!). We had bought some theater tickets in advance which I wouldn't do again unless I really wanted to see a particular production. I would instead buy my tickets from the discount ticket office in Leicester Sqaure and get the good seats at half price but they only have certain productions covered each day. Overall, London was a fabulous city to visit. &quot;Mind the gap!&quot; (you will understand once you have ridden the tube)	
Sep 13 2005	simply awful	dreadful place, don't touch it with a bargepole!!the staff are totally disinterested, the room wasn't brilliant and being ordered around at breakfast felt like being in a concentration camp. It's not that central either, there are other hotels in a much better location, shop around.stay there at your peril.	
Aug 21 2005	great value and location	Great value and location. We walked to Trafalgar Square in 15 minutes and could use the tube station that was 2 blocks away too. The rooms were clean and beds confortable. Staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. The breakfast was great and so plentiful that were skipped lunch most days. London is very expensive and so this was a savings. Best rates on the hotel internet site.	
Aug 18 2005	Great Hotel/Location	Via the Bonnington web site, we were able to book executive double/twin rooms for 99GBP compared to the rack rate of 220GBP. That price was only a little more expensive than the regular double/twin that I was able to get on the various hotel sites. Rooms were good sized.The hotel itself was in a great location and after getting our bearings, we usually walked everywhere. Buffet breakfast was included in the price and was very good compared to some others we got on the rest of the trip.	
Aug 15 2005	Liked the Bonnington	Stayed at the Bonnington with my daughter for 5 nights in August, had room 139. The room needed paint &amp; TLC, but it was large enough to be comfortable, and everything worked. There was plenty of hot water in the shower and the room was quiet.Breakfast was fine. The food was good and the service was prompt. I didn't find the breakfast room or the bar to be excessively noisy.We did use room service one night when we were too tired to go out. The food was reasonably priced and delivered promptly.The Bonnington certainly isn't a luxury hotel, but that's not what it's trying to be. It IS a very good value in the Bloomsbury part of London.	
Aug 2 2005	A nice hotel	I booked one night at this hotel through Expedia. I felt that I had a really good rate for an average double room. I was blown away when I got there as I had been upgraded to an executive suite. This room (or should I say &quot;apartment&quot;) was amazing. I had a kitchenette, a downstairs bedroom, a funky living room with walkout balcony. Stairs led up to an loft style bedroom with skylights and a gorgeous bathroom. It was too bad I was on my own and not with my husband and I was only staying one night. It was excellent. The hotel itself was very nice and well presented. The staff I found were excellent. The complimentary breakfast the next day was awesome with one of the most varied choices in their buffet. The service was wonderful and attentive too in the restaurant. Would definately stay here again. I am sure that I will not be as lucky next time and get a regular room, however the service, the breakfast and the location are well worth it.	
Aug 1 2005	Very Disappointing	I choose the Bonnington on the strengths of the reviews on this site. Sorry but what a let down it was. We were given room 219 and opened the bathroom door to discover a two person spa bath. All the instructions were on a brass plate on the wall and so we thought we were in for a treat. Filled the bath, got in, and pushed the button only for nothing to happen. We complained at the desk later on who informed me that the bath had not worked for the last 3 years and as it was going to cost £20 000 to fix they weren't going to do it. Now I hadn't expected or paid for a spa bath, but the least they could do is let customers know it doesn't work. Breakfast was a major disappointment. The sausages and bacon seemed to be the cheapest available and absolutely dreadful. Given the price and star rating of the hotel I expected far better.Won't be getting my custom again.	
Jul 27 2005	Nothing bonny about the Bonnington	We had to stay one night on 7 July as we couldn't get out of London due to the bombings.Whilst we were grateful to find a bed for the night, we were charged £170 for b&amp;b. You can book on the internet for £70!! Hope that they were not taking advantage of the terrible situation.The reception staff were ok but the hotel is overrated by itself. Avoid room 133 - its a cupboard. The air conditioning consisted of a very noisy unit bolted on to the wall. The breakfast was less than average. The restaurant is small and crowded as is the bar area which was very noisy.Won't be staying there in future.	
Jul 20 2005	What a great place	We stayed at Bonnington on July 15 through July 19 and it was just great ! We had 2 rooms, one triple for us (me, my wife and son, 5 yrs) and one double for my wife's parents. Both rooms were excellent, large by London standards and well kept and very comfy.Breakfast was included, only continental, but it was the best I've had in London. The elderly lady who runs the breakfast seating was just great with nasty sense of humour, we just loved her :)And the location, perfect, close to British Museum, close to 2 tube stations (although Russell Square was closed for obvious reasons) and you could walk to lots of places (Covent Garden etc).Would recommed this hotel to everybody, we got a good deal (I think :)),91 pounds/room/night and that was inclusice of breakfast.	
Jul 17 2005	Thanks to Everyone's TripAdvisor's Reviews I did Well	With a few exceptions, this hotel met all my needs in London. While I only stayed four nights, I believe that I sampled the good and the bad. The good is that this is a fine business/leisure hotel for singles and families that does not immediately break your budget. The hotel is fairly utilitarian with some nice touches. My room had everything expected and needed. Most importently, although I was in a room directly overlooking the British Museum and a very busy avenue, there was almost NO NOISE. This was on about the 4th floor, too. I did not eat in the dining room, but it looked like the food would be good and the decor was very nice. I did enjoy the lobby one afternoon when I was forced to cool my heals waiting 4 hours for FEDEX to pick up some packages. The chairs are comfortable, the bar nearby and I enjoyed good coffee with scones. This problem with FEDEX was one of the hotel's letdowns as I expected more help from the concierge or other staff to send some things back to the US. Mostly, I ended up doing all the hunting for a service and, as said, the waiting. For a business person's hotel, this wasn't too good. Also, the Internet stations off the lobby were down the entire time I was in the hotel. The connection in the room was weird in that the cost was not bad, but your time began when you logged on and ended after your certain number of hours were up, but you could NOT logoff. I was not told this the first time and only learned about it when I asked what was going on. The neighborhood was great, especially as I wanted to spend a good part of my stay in the British Museum which is across the street. There are a good number of restaurants around in, I suppose most price ranges, and you can walk to many colorful parts of London or take one of the busses running in front of, or near, the hotel. The Underground is nearby. Taxies are available. I took the shuttle bus to the airport and it came on time and worked out very well. This ticket is sold by the consierge and he reserves the bus for you so that it comes when needed. The driver of the shuttle bus turned out to enjoy being a tour guide and commic, which helps dispell the pain of a long ride through dense traffic. Hotels are important to me on my trips and the Bonnington made my stay in London to be a very pleasant one. That is why I thank all the reviewers here, who told me about this hotel. Oh, the rates are much better than you will find or expect in London, a very expensive city.	
Jul 14 2005	Great stay at the Bonnington	We stayed at the Bonnington July 3 - 6, just prior to the bombing in London. It is a lovely area in spite of the proximity to the bomb site. The staff was delightful, stowing our bags until our room was ready. Our room was upgrated to the deluxue rooms at no charge because it was our 25th anniversary I assume. Those rooms are fabulous. It was cool for July so didnt know how the ac works. The breakfast was fine; short lines, don't eat meat for breakfast anyway so cannot comment on that. Overall a pleasure and I would easily return again.	
Jul 13 2005	Best Bang for your Buck!	I recently stayed at the Bonnington for 2 nights and I have to say that it's a really great hotel for the price. I've been in several other hotels in London before, some of them a lot more expensive, but this one was the best considering the price. Okay, the single Room is not too big, but hey, it's clean and has air conditioning. Everybody was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast (included!!) was very yummy!This will definitely be my London hotel for the future! Thanks, Bonnington.	
Jul 9 2005 	Well done Bonnington on 7th July 2005	I was staying and working at a conference at the Bonnington on the day of the London terrorist attack.The hotel responded very well to the events just up the road and I was impressed by the staff calmness and helpfulness on what could have been a day of panic.I stay regularly at the Bonnington and consider it good value for central London. The rooms are somewhat variable in size and quality so it's a bit of pot luck, but I always feel I have had value for money.By the way for anyone from abroad reading this, don't let the news put you off visiting London - by the evening of that day we went out for a meal locally and you would have found it hard to tell that the awful events of the morning had happened. The London spirit is tremendous and deserves support.	
Jul 5 2005	Nice Stately Hotel but Front Desk Staff needs training in Customer Service	Stayed at the Bonnington the last week of May 2005 thru first week of June 2005. First impression was good. Great location and nice stately building. Upon meeting the front desk clerk who was a East European young women, I encountered hostility and outright rude service. I'm sure she purposely gave us this particular room that was so small that two persons could barely walk aroung the bed. The heating system for the building must have been on during our entire stay in a heatwave which had limited adjustments for guest. The continental breakfast each morning included cold cuts that had freezer burn and had picked up other flavors from the refrigerator but otherwise was quite generous and in a nice setting with good service. Upon checking out, we encountered the same rude clerk. Definitely front desk clerks at this hotel needs a lot of customer service training.	
Jun 16 2005	London's Delightful Gem	LOCATIONThe Bonnington is conveniently located between 2 tube stations, Russel Square and Holborn along the popular Piccadilly Line. It is about a brisk 10 minutes walk from both. Travelers arriving and departing with trolley-luggage are better off using the Russel Sq station as there are lifts from platform area to street level. We used the Holborn station more as the vicinity is dotted with convenient stores like a large Sainsbury, a Pret-a-Manger take-away, souvenir shops and other small eateries. Be forewarned that these two tube stations can be quite crowded during rush hour. You’d have to move along briskly to avoid being shoved and pushed and, oh, remember to keep right on the escalators to allow the working folks a chance to catch their trains to work by dashing up and down the left side of the escalators. The British Museum and Dickens Museum are also a short walk from Russel Sq. Location wise, satisfactory (if only it could be a tad nearer to the tube, esp. on windy nights). However, on that note, we realize that if we want any decent accommodation nearer to the city, we must be prepared to fork out much more so no complaints.Location: 3.5**** of 5 StarsROOMSWe were initially booked on a double room but after corresponding with the hotel , we were promised and given a complimentary upgrade as it is our wedding anniversary trip. Hence, in total, we stayed 3 nights at an Executive room and 1 night in a Duplex-Suite upon re-checking in after a weekend in the countryside.The rooms are air-conditioned, very clean and sleek. Our room (702) was located at street level next to a car park and an apartment block. While the thick curtains kept most of the noise out, it does mean that we had to keep our windows and curtains closed at all times for privacy.Our executive suite (745) is a duplex located at the top floors of the hotel. The bedroom is actually the hotel’s attic, so we had 4 large windows with electronic shutters right on top of the bed – perfect for watching a star-lit summers’ night. But with the sun streaming in, it does take a while for the 2 air-con units to cool the entire suite. Also, if you want to sleep-in, make sure you close the shutters as the sun rises at 4:30am this time of the year!The rooms are well-stocked with tea and coffee making facilities (a bonus really!) Coffee, tea and bottled water are provided free along with some cookies and are replenished by the chambermaid daily during housekeeping. We were pleasantly surprised by the evening turn-down service as there were token chocolates left on the pillow every night without fail – a welcoming sight after a long and tiring day out touring!For entertainment, there is the mini hi-fi system complete with a 5-discs changing tray (good for playing CDs bought during the trip) and FM radio 102.2 plays smooth jazz music during the evenings which compliments the room’s ambience perfectly. It’s good that the radio is independent of the TV so the TV doesn’t need to be turned on for music.The bathrooms are very clean and modern. A set of toiletries including shampoo and conditioner was provided and replenished during housekeeping. Water temperature and pressure were spot on and delivered with branded ‘Grohe’ taps and shower heads. The heated towel-rack kept our towels warm and prove handy if you do some light laundry (our jeans dried overnight!).The bathroom in our suite was located on the lower level. With a narrow stairway connecting the 2 levels, it can pose a problem during the wee (pun intended) hours. Although it is illuminated, negotiating it half-asleep may warrant a small workout enough to wake one up for good.Finally, a bedside clock would suit the rooms well. Although the TV has an electronic clock situated next to its controls, it still meant that we had to tilt our heads up and glance 6 feet across the bed to check for time during the night.Rooms: Executive 4**** of 5 stars, Suite 3*** of 5 stars (we prefer the Executive Rm)SERVICEWe find the staff at Bonnington generally friendly, accommodating and they do attend to our requests promptly. However when asking for specific directions around town, it pays to select the more ‘British-looking’ staff or concierge as they, like most establishments in London, have a mix of local and foreign (mainly eastern European) staff members. We want to especially acknowledge the excellent, warm and personal service given to us by Andrew Holgate, their revenue manager. Right from our email enquiries, reservations to the point of our departure, Andrew has ensured that our stay was enjoyable right to its last detail of upgrading us to the suite so that our wedding anniversary could be made more special. We couldn’t be more thankful.Service: 4**** of 5 stars BREAKFASTBreakfast at Bonnington consists of freshly-cooked scrambled eggs, sunny-side ups, beef and vegan sausages, hash browns, grilled tomatoes, lean bacons, tinned mushrooms, selections of hams, cheeses, breads and toasts, yogurt and fresh fruits. For beverages, tea, coffee, fruit juices complete the selection. Although the selection remained the same during our entire stay, we enjoyed our breakfasts thoroughly as the food was warm and well-cooked. In fact, it was the hearty breakfast which sustained us for a large part of each day as we roamed around London sightseeing!Service at the café was brisk (the lady assigning guests at the breakfast café was very matronly) but it can get a bit cramped and crowded during peak breakfast times (8 to 9am), so plan to wake up early if you want to enjoy a leisure morning’s cuppa.Breakfast: 3.5*** of 5 starsCONCLUSIONThe Bonnington in Bloomsbury has exceeded our expectations and worth our every penny. Didn’t expect to chance upon such a gem (as our experiences with hotels in other parts of central Europe were none as desirable). Bonnington’s location, service and cleanliness will leave most 3 or 4–star hotels in its wake. Apart from the fact that the lobby is non-smoke-free, we are very pleased with our choice of accomdation (thanks to the many reviews posted here at Trip Advisor). We’ll definitely recommend the Bonnington to potential travelers and if we do return, you bet this hotel will be top on our list. Bravo!Overall: 4**** of 5 stars (Check out the photos we took of this lovely gem!)	
Jun 12 2005 	Good value	If you can get a good price, which is quite often the case, this is a good bet in a good location - good value and varied dining options nearby. Room was on the small side - big enough for 1, but 2 would have been cramped, especially for an extended stay. Very clean though and bottled water a welcome addition.Breakfast room was crowded and fairly average buffet affair. The bar downstairs is not terribly welcoming - smoky and non residents watching football.Staff helpful.	
Jun 9 2005	Great Hotel	Just got back from an extended trip to England. Stayed for 4 nights at the Bonnington (18 - 22nd May). The 4 of us stayed in one room (Myself, wife and two kids). The room was clean and comfortable, the staff extremely pleasent and efficient, the cooked breakfast was wonderful, and the location is perfect. All this coupled with a fantastic rate, made this section of our trip one of the best. The Bonnington will definatly be our London hotel from now on.Chris	
Jun 4 2005	Great Hotel	Just got back from a one night stay at the Bonnington. Can't speak to highly of both the hotel and the staff. Maybe the rooms are smaller than most in tha USA but not by UK standards. The breakfast was really good with lots of choice. I would highly recomend this hotel to any one.	
Jun 4 2005	very clean and comfortable	we stayed there for 4 days in May, It was our first trip to London and we were very pleased with the hotel. The rooms are small, but I understand thats the norm in London. but it was very clean and comfortable. The breakfast was great it was everything for a full breakfast and for a continental. We took the heathrow express to paddington and took the tube to Holburn tube stop. It was only a short walk to the hotel. The next time I would take a taxi from paddington to the hotel, only because we had two big cases and there are a lot of steps down in the tube when you change from one line to another. I would recommend the hotel and what a great city.	
May 25 2005	small but comfortable convenient	Stayed at the Bonnington on our return to London after extended UK trip. Room small but very convenient as less than one block to Holborn tube stop and bus pick up outside the hotel. Bed was wonderful and big enough for two. Bathroom was small but had full size tub with shower and excellent water pressure. The concierge was very attentive and helpful with our luggage and arranging a car to take us to the airport. Rates posted at front desk were quite expensive but we found an excellent rate on the net which was only slightly more than what we paid at the Comfort Inn when we first arrived in London at the start of the trip. We will stay at the Bonnington on our next trip if we can get another good rate.	
May 21 2005	Small but comfortable	Just returned from a 9-night stay at the Bonnington Hotel and I would definitely recommend the hotel and the location. As expected, the standard double/twin room is small (by N.American standards) and the closet will not accomodate a large wardrobe, but as described by earlier reviewers, everything is kept very clean (the cleaning staff wears head covers to avoid dropping stray hairs), and any complaints (we had a problem with a toilet seat that fell off) were handled promptly. The continental breakfast included with the room was good (if not varied): a good choice of cereals, breads/rolls/toast, cold meats and cheese, yogurt, fruit, juice, tea, coffee... enough to keep us going until well after noon. There is a Tesco Express just a few doors down, and a few blocks in the other direction (across from the Holborn tube station) is the larger Sainsbury's, a good source of a variety of sandwiches, convenience foods (wine, beer, spirits as well) if you don't wish to spend a lot on restaurant meals. Bottled water is supplied daily, and each room has coffee/tea-making facilities... a welcome feature when you return from a long day of walking and sight-seeing.We found staff to be friendly, especially the lady directing the breakfast guests to tables... we found ourselves enjoying jokes with her after a few days. (Besides, she seemed to be able to keep the young serving staff in line... things were a little less efficient on the mornings she was not on duty).I would not hesitate to recommend the Bonnington, and if I plan to stay in that area of London again, I will most probably return there!	
May 7 2005	A London Oasis	Our first time in London, The Bonnington was a calming place after a busy day of site seeing. The staff was very helpful and the room was always clean. While the rooms were smaller than American hotels, it was very comfortable. Along with the usual coffee and tea, our room was supplied daily with 2 free bottles of water and a contraption to press our pants (a trouser press). The lobby is a little smaller than the pictures, but very clean and comfortable. We arrived at about 10:00 am and the folks at the desk explain that the room may not be available until around 3pm. So we walked a few doors down and got a light snack. The place is very well located to everything. The Tube (subway- Holborn) is about a 5 minutes walk, The British Museum about 10 minutes and the Tessco (convenience store) was 2 doors down. After we got back, I check with the desk again about 11:30 and our room was ready. Great! The room is small as everyone has indicated, but very clean and comfy. The Bathroom was a good size, had a close line and warm toilet rack for convenience. Bring a face toilet we had to buy bath sponges as they are not supplied.Bring a light jacket, umberlla and confortable shoes as you will need them all this time of the year. If you want a late meal, there is a French Restaurant (Dianes) just across the street that stays open until 2am and was very good.Away from the tourist hotspots and high noise area, but close enough to walk, the Bonnington will always be our first choice when visiting London.Cheers!	
May 5 2005	Comfortable and convenient	My eleven year old daughter and I just returned from our second trip to London. We spent four nights at the Bonnington, and really enjoyed it. The hotel is quite nice, appealing without being overly fancy. Our twin room faced a small playground on the opposite side of the street. It got a bit loud at times with the street noise, but we really didn't mind - with all of the students and locals walking by, it felt more home-like that most hotels I've stayed at.The two twin beds were very comfortable, with cuddly duvets. The bathroom was spotless and fresh. We had a small TV (six whole channels), a pot for boiling water with coffee and tea, a trouser press, blow dryer, and safe. You had to unplug the water pot if you needed an outlet , and there was no clock. The TV did include an alarm feature, which worked well. One thing to note: you have to put your key card in the slot near the light switch to make it turn on. The hotel service is adequate, although it would've been nice if someone had offered to take our suitcase to the room and clued us in about the key card activating the lights. Check-in was prompt and efficient. We were able to check our bags in early, and also left them for part of the day on checkout. My only complaint is that the maid left our room unlocked one day, which is unnerving when you return after a day out with your child. The manager promptly responded, and indicated there hadn't been an &quot;incident&quot; there for three years (nothing was disturbed in our room, and Jack the Ripper wasn't lurking in the shower).If you like strange tasting meat, then the hotel breakfast is for you! The breakfast, which was included in our rate, had both hot and cold selections, and the waitstaff very promptly served up coffee and toast. There were several types of cereals, croissants, canned fruit, an unknown type of melon, prunes, and cold ham and cheese. The flavoring of the meat (sausage, vegetable sausage, and bacon) tasted different than what I'm used to, and not in a good way. There were also sunny side up eggs, scrambled eggs, mushrooms, and cooked tomatoes, all of which were pretty good.The location is terrific - it's bustling with many restaurants, shops, students, business people and tourists. The Russell Square tube stop is just a five minute walk, as is the British Museum. If you want to save a few bucks on lunch and enjoy some people watching at the same time, grab a sandwich from the Tesco market next door and walk over to Russell Square Park. There is also an outdoor café at the park as well. The area was very safe, even at night. We managed to find an ATM that was fee-free (not all of them are). There are loads of Italian restaurants in the area - Amalfi's was the best one that we tried.If I were to travel to London again intent on visiting the British Museum, I would definitely stay at the Bonnington. The location and overall atmosphere were great, and it was a good value ($150 a night, including all taxes and breakfast).	
May 5 2005	Even got an upgrade	My wife and I just got back from a week long visit to London and we stayed at the Bonnington. We were very pleased with the hotel. After reading the foroms here before we left I knew that some of the roooms had digffernet sized beds os I asked at5 checkin igf we could get one of the rooms with a larger double. The manager was called over and he gave us a key for a room and asked if we'd like to look at it first. It turned out to be one of thier executive rooms, of course we took it. It was nice and large and was situated on the back of the hotel overlooking a little playground and some appartment buildings. Not bad view at all. Everything in the room was as good as could be. The included breakfast buffet was large and included a variaty of choices, a good start for the day and helped us save on the food tab. We never ate dinner in the restaraunt so I can't comment on that, other then to say that the prices and selection seemed about average. The bar was Okey, but nothing special, One good thig is that we were able to get some sanwhiches there after midnight on one particularly busy day. Everything else inthe area had sttopped serving food by that time.The location is good with all the pubs, resteraunts and transport conections within an easy distance. Don't get your money changed in the states, theres a place to chage money at good rates and no commision a couple of doors from the hotel.	
May 3 2005	excellent hotel	Six of us stayed at the hotel booked through an agency, and because I had booked for us all, I was upgraded to a suite which was quite lovely, a duplex with a patio area and balcony to enjoy the unusually beautiful weather.With breakfast included in the price I don't think this hotel can be faulted, the executive rooms were well worth the price (and not that expensive for London), the breakfast room was efficiently staffed and the food lovely.I can't fault it, and the location is away from the more manic areas of London, therefore, much calmer. It's only a short walk to two tube stations and all attractions are within minutes. There are lots of small restaurants bars pubs and shops with a Tesco express right next door! I would suspect that most rooms in the hotel are quiet, as even on a Saturday night, we didn't find the area over boisterous.	
Apr 25 2005	Great place for the cost	I stayed at the Bonnington in a single room (as a solo female traveler) from April 14 through April 22. The value for the money is very good. I paid 66 pounds per night and felt that was a good price.As already mentioned, the rooms are small. I was in an single and although it was small I would call it cozy. I would guess the room was about 8 feet wide and 12 feet long, not including the bathroom. Bathroom was good size, normal hotel bathroom size. The size of the room did not bother me at all, except when I started buying a lot of stuff and had to find a place to put it. LOLAnyway, the bed in the room was very comfortable as was the pillow. The bed is up against the wall and has bumpers around it in case you roll into the wall. At the foot of the bed was a trouser press (I did not use it) and to the right foot of the bed was the closet. Inside the closet there was a safe. For me the closet was large enough for the amount of hanging clothes I had. Next to/across from the bed was a small desk/vanity (and mirror above) with a drawer and cabinet wihth 2 shelves. Next to this was a tv mounted on the wall and beneath that was a shelf to store things also. Right next to the bed was a tiny night stand with telephone on it. There was also a small ledge around the bed if you needed ot put things there.The television got 5 or 6 channels and worked fine. It was supposed to tune in radio but I never could get that to work. Next to the tv the blow dryer was mounted (next to the desk). For me the blowdryer worked very well. I thought it was much more powerful than most hotel blow dryers. I have thick medium length hair and it dried my hair quickly.The bathroom was fine, everything worked well. Shower always had hot water and good pressure. It was strange getting in and out of since the walls of the tub were much higher than we are used to in the US. Towels were always very plush and bright white. I brought my own toiletries but they had a small soap and a shower cap and glass in the bathroom.The breakfast was fine. There was always a queue and the room was always very busy and rushed and you are always getting bumped into. The food itself was fine, they had cereals and milk (whole milk only), apples, oranges, other canned and cut up fruits, eggs, sausages, bacon (kind of looked like ham), hash browns, etc. I didn't go to breakfast every day I stayed there just because it was I didn't like the &quot;ambiance&quot; there.I had one drink in the bar and it was comfortable and people were watching a game on the big-screen tv. I didn't spend a lot of time there. It was fine, people hanging out and drinking and smoking and socializing.The location of the hotel is very good. You are right between Russel Square and Holborn underground stops. I think Holborn was a tad closer. There is also a Tesco Express right next door that always had very good sandwiches and chocolate croissants. I ate at Pizza Express about a block away and that was very good. There is a McDonald's near the Holborn station if you want that. There are plenty of places to eat, restaurants or pubs nearby. Chemist was there, some little shops near by too. New Oxford Street is very close for shopping. British Museum is very close as well. It's a very good location.Oh yeah, if you plan on using the gym facilities, know that it's an extra 5 pounds per use if you are not in an executive room. I had planned on using the gym but didn't know it was extra cost. $10 per use was just too much for me. I just walked that much more.This is a good place for the money and I would stay again for a good rate but wouldn't depend on the breakfast as I don't like starting my day out that way when I know I'll be rushing around the rest of the day. I think that was the only thing I was dissapointed in.	
Apr 22 2005	Great value great location great hotel!	We stayed in the Bonnington in April 2005 We found the hotel to be in a great location, appx 5 mins walk from Russell Sq tube station, which is on the Picadilly line with direct links to Heathrow. On arrival at the hotel (and throughout our stay) the staff were friendly and efficient, public areas were clean and very smart and the breakfast room, though busy, was well run with a wide selection of breakfast items. The rooms were quite small, but well laid out, clean and confortable. We stayed in a standard twin room and found the beds very soft and comfortable with crisp white duvets and sheets - perfect after a long day sightseeing! Our room was at the back of the hotel and was incredibly peaceful and quiet, perhaps the quietest hotel I've ever stayed in!There's complimentary tea, coffee &amp; water in the room and a tv offers free channels as well as pay per view films and Playstation games. The bathroom was relatively basic, but clean. The shower wasn't the most powerful, but everything that we needed was there.We really enjoyed our stay. There are lots of reasonably priced restaurants and bars in Russell Square and lots of shops including a supermarket and a chemist. The area seems safe and busy enough without being hectic - we were two women alone and felt perfectly safe walking in the area at night. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere reasonably central. The Bonnington is clean, comfortable and good value - what more could you want?!	
Apr 17 2005	Can't be beaten	My husband and I stayed at the Bonnington for two nights mid April. Our room, at the back of the hotel, was quiet, nicely decorated and very clean. A short walk to Holborn tube station and Oxford St, the hotel is in a super location. For the price of about £44.50 pp per night B&amp;B (booked through an online agent) I found it to be excellent value for money. Clean, modern and friendly, it would certainly be our first choice should we plan another trip to London.	
Apr 12 2005	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Bonnington in March 2005 for 3 nights. We enjoyed this hotel very much, it was clean and the service was friendly. The breakfast was a really good buffet. There was also a lively bar in the lobby that was full of hotel guests after hours. It is located by the British Museum and the tube is a 5 minute walk in either direction. Would definitely stay here next time!	
Mar 28 2005	Good Hotel in an excellent location.	We stayed at the Bonnington for six nights during the second week in March. It was our first time here and by far our best hotel experince in London. The rooms are small, but they are very clean. The staff was exceptional, very kind and accommodating. The location is excellent. We tried to locate near the British Museum which is just two blooks away and were pleased that not only were we so close to it, but that it was so convenient to everyplace we wanted to go. We were also surprised at how much we enjoyed the restaurant, it was quiet, the food good and very reasonable for London. If they're not booked when we next travel to London we will definitely try to stay at the Bonnington. Now, if they could just do a little something about the weather!	
Mar 24 2005	Hen Night Heaven	Myself &amp; 8 friends stayed here 19th March for my Hen weekend, we had booked twin &amp; single rooms but were upgraded on arrival to suites which were fab!Excellent location, great staff, good choice for breakfast, one of the best hotels in London I have stayed in.Would definitely recommend &amp; stay there again.Big thanks to Duty Manager Rachid who made our stay so comfortable!	
Mar 23 2005	Simply the Best Hotel in London!	My wife and I go to London at least twice each year. We cannot recommend the Bonnington highly enough. We have stayed at many other hotels in London over the years and none have the combo of cleanliness, modern facilities, pleasant breakfast room, or location. If coffee is your thing, forget Starbucks and go 2 doors away to Nero's which is a smaller chain out of Milan, Italy. A beautiful quiet space with no coffee concoctions as with Starbucks. Strictly great coffee, exquisite cappuccino, silky espresso, and excellent latte. Consistently puts Stabucks to shame. The hotel is quiet and caters more to European travellers and businessmen than to Americans. There are also many small uncrowded restaurants on the same street which are moderately priced and very good. We often go to plays and concerts and prefer to return to the hotel before curtain time, freshen up and eat in one of these restaurants prior to the performance. Less crowded and cheaper than any of the theater district eating establishments. We have stayed at the Bonnington for years and would only go somplace else if they were booked.	
Mar 21 2005	The Bonnington was Excellent	A friend and I recently spent four nights at the Bonnington. We found this hotel to be excellent for the price. It is perfectly located to enable you to walk to all the central London sites and a few blocks from the Piccadilly Line Tube stations at either Russell Square or Holborn. We arrived in the morning to find the room not ready. After a wait in the comfortable lobby, we were able to check in. Much to our surprise we were given a triple room for two people, and that worked out fine. The room, which was located at the back was quiet and while not spacious, was certainly adequate and nicely decorated. The beds were very comfortable and had duvet covers. Both room and bathroom were kept immaculately clean throughout our stay and not once, were we disturbed by either cleaning personnel or noise from the hallway as they worked.Hotel personnel were friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet, included in the room price was very good -- all the usual British breakfast fare. Service personnel in the restaurant aimed to please. For the price (obtained on an internet booking engine), we were well satisfied with the Bonnington and would both recommend it and stay there again when next in London.	
Mar 4 2005	clean but loud	stayed there 3 days at the end of january in a single room.wheni got into my room the door was open and a few tools and boards lying on the floor.i got another room, only to find, that could not sleep the first night because of a loud hummin from the heating/AC syste of the hotel (not of the room)got another room then, and it was better.agree with cleanness and friendliness of staff, great location	
Mar 1 2005	Clean and comfortable rooms	Very clean room, nice bathroom. Friendly staff, and good location, almost smack between the Russell St and Holborn tube stops. Breakfast is included and hearty, fairly wide choices. I ordered the pot pie for room service...not so good!But this hotel is great and good value.	
Feb 4 2005	Highly Recommended	This hotel was absolutely fabulous. We stayed here for three nights in August 2004 and the service of the hotel was of a high standard. The food served in the bar was good and the bar staff very friendly. Our room was of a standard size and very clean.The hotel is well located if you are staying in London and most places are within walking distance.We would highly recommend this hotel if you are thinking of staying in Central London.	
Jan 23 2005	Good hotel- good location	I usually stay in this area when in London. Central to everything compared to Bayswater, and Bonnington is a favourite. Booked through BA Holidays when buying the BA-flight, and got an unbeatable offer. Stayed for four nights in early November. Booked a single, got a twin room on the top floor with lovely view over the rooftops towards British Museum. Clean room, good brekfast, nice bar and all in all good experience.	
Jan 8 2005	Good Value - Good Location	This is based on a mid-December 2004, 10 day stay. I agree fully with the two reviews immediately below. The Bonnington is a great value and a great location and the Standard Single room is quite small (by US standards). The staff at the Bonnington was very friendly. I stayed in two different standard singles and both were very clean and fresh, evidence of having been updated recently. As noted, the bathroom was almost as big as the room! But then again, I guess you don't go to London to hang out in your room. Just be aware that the lovely photos you see online at their web site must be their &quot;Executive&quot; rooms, not the Standard. One other thing.... one tends to forget how revolutionary the US is to have banned smoking in most public spaces. Smoking is allowed in the ground floor reception area so while it has comfortable furniture and might be a nice place to hang out and read you have to be willing to put up with all the smoke. If you like walking, there is quite a bit you can reach on foot from the Bonnington and if not the tube stations are close. The included buffet breakfast was quite acceptable and a nice bonus.	
Jan 6 2005	Great value that can't be beaten!!!!!!!	I love the Bonnington!Okay the rooms are a little small but they are spotlessly clean and have everything you want even including a couple of bottles of water!The location is great for the British Museum and you can stroll to Tottenham Court Road, Oxford Street and Covent Garden quite easily.The staff are very friendly and the breakfast with its choice of sausage, bacon, egg, tomatos, beans, fruit, cereal, breads and loads more can't be beaten!I've stayed in 6 London hotels in the past couple of months and none of them come up to the standards of the Bonnington - and some of these are suppose to be 4 star hotels! I get quite upset if the Bonnington is full and I have to go else where.Excellent value for money - book it if you can!!!!!!!	
Jan 4 2005 	Good hotel book late for best value	If you book late you will get a good price for this comfortable, large, modern hotel. I have stayed here for £50 per night which is way below their normal tariff.It is situated btween Russell Square and Holborn tube stations on the Northern line, equidistant between the two - about 5-10 mins walk. The breakfast is pretty good, a buffet with a large choice in an airy dining room.The single rooms (which I can only comment on) are very clean with spotless and surprisingly large bathrooms, and modern decor.But be aware that London hotel rooms are not large, so if you are flying in from the US you will have to be realistic and accept that suite-sized rooms which may be standard in the US are simply not viable in London. As long as the room has en-suite bathroom, is clean, and you can get a good night's sleep in comfort and without noise, just spend your time exploring London!	
Dec 7 2004	The Bonnington: Mostly OK but be aware...	I booked this hotel through a major site and read all reviews here about the Bonnington at TripAdvisor. Most of the reviews here are glowing and therefore I felt that staying at this hotel was an absolute no-lose situation. I even checked the Bonnington's website to ensure that the room we were receiving was adequate to our standards. I was in laughing disbelief upon opening the door to my room, upon check-in. This was absolutely nothing even closely resembling the rooms at The Bonnington's website. This room looked as if it were a tiny, generic $60 hotel room with typical mix-and-match/cheap decor and furnishings. The double bed was only suitable for the short and skinny. We ended up paying US$189 (including taxes) per night and felt ripped-off. We complained but were only given a slightly larger room which was even more depressing-looking. The positives about the Bonnington are:LocationCleanlinessNice and helpful staffNice complimentary breakfastThis is a nice place to stay if you don't care anything about the room other than its cleanliness. If you do care about having a normally-sized bed and room for the money, go elsewhere. The pictures advertised of for this hotel are nothing short of misleading- almost like black and white. If you do decide to book here, make sure you are paying no more than $120 total per night, unless you are looking at the Executive suite. If the room were up to par to the price, I too would give this hotel a glowing review.	
Oct 22 2004	Has to one of the best in London for the price!	I have to echo all the positives and superlatives about the Bonnington. We stayed in an executive wing room May 12-15. The room was large, well-furnished and very well kept. The included breakfast was excellent. The proximity to the Britsh Museum was the initial attraction but when we discovered a Starbucks across the street from the BM we were ectatic! Wish we could have spent more time in London/Bonnington.When I return to London, I'm heading back to the Bonnington without a doubt!	
Oct 18 2004	Loved the Bonnington-Nice Hotel At A Great Price!	The Bonnington is a great value and gives travellers a lot of amenities for a really good price. After checking in, the first thing you notice is the elevators. They're tiny. If you have a lot of luggage, you may need to take a couple trips (The elevator is about 3 foot x 7 foot and can hold hold 3 people plus 2 large suitcases). Like most London hotels, the room is quite small. Once you get over room's size, you find it has everything you need for a very pleasant stay. In terms of space, there is a couple foot walkway between the desk and the bed, a foot on one side of the bed, and 5 foot on the other side of the bed where you can open up 2 large suitcases comfortably ( the closet is not large enough to put any suitcases in). The TV is a 13&quot; and carries a handful of channels (PayPerView was out while we were there, but they did have 10-12 movies you could choose from if it did work). The room was well stocked with complimentary coffee/tea/water and there was a hair dryer in the room also. The bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom and had a full bath. If you're coming from the US please note the water pressure leaves alot to be desired, but I believe is typical of most older hotels (the water pressure is equivilant to an older US home when water is used in more than one location). There is a lot of counter space in the bathroom and a heated towl rack. The AC worked well and as long as the cleaning staff didn't turn it off, it kept the room cold (leaving the windows open wasn't an option even with the 70 degree weather as the buildings are all on top of each other and there is no ventilation). The only downside, albeit a minor one, was maid service. The maid service itself was fantastic, the room was always spotless and nothing ever went missing. My pet peeve was that the maids never paid attention to the do not enter sign. Ever. If you can overlook that minor problem or like to utilize the room's safe, then it shouldn't be a problem. In addition, the walls are also a little thin. If you're an early riser this is not an issue. If you like to sleep in, you may be wakened several times by the maid's carts. The complimentary breakfast was great and is served until 10am. The front desk is incredibly helpful and got us a reasonable cab fare back to the airport (it cost 65GBP to get to the hotel and only 35 GBP on the way back). The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood, a block from the British Museum. It is also a couple blocks from a couple different metro stops. We used Russel Square which was a few minutes walk away (a couple blocks). The tube goes absolutely everywhere and trains run quite late into the night. There are several nice restaurants nearby as well as a bar in the hotel that serves a decent selection of food. A couple stores a little distance away that had fresh fruit and snacks. If you want night life at your doorstep, the Bonnington is not the place for you. Try Piccadily Circus, Covent Garden or Leicaster Square. But if you want a nice hotel that is a great value and is centrally located, then look no further!	
Oct 10 2004	Great Value	What a great hotel! No, it's not the most luxurious, but it more than comfortable. A good location, spotless rooms, pleasant and courteous service, and a breakfast that puts many 4* hotels to shame.You won't get those extra touches that you get in a 4 or 5* hotel, but for a 3*, I can't imagine you'll find better in London. If you get offered a good deal, don't think twice!	
Oct 5 2004	Executive rooms worth the extra	We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions but upgrade to an executive room - they are in a separate wing with private lounge and small gym and can be as little as £95.00 per room per night including breakfast. As previously stated, hotel is in excellent location, spotlessly clean and staff very helpful.	
Oct 4 2004	Good Hotel but SMALL (and I mean SMALL) beds	Stayed for two nights at the Bonnington in Sept 04. Overall Hotel pretty good (even if we did have two fire alarms just as I was getting into the bath - seems someone kept smoking in a no smoking room.) Room size was adequate and although at the front overlooking Southampton Row - traffic noise was minimal. Incl full breakfast was very good. However they really should do something about the so-called double beds. I would class them as a large single. Consequently my wife &amp; I hardly slept which spoiled what was otherwise a good value for money break. Needless to say we shall be staying elsewhere on our next trip to London.	
Sep 25 2004	Excellent value	I stayed at the Bonnington in September 2004, and I must say that for the price you won't get much better. I was in a single room, which was well above the usual linen cupboard size you get at some hotels. Accommodation was clean and comfortable, and staff were polite, friendly and efficient enough.It's not a luxury hotel, but if you're not too fussy it'll suit you down to the ground - the location is perfect. I say again, for that price (I paid UKP55) you can't go wrong.	
Sep 22 2004	Couldn't Ask for Much More	This was my first trip to London so I can't compare the Bonnington to other hotels in the city. However, in researching hotels before the trip the biggest issues were always location, room size, cleanliness, and cost. There is no &quot;one &quot; London location close to all the sights. Bonnington is an excellent base, in pleasant part of the city, nearby shops, restaurants, and 5 minutes from the Tube. The rooms aren't huge, but ours was not at all cramped. While it is a fairly old hotel, everything from the lobby to our room was spotless and well maintained. Finally, the price was as good or better than any of the other hotels in the same range. To top if off, the breakfasts (included) were great, and they have internet access on the second floor. We chose Bonnington based on the positive reviews of others on Tripadvisor, and they were right. We really couldn't have asked for much more.	
Sep 21 2004	no view	A nice hotel, but the room was terrible, with a small window with no view at all... but staff was ok and also breakfast. Good for a short stay	
Sep 16 2004	small but pleasent	this hotel has a great location, just a few steps away from the british museum and the fashionable SOHO district. The room was very tiny and cheap seeming by american standards so be prepared, it is at the level of a howard johnson! There is a near by underground station for easy access. They have internet access at the hotel and the bar is quite popular with locals since it serves alcohol untill 2am. There is a cute alleyway near by with a tradional pub and good restuarant...you pay for the amazing location, it is very functional	
Sep 6 2004	Bonnington is in a nice and convenient area	Stayed in the Bonnington in August of this year. This was my first visit to London, so I have no other hotels to compare with the Bonnington, but I was happy with it. We had a twin room in the back of the hotel. It was quiet and clean. We got a good rate through British Airways. The breakfast was included; had a hot &quot;english breakfast&quot; along with cereal, yogurt, toast, tea and coffee. As others have mentioned, the location is close to two tube stops. I felt safe at night. There are numerous restaurants close by. I would stay here again on my next visit to London.	
Sep 5 2004	Awesome hotel.	For the prices I expected a decent budget hotel, and instead was very pleasantly surprised! Nice soft beds, black-out curtains; the hotel is very nicely furnished. The rooms are a little small but at these prices in London, no-one should expect anything more.A huge bonus was the WI-FI in the bar/lounge area - this is one of the few hotels that does have WI-FI in the UK.Awesome service. Room service doesn't even give you the chance to get your knickers on!I will be returning to this hotel everytime I go to London now.	
Aug 24 2004	Outstanding value	I travel a lot on business, so when I'm paying my own bill I tend to expect more than I'm paying for! The Bonnington delivers. A great location, good service, room quality significantly above its price range, and a good breakfast thrown in - and if you get a deal like I did it costs less than a budget &quot;inn&quot; or &quot;lodge&quot;.	
Aug 4 2004	Great place and location	The bonnington was a nice hotel with a great location to both russel square tube stop and the big bus tour company stop. We had a excutive double room so it was a decient size for london athough you must remember that all rooms are small and beds even smaller. Although the room was listed as a king bed it was really a queen or double even. Others were complaining at desk about the unexpected small beds but I had been prepared! I think it was worth the few extra buck for the excutive room which inculded breakfast.	
Jul 29 2004	Loved the Bonnington	Stayed at the Bonnington in Bloomsbury for 6 nights in July. It is a great deal. Price was very reasonable &amp; included a hot breakfast and VAT. Granted, my single room was very small. But it had everything I needed, including good airconditioning (it was hot in London in July). The bathroom was spacious, modern and very clean. The whole place was very clean. I had asked for a quiet room, and got one. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful. On the day I had to leave early, Breakfast was delivered on time to my room at 6 am as requested. The location is great - a five-minute walk to the British Museum, near bus and subway stops, shops and resturants handy. It isn't glamorous, but it is very comfortable.	
Jul 20 2004	fantastic	a fantastic place with awesome staff. highly recommend it.	
Jun 3 2004	Generally Good	Stayed 30 May. Searching the web for accommodation in London i hit upon the Bonnington. We were due to attend a wedding in London and worked out that i could save £85 by staying over the cost of a return taxi. Other opinions on this website said that the Bonnington was generally good. From our visit i would agree, the hotel is clean, the staff helpful, the rooms better than elsewhere i have stayed in London, the beds very confortable and rooms air conditioned as well. We booked 3 rooms, 2 twins and a single for a total cost of £115 including breakfast. We requested that all of the rooms were consecutive and were very pleased to find that all 3 rooms were on the same floor with 2 consecutive. Despite a 2pm (?) check in time we were able to gain access to 2 of our rooms at 11am. Hotel food was good and arrived hot with only a 15 minute delay from ordering. The average aspects were the morning breakfast but only from the perspective that we were there at a busy time and there was a queue for the tables and service was a little slow. The food was fine and unlimited. The below average aspect has been mentioned elsewhere on this site in that the rooms at the front of the hotel are noisy 24 hours a day. Overall, this is a great hotel for the money and i would stay again provided my room was at the back of the hotel.	
May 4 2004	Great deal Great hotel	We stayed at the Bonnington in April, 2004. First off, we got a great deal on their web site - as normally their rack rates are quite high. I don't know if the hotel would be worth the rack rate. Check their web site often as they have great deals all the time!We had a twin room, which we found to be Very large by London standards (we stayed in 3 hotels in London throughout the trip). This was our favorite hotel that we stayed at. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was large and well equipped, it was very clean, and again the room was huge! The staff were also quite friendly and helpful, and the hotel is in a good location. 2 blocks away from the British museum, and it's about 2 or 3 blocks away from either Holborn or Russel Square undergrounds. For a tip: good, well-priced, clean and even a bit fancy restaurant two stores down from the hotel called ASK is a great Italian restaurant. Very convenient!I would definitely recommend this hotel and we will return to it again if we can get a deal. Two thumbs up :)	
Apr 12 2004	A Wonderful Stay!	We spent 3 nights at the Bonnington, April 4-6. Since there were 5 of us, we required 2 rooms; a double and a triple. Both rooms were adequately sized by London standards and the room rates were reasonable. The rooms were very clean and well-kept throughout our stay. The hotel has a very good breakfast buffet that was included in our pre-paid room rate. The hotel location is excellent, centrally located and a very short walk to the Russell Square Underground station. I would definitely stay there again. My only gripe was that the TV in our room was on a stand that was too short to allow for proper viewing while reclining on the bed. But that's nit-picking, isn't it. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Bonnington to family or friends who would like to visit London.	
Apr 9 2004	Bad nights sleep	The room was extremely small - in fact the bathroom was bigger. The double bed was more like a single and the mattress was without doubt the worst I have ever come across. Definately one to miss.	
Apr 2 2004	Great location	We were able to get a great deal on the Bonnington's internet site. Unlike many places in Bloomsbury, the Bonnington was built as a full service hotel, and it makes a difference. We asked for a double room away from the street (Southampton Row is a busy street) and were given a quiet one on the second floor. The room was good-sized for London although small compared to the US (with air conditioning and color TV). The bath was bigger than many in London hotels (it had plenty of counter space, and a tub/shower). The room and bath were spotlessly clean. The staff was polite and helpful, and the full English breakfast was more than adequate. The location is excellent -- midway between the Russell Square and Holborn tube stations, with Sainsbury's grocery store three blocks away (including sandwiches and hot food). The hotel is a few blocks from the British Museum and there is an American Express office at Russell Square. We would definitely stay there again, if we could get a good deal -- the standard rates are high.	
Mar 31 2004	Good overall	Great location. Walls are a little thin and matress was terrible. Internet access terminals broken 'for a couple of days now'.Room was clean, staff was helpful, price pretty good. Would stay there again but will check matress on arrival.	
Mar 30 2004	disappointing stay	I have stayed here many times and always thought is was a good value for London and the location. My last trip (in March 2004) was something of a disappointment. I usually stay in a single room but this time got a double since I was there with my partner. I thought a double might include a queen bed, but it only a full. The room itself was quite small. Worst of all, one morning we awoke to no hot water and the next night we returned to no electrcity (I had to shave in a public bathroom). After I complained at the front desk, I was given a 25% reduction in one night's rate for the absence of hot water. I got nothing for having to prepare for an evening in London without electricty (perhaps if I had complained more I would have but I was no mood). I checked out of the hotel and got a great weekend rate a nearby 5-star hotel for just 6 pounds more a night. I used to claim the Bonnington was a my first choice for affordable accommodations in London. It is still on my list, but I will check around more before I resort to this hotel in the future.	
Mar 29 2004	Great Place to stay!		
Mar 24 2004	Loved the Bonnington		
Feb 29 2004	Great Location Great Hotel		
Feb 20 2004	My favorite hotel in london		
Feb 9 2004	Why I always stay at the Bonnington		
Jan 6 2004	Good service and reasonable price		
Jun 6 2003	So-so experience		
Apr 3 2003	Very comfortable		
Aug 11 2002	A good choice		
Jul 14 2002	A well run hotel		
Nov 18 2009	Park Inn de Russell Square london		
Nov 3 2009 	Albergo nuovo con camere spaziose in una posizione ottimale		
Oct 24 2009 	????		
Aug 12 2009 	Ideale Lage - Freundlicher Service		
Jun 30 2009 	Perfecto		
Jun 10 2009 	Estupendo Para Londres		
May 27 2009 	????????????		
May 18 2009 	Contemporain et bien placé		
May 13 2009 	un choix agreable		
Apr 26 2009 	Minable pour un 4 etoiles		
Mar 25 2009 	???????		
Mar 9 2009 	Très bon hôtel - Bonne situation		
Feb 10 2009 	Hotel Trés bien situé un trés bon 4*		
Jan 6 2009 	???????????		
Nov 5 2008	Park Inn London Russell Square		
Aug 12 2008 	????????		
Jan 9 2008 	les yeux fermes !		
Aug 31 2007 	Bien pero con detalles.		
