Nov 25 2009 	They make sure that you have a WONDERFULL time in London!!!	We where for 4 days in London.. We had booked the London Lodge Hotel in Earls Court.. It's easy to find, It's near the metro station, and you are in de middle of the city with a lot of shops!!!! Also you can walk to the Holland park and the Hyde park.. Excellent location.. The London Lodge Hotel is a very nice hotel.. It's clean, the staff is very friendly, the rooms are good and have a typical english style! You can always count on the staff.. They are there for you 24/7..We can really recommend the London Lodge Hotel to everyone who wants to have a GREAT time in London!!!! For us is sure that we will come back here next year..Cindy &amp; Mieke from the Netherlands	
Nov 23 2009 	Good small and quiet hotel near the center	I've stayed there for just one night. We arrived really early, but that was no problem. We could store our luggage at the hotel. The people were very friendly. The rooms were clean, nicely decorated. Bathroom was large, very clean. Breakfast was good, the English Breakfast was cooked as you ordered it, so a bit of a waiting period, but definately worth waiting for, everything was freshly made. The location was good, near the underground and busstops. A nice place to rest after spending a day in the buzy streets of London.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great small hotel	Stayed for four nights in September. Small rooms but very clean. Staff very friendly and helpful. Very nice breakfast. On very quiet street so you can rest after hard day of sightseeing. Very near Ear's Court subway station and good restaurants and pubs. Close to bus stop too. An excellent value. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 10 2009 	nice stay	The staff was very friendly and helpfull.The room was comfortable and clean with coffee and tea facilities.Breakfast was tastefull, but we expected more.Overall a pleasant stay there.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent Value	The hotel is located on a quiet street (often hard to find in a big city) and is only 5-minutes from Earl's Court Station. The neighborhood has a nice variety of restaurants, grocery stores, a laundromat and other services, including a Starbucks. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The hotel is very clean and the room was a decent size compared to other London hotels. Overall staying at London Lodge was a super experience -- especially when compared with other hotels. The wireless is a reasonable price.	
Oct 9 2009 	Small quiet hotel with updated rooms and fine service.	We spent a week at the London Lodge and are very pleased to have found this small, quiet hotel away from the city center hubbub. The beds are great. The high-pressure shower is fitted over an enormous bathtub, a great place to soak away the sightseeing aches. We had the full breakfast plan, but if you want to eat lighter the continental buffet is far more than adequate--cereals, yogurt, fruit, etc. We could easily walk 10 minutes to either Earl's Court Station or High Kensington Station, or catch a bus 1/2 block from the hotel. The staff was very friendly and eager to help. Elevator inside building, but stairs to get inside the building.	
Sep 30 2009 	An exquisite friendly homely small hotel in a special part of London	The personal touch and warmth on arriving are the most pleasing aspects of this hotel. The staff are exceptionally polite and helpful, the atmosphere is comfy and homely and the rooms are well-appointed and cosy.	
Sep 20 2009 	We will be back sooner or later !	We stayed at the London Lodge Hotel for 5 nights during august 2009 and we have lots of good memories. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful, our room was spacious and clean, so was the bathroom, we felt very well looked after. This was our secon stay at the London Lodge Hotel and again we liked it very much, especially because of the quiet and uncrowded environment. For all that, its easy to get into the city either by bus or by underground and there are nice places to eat in the neighbourhood. We do recommend this hotel to everybody who is looking for exellent service but prefers a quiet place after having been around all day.spiderrock from switzerland	
Aug 4 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION - FAULTLESS HOTEL	Sister and I stayed here in July 2009 for 3 nights. Room clean and very comfortable. Bathroom clean and with excellent hot shower. Maid serviced room every day. Mini-bar in room but not needed as room service was available 24/7. Nothing was too much trouble for staff who were all very friendly. Main light in room was not working when we arrived. Never mentioned it as it did not matter to us, but next day it was fixed. Location is excellent for sight-seers with Earl''s Court tube just 5 minutes on foot and the main museums about 20 minutes walk. Hotel is on a quiet residential street so no big city hustle and bustle to contend with. Priced very reasonably for London and good value. Cannot wait to go back.	
Jul 21 2009 	Very good hotel	We stayed here in the beginning of July 2009. It's a very nice hotel, in a nice neighbourhood (Kensington). The staff was very friendly, especially Raimonda. Breakfast was good. I would definitely recommend it if you want to stay in a quieter part of London.	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantasic!!	Hi everyone, me and my friend stayed at this hotel for one night in July. When we first arrived at the hotel we couldn't believe our luck for what we paid! My first impressions were great and the staff were lovely, in fact they couldn't of been more helpful!! We had a standard room, it was clean and spacious, we had very comfy beds, a well stocked mini bar, air con and a jacuzzi bath!! The breakfast was also good, a great selection of cereal, croissants, toast etc. We paid an extra £5 for a full english- I agree with some others that they could of been a bit more generous but what i had tasted fab so couldn't compain!! The location was good, a really nice part of london. The bus stop is a 2 min walk and the tube station was 5 mins away.I will definatly be staying in this hotel again and would reccomend this to anyone.(We booked ours through First Choice travel agents and got it cheaper than booking direct!)	
Jul 17 2009 	wonderful!	It's a small hotel, but very nice. The people who work there are very friendly and helpfull. I had a wonderful time here. I was alone, but the hotel with it's people and envoirenment made me feel very welcome and accepted. I had a wonderful time and this hotel I definilty recomend to to everyone. I had a wonderful time!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Good value hotel and very friendly staff	A friendly small hotel in an excellent location. Room decor wasnt brilliant but I understand that they are upgrading. Bathroom had already been done and was very nice, as was the restaurant area. Breakfast was good, although they could do with being a bit more generous with the portions for the full english. I know that you get bigger rooms etc at chain hotels but you pay the earth and do not get the personal service that you get here. Suited me down to the ground.	
Jul 5 2009 	Shabby with awful beds!	Shabby, and far from chic! Worst beds ever! Does anyone think of turning the mattress or even purchasing new matresses after 50 years!! We stayed five nights too many, but it had already been paid through the travel agent. The breakfast was minimul. The near by restaurants (except for Masala Zone) were second rate. The only good memory of the experience were the lovely, very helpful staff. Our advice, spend more money and get a better value.	
Jul 4 2009 	We had a delightful stay	The London Lodge Hotel is located a brief walk from the Earl's Court tube station, which provides fast and easy access to both Heathrow and the city sites. It is on a quiet street with lots of pubs and restaurants near by. The hotel staff was gracious to us and eager to be accommodating. Our room was comfortable, plenty spacious for our needs and climate controlled. The complementary breakfast provided all that we needed to begin the day (a full English breakfast could be purchased for a slight upcharge). We would definintely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2009 	Little Jewel in Kensington	We loved our first stay at the London Lodge. Our room was small, but this was expected and it met all our requirements. The service was topnotch and the staff was always pleasant despite our million questions. The only meal we ate in the restaurant was breakfast each morning and there were plenty of fresh juices, cereals, fruits, and of course toast and croissants. The location of this hotel is perfect, a five minute walk to the tube, or go the other direction for a ten minute walk to Kensington High Street. Returning to our room each evening was a pleasure as it was always immaculate. We were very happy with our choice of the London Lodge and will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - Warmest Service	We regularly visit London and know the local hotel scene quite well having stayed at numerous hotels (4 and 5 star).The London Lodge is wonderful - beautiful hotel and rooms, excellent location, terrific breakfast and the warmest, most hospitable staff that make all the difference. Keep it up London Lodge - we'll defintely be back and cannot recommend you strongly enough!	
May 7 2009 	Roomy clean and charming	I stayed three nights with my wife 3-6.5.2009. We were very satisfied. Reception and service was friendly. Our doubleroom was very clean, englishstyle furnished, space enough (two tables, 140cm bed), Bathroom was nice and clean. The breakfastroom was beutiful and there was no rush. Our continental breakfast included toasts, cornflakes, musli, yoghurt, juice and of course tea and coffee.The only negative thing was, that rooms are a little bit noisy, for example TV-sounds were heard easily. The street was quiet, so it didn´t disturb.Hotel is about five minutes walk from Earl´s court, which is about 15 min from the City. Next time we maybe take hotel nearby the city. Anyway taking the tube is necessarily.	
May 1 2009 	Came back and will book again for next year	I love the London Lodge Hotel; great location for business at Earls Court; friendly staff; spotless bathrooms and a wonderfully deep tub to soak in.My only slight complaint was that the housekeeper couldn't get the ceiling fan to function in my somewhat hot room. We both had a good laugh in that neither of us could get it to work.Opened the windows and problem solved. I will definately be back next year.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great place to stay for a week touring London.	Our family of four stayed for a week while touring London. Mandy and the entire staff were most helpful throughout our stay. We booked two double rooms, but when we arrived, only one of the doubles was available because of a plumbing problem. Mandy arranged for our kids to each have their own single for the week--what a treat!There were plenty of choices for breakfast each day (included with our room). Some days we had the full breakfast; other days we chose from the cereals, fruit, and yogurt.The London Lodge Hotel's location just north of Earl's Court tube stage was perfect. We were easily able to get to our destinations every day, and made the most of our 7-day travelcards on the underground. There are numerous restaurants near the hotel, including our favorite, Masala Zone, wonderful Indian food at a reasonable price.	
Mar 22 2009 	A Terrific Hotel Wonderful Staff!	This was our second stay at London Lodge. We spent 5 nights here. The room was very comfortable and bright, with large windows that could be opened for the spring air. We continue to be very impressed by the friendly and efficient staff. Management takes an active role in ensuring 'guests come first'. This hotel is a very short walk from the Earl's Court Tube Station. At the end of a long day of sightseeing, it felt like coming home when you walked in the front door. We will definitely return to London Lodge on our next visit to London.	
Feb 27 2009 	LOVED my stay at this charming Kensington hotel.	I am a writer working on a project about public transit, so access to the tube was critical. Earl's Court Station is just a few blocks away- three minute walk. My hotel room (single) was quite small-- as most European hotels are. But CLEAN and cozy. The continental breakfast is included with stay and one can order hot breakfast for reasonable prices. My bathroom area was STUNNING. Really nice, clean, newly remodeled. The neighborhood is charming. A few blocks from Kensington Palace. Near many pubs, grocery stores, restaurants, bookstores, etc. The staff is AMAZING. Very friendly. Internet is not free, but VERY, VERY reasonable. Wi-Fi in my room cost me 5 pounds for an entire week. I would HIGHLY recommend this wonderful hotel to all of my friends. Daniel Slocum	
Jan 16 2009 	Great Little Hotel	We visited this hotel with my brother and our best friend for 6days during December.It is a small and cosy hotel situated at a very quite street near Earls Court tube station.We had a double room with extra bed, the room was large(very comfortable for 3persons),the bathroom was also very large and the cleaning lady changed our towels everyday.The staff was very polite (especially the girl at the Breakfast room) and the breakfast was excellent (freshly cooked breakfast).Definatly you'll be seeing us again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Good location	Nice leafy street in Kensington area. Close with only few minutes walk to Earl's Court Station, Copelands Street , City Tour Buses and National History Museum. Older style building ie thick walls with a lift be wary of this alot of older style accomodation buildings do not have lifts just lots of stairs.	
Jan 3 2009 	Perfect Little Hotel	For my 30th birthday my husband took me for a visit to London for some Christmas Shopping. Found this hotel on Expedia and liked the reviews on this site, so we decided to book the hotel. And we have enjoyed every minute we stayed here. Nice room, large bathroom, friendly staff. Breakfast is continental, but you can have a full English breakfast for a small charge. Boiled eggs even come per two, if you order them! The hotel is situated in a nice street with lovely old buildings, just a 5 minute walk from the Earls Court tube station. It's a perfect place to stay if you want to have a good night sleep after a day full of shopping around!. It's situated near great parks as Kensington Gardens, Hide Park and Holland Park. If you walk trough Holland Park you end up in Notting Hill. We did that while it was raining (bad idea), it must be lovely in the summer. The underground takes you wherever you want to go. Earls Court station is a good starting point for exploring the city. We loved our visit and we will certainly return here in the future!Moniek &amp; Roland	
Dec 31 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed at the London Lodge for a week in a single room. The room was small but quaint and cosy. I loved every minute of the stay. The room was big enough for me and my luggage and had a fantastic bathroom with a bathtub, a luxury you do not often get in a value hotel in Europe. Breakfast was simple but more than enough for me. It got to the point where the staff knew what I wanted and presented coffee, white toast and croissants every morning. The location is absolutely perfect and I will stay here next time I am in London. I have stayed in good value (inexpensive) hotels in Europe before and this is one of the best! Thanks to the staff.	
Dec 22 2008 	Good at what it does	I have just returned after a one night stay here with my teenage daughter, we were visiting Olympia, and this hotel was exactly right for our trip, being friendly, clean, had comfortable beds and was within easy walking distance.The welcome at reception was good, our room was on the first floor at the back. It was small, which was fine for 1 night, I think I would have booked a larger room if we were staying much longer. The room showed some signs of wear &amp; tear, but it was spotless, as was the bathroom. Tea &amp; coffee making equipment was available on request. Generally, it was quiet, although one noisy guest did wake us up when he returned to his room during the night. The air con was quiet &amp; efficient. We only used the restaurant for breakfast, which was fine. Again, the staff were very friendly. We would definitely stay here again if visiting this area of London.	
Nov 18 2008 	Disappointed in our stay	It isn't often that I disagree with the Trip Advisor community, but I was disappointed by our stay at the London Lodge Hotel and would not return there. We had a double room, but it was very small (perhaps 12 feet wide by 15 feet deep) and the double bed and furnishings took up almost all the space. I would hate to see the size of the single room. The mattress was so soft and uncomfortable that you were in danger of sliding off if you sat on a corner of the bed. My boyfriend, who is much more tolerant of hotel shortcomings than I am, said it was one of the worst hotel beds he had ever experienced. The electricity was a little unreliable. When I had the trouser press turned on, the overhead light started blinking and wouldn't reliably stay on. We were in Room 4, which shared a wall with the hotel office, and we could periodically hear the phone ringing as well as other comings-and-goings in the office. We also heard voices from other adjoining rooms, as well. There were only five channels available on the hotel TV, with no American news channels such as CNN (we were eager to keep up with political news after the election). There is wireless Internet access, but you have to pay for it (rates start at 2 pounds an hour, I believe). There is a computer in the lobby with Internet access, but you have to pay for that, too. On the plus side, the room was clean, the front desk staff was very nice and the continental breakfast was OK. If you like the Earls Court area, I would recommend the Hotel K+K George, which is nicer and also closer to the tube station. And they don't charge you for using the lobby computer with Internet access.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great place to stay in London	This hotel is well located in the Kensington area two short blocks from the Earl’s Court tube station. It is on a quaint and quiet street. The accommodations are pleasant, but the room was small. Ask if you can store your luggage somewhere so you don’t have to trip over it. The bathroom was modern and clean. Breakfast is not included, but there is a restaurant on the premises. The persons at the desk were very friendly and helpful. We would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	very nice small hotel	Great location and price made this an ideal stay in London. Very helpful staff and small hotel made for warm welcoming atmosphere. Hotel is older style and a little shabby in parts but overall very nice with lovely breakfast room. Bathrooms were fine and beds very comfortable. On one of our two stays in Sept/Oct we had an upgrade to executive room which was large and roomy. Only complaint was bedspread in one of the rooms we stayed in needed a wash.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Hotel in a Great Location!	We had a great 4 night stay in this little hotel in Kensington! Due to an unexpected strike by Eurostar in Belgium, we had to re-arrange our plans and arrive a day early. The London Lodge was wonderful and had no problems accomodating our extra night. This hotel is very close to the tube and very close to a little tavern that became our favorite London hangout--Earl's Court Tavern. Definitely check it out and order the Treacle! Our room was very nice and always clean with nice space! There was wonderful water pressure in the shower (in fact, I had to turn it down a bit!), and we never ran out of hot water. The staff was excellent and always pleasant and willing to help! We will definitely stay here again the next time we're back in London!	
Sep 18 2008 	Good Value at the London Lodge	We spent 8 nights in early Sept. 08 at the London Lodge Hotel in Kensington, which hotel we originally found on Trip Advisor. We prefer the intimacy of a smaller hotel and we were not disappointed. Our room was a comfortable size, we had good water pressure in the shower/bath, lots of hot water always available, the air conditioning worked well, the bed was good, lots of hangers in the closet. We were given our own kettle to make tea &amp; cofee in our room. Anything we asked for was provided promptly. A computer was available in the lobby with hi-speed Internet for a small price. The location was convenient, a charming neighborhood, a 7 minute walk to the tube and a good selection of restaurants, cafes, pubs, groceries, all nearby. Good breakfast (great coffee) served in the hotel incuded with your stay (eggs, bacon, cheese cost extra). We went away for one night in the middle of our stay and when we returned were given a comparable room, the only negative was the jacuzzi didn't work in the second room). We would definitely stay there again when in London.	
Sep 16 2008 	Very Good Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night. My room was in the third floor. The room was big enough for my wife and me. The room was very clean and the bathroom spotless. The service also was fantastic. Lea, the manager, was extremely helpful. When we just had arrived she also offered us a service of tea and coffe without any extra charge.Due to the fire in the Eurotunnel, we could´t travel to Paris and we had to stayed two more nights. The hotel was full, so we had to take the last avalaible room. I have to recognize that it wasn´t as good as the first one (was located downstairs), but it anyway fulfill our expectations.I would advise anyone coming to London to stay in this hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Loved the London Lodge Hotel!	Just got back from London and my home away from home there, The London Lodge Hotel. The staff, especially Lea were extremely gracious and helpful. I had to switch my reservation at the last minute to a single room and they were able to accommodate me and more - with a single and bath that made my stay very memorable!The hotel is very centrally located - just blocks from Kensington High Street and Earl's Court high street. Everything I needed from train times to a cab to Paddington Station was handled with ease. Special tip - don't miss the English breakfast - it's quite good as is the fisn n'chips dinner at Stephanie's Restaurant on the lower ground floor. Very convenient! The mini-bar in the room is well stocked with refreshments and the bed is comfy too.If you are looking for a home base to explore London - look no further! Thanks Lea and Mandy and all the staff at the London Lodge Hotel for my wonderful stay! I'll be back!	
Jun 30 2008	A South Africans' favourite Hotel in London!!!!!!	Hi everyone!!!London lodge is and always will be one of my favourite hotels in London. Its centrally located, the staff are welcoming and friendly and the hotel is beautiful. I would advise anyone coming to London to stay with Mandy and her team at London Lodge! Food was excellent!! Its in walking distance with Earls Court, Harrods, Kensington High Street and Kensington Palace. Its a bus ride away from the heart of London. Our stay was exceptional and we will always stay at London Lodge!Bianca=)	
Jun 20 2008	Very nice experience	My niece and I spent a week in London. I found the London Lodge Hotel on Expedia. The manager was one of the friendliest hoteliers I have encountered in my many travels -- she was extremely helpful. The rest of the hotel staff were friendly as well. Thanks for making our vacation special!	
Jun 3 2008 	Wonderful little hotel	Great little hotel with wonderful staff. Very accommodating and helpful. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Location is perfect. Quiet neighborhood - easy walking distance to cafes and shops.Thank You! Room 12 was just perfect!Yvette Sedeno	
May 28 2008 	We loved it here!	We stayed at the London Lodge Hotel from May 9-14, 2008, in Room 43. Our stay was wonderful and relaxing. Our room was clean, comfortable, and appeared to have been newly refurbished. The bathroom was also clean and tidy, and the skylight over the tub/shower combination provided lots of natural light. The room also had a hairdryer. The view from our room included some lovely roof gardens as well as the enclosed street-level gardens shared by a group townhouses.Breakfast included tea, coffee, juices, milk, toast and croissants, an assortment of cereals and yogurts, fresh fruits, and various jams and jellies. It was plenty to power us up for each day of exploring London. One morning we tried the Full English Breakfast; this was at an extra cost, and was worth it: fried eggs, sausage, beans, potatoes, etc. We did not eat dinner at the hotel and so cannot comment on that.The staff was very helpful and friendly, from the desk clerks to the restaurant staff. We really felt welcome.Earl’s Court Station is just a few minutes away by foot. In between the station and the hotel, on Earl’s Court Road, there is a grocery store, assorted shops, and a number of restaurants. Restaurants that we visited included Earl’s Court Tavern (traditional pub fare), Gourmet Burger Kitchen (delicious burgers, wish we had a GBK at home), a kebab shop (which had vegetarian options), and Kappa (sushi restaurant). The post office across the street from Earl’s Court Station sells shipping materials and international phone cards, and also exchanges currency.Internet access could be purchased for use of the computer, which is in the restaurant.Be sure to take a walk around the neighborhood. Each street is lovely.We hope to return to London someday and to stay at London Lodge Hotel. Thank you to Lea and the entire staff for making our stay in London a memorable one!	
Apr 27 2008 	Great place to stay - just don't use the offered taxi booking service	Just returned from the hotel today!A wonderful &quot;little&quot; hotel, with friendly, helpful staff, a clean, tidy room (Rm 32) aside from a few scuff marks on the walls (and a little garish wallpaper). We also found the room very warm. As we were on the 3rd floor we left the windows open while we were out to try and help cool the room (and save having the air conditioning on for long periods). However, when we returned late afternoon we found the windows had been shut.The restaurant/bar was fine, a limited evening menu but it had things we *wanted to eat* so it wasn't a problem, it's not a major chain and we didn't expect it to serve lots of different meals. We certainly had no complaint about the quality of food or quantity. We were a little surprised at how limited the bar was - I would have expected dry Martini to be available but all they had was Rosso (which actually turned out to be very refreshing).Our one biggest let down (and NEARLY spoilt the weekend) has nothing directly to do with the hotel itself but it is to do with the taxi firm that they obviously regularly use. We had booked to go and see The Mousetrap at the St Martin's Theatre, West Street, Cambridge Circus. On the way we got stuck behind a car that broke down at a set of lights. I guess because it was an attractive female he seemed more interested in trying to help her than get us to our destination. Despite me saying to the taxi driver TWICE the full name and address of the theatre, he took us to the Duke of York Theatre in St Martins Lane!He had to ask us how to spell both &quot;Cambridge&quot; and &quot;Circus&quot;, which his sat-nav couldn't find. In the end we had to get out and find out own way - but he still expected as to pay the £20! I flatly refused and walked away. I had my mobile so phoned the hotel to inform them immediately what had happened. The lady who took my call was very apologetic and said she would look into it.Thankfully, my wife had a pocket A-Z with her and with a combination of that and asking in another Theatre where St Martins was, we just made in time to collect our tickets for the show!But in spite of all of the above we were very happy with the hotel and would recommend it to others; we just would make sure we got a black cab to anywhere rather than a private hire one who seems to not know the basics of London.	
Apr 24 2008 	Glad I found this place !	London Lodge hotel was exactly what I needed after long days at the London Book Fair.A short bus ride or for that matter a nice walk to Earl's Court. Plenty of places to eat in the vicinity and a friendly staff when I arrived back at the hotel.Breakfast in the morning was a true convenience and the staff was absolutely delightful.I described the decor to a colleague as &quot;homey&quot; and indeed the carpet did need an update. However, the convenience, atmosphere and staff inspired me to book again immediately for next year; and that was instead of the Radisson in Mayfair.	
Apr 22 2008	Perfect location and nice hotel	Nice hotel, the furniture is a bit old but it's perfectly fine. It's also greatly located, 10 min on foot from the tube station.Compliments to the staff who is extremely friendly and helpful. However at the check out I was asked to pay stuff from the mini-bar although I did not touch it at all. After explanation of the situation to the staff, I did not pay it.	
Apr 17 2008	Geatest place in kensington	i stayed a week in the london lodge two years ago. Room was huge and spotless. the staff is friendly, always a nice little chat on breakfast. The location is great, not so far from the kensington's museums and park (science, V&amp;A, hyde park), and the earl court station is not so far too and very useful. I recommended this hotel to friends of mine who come to London this summer too.http://www.londres-london.net	
Mar 30 2008 	Great	10 minute walk from Earl's Court tube station so makes it accesible to all of London using the Tube, we bought 7 day oyster cards. Tesco about a 10 minute walk. Lots of restaurants and pubs close by. The staff was great.	
Mar 17 2008 	Not quite up to expectations	Following the glowing reports seen on trip adviser we booked three nights stay in early March 2008. It is therefore disappointing that we have to downgrade this hotel but can only comment as we found it. First of all the staff were very friendly and helpful making your stay appreciated. Our room number 11 was a twin. The size was not very big but the initial appearance seemed fine. Closer examination showed the carpet to be coming away from the wall and discoloured. The tiles on the bathroom floor were not in good condition neither was the wooden edge to the bath but the beds were comfortable. The room had a flat screen TV air/con, hair dryer, Internet connection, Mini bar, Trouser press, ceiling fan, tea and coffee facilities. The overall décor detail does not live up to their brochure claim of “Luxurious Facilities”. Could be other rooms did as we met people who go back on a regular basis.We retuned one day to find our bedroom door had not been closed after being serviced. I complained to two different people and both said they would look into the complaint but we were never offered an apology. Fortunately there must have been honest guests opposite or it could have been a completely different outcome.The breakfast was continental but only the minimum. Each day there was grapefruit segments, cereals, toast, croissants, fruit, yogurts, tea and coffee. Full English and other options were available at extra cost. We were not happy that when clearing the table for the next guest as any apparent unused cutlery is used to make up the table. Also the yogurts are left out all though the breakfast time (some hours) with no means of keeping them cool.The evening meal was OK and reasonably priced. There was too much salt in the sauce flavouring for our liking. There are plenty of places to eat in the area such as pubs, Indian, Chinese and many Italian.The hotel location is very good as it is in a quiet location yet still in zone 1 of the tube with the nearest station only about a 6 minute walk away.Overall we would not stay here again unless we knew we had a better room.	
Mar 9 2008 	What a nice stay!	I was in London for 4 days. This hotel is really ok. Nice room, very clean, professional and nice staff ( in particular way the manager I met at the arrival). The breakfast was very good. The location of the hotel was super, at 5 minuttes walk from tube station.A tourist from Naples	
Mar 1 2008 	Do not leave anything on the floor :)	The hotel is nice. It is only a 5 minutes walk from Earl's Court Station, where there are many restaurants. It is a very quiet hotel, no traffic noise. The room we had (nr. 11) was nicely decorated and clean. Warning: don't leave anything in a plastic bag on the floor for it will be thrown away. This happened to us. We had some clean underwear, socks and a hairbrush in a plastic bag and it was under the chair, not near the waist basket. The next day it was thrown away by houskeeping. When I reported this to the woman at the reception she was very friendly and tried to rescue it but the waist was already gone. She replied that we shouldn't leave anything on the floor. Since it was only underwear we didn't make much fuss about it. No compensation was offered. But now I discovered that my spare pare of glasses were also in the bag!!! I think housekeeping hadn't had her day for she also forgot to bring us towels that day.Nevertheless, we had a nice stay at the hotel. They serve english breakfast cooked to order. It was included in our rate. When not included they charge 12,95 pounds for english breakfast. In Earl's Court Road there are many restaurants who serve breakfast (english or continental)	
Jan 17 2008 	Fantastic London Bargain	What a fantastic hotel!Located in the heat of kensington, this hotel is about 10 minutes walk (with luggage) from the Kenisngton High Street tube station. Given this awesome location, we were amazed at the reasonable price, quality rooms and, most of all, the personal and lovely service. We really felt at home there. For anyone staying in London, I would very strongly recommend staying at the London Lodge Hotel.	
Dec 29 2007 	The last reviewer is nuts!	Enjoyed a one-night stay at the London Lodge Hotel in November. Single room was very nice--small but very quiet, with a nice ensuite bathroom. Check-in was effortless, as was checkout. Pleasant staff. Excellent breakfast, with a wide selection of cereals, fruit, eggs, toast, etc.--I can't imagine much more could be expected. I thought it was a tad pricey (am used to American rates), and the location was not central to the &quot;core&quot; of London, but otherwise a very nice place to stay. Would stay here again.	
Dec 15 2007 	A very average hotel	The hotel is very average with friendly staff. My room was a good size but the style is dated and the fittings tired. The hotel has seen better days as many of the carpet were worn out. The breakfast selection was old fashioned with a very low quality of offering (cheap jams, stale tea, boring cereals, a full breakfast that would have done Blackpool proud 20 years ago!). To be honest many hotels in London offer much better value.	
Nov 14 2007 	A little GEM	Stayed at the London Lodge on 12th November overnight for a planned trip to a concert at the Albert Hall.Booked the room as a result of the glowing reports and reviews on here and we were not let down.Check in was efficient and we were in our room only minutes after arriving at the front desk. Our room - number 12 - was on the front of the hotel. Although looking a little tired in respect of decoration it was extremely large and clean , and very comfortable.A good nights sleep was followed by a lovely breakfast and at all times the staff from the general manger Mandy , her assistant Lea and everyone we met were extremely helpful and pleasant - which is a welcome change from many hotels we have stayed at.If you book here you wont go wrong .	
Nov 8 2007 	Wonderful Stay	We had seen this property on trip advisor and ultimately booked it through our travel agent which helped us get two 7-day bus/underground passes included...saved us a bundle! When we checked in they apologized that we got the smallest room but promised to change us the next day. We left our bags packed per mgmt's request and hit the road the next morning to tour. When we returned in the evening we were still in the same room....apparently they had forgotten their promise? We talked to Nanda (sp?) desk person on duty and she was just plain nasty....made us feel like we made the whole thing up! We did get successfully changed the next day and things worked out fine. Honestly, even if we would have stayed in the smaller room everything would have been fine...we just didnt appreciate the attitude thrown at us when we never asked for a thing. The best thing was the manager she was just a delight to talk with ...so friendly and helpful once we met up with her. The location was great...hogwash about the long walk to earls court i mean come on what's 5 minutes!! The continental breakfast was so so but we didnt go there looking for that....there were plenty of other places to eat in the area. Net Net for the price...this place was simply great and I'd highly recommend to anyone...clean, safe, great location, great great manager and staff (except nanda)....	
Oct 24 2007 	Very Enjoyable Stay	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights while we were in London. When we got into town we went straight to the hotel even though it was before check in time because we had a lot of luggage to carry around. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and had us complete all the check in paperwork, stored our luggage and told us what our room number would be even though our room was not ready yet. When we got back to the hotel after check in time, they had moved our luggage into our room for us. This was very much appreciated!The room was about the size we expected and was clean. The shower was extremely small, but as with the room size, we did not expect much different for a London hotel in this price range. The TV did not work in our room, but we weren't there very much so we did not ask to have it fixed while we were there, we only left a note upon departure.We ate breakfast at the hotel 2 of the 4 mornings we were there (the other 2 mornings we had to leave the hotel before breakfast time) and it was very good. My husband especially enjoyed the scrambled eggs! The staff at breakfast was also very friendly and helpful. The location was also good. About a 10 minute walk from the Earl's Court Tube Station with various pubs, markets, etc. along the way that we frequented while we were there.Overall a great stay!	
Oct 23 2007 	Two very satisfied tourists	My friend and I stayed at the London Lodge Hotel for a week in late September, early October 2007 and we both loved it. The street it's on is charming and quiet, and reminded us of a set from My Fair Lady! From when we checked in, every member of the staff we encountered was kind and helpful. Since we were staying more than a few days it was good to be in a place run by a manager who clearly cares about her guests and is around to make sure everything is fine. I knew that single rooms in London are small with single beds, which ours were, but they were comfortable, attractive, clean, and quite adequate with fine beds and nice bathrooms. There was even a teddy bear waiting on the bed to keep you company during your stay! When we decided to switch rooms after the first night the staff did it for us with no problems at all. I decided I wanted the stand up shower while my friend preferred the bathtub. If you have a preference it's worth it to ask. The breakfast was good, and though we never had a chance to have dinner there, the menu looked worthwhile, and we liked knowing there was a restaurant for dinner if we needed it. On the mantelpiece in the lobby there are even books you can borrow. It seems they've thought of everything. I guess what I liked best was the friendly, personal touch.The hotel is off Earl's Court Road, and near the Kensington High Street, so there are plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby, but when we got back in the evening tired from touring, the nearest tube station at Earl's Court seemed a longer walk than in the morning. We did wish it had been a bit closer, but that's the only criticism we had. All in all, a lovely place.	
Oct 11 2007 	Excellent value for London	Stayed for two nights in early October. I'd read some good reviews and thought it was worth a try - my previous experience was the Comfort Inn, Earls Court. This place is MUCH better.Located between Earls Court and High St Kensington, this is a great place. Earls Court tube is a 7 minute walk and the pubs and restaurants are excellent. Really friendly staff, clean room (although it was just a single bed - guess I should have booked it as though there was 2 of us), quiet, good breakfast. All for 96 pounds a night.Highly recommended for value in a city that can cost you an arm and a leg for even ordinary rooms.	
Sep 15 2007 	Home away from home..	Great value, friendly and helpful staff, lovely rooms and quiet, peaceful atmosphere. We will definately make London Lodge, Earls Court our home away from home in London.Thanks Mandy!	
Sep 6 2007 	GREAT Hotel!!!	My husband &amp; I really liked this hotel. It is walking distance to Earl's Court station, so that made it easy to get around. We booked it because it had air conditioning, and we were afraid in late August we might have some warm weather. We were glad that we did. The A/C was nice and cool. The room was really nice, and the breakfast was well worth the extra booking price. We will stay here again when we return!!! LOVED the LARGE bathroom. For london, the rooms were huge. We booked a superior executive room &amp; loved it!!!	
Aug 15 2007 	Lived up to expectations	As previous reviews had persuaded us, this a pleasing hotel with well-appointed rooms, high standard bathrooms, and excellent value for the location. We particularly liked the fact that it was in a quiet residential street, one-step removed from tourist-ridden areas. The Kensington High Street with its shops are within reasonable walking distance and we particularly liked strolling along Lexham Gardens into Cornwall Gardens and using the Gloucester Road tube station instead of the one at Earls Court. On our return to the hotel in June we received a complimentary upgrade and would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good value and location	Chose this because it offers car parking (at £25 extra) in London.It's a bit old fashioned, but good value and staff were helpful and friendly. The car park is just outside the congestion charge, but the hotel is inside, so you need to plan your way around this if you arrive during congestion charge time.Bedroom was fine and clean.It's nothing special but represents good value at the rate I got, compared to more central locations in London. It's an easy getaway in the car if you are heading West.	
Jul 15 2007 	Nice stay in nice part of London	Only a few minutes walk from Earls Court tube station. Situated on a quiet road a few minutes walk from Hyde Park and Kensington High Street.Room was very clean and standard was high compared to similar priced hotels in London. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very good. Would stay again when visiting London.	
Jul 12 2007 	A real find	Finding a decent hotel in London is a lottery. Paying a premium doesn't guarantee a good experience. We were utterly charmed by London lodge. It wasn't cheap by NZ standards but it wasn't expensive by London standards. The hotel is elegant. Our room was nicely decorated, compact, but nice. Our bathroom was a good size if a tad tired. The hotel atmosphere was lovely. The staff were helpful and very pleasant. Breakfast was a social experience and the Manager and her staff made us feel at home by asking about our day and chatting about our plans. The location is excellent. We travelled on the Piccadilly line to just about everywhere we wanted to go and its a direct run to Heathrow. Our only criticism-. The map and directions we downloaded were unclear . You must get off at the Earls Court Rd end of the rail station and then turn left. If you get out at the other end you'll get lost. We won't hesitate to recommend this hotel to every kiwi heading to London. It was superb- an absolute find!	
Jun 20 2007 	A great place to stay.	I have just returned to Las Vegas from a 8 day stay in London. I was so happy to have found this place. It appears that it has rrecently been upgraded. I visit London every year and have found that nice places are just too expensive considering the Dollar to Pounds rate. This place is afforadable and very well managed. I liked my room, the bed, the bathroom (clean and lots of light.), and a plus, they had electrical outlets that allowed me to use my own razor. A shower with a lagre shower head, Nice.Location is very good. Walk 3 blocks to Earl's Court and take the Tube, District Line to the center of the city. 5-6 stops and you are at Westminster, Big Ben and all the rest. Or walk up to Kensington High Street (One of the great shopping streets in London) and take the Tube there. 2 stops and you are at Harrods.Mandy and her team do a great job. A friendly, affordable Hotel. Let me tell you that is not easy to find in London.This is where I wil stay in my next trip to London.Oh, yes, I loved starting the day having breakfast in the dining room before heading out for the day.	
Jun 18 2007 	Very nice place to stay.	My daughter, best friend and I stayed at the London Lodge for 3 nights in June 2007. We were on the 4th floor and unfortunately the lift was out of order when we arrived. The receptionist very kindly offered to carry one of our very large bags up and we handled the rest. Luckily the lift was soon fixed. Our room was fine, clean and of good size for the three of us. The bathroom was large and also clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful about arranging cabs and directions. The hotel was close to the Earl's Court tube station and some nice pubs to have a meal in.The full English breakfast each morning was very nice and kept us full for our days activities. I would recommend staying here and would stay again myself if I have the opportunity to travel to London again.	
Jun 13 2007 	What a wonderful hotel!	We really had a wonderful stay at this beautiful hotel on Memorial Day weekend 2007. Our room was very luxurious...especially for the low price we paid. The room was nicely decorated, clean with plenty pf space. The bathroom had all of the usual amenities and was spacious. I would recommend booking with the full breakfast. The breakfast is made to order, delicious with plenty of food. The hotel manager was in the dining room every morning of our stay serving and chatting with customers. The staff overall was very nice.This hotel was also very conveniently located a few blocks from the Earl's Court tube station and many nice restaurants, including a Starbucks (woo).	
Mar 1 2007 	Lovely stay such nice staff.	This is a great hotel. We stayed for two nights in February and got a great deal. Bed was extremely cosy and comfortable and the bathroom was amply large enough with a great shower. Everything was in the room that we wanted and it was clean and more importently for us very quiet and in a nice safe area. We had a small problem with the air conditioning unit, which was dealt with very quickly and efficiently by the staff, who were I must add very friendly and polite and professional. The Manager was especially nice and she took the time at breakfast to chat to all the guests, a very nice touch as sometimes we have found London Hotels to be very stuffy and impersonal. She was very apologetic for our slight problem and upgraded us to a larger room at no extra cost. Thank you! They even moved all our belongings for us while we were out.Breakfast was good and everything that various guests asked for was provided, Continental or English, or both if you wanted it!It was about 5 mins to the tube and a quick line to the city or the bus was even closer. Lots of places to eat and shops close by. Well worth the money, we will book again next trip. Thanks Lea and all your staff.	
Jan 29 2007 	Clean and simple at a reasonable price	I booked this hotel in order to visit a conference at Earl's Court, for which it is very convenient (5 minute walk to the Underground station, slightly more to the exhibition centre). Whilst I could raise some minor quibbles about the age of some of the appliances, overall this is a good hotel: clean, comfortable, and filled with helpful and friendly staff. Whilst not exactly cheap, I would certainly say that (relatively speaking) it represents good value for money- I have been booked into other hotels in and around London that charged a lot more and delivered a lot less!	
Dec 10 2006 	Convenient and comfortable	I just spent one night at the London Lodge with 3 teenage girls. The hotel is very handy to Earls Court tube station, and we found the staff very helpful and always pleasant. We had a lovely large twin room, plus a smaller twin room side by side. Everything was in good condition and clean. As mentioned in other reviews, Lea was great. We would recommend this hotel without reservation.	
Nov 25 2006 	Nice hotel friendly staff	I stayed at this hotel for a long weekend in April, after reading the many good reviews on tripadvisor. It lived up to the reviews! I booked a single room, which was your standard small London room, but it was clean and comfortable. The desk staff was very helpful and recommended a nice restaurant nearby. The location is in a nice neighborhood, that is a short walk to the V &amp; A museum and the science/natural history museums, and the Earl's Court metro. There are a lot of restaurants and internet cafes nearby. The free continental breakfast is decent, and you can get a good full breakfast for an additional fee.Definitely recommended.	
Nov 9 2006 	Loved the London Lodge hotel!	We enjoyed our stay at the London Lodge Hotel! Our room was absolutely beautiful and huge! Our bed was huge as well! We traveled to London from Paris, so this room was amazing (the decor, the colors, the bed, the bathroom) compared to what we had over in France. Everything was always clean and well made up when we returned later that day from sightseeing. The staff was amazing! We had a complimentary breakfast with our room and every morning both managers would be in the restaraunt making sure our stay was great. The only problems we had was a guy who worked at the front desk - he never seemed to understand what we needed or how to help us. All of the other staff was really helpful. Two days in a row when the maid was leaving she didn't pull shut our door all of the way which worried us, so we tried talking to this guy at the front desk and he just asked us what the problem was. I talked to Leah the next morning and sure enough it never happened again. The location was great - a nice little neighborhood and really really quiet. About a 7 minute walk to the Tube station at Earl's Court which was really convenient because we just took the Tube in from Heathrow and got off there. Not to mention they got our room ready really early so when we traveled in from Paris at around noon it was ready for us to dump our luggage so we could go out and sightsee right away.I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone going to London!	
Oct 28 2006 	Broad smiles	My family of 3 had a wonderful 1 week stay in this hotel. We love the room's decoration and hotel is located in a safe quiet area. The staffs were helpful, courteous and could offer great attention to details. We had ordered our 1st day of breakfast in the restaurant and subsequent days, Anetta (waitress) and Lea (restaurant manager) are able to offer what we need. My daughter 10 loves the hot chocolate drinks being offered and the English Breakfast is excellent.The hotel is situated near to Earl's court metro which we have benefited by traveling to area of attractions with ease. Overall, I am extremely happy and delighted to have chosen and live in this hotel for my family's very 1st unguided vacation in UK. My family left London with broad smiles on their face.	
Sep 29 2006	Lovely town house hotel	I had a lovely stay at London Lodge Hotel. The staff give great attention to detail, and really make you feel special. My room was just the right size, clean, comfortable and well maintained. The full english breakfast was also excellent. And the hotel's no-smoking policy is much appreciated. I would highly reccommend this hotel to anyone wanting a nice and quiet stay in London. Would definitely stay again!	
Sep 4 2006 	This is the best Hotel!	If you want clean, comfortable accommodation with friendly staff run by competent helpful managers - this is the one. My partner and I spent ten days at London Lodge Hotel last month and have nothing but praise for the Manager, Mandy and her staff. We were treated like family - everyone was helpful and pleasant and we very sorry to leave at the end of our stay. We couldn't have asked for better, more friendly service. We came directly from Australia and after such a long flight, it was wonderful to feel like you had come home. The location in a quiet street in Kensington, but close to Earls Court shops and Underground is perfect. I recommend that if you are travelling to London that you definitely check this one out. We'll be back.	
Aug 29 2006 	dissapointed	We were rather disappointed with London Lodge.As mentioned by another TripAdvisor traveller earlier, we were also offered an upgrade room with the Jacuzzi but it wasn’t working. Besides the bath needed a good clean. There were lots of hair in the hole and the jet portals were filthy. The toiletries were those cheapy pouches you get in youth hostels.The room was supposedly completely refurbished, but only the bathroom was, not the bedroom. This bedroom needs some work, and some cleaning would do as a start. The carpets are dirty, the bed covers are unattractive and the sheets have holes and stains (so have the towels) . There are no tea/coffee facilities but there is a fridge in the hall way so you can add your stuff .The main asset of this hotel is the location . Kensington is great really. and quiet.Breakfast was very good. Parking is rather close (expensive though).The staff is great, the manager is friendly but honestly I wouldn’t mind a little bit less of talking and a bit more of cleaning.	
Aug 19 2006 	A Very Lovely Stay	Thanks to the many positive reviews on TripAdvisor, we reserved a room for 7 nights in early August for our family of four: two adults, and two daughters ages 14 and 11. The London Lodge was exactly as advertised: small, attractive, very well maintained by a friendly staff, and very accessible to the tube for exploring London.We arrived into Gatwick on a Sunday morning, and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria station, and then the tube to the Earl's Court station (I strongly suggest buying a Travelcard if you plan to travel around town--you'll save a lot). The hotel is an easy walk through Earl's Court from the tube station past many shops and restaurants, but it's on a very quiet street. You can also go from the Glouster Street station, which is a slightly longer walk but passes a large grocery store. And you can use the Kensington High Street tube station, which is even further away, but is the nicest walk of the three through a beautiful neighborhood.We got a triple room with a double, a single and an extra cot, which worked out well. There was still enough room for two to sit at the small table and read or play cards, and the bathroom was plenty large enough with a strong shower. The frig was great for storing drinks and leftovers.We opted for the full English breakfast as part of the package, and it was a wise choice. The breakfasts were huge and delicious and lasted us well into each day. The virtually unlimited toast with jam and tea was a welcome touch.I didn't bring my laptop, which turned out to be wise given the carry-on restrictions. So I was reliant on internet cafes for email access. Fortunately, there are several in Earl's Court that were large and very inexpensive. Mandy and Lea were wonderful hosts and very attentive. We enjoyed chatting with Mandy each morning at breakfast and sharing our travel stories from the day before. We didn't meet any other U.S. guests, which added to the adventure of the trip and gave us a chance to talk with other guests from around the world. If you're looking for a lovely, quiet hotel at a reasonable price, London Lodge is a great choice.	
Aug 17 2006	Nice!	This hotel was cute. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was adorable! Make sure you get directions to the hotel or it may be hard to find on foot.	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Find in London	First, my thanks to the previous travelers who took the time to post reviews of the London Lodge--I booked based on the stream of favorable comments and am glad that I trusted you. I stayed four nights in late July and was delighted to find a good hotel for grownups at a decent price in London. My single room was lovely, comfortable, clean, well-kept, and quiet. My one request of the staff was addressed promptly (a tea set up arrived immediately), and I appreciated that Mandy stopped by my table at breakfast to inquire about my room and my comfort. I certainly appreciated the mini-fridge in the room, as it enabled me to shop at a regular grocery store and &quot;graze&quot; for dinner so that I didn't have to go back out after 10 hours on my feet walking and visiting museums. And as I arrived at the end of the heat wave, the air conditioning was a blessing!All in all, it was perfect for my mini-vacation in London en route to the more extensive trip with my partner. I would definitely return, and have already recommended it to people whose friendship I value.	
Aug 9 2006	Fine for what it is but why the raves?	After reading all the rave reviews on Trip Advisor, I booked a two night stay for my son and myself. I was looking for value as the london portion of our stay came at the end of nearly three weeks in England. The hotel is on a lovely street in Kensington (almost South Kensington) and we were greeted by a very friendly staff. Our room was a decent size with a desk, and extra chair and plenty of room for two large suitcases. The twin beds were smaller than average and very boing-y. My son fell out of bed the first night (he's 10 and stopped doing that when he was 3!) since he was unused to such a narrow bed. We were told that we were being given an upgrade to a room with a jacuzzi, which my son was very excited about), but the jacuzzi didn't work and the jet portals were very unattractively rusted. We asked to have the jacuzzi repaired, but it was not. The room had air-conditioning, which was wonderful during this very hot July. The breakfast -- a continental breakfast -- was included. The crossants were the flabby packaged kind, but the toast was fine. There was cereal and juice available as well, and you could pay the difference for an English breakfast if you were so inclined. They have Wi-Fi service, and they honestly informed me that the 24 hour period that I purchased for 5 pounds was for 24 hours of usage, not one's stay. Having spent a lot of time in London with my husband while he was on business, I had gotten used to the Mayfair locations of the 5 star hotels he generally stays in. Kensington felt remote, and though there were busses and subways nearby, we always felt as if we were traveling. It wasn't possible to pop back to the hotel during the day to take a break. Everything in England is hideously expensive for Americans right now, and expect to pay lots and lots for very basic food and transportation. The taxis are prohibitive, The London Lodge Hotel is just fine, but don't expect anything terribly special.	
Jul 28 2006 	London Lodge was Great!	My three friends and I spent two nights at the London Lodge in May,06 in two twin rooms. We chose it after reading the positive reviews on TripAdvisor from past guests. It is located on a quiet street with several other well kept Vitorian homes. We were in walking distance to the Victoria and Albert Museum and about 15 minutes from Harrods. I was surprised to find out how expensive everything was in London especially the restaurants. Yikes!Mandy, Lea and the rest of the staff could not have been more accomodating. We were made to feel very welcome. Everyone seemed more than happy to help us plan our time in London and search for interesting Side Tours. Even our Cabbie was full of great tips. The Lobby and breakfast rooms were attractively furnished. The bedrooms were well appointed and more spacious than I expected. I was very pleased to see the mini fridge in the room as they always come in handy. There was so much we didn't have a chance to do in London that we plan to come back again and spend at least a week.We would definitely stay here again and as a Travel Agent I will definitely reccomend it to my clients.Thanks for everything Mandy	
Jul 21 2006	A Great Little Hotel!	The London Lodge Hotel was an absolutely charming little hotel. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The breakfast was always a fun way to start the day. Our room was spacious and charming and comfortable - especially the bed, which isn't always the case in hotels. The rooms have air conditioning, which was helpful since London was quite hot that week. The location is fairly convenient, and considering it's just a short walk off a busy street (Earl's Court), it was extremely quiet!!! The neighborhood was also quiet, and you really felt a part of the area, since the hotel is in a residential street. It's about a 5-7 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station, which was always easy. The shower was fabulous!! We didn't expect that kind of water pressure in a hotel shower. The manager (Mandy) is super friendly and helpful, and greets her guests by name. I can't think of a better place to catch English &quot;country&quot; charm in the middle of the big City!	
Jul 13 2006	Good people	Excellent service, kind managers--Mandy was quite nice. We didn't actually get to stay here because our room was double booked by mistake. However, Mandy put us up in a double deluxe room at a 4-star place right down the street, which ended up being fantastic. She was very apologetic and nice about the whole situation and we thought she should get credit for that. They went beyond what was necessary to rectify the situation.	
Jul 10 2006	Worth it	What a sight for sore eyes after being in a hotel around the corner two years ago. Most importantly we felt like we had enough room and didn't have to do the &quot;Curly shuffle&quot; to move about. The staff is great -- always willing to help.Problem with room: bed was hard as rock. I used one of the blankets underneath me. It made a huge difference. The tub is pretty narrow, so the shower curtain sticks to you as you use it. There were some short warm and cold bursts during showers, both morning and evening. We heard people above us with heavy feet at various late and morning hours (be nice and walk on your toes) as well someone with a loud tv. Wireless internet access works, but you do have to pay per hour for it. There's several plans. The elevator or lift did break a couple of times, but within a day or two it was running again. The air conditioner worked and during breakfast a manager asked if everything (such as ac) was ok. Unfortunately, we had to run it as it was hot and there was no air movement on the road the hotel is on. It's in a good location near Earl's Court Underground. Overall pleasant stay and would definitely go back again.	
Jul 7 2006	Wonderful small hotel!	My son and I really enjoyed our 6-night stay in London at London Lodge Hotel. While on the smaller side (as most European hotels are), our room was clean and comfortable, with air conditioning (very important for the London heat wave we were in the midst of). Wireless internet is available for small fee, and we had a full English breakfast included in our rate. The manager, Lea, was very helpful with all of our questions, and arranged trasportation for us to and from Heathrow. Very close to the Earl's Court tube station, and some good restaurants surround it. We'll be back!	
May 15 2006	lovely small hotel		
Mar 22 2006	What a fantastic Hotel		
Mar 21 2006	Pleasant Little Hotel		
Feb 20 2006	Loved the special surprise for Valentine		
Sep 10 2005	Couldnt believe it for the money		
Aug 19 2005	Wonderful hotel!		
Apr 29 2005	cosy hotel		
May 7 2004	big big breakfast		
Feb 23 2004	A Great Place to Stay in London!		
Aug 23 2003	unbelievably BAD		
Sep 7 2009 	Ottimo !		
Aug 29 2009 	Gutes Hotel - Schöner Urlaub		
Aug 23 2009 	Accogliente e pulito zona tranquilla e personale molto gentile		
Jul 16 2009 	Un posto dove star bene aLondra		
Jun 3 2009 	El hostal perfecto para turistas jovenes		
Jan 8 2009 	delizioso.		
Dec 3 2008 	Une très bonne adresse à Londres!		
Oct 2 2008	Wir kommen wieder		
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent séjour !		
Jun 16 2008 	Nett aber durchschnittlich		
Mar 3 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Sep 25 2007 	Petit hôtel propreau calme		
Jun 26 2006	Nettes kleines Hotel in ruhiger Lage.		
