	Excellent Hotel in a great location	After much research I chose to stay at the K&amp;K while in London on business and sightseeing and I was not disappointed. The location is roughly 150 yards from the Earl's Court tube station. I relied heavily on mass transportation on this trip. The ExCel convention center is a bit of a trip and takes a little over an hour to reach but the South Kensington area is so much nice than the area around ExCel. I also used the train system for a number of trips to meet with clients. The connections into Victoria and several other stations were all very easy from the Earl's Court tube station.It is quiet. The hotel is a block off the main drag. In addition, you can get a room that overlooks a courtyard. There was minimal noise from the city or from within the hotel.The room was small (typical for Europe) but well designed. The internet was free (although they do not have wifi to all rooms so you may need to connect via cable).The bed was comfortable and the bedding new.The bath is well designed with plenty of light.The staff was very attentive. We were on their case early as a package had not arrived as scheduled. They dealt with our concerns professionally and notified us promptly when it arrived. When they learned that we were also scheduled to stay at a sister hotel in Paris they phoned ahead, confirming our reservation and ensuring that we were well cared for. A class act!I really enjoy the hotel location. There are a wide range of restaurants just a few feet from the hotel. We did not use the restaurant at the hotel but it looked clean and was very active in the mornings.I will stay at this at the Hotel George again.	
Nov 15 2009 	Stylish and comfortable	We booked this as a package with airfare via Virgin Atlantic. Location is excellent - one street back from busy Earls Court Rd., tube station close by - and amenities (free Internet, small but stylish room) were just right. Caters to business travelers, strong German influence, great buffet breakfast. Very affordable as a package deal.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great breakfast nice rooms very well located	We spent 4 nights in this hotel, together with our friends. We think it was expensive, but well worth the money we paid.We were always early for breakfast, which was ideal. Not to crowded, very good service, very friendly. Also our welcome by the reception was good. Only less friendly guy was the barkeeper.Rooms were very nice, bathroom was functional with great walk-in shower, all very modern and in good condition. Beds were good.Television was OK, but no limit to the volume which we experienced when our neighbours felt like watching TV until 1:30 AM! Only night we had trouble sleeping.Hotel George is ideally located. Very quiet in the evening and morning, and still very close to Earls Court Underground.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very pleasant stay	Ideal location. Tube just round corner. In walking distance to V &amp; A, Natural History museum etc. Breakfast really good, overlooking a lovely garden. Wouldn't recommend the bar food but there are plenty of eating places close by. Rooms were very clean. Although bathroom is very small it has everything you need. Strangely low toilet though, seems to be at child height. Would definitely stay here again as so handy for travel and so clean. Only decaf in my room though...for 4 days, but hey, I could have asked.	
Nov 8 2009 	Hotel Great Welcome not so Great	We have just returned from a two night stay to attend an event at Earls Court. Unfortunately we had a disappointing first impression as we actually didn’t feel welcome. I excitedly handed over my booking reference to reception but she immediately dismissed it and asked me for my name instead in a very demanding manner. I instantly felt unwelcome and my excitement diminished. I gave her my name and she processed our booking, again, in a very mechanical, unfriendly manner. She wasn’t rude as such but she wasn’t welcoming either. We were in a family room which met our needs completely and we didn’t have an issue with space at all. The wardrobe had plenty hangers and the safe was handy and easy to use. The bed was huge and very comfortable. We did have to request extra pillows as we were provided with just one each and there was not an additional one in the wardrobe as stated. The extra pillows were on our beds for our return that evening. We had two very peaceful nights although we could hear the man next door breaking wind in the morning which was a bit off putting!The bathroom is small but has everything you need and was very well equipped. There was ample surface space for toiletry bags including a handy shelf under the sink. They even had a pull out washing line to help dry off your towels. The shower was lovely, great pressure, heat and ample space although there didn’t appear to be an expelair which was strange.We experienced no problem with housekeeping, the room was spotless and the staff very friendly.Breakfast incurred a slight wait for a table but the service and choice were fine. The only slight gripe I would have is that we had to ask for tea/coffee to be served and even then it took a while. The problem seems to be that the servers also have to clear the tables, they are so busy trying to keep the queues down that they don’t have time to keep up with tea/coffee serving. It would be more efficient to have staff assigned to each of these tasks as we have experienced in America.Location is fantastic especially if attending Earl’s Court as we were, with ample choice of eateries. We ate at Zizzi (Italian) which I would highly recommend and is just on the next street to the hotel.For me the TV was fine but my 14 year old was disappointed with the channel choice and the fuzzy screen for some channels.Checking out was slow and frustrating due to the fact the receptionist answered the telephone whilst dealing with us and was held up for some while, however she apologised and proceeded with our checking out.All in all the hotel is fine but I just couldn’t get that first unwelcome impression out of my head and for that reason I would not stay here again, which is a shame.	
Nov 4 2009 	Champagne breakfast marks this out	Following an efficient welcome from reception staff we went to our small yet adequate room. It was clean with free wifi and mini-bar. The public areas were well decorated and the car park was clean. The buffet breakfast was as you would expect with the addition of a bottle of bubbly should you wish which was a nice touch.	
Oct 31 2009 	Okay but nothing special	I stayed here for one night with my mother as it was closer to where we usually stay to where we needed to be that night and we were quite taken in by the champagne breakfast.We stayed in an executive room which was small but quite nicely layed out with a nice desk area near the window overlooking the garden. The beds were comfortable and we had no trouble with exterior noise (apart from a man snoring in the room next door but I suppose that is unavoidable!). Also nice to see so many global TV stations on the TV.Sadly the reason why we chose this hotel, the champagne breakfast, didn't quite live up to expectations. The breakfast room is far too small and there was a large queue for breakfast. Whilst there was quite a large selection of food to choose from, most of it wasn't covered up and so the croissants and some meats were cold. I also couldn't help thinking that with all the people reaching across the buffet table that hairs etc. would easily fall into the yoghurt and cereals below.The staff were quite friendly and helpful. I might stay here again if they have a deal on.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location comfortable hotel quiet	Very quiet location in lovely neighborhood but only 1 block from restaurants and shops and underground station. Room small, but adequate and quiet. We had a bath with no shower, but our friends had both. Breakfast room much too small - there was always a line to get in. Breakfast was copious and excellent (buffet).	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice well located hotel perfect for a city trip	We were in this hotel with our teenage daughter. It is perfectly located in Kensington near Earls Court tube station. The rooms are small but very sensibly equipped. You get what you pay for. Nice bar. The receptionist service is average friendly but helpful.	
Oct 25 2009 	Excellent hotel	I have just returned from a one night stay at the K&amp;K. We were at the Chelsea game and wanted to stay over. I booked this hotel with Airmiles and paid aprox £114 pounds for a double room with buffet breakfast.We arrived at 12 md and just wanted to leave the bags-not expecting to get into the room but were pleasantly surprised to be able to. The reception staff were polite, helpful and attentive.The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Earls Ct tube and in a quite back street. The recpetion and bar were very clean and very smart and the overall feel was relaxed but high on service. There was complimetary tea and coffee in reception. The hotel was fully booked. Internet use is free and there were several stations dotted around. The room was small but very well laid out with tea/coffee, safe and mini bar. The bathroom was again small but spotless and new. There was an excellent walk in shower and plenty of toiletries and for once decent sized towels.The bed was comfortable and you could open the windows. our room faced the beautiful garden which really is a rarity in London.we had a few drinks from the bar and these were typical hotel prices but served with some care. The buffet breakfast was excellent and offered all you could want. All the staff were great.Position wise this hotel is very good. there are many restaurants within a minute. Lots of chains like masarla zone and waggamama and many independants from Japanese to lebanese. There are also many pubs and bars.We have stayed at many of the hotels in Chelsea and think this one really was better for value and convenience. Will definitely be going back.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights in Sept. The front desk and restaurant personnel were all very friendly and willing to answer questions. We had a standard room with a queen bed. The room and bathroom were very small, however, both were extremely clean. Good water pressure in the shower. It was quite, not a lot of noise in the hall. Breakfast buffet was included in our room price. The buffet was very good. Lots of choices and wll stocked. We were very glad we picked this hotel and definitely stay here again. It is close to the Earl's Court tube station. There are many very good restaurants in walking distance to the hotel. There are 4 computers with high speed internet in basement and 1 on the main level. All are free of charge. The only downside to me was the bed. It was not comfortable for me, however, my husband had no complaints. They restocked the bathroom amenities every day.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location and value.	We stayed for one week for sightseeing to the usual tourist places. Located near the Earl's Court tube station made getting to and from Heathrow very convenient and all other city trips were quite convenient as well.The room was small but well organized. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Staff and guests had a very European feel. Breakfast was great. The hotel got busier as the week progressed and so service suffered a bit. I would stay there again. Not only free high speed internet but several computers to use at no cost.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Value For London	I stayed here on a Saturday night last October with my girlfriend and Mum. I picked it for a few reasons and wasn't disappointed with the results.We were able to get three in a room for only a bit more than the cost of two. They offered off-street parking at reasonable rates - tough to find in London. And even though we parked for more than 24 hours - since went to the museums until mid-afternoon on Sunday - they only charged us for one day and didn't quibble (which I thought was pretty fair of them).The hotel is just around the corner from the Earls Court Tube, which made it easy to get to the Victoria Theatre (Billy Elliot). Room was very clean and comfortable but a little cramped (calling it a &quot;suite&quot; was a bit of a stretch). Then again what do you expect for London and not paying top dollar. And anyway this shouldn't be an issue unless you plan to live here for an extended period of time.The place has a very european feel to it with respect to furnishings and other residents. The front desk were helpful and efficient and the breakfast buffet was worth getting as part of the price for the room. We had a couple of bottles of wine in the bar after the show on Saturday and the service was fine.I don't think you can do much better at this price range for a good quality hotel within a 5 minute tube ride from Victoria.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very Poor for the price	Was very excited about booking this hotel but it was a complete let down. The experience was bad from the time I entered the hotel. Nobody offered to take the huge suitacases I had, the guy at the reception did not know how to connect to the internet and the room was extremely small. I havent seen a hotel corridor that is as small as the one at KK. The size of the bathroom is comparable to the ones on a local train, I must say. I had booked the place for 4 nights but checked out after 1 night. The lady was extremely pleasant and helpful while I was checking out and understood our issues. That was the only good part of the stay. Do not stay at this hotel when u can stay at a Hilton for £20 cheaper per day. Will always go for a big brand from now on.. i have learnt my lesson.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great little spot at a reasonable price	We spent 8 days here as the base for our London Family vacation. Its in a interesting neighborhood with easy access to the underground and within walking distance to Kennsington Street and more upscale Chelsea establishments. Rooms were comfy and the breakfast was great. As part of a British Airways special it was a great deal. We loved the garden.	
Oct 11 2009 	Cozy place in big city	Hotel was clean and cozy. Staff was very friendly. Location was very convenient with a tube station very close.	
Oct 10 2009 	Modern hotel great breakfast	My husband and I stayed at the London K&amp;K for a long weekend. Breakfast buffet was great. Location of hotel is close to Earls Court station (around the corner). Clean rooms, comfortable bed, pilows. Not many dinner/restaurant choices in the neighborhood but given proximity to trains, this is not a problem. Internet/computers available in lobby and in basement level. Nice and friendly staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel!	This was a wonderful little hotel in London. It is very close to a tube station, so travel within the city was quite easy, although if you prefer walking everywhere, this might not be the best location for you. The room was small, but not horribly so, and it was quite clean and bright. The bathroom wasn't large, but it was also quite nice and modern. Because I was looking to do London on a budget, but still have nice amenities, I really appreciated the free internet and free buffet breakfast (not sure if the breakfast is always included, or just with the deal we booked). The breakfast was really fantastic, full English breakfast, including fruits and juices. There is no question I would stay here again on my next trip to London.	
Oct 7 2009 	Top-notch	At the K&amp;K Hotel George, everything from the exterior façade to the bedroom furnishings to the bathroom fixtures is gleaming, well polished, and impeccably maintained – not a scuff mark or stain in sight. Service is similarly polished and professional – check-in, check-out, and luggage storage were all fast and pleasant, and whenever I turned in my room key at reception prior to leaving the hotel, I was met with a smile and a thank-you. The garden is tranquil and lovely, the buffet breakfast bountiful and delicious, the room utterly clean and comfortable – there was not a single thing I could find fault with at this top-caliber hotel. I had reserved a single room, but was upgraded to a twin room. As requested, I was given an upper-floor room facing the garden, so I had a lovely view and no street noise. I also wasn’t bothered by any noise from neighboring rooms or the hallway. The room was quite spacious, with excellent amenities including flat-screen TV, fast and reliable Ethernet connection, large safe, mini-fridge, tea/coffee maker, and wonderfully comfortable bed. The bathroom was tiny, but everything functioned extremely well and was spic and span.Taking the Tube from Heathrow to the hotel is very easy, since Earl’s Court station has step-free access to/from the Piccadilly Line. I only stayed at the hotel for two days, and enjoyed being in this area of west London during that time. For longer stays, I’d find staying at this hotel a bit limiting, as I enjoy spending time in Islington, the City and the East End, and it’s a bit of a hike to those places from Earl’s Court.	
Oct 6 2009 	I can recommend it- but it's highly overrated at Tripadvisor	I stayed for a week in this hotel after reading the wonderfull reviews on this site. I agree with many things but I think the experiences also depend on the roomtype. I would like to add some comments based on my stay in the standard double room:- the room is very small, the bathroom tiny- the double bed is very small as well- there is only 1 chair at the desk, no other place (nor space) to sit except for the bed- no iron in room- after the 4 teabags were finished they were not replaced. The forth day I had to ask the reception for a refill. The same for the laundry bags and shoepolish.- the staff was generally nice. The blond lady at the frontdesk was not very professional sneering at her younger colleagues in front of customers- I had to ask 3 times to open the door to the sauna. They told me I had access with the roomkey, which is not true. They could have told me in the first place.- breakfast is good and managed efficiently- another + when staying for business is the internet-access in the room- the room at the gardenside are quiet and there are many restaurants/supermarkets around the corner. The metro is also on a 2 minutes walk-the corridors and doors on the 4th floor were I stayed looked worn out. I didn't check out the other floors, but it looks much older than you might expect from looking at the website. I stayed in other hotels in this area which are much better value for money. For example the NH or the Hilton. They are about the same price but have larger rooms which are better equipped. I can recommend this hotel if you are not too picky and not staying for too long. It is clean and ok, but isn't that what you can expect for about 160 Euro a night?	
Oct 6 2009 	Starting Place Hotel	Great central location near Earls Court Station, walking distance to Harrods. Small room but comfortable and great breakfast.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very high quality hotel but no London charm	My husband and I stayed here for a brief honeymoon in London. I spent ages on Trip Advisor searching for high quality hotels and this was rated very highly. I was a little disappointed that the rooms were so impersonal, very corporate with no charm at all. In every other way this hotel was very good - the room was spacious, the bed was huge, the shower was great and the breakfast was lovely, although they ran out of all their hot food by 10.30 on the last day. The staff were very friendly and they left a small bottle of champagne and flower petals on the bed on the day we arrived. Its about a minute away from the tube station which was important to us. I would stay there again and would recommend it to others, but would not recommend it for a honeymoon or romantic getaway.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent find of a hotel!	I have stayed at this hotel on two occasions and will return. The hotel is very clean and has just been renovated. Location is also good with Earls Court tube station within approximately 4 minutes walking distance. Breakfast was very good, Buffet style. A gem of a hotel which is worth a visit.	
Sep 22 2009 	Superb Location and Service	I'm always nervous of booking hotels in Earls Court as they tend to be a lot different in reality to what is advertised on a website. NOT so the K&amp;K hotel. from the moment I picked up the phone to speak with the hotel to the moment we all left the staff could not have been better.The hotel is in a great location around 5 minutes from the earls Court Tube. It has a spacious lobby/bar area where each morning coffee and water are available on a complimentary basis. It also has free WiFi which is a must in this day an age. However if you are on vacation and don't have your laptop or Blackberry then there are five terminals that you can use.The breakfast buffet is well stocked and more than sufficed for our needs. For any smokers there is a small terrace and ample gardens out the back where you can have a tug on the weed and for non smokers the garden patio provides a wonderful resting place from the noise of London.We had a triple room which was very well priced. The room was comfortable, a touch on the small side but clean and a decent size bathroom.Overall, this place is a find! Clean, good value and a good location. Book it now!	
Sep 22 2009 	So tranquil we had to keep pinching ourselves to remind us we were in London	My partner and I stayed here for a long weekend in September, a birthday treat for him, so I paid much more than I normally would to stay somewhere a bit special and we definately were not dissappointed.The room was quite spacious and had french doors which led onto a lovely garden, unfortunately during our stay we could not access the garden from our room as there were repairs being carried out on the wrought iron steps.The bathroom was quite small but the walk in shower was fabulous.The breakfast which was included in our room rate was great, there was so much choice, including champagne, we didnt eat until after 10.00 am both mornings as it was too busy earlier than this, but it was still well stocked.We were extremely lucky with the weather for late september and took full advantage of sitting in the lovely garden for a while each day, it was very peaceful which was an added bonus and definately enhanced our stay here.The location of the hotel is great, very close to earls court station and only about 6 stops on the picadilly line from central london, but in a quiet residential street.Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Highly Recommended	My husband &amp; I stayed for one delightful night at the K+K George Hotel. The staff were very helpful. The location is great, just a short walk from Earls Court Tube Station. The room was very comfortable overlooking the garden, and the cleanliness was first class. There was a well stocked buffet breakfast, which other hotels did not seem to provide. We would definately stay here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Can't recommend	Good• Location – close to a useful tube stop but not a great one (Earl’s Court) which has elevators to all lines (Circle, District, Picadilly). Numerous convenience stores nearby.• Lobby computer was almost always free, and there are 4 more 1 floor down, each with its own printer. Plus they have some Microsoft software loaded.• Shower roomy enough, water was plentiful, and the Grohe fixtures were nice.• Room, hotel overall, exterior area were quiet.• No charge for incoming fax. And reasonably priced calling from the room.• Good blackberry reception.• In room safe was good size and worked well and easily.• TV is a nice (not large) flat screen with numerous channels including in French, Spanish, Italian, German, and Japanese, but not a great selection. And from turn on to start up takes an eternity.• Elevators are small but quick.• Shoe horns are strong, larger than normal.Not• Buffet breakfast looks great in the pictures but isn’t. Bacon is undercooked and salty. Eggs are runny. Fruit selection is limited. Breads are ordinary (sliced bread from a package) or too sweet. Plus it’s 14 Pounds per person per day …• Housekeeping. Didn’t vacuum effectively during our stay (9 days). Never were sure if towels or glasses were replaced with clean ones. Didn’t always restock the coffee/tea set with consumables. Didn’t replace used shoe wipe I left on the desk for 3 days.• Tiny tiny rooms. An executive King barely had enough room to turn around in.• Slow arrival of hot water in the sink. It’s hard to imagine but when I went to shave in the morning, it took 4-5 minutes (not an exaggeration) to get hot water out of the sink.• Poor lighting in the room. Desk lamp was a joke for working.• Not much place to sit in the room. There was a bed, a desk with chair, one more chair and a small table. No sofa. Bed was very low so didn’t serve as another seating surface.• Closet/drawer space was efficiently organized but very limited.• Reception personnel were quite mechanical.Overall just doesn't measure up to comparable stays in UK or the continent. Not up to its ratings.	
Sep 1 2009 	Just Terrific	We were just there for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay!!!The location is FABULOUS. It's around the corner from Earl's Court tube station on an extremely residential side street (but not scary and deserted -- just not loud and busy) and there were grocery stores and eateries galore. We had a perfect check-in and the room was ready when we got there at 11am. I did witness some others that were not so lucky, as the hotel was oversold. The manager was dealing with a couple who for 1 night needed to go to another hotel, but she welcomed them for breakfast and made their transition very painless. I was happy with the way she handled the situation....Just beware, they do not have doormen or accessible doorways. You need to go up several steps to get to the front door.As far as the room goes:It slept three of us very comfortable. 2 adults and 1 - 7 yr old child. The bathroom was really modern but so small the only way 2 of us could be in there at the same time would be to have one in the shower and the other by the sink. We made it work though.The beds were comfortable and the duvets snugly....Breakfast was tolerable. Cereals, croissants, eggs and sausages. We did need to repeatedly ask for coffee refills, but otherwise it was decently stocked if you go there before 10am.The internet was free. The only issue I had was the rude Spaniard kids that insisted on sitting there for hours playing games while we waited for a free computer. No parental supervision and management was busy. I feel this should be addressed by the hotel....Make sure to get a room that overlooks the beautiful gardens. It was a terrific view. Our stay was great and I'll be referring this hotel to a lot of my clients. I wish I could say the same for the Paris leg of our trip....Happy travels!!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Continues to be wonderful	We have been staying here over a number of years when visiting London and it continues to be our choice - can't be beat for the price, location, and service. As per other comments the rooms are spotless, well appointed (fridge, safe, open windows), free internet in the rooms, terrific breakfast, beautiful large garden (a real treat in London) where you can bring a coffee or a bottle of wine and read and enjoy the outdoors. Close to Earls Court tube (3 minutes), good restaurants (try The Little French Restaurant - 5 min walk), safe area, grocery stores, wine store, bank, laundromat, pharmacies, all within 5 min walk.Ask for a room facing the garden for the quietest space - some construction across the street ongoing - can be annoying if you are sleeping in.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fabulous Boutique Hotel with everything! Location Service Value and a champagne breakfast!!	I searched all of London for the best value, best location (very close to the Earl's Court Subway station), and the best hotel. The K&amp;K George is an absolute hidden gem. It has everything the savvy traveller could want. The rooms are modern, clean, well appointed, and the price is one of the best values ever. The staff is superb, and the champagne, full English Breakfast Buffet is out of this world! I am a flight attendant and have stayed in hundreds of hotels and this is my pick for the City of London. The hotel is located in a beautiful neighborhood and you must eat at the most fabulous restaurant we have found in all of Europe: Benito Bistro! This Italian treasure of a restaurant is just a couple of blocks away from the hotel and you will enjoy one of the best meals anywhere! The owner is Benito and his son and family treat you to a rare experience-fabulous food, superb service, unbelievable value, and the nicest family you will meet! Enjoy!	
Aug 22 2009 	clean nice location	We found the hotel to be very clean. The breakfast was similar to other buffets, but well stocked with something for everyone. Location was great. This hotel is very modern ( my wife would have prefered something with a little more old world feel). Overall, a very pleasant stay. We also appreciated the free internet lounge.	
Aug 21 2009 	Overall good but...	We stayed at the K+K in London the past week. We were a party of four (husband, wife and two kids (11 and 18)). Based on other reviews, we agree that hotel location is very good. South Ken is a relatively quiet residential area and very safe. The hotel is very clean and the staff is very responsive. Access to the Tube is excellent (two minute walk). Bkfast buffet is also a great way to start the day. K+K does this well although for some reason the scambled eggs are were done in a strange way with some kind of sauce added. Overall, a good hotel (a three star).Now the mixed part. The rooms are small. We knew that and had no trouble with that. However, from our room you could hear your neighbors from the above floor walking on the floor at night and even more so, in the room next to us you could hear thumping on our wall next to our bed head board. We surmized the thumping was related to amorous neighbors. The first night we could live with it...but the second and third were no fun.The K+K is essentially a gut-rehabbed series of townhouses that that have been converted into a hotel. Nice exterior, but some of the old bones of the builiding have been used and in the process of conversion to hotel living spaces, some of it works well and some of it does not. Good value for the money, but not a four star. The staff tries hard and is very efficeient, but are from outside of London and have no real local knowledge.	
Aug 9 2009 	Why stay anywhere else?	My children and I stayed at the K&amp;K Hotel George for seven nights. I am very fussy about where I stay and researched hotels for months before deciding on the K&amp;K Hotel George. The room was spotless, and the beds were extremely comfortable. We stayed in a triple room which was adequate in size as was the bathrooom. There was a safe in the room and a mini fridge which can be used for anything you need to keep cold. I just removed some of the items from the fridge and set them aside. The clerk at the desk said this was fine to do. I then replaced the items later. Internet use is free! We had the full English breakfast included with the price of the room. It was fantastic! There was something for everyone- fresh and dried fruit, bacon, cold cuts, salmon, pastries, eggs, cereal , juices, breads, mushrooms, beans, granola, yogurt, tea, coffee and champagne! They even had soy milk for my daughter. The breakfast was enough to last us until dinner. Each morning there was a selection of teas in the lobby and a bowl of fresh apples at the reception desk for guests to sample throughout the day. The multilingual staff was extremely helpful and polite. They went out of their way to be of service. To get to the hotel from the airport take the Picadilly Line straight to the Earl's Court Station. The hotel is only a two minute walk from the tube station. Simply take the Earl's Court Road exit, turn left out of the station, walk to the corner and take the first left turn (Trebovir Street), take the next right and you are on Templeton Street. The hotel is on the left. Before leaving the airport follow the signs for the underground and purchase an Oyster pass for the length of your stay. I purchased three passes for 28.50 pounds each, and we traveled all week without worry. The pass I purchased covered zones 1&amp;2 which encompasses all of the tourist sights. You can use the Oyster Pass on the tube, busses or overland trains for unlimited trips throughout the day! Remember to tell the clerk to include return fare on the tube if you are staying more than seven days. There is a 3 pound deposit included in the price of the Oyster pass which is refunded at the airport befroe you leave. Directly across the street from the tube station is a postoffice where you can exchange money without paying a commission. There is a Japanese and an Indian restaurant(Masala) also across from the tube staion to the left. Zizzi's is an Italian restaurant on the same side of the tube staion where the food is ok, but they will not vary entree preparation from the menu. So it's served as stated or not at all! I found the staff a bit rude. However, to the right of the tube station on the same side as the post office is the Strada restaurant which has good food . They will serve filtered water in bottles for free which is better than paying for water at Zizzi's. Strada is not quite a ten minute walk form the hotel but worth it. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 8 2009 	really nice hotel	The room size was pretty good. We had a room for three so the size was quite adequate. The hotel was extremely close the the subway and this just added to the convenience of the hotel. This hotel was very clean and the breakfast was really very good! As a matter of fact we ended up having to catch a tour at another hotel (Marriott) and I just took a look at their breakfast and it was meager to what was offered at our hotel. The bathroom was okay.....The problem I had with it was that there was no door to the shower, and the shower was not large so water was constantly getting on the floor. But that is the only slightly negative thing I have to say about the hotel. The staff was courteous and knowlegible. The hotel was extremly clean and they did offer free internet usage. I would absolutely stay there again. Oh the really wonderful thing about the hotel was that you could open the windows and let fresh air in versus just relying on air conditioning. There were quite a few restaurants around the hotel so you could get various types of food and it was very good. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and as stated ealier they had a good selection of foods.	
Aug 6 2009 	Dissapointed	Clean, quiet, comfortable hotel. Bedrooms very small, bathroom luxurious but no bath only shower. Breakfast only ok as scrambled egg was cold every mornings, but good selection of fruits. Gym is a joke - a tiny fitness room with 3 pieces of equipment.. 2 of the internet points were broken and other guests remarked that they were broken over a week and had not been fixed. Room and service staff helpful and friendly. Reception staff were stern.	
Aug 5 2009 	Lovely Hotel Little Gem	I have no other London hotel for comparison but I know what I like and I like this hotel. It is a lovely little gem, with much to offer. First is location, location, location. Loved the Earl's Court neighborhood, it felt like coming home after a busy day. The tube is so close to the hotel, with many shops and restaurants close to both hotel and tube. Loved the deli directly across from the Earl's Court Underground Station. The hotel is very clean. One of my personal &quot;musts&quot; for any hotel. The staff is nice and helpful. The breakfast buffet was nice, I enjoyed it each morning before heading out to the city. There is a lovely garden behind the breakfast area. The room is small but nice and I found it more than suitable for enjoyable sleeping. If you want a large luxury suite, do not stay here. If you want a great place to come back to after a full day of sightseeing, you cannot go wrong with this hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	I would highly recommend this hotel.	We stayed at K+K for a week, and I would highly recommend this hotel. The hotel was spotless; they had five computers with free wireless access; and the location was very convenient. Most importantly, the staff was wonderful. They were able to provide us with tons of information; they went out of their way to assist in booking various tours; and everyone was very nice and very friendly. The breakfast had something for everyone and was very filling. While Kensington is not really within walking distance to the major sights, the tube stop, which is extremely convenient, is about two blocks away. We really enjoyed our stay and would go back any time!	
Jul 24 2009	Convenient and Almost Faultless	The only bad part of our experience at the K+K St. George was, unfortunately, the check-in process. The desk clerk, named Jens, can only be described as officious. Based on Trip Advisor reviews, I politely asked if any courtyard view rooms were available. He informed me that he could check, but it was highly unlikely, and would entail a great deal of trouble on his part. After a 30-second computer check, he basically laughed, saying that the only courtyard view room he had to offer would require a substantial upgrade on my part. I honestly wasn't pushy in any way - just ASKING politely. He made me feel insignificant and out of line for even inquiring. VERY bad start. I then asked if there was Wi Fi available in the rooms - I have an iPhone with Wi Fi compatibility. His answer was that there was not - but that there were computer hookups in the room - not helpful in my case. No problem. However, once I got to my room (1st floor - with a front-on view of construction - which I couldn't help but feel was intentional on the desk clerk's part - I checked for Wi Fi and found that the hotel did, in fact, have the service, but that it required a password. I called down to the front desk and, unluckily for me, got Jens again. I inquired again about the Wi Fi, and was told, &quot;oh, we DO have Wi Fi - but not all the rooms can get it.&quot; I'm just not clear why he couldn't be honest when I made my initial inquiry. Another black mark.Other than the inhospitable Jens, the stay at K+K was quite nice. The rooms are large (by European standards), very clean, and very inviting. The buffet breakfast was a major plus as well. The hotel boasts a business center with five computers - well there is one computer upstairs and four downstairs - and only three of those actually worked and at one point we were down to two. There was ALWAYS a line to use the computers. A minor frustration. The Earl's Court Tube stop is an easy four-minute walk and there are plenty of things to do in the walking area as well - including Kensington Gardens. It's also very convenient to Heathrow - a direct shot on the Piccadilly Line. Overall, this hotel was a very positive experience and I would recommend it.	
Jul 21 2009 	excellent hotel superb location simply the best.	My husband and I stayed in this superb hotel for two nights in July 2009.It is centrally located just a few minutes fron Earlscourt Tube Station so travelling around the city is very convenient.There are a number of nice restaurants and pubs nearby. Check in service was excellent fast and friendly.Reception staff were always friendly and helpful with directions etc.Our room was stylish ,airconditioned and fully equipped.Breakfast was a delicious buffet with a really wide choice of quality food and for those enjoying a lie in it is served up untill 11.30am! Everyone is A-list and prides themselves on taking care of their guestsThere is a beautifully landscaped garden at the back of the hotel which was a lovely place to relax and unwind after a busy day sightseeing ,an unexpected gem !The hotel bar was perfect for pre/after dinner drinks. Having had plenty of exercise sightseeing we did not visit the gym /saunas in the hotel.There were a number of computers with full internet access and printers a must for budget airline passengers!!It was so lovely to find a hotel that had it all. We look forward to our next trip to London Just the best experience! Won't stay anywhere else after this.	
Jul 20 2009 	Modern convenient and great breakfast	Located within a few blocks of the Earl's Court Tube station and within a block of various pubs, shops, restaurants and convenience stores. Complimentary breakfast buffet was the BEST I have ever had and staff was available and helpful. A bit on the pricier side.	
Jul 20 2009 	Oasis in centre of London	I've stayed here on several occasions for various family celebrations. It's a lovely hotel, near Earl's Court tube station and easy to reach anywhere in the centre of London. The garden with chairs and tables is a little oasis and so peaceful. The hotel does seem to get very busy and the buffet breakfast can be crowded with people selecting from the scrumptious selection. The breakfast is a real highlight and there is so much quality choice of food and drinks. The little bar is cozy and relaxing.	
Jul 19 2009 	would definitely stay again	hotel only a couple of minutes walk from Earls Court tube station. have stayed in the area before as it's so handy for heathrow and the centre of london. were able to check in 2 hours early. the staff were really friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them. nice garden at the back. breakfast had everything you could want, including champagne. only down side was that we thought the beds were a little hard and we had to ask for extra pillows (which arrived in a couple of minutes). apart from that no complaint whatsoever. would stay there again as got a good price through Hotel.com	
Jul 7 2009 	Wonderful location	We only had 2 days in London but with this location we were able to see everything we wanted to see. Easy to access via Earls Court Tube Station from Heathrow Airport. After a long day sightseeing it was marvellous to come back to a perfectly cool room. Staff very friendly and helpful. Comfortable lobby and lovely garden out back. Good choice for breakfast. We will be back!	
Jul 5 2009 	Almost Perfect	We had a wonderful stay here June 14-18. We booked two rooms directly through the hotel website and our reservations were waiting for us when we arrived. The hotel was full at our morning arrival (BA transfers did a fine job from Gatwick) so we could not immediately check in, but the staff stored our luggage and we were able to freshen up and change in the downstairs restrooms. Our rooms (we booked a double for us and another for the teenagers) were clean, well appointed and decent sized (not great, but more than adequate). The rooms had air conditioning, a safe, great shower (with the standard european partial enclosure), LCD TV and substantial storage space. Breakfast was included with our rate and was terrific - cooked eggs, fixins for a full traditional English breakfast, cold cuts, cereals, pastries, juices, coffee, tea, etc. Service was always with a smile and punctual and the same goes for the front desk and housekeeping. The front desk was always staffed 24/7 (so no worries when you hand them your key when leaving - it's a big heavy thing you would not want to carry anyway). The front desk also helped with calling a cab and selling some tourist tickets (big bus tour, for example). There are five available internet terminals and four have a dedicated printer, all for free. There were three elevators, all of which worked fine, although they are small by American standards. The garden out back is beautiful, well maintained and a pleasant diversion from the city around you. The location was quite convenient. Earl's Court underground station is 5 minutes walk and has access to three lines and took us pretty much everywhere we needed to go. We chose the Oyster card for travel and while we surely saved some money, like everything else in London, it's not inexpensive. The surrounding neighborhood was quite active, especially on Earl's Court Rd and we had fine meals at Earl's Court Tavern (good sunday roast dinner), Nando's and the Little Fench restaurant. There is a wide chocie of restaurants in the area so no worries if you come home hungry and a day out and about.About the only negative was some worn carpeting in the second floor hallway, but that is really nitpicking. Book this hotel with confidence; we are sure it will satisfy and we certainly hope to stay here again in the future.	
Jul 2 2009 	Convenient clean and a good value!	My family stayed at the K + K Hotel George at the end of June 2009. We booked the hotel through a web site with airfare. We had stayed in the K + K Hotel in Paris and thought it was modern, clean and located in a very safe location. The same is true of the London K + K! Conveniently located two blocks (5 min. walk) from the Earl's Court Underground station, this hotel has numerous restaurants, groceries, pharmacies and other stores within easy walking distance. McDonald's, Starbucks, Burger King, and Subway are just a short walking distance from the hotel. The hotel rooms, like most in London, are smaller than what is normal for U.S. hotels, but they were still roomy enough since we were not in the rooms very much. The public areas of the hotel are very modern and tastefully decorated. There is a computer with free internet access in the lobby and four more located in the lower level for guests to use for e-mail and other web needs. It made it very easy to keep in touch with relatives and work back home. The breakfast was included with our room and it was very good! Scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, all sorts of rolls and croissants, meats and cheeses and a variety of cereal and juice were all offered. Breakfast was served from 6:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. which was great for early or late departures. The staff was very courteous and helpful. Our room was always cleaned and stocked each afternoon when we returned. There is a wonderful garden in the rear of the hotel for relaxing and reading one of the free newspapers from the lobby. For location, cleanliness, courteous staff and modern amenities at a fair price, K + K can not be beat. I will stay here again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Okay hotel - nothing glaringly wrong with it but nothing to rave about either	I stayed here recently for 1 night. It is a well presented, boutique property and extremely well maintained. The hotel’s reception areas were nice. The room was well appointed and clean and the hotel had a beautiful garden outside. The breakfast buffet was okay – I’ve had better, it was included in my room rate. Staff were eager to help and had a lovely attitude. The other guests were upmarket and of a high calibre. Note that there is a problem with the sound insulation between floors at this hotel – I could hear the guy in the room above me walking around! Staff at reception seemed to be aware of this problem. On the other hand each room had a built in granite noise blocker under the doors so you don’t hear noise from the corridors which can be a problem at other hotels. The hotel is in Earls Court which is a good location. Earls Court is a centrally located area of London with good access to the Piccadilly Lines, District Line and Circle line tubes. It takes about 14 minutes to get to Regent Street on the Piccadilly line. As a tourist it is impossible to get around London other than on the tube no matter what hotel you stay at – unless you are willing to spend a fortune on cabs. The Underground is fairly easy to navigate and understand. There is a large Tesco supermarket within an easy 9 minute stroll of the hotel.This hotel is ok and the best choice in the area for those exhibiting at or visiting Earls Court Exhibition centre but nothing to write home about. My preferred hotel in London is the Space Apart Hotel in Bayswater.	
Jun 24 2009 	Couldnt recommend it highly enough	great location. great value. room was lovely with a really nice view of the garden. we booked the deal that included the afternoon tea and the bus trip. would really recommend this. hope to be back soon!	
Jun 23 2009 	Still like this hotel	This was our second visit to the K&amp;K George. It's still a lovely hotel, very conveniently located near Earl's Court tube station, but on a quiet side street. Very clean, good service, great breakfast (be sure that this is included in your rate). Be sure to insist on a room in the back overlooking the gardens. We had a room on the 5th floor and only complaint was the very low toilet seat - this may be a problem if you have bad knees (and may account for the long lines to use the toilets off the lobby). Dropping off the keys each time we left could take time if there were many guests in line. Careful of the shower temperatures - they can fluctuate suddenly.	
Jun 20 2009 	Good London Accommodation	Positives:- very close to Earl's Court tube station- handy to shops- comfortable- breakfast included; very good selection &amp; quality of food + great serv ice- reasonably sized rooms for London- nice barNegatives:- reception service could be better (most staff in training? / unable to answer questions)- check out slow (insufficient staff?)	
Jun 18 2009 	Beautiful Inside and Out!	Impressive! This is a beautiful property in a quiet Kensington neighborhood with great restaurants and the Earls Court tube station conveniently close by. We enjoyed our stay very much. We only had a problem with the &quot;included&quot; breakfast. When we booked our room through Hotels.com, the website stated that the breakfast was included. Not wanting any problems when we got there, I called Hotels.com two weeks prior to our arrival and they called the hotel manager on duty to confirm that the breakfast was included on our reservation. When we got there, the first morning we ate a lovely breakfast. The second morning, when we went to breakfast, they told us it would be 15 GBP each; we explained we had called and were then referred to the front desk. The front desk said that Hotels.com &quot;always said that they call the manager but they don't&quot;, that breakfast wasn't included and shouldn't have been the first morning. The front desk had been very helpful the previous morning in recommending bus routes (during the tube strike), but regarding the breakfast, they were very cold and rude. It's a great place to stay, just beware the &quot;included&quot; breakfast may not be!	
Jun 18 2009 	A great place to stay in London	We have just come back from 4 days in London where we stayed at the K+K George Hotel where we had a great time. It is a lovely hotel with very nice rooms and friendly staff. Reading the reviews in Trip Advisor we were a bit concerned that the room and especially the bathroom might be a bit small, but we were pleasantly surprised. We stayed on the 4th floor and were very happy with our room. The room was more than big enough, as was the bathroom. Comparing the K+K George to other hotels in London I have stayed at (same price), this is a true gem. Everything was extremely clean and the staff was all very friendly and helpful. The lovely garden in the backyard is a rare feature in a city like London. The breakfast is probably the best I've ever had in a hotel. You find everything there from full English breakfast to salmon, lovely pastrieds and a good selection of fruit and cheese. The buffet is rather large and constantly refilled by the friendly staff. We never had to wait more than 5 minutes for anythig to be replaced. The staff was also very attentive when it came to refilling coffee and tea. The hotel is in a quiet area in Earl's Court and literally right around the corner from Earl's Court tube station and only a 10 Minute trube journey from Leicester Square. Even though we had a room facing the front we could sleep with the windows open with no problems at all. The hotel is also perfect for flying from Heathrow airport as there is a direct tube to the airport from Earl's Court station and it only takes 35 Minutes to Heathrow.I can highly reccomend this hotel for a pleasant stay in London!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Stay in Londontown!	Hotel K+K George is conveniently located near Earl's Court Underground station and in a largely residential area of London. The rooms and bathrooms are not large but they are well-appointed, updated and clean. The beds were very comfortable, too. We loved the large breakfast selection offered each morning and the people at the front desk were very helpful. Free internet and the sauna/exercise room were nice amenities. This hotel is much larger than the traditional bed and breakfast but it is more personalized and quaint than the high rise hotels. We would definitely stay here again in the future.	
Jun 3 2009 	i try to book it each time i stay overnight in london	compared to most of the other hotels in london in this price category the hotel is in a different classmodern, spacy rooms - breakfast included and a location that is easy to reach by subway :-)	
Jun 2 2009 	London Luxury for an EXCELLENT Value. LOVED it!	The K+K George was easily one of the highlights of my 9-day London experience. It's a beautifully maintained hotel a short walk from the Earl's Court tube station (which provides convenient access to two of the main tube lines through London). The rooms are small but certainly adequate. Americans have to learn sooner or later that European hotels are much smaller than we're used to, though no less equipped. Both the high-speed internet terminals and the delicious breakfast overlooking the gardens were a nice feature that made the K+K George stand out. The George even has Paulo, a hotel cat that lives outdoors in the gardens and greets guests warmly who venture outside. This hotel is very nearby two other hotels listed on TripAdvisor, the Trebovir and the Amsterdam. I can say from walking by both of these on the way to the tube station daily that the K+K George makes these look shabby in comparison with its fresh paint and spotless interior. I could not have been happier with my stay!	
May 31 2009 	Very comfortable hotel in good location	Lovely modern hotel with spacious, comfortable rooms, great bathroom and good staff. Our room overlooked a pretty courtyard so was quiet, breakfast buffet excellent. The location is near Earl's Court tube station and 1 block from main road, also same day service laundry so very convenient. Front desk staff friendly and helpful so overall excellent value and enjoyable stay. Only drawback was that staff called a private taxi service, not black taxis, so these drivers, although friendly, don't know London well enough.	
May 30 2009 	Very Clean Hotel and a Great Breakfast Buffet	We stayed at the K+K in May of 2009 for 9 nights. It proved to be an exceptionally good value. Our room was very clean and functional and the bathroom was modern and spotless. The room was small but included a flat screen television, a desk and phone (free local calls), a small fridge (which had a stocked mini-bar) and a very handy little safe in the well-organized closet. There was even enough room for an additional chair. The bed was great - we had a pair of twin beds pushed together - and the pillows were decadent. The bathroom was also small, but had updated fixtures. The walk-in shower was great - although if you took the shower sprayer off of its mount you ran the risk of hosing down a good bit of your bathroom!Perhaps the best part of the hotel stay was the breakfast buffet. It started early and was restocked often. Ours was included in the price of our room booking, which made life a lot easier. A selection of cereals, bacon, sausage, eggs, hash browns, toast, cheeses, fruit and much more was provided as well as beverages like juice, coffee and tea, and - oh yes - champagne!Location was a hot topic of discussion. Earls Court Road has an amazing selection of quality restaurants and the K+K is on a quiet street only one block away. The Tube station is literally a 2 minute walk from the front door of the hotel. The downside is that you will NEED to take the Tube almost everywhere from this location. The vast majority of the typical 'tourist' things to see and do are not within walking distance of the Earl's Court area. I would strongly suggest that you read all the brochures and spend some time talking to the Underground staff about how the whole system of charges works - because it seems to require an additional year of schooling to understand it. The best solution for us was to get an Oyster Card (refundable 3 pound deposit) and load it with a 7 day Travelcard for Zones 1 and 2. That will get you to most everything that you will want to do in the city. At the end of the 7 days, we simply topped up the cards with cash for the last 2 days. (Any money not used can be refunded with the deposit.)The staff were great - very friendly and helpful - and apparently multi-lingual if English is not your best choice. The free internet computer stations were very helpful in planning your day, reviewing local restaurants, and checking opening and closing times of attractions.We would highly recommend the K+K Hotel George.	
May 30 2009 	Central location to everything	I was looking for a hotel that was CLEAN, in a central location with access to the underground lines that route to the main tourist attractions, modern, and close to restaurants.The K+K Hotel did not disappoint; in fact it exceeded my expectations. The hotel is located near Earl's court Underground which has both the Piccadilly and District lines, the hotel resides on a quiet side street but a few feet away lies the busy Earl's Court road with it's mind blowing amount of restaurants. The hotel itself is modern and clean with a cute garden in the back. The rooms are tiny but the most important thing is the cleanliness for me and I was beyond impressed. The bathroom is the size of a disability stall but again I overlooked the size due to its impeccable cleanliness.One humorous thing i found about the hotel is the elevator is tiny and claims it can fit 9 people but my friend and I (we are very thin) were in the elevator with another couple and it basically filled the elevator.	
May 25 2009 	Fabulous accommodations with a sumptuous breakfast buffet	While the rooms were small, they were clean and modern-looking. Crisp, white sheets with fluffy duvets made for comfortable sleeping, and the rooms and restaurant overlooked a beautiful garden. The helpful staff was great at recommending restaurants, and the hotel provided five computers with which to check your email or plan your day. *But the best part about the K+K George was the wonderful breakfast buffet, complete with champagne, eggs, a cereal bar, pastries, and an assortment of cheeses and fish. What a treat!*	
May 21 2009 	Small room with big style beat expectations by far	I stayed at the K+K George as part of an overnight package that included show tickets. As I was only in London overnight on an extended layover, I only needed a place to lay my head, but I would gladly stay at the George again for a longer stay. THe hotel is located just around the corner from Earl's Court Tube Station, which is convenient because it's at the border of Zones 1&amp;2... so you only have to buy a Zone 2-6 ticket to get in from Heathrow, but you only have to buy a Zone 1 ticket when going into town. The lobby was refined, the breakfast was very good, and there are free computer terminals with free internet access for guests, not to mention free in-room wi-fi access. The rooms and especially the bathrooms are exceedingly small, but decorated very tastefully. And heck, with a beautiful tile-and-glass shower, and a flat-screen TV, I really can't complain. I heartily recommend.*As a bonus, I put my business card in a pot for a drawing for free dinner and champagne at the K+K restaurant. While I did not win, I did receive a note from the hotel (sent internationally) offering me a free drink at the bar on my next stay there. I'll hopefully be using it very soon!	
May 16 2009 	A Great Hotel in a Perfect Location - Couldn't ask for better for the price	We had an excellent time at this hotel. It is very close to the Earl's Court Tube Station with connections to lines going anywhere. The buffet breakfasts were fabulous with loaded with anything you could really want for... including Champagne! The waitresses were a little slow pouring the coffee but that's just a small detail and the only thing I can really say that was slightly negative... but big deal! The buffet is a great way to start the day to have the energy for all that walking and sightseeing. The rooms were very clean, some may say small but well planned and good storage... don't forget to use the long shelf under the bathroom counter to store items and you're laughing. We were first placed in a room at the front of the hotel which had a charming view of the street and surrounding neighbourhood, but then the next day scaffolding went up in front of the hotel (renovations to the facade). We asked to be moved to the back of the hotel facing the beautiful gardens... not a problem... they even moved our luggage and items over to the new room while we were out sightseeing. Very seamless transition other than having to repack. The staff is very accommodating and quite pleasant.The hotel bar/lounge was a nice place to come back and enjoy after a night at the Theatres. There's free use of computers if you want to research anything, look for theatre tickets of just check your e-mail... and you never really had to wait for one.Free newspapers in the lobby every morning with a coffee/tea and sparkling mineral water stand. There's really nothing more you could ask for in a hotel at this price and location! You can get to and from Heathrow using the Tube in one train ride, no connections in under one hour. Easy!	
May 9 2009 	Great Value to Stay	K&amp;K Geroge Hotel is recommended to stay again, the reasons are:-1. Excellent location: it is close to tube, mini-supermarket &amp; convenience shops, restaurtants, fast-food shops &amp; bars are nearby.2. Good price: it is relatively cheap price for 4 star hotel via internet hotel agent, I have booked with GDP135/night3. Lovely breakfast: Reasonable price (GDP14) to have breakfast, it is included the champagne. The choice of breakfast is fair good. However, the refill rate is not fast, I have asked to refill the milk; the staff is very busy, I need to ask 3 times and then they refill immediately. But I can't see any refill of oatmeal, mightbe it takes a very long time to cook?? Moreover, the quality of cameal4. Good staff: Warmly welcome when we check in. I read another comment that there is no toilet paper, yes it has happened, it might be the busy of housekeepers, however, when we called the reception, the housekeeper has immediately sent the paper to our room and said many times of &quot;sorry&quot;5. Clean: The room is clean &amp; tidy	
May 2 2009 	Nice hotel great location	This hotel was very clean, staff were very friendly, and the location is great. Earl's Court tube stop is a very short walk away. Staff were very helpful with any questions. My only complaint would be the size of the room. There is barely space to turn around. However, they have computers on site that you can use and I can't say enough about how clean the hotel was. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel in a good location	Stayed for one night at this hotel 24th April 2009. We were able to park right under the hotel (although there was a £20 charge for this) which was really convenient. Staff were friendly and the hotel although fairly busy was really quiet at night which meant a good night sleep in very comfortable beds. The only criticism I have is about the rather cold food served at breakfast. I was also served a cold cup of coffee, but it was immediately replaced by the very smiley waitress.Overall a pleasant stay and would stay again	
Apr 23 2009 	As Good as it Gets for this Price in London	I used this hotel for a one night stay in Central London having flown in earlier that evening. The first thing is that the location has excellent access to Heathrow Airport. The nearest tube station, Earl's Court, is a 3 minute walk from the hotel and has a direct tube line to Heathrow. The journey from the airport to the hotel took around 45 minutes - it would not have been much faster in a taxi.The hotel bedrooms are small but are modern and very clean. I had a ground floor room overlooking the garden. It is possible to sit out in the garden which is a nice touch in Central London. The fruit bowl in the bedroom was also very good from both a variety and quantity perspective.The beds were very comfortable and the room temperature was fine, with the air conditioning being relatively quiet. The only concern I would have is the lack of proper blackout lining on the curtains. For anyone who likes dark rooms, this could be an issue in Spring and Summer mornings.The bathroom was extremely small and there was virtually nowhere to put toilet bags. However, the water in the shower was warm and fairly powerful, which is often a problem with hotels in London.The breakfast was extremely good with a great variety from which to choose. A nice touch was a table full of newspapers rather than just the normal four or five. Overall, I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and it will be my hotel of choice in London going forward.	
Apr 22 2009 	We loved it!	Me and my 3 children stayed at the K+K last June. We arrived from the states in the morning and they went right to work on getting our room and offered us breakfast while we waited-couldn't have been kinder!The breakfast room is so lovely with a view out to a garden..we sat outside and enjoyed! Breakfast was typical English and the kids enjoyed the variety.Our room was small for 4-especially the bathroom. However it was spotlessly clean and quiet. Beds comfortable and bathroom modern/new.We really loved the location! With 3 kids-one in a stroller-we had only to walk 5 minutes to the tube station and we're on our way to all of London's sights. The tube line it is on is the best and most convenient to all the major tourist attractions- very little switching trains necessary. I was so thankful for that convenience! Also, the neiborhood is very quiet and residential feeling so I always felt safe coming home at night.We travelled for a month all over Europe and it was so great to start with the gracious welcome of the K+K!	
Apr 16 2009	Great Hotel terrific location would definitely stay again.	I would definitely stay at this hotel again it is very inviting. My friend &amp; I enjoyed our stay very much. The room was roomy, very clean, &amp; simple. The bathroom had heated floors which was a plus since I 'm always cold. The location is amazing, it's so convenient, you can take the Picadilly line from Heathrow airport to Earl's court where the hotel is situated. For sightseeing it was very easy to get aound. The area is great it has nice places for breakfast, lunch, &amp; dinner. Also has convenient stores for munchies. The free internet was nice to have. I would definitely stay here again it was a pleasure staying at the K &amp; K George Hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	This is a very nice reasonably priced place to stay in London	My wife and I selected the K&amp;K Hotel George based on the reviews here on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. This is an excellent hotel. The room was average sized for London but the appointments were what made it standout. Fastidiously clean with free broadband in the room, a nice fruit bowl upon arrival, ample closet space, a wide variety of television stations and a top-notch bathroom with modern fixtures, heated floor tiles and great water pressure made for an above average hotel experience at the price point.The breakfast buffet was outstanding with a wide variety foods to fit European or American sensibilities. Whether your taste runs toward the standard European fare of pastries, cold meats, cheeses, fish, boiled eggs, muesli and yogurt , the traditional English style of bacon, baked beans, poached eggs, baked tomatoes, and sauteed mushrooms or the hardy American scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast, this buffet will be just what you need to start your day. Add to it a glass or two of complimentary champagne, a variety of juices and an excellent cup of coffee or tea and you may wonder whether or not you really want to leave the hotel.As for the greater hotel, the K&amp;K is one of the nicest, cleanest hotels in the immediate area. The location is excellent with easy access to the tube and bus lines, and a wide variety of restaurants in the area. The large garden area is lovely and relaxing with several benches and tables around the lawn and a few more hidden away in intimate niches. There is also a cocktail bar which is open during the afternoon/evening hours. The only criticism I have is that the front desk seemed a bit understaffed as high volume of customers dropping off or picking up their room keys often caused queues to form. Overall, the K&amp;K Hotel George is a great hotel and I will definitely stay there again on my next trip to London.	
Apr 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel with great location	After reading the reviews we selected this hotel for our first trip to London. We went for our anniversary. The hotel is at a great location near the tube station at Earls Court. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room simple and clean. We loved the down cover on the bed although the bed was a little hard. The bathroom had heated tile floors which was wonderful. Nice towels. the view of the garden courtyard was beautiful and just starting to bloom. The breakfast was expensive and different than we expected but good. It had cerial, eggs, sausage, hash browns, cheese platter and fruit. It is cheeper to buy the breakfast at the hotel than with the package at orbitz we were glad to find out. The dining area looked out at the garden area. The free internet computers were helpful to look up information as we toured as well as e-mail. Hotel close to restaurants - we had Italian and Chinese. The bakery next to the tube entrance had great lemon poppyseed muffins.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great place to stay	My friend and I stayed here on our first trip to London and we loved our stay.True, the rooms are a little cozy (small), but we were only there to sleep and shower. We loved the breakfast, and everyone working there was very nice and helpful. The hairdryer in our room didn't work the first morning we were there, and there was a maintenance man there before I was even off the phone with the front desk. Exceptional service. They gave us great restaurant recommendations, directions to places, and booked a car for us for the ride back to Heathrow. We have absolutely no complaints.Also, we loved the location close to so many stores and restaurants, and close to Earl's Court Underground, which has 3 tube lines.I'd definitely stay at K+K again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Small and fluffy	After reading the good reviews, our expectations were set high. Looking back, they were not entirely met. We asked for one bed, not two twin pushed together. We had a verys mall bathroom with only one small washer, almost impossible to be with two persons in the bathroom. And fluffy ! Very fluffy, especially the new towels that left fluffy traces all over you and we were not the only ones, because while waiting at the buffet, we saw other people with traces of white fluf in their faces. Also when we arrived the safe was not working. We reported it on saterday immediatly after check-in and because new batteries didn't help either, it was only repaired during tuesday....	
Apr 8 2009 	Brilliant stay at a lovely hotel!	This hotel is simply brilliant in my opinion, from check in to check out everything was perfect. I was given one of the top floor rooms overlooking the road which was lovely, like other people have said the rooms are a bit small but perfectly formed and the bathroom was bigger than I expected. The breakfast was also a very good part of the stay, plently of selection and availability. The hotels additional features such as the computer terminals are very useful, they do get busy. The bar area is very fresh and appealing and gives a very nice atmosphere from the minute you set foot in the hotel. As other people have said about leaving the key at reception, in my opinion it is not only practical but acceptable from the hotel. The key is a fairly large rectangle with your room number on and a green circle, this is the bit that unlocks the door. The keys are not like other hotels which are simple credit card style cards. Also I never had to wait to collect my key so having peace of mind that I wasnt going to loose it was an added bonus!If you are looking for a hotel in this budget area and in London go for it, I certainly will be returning in the near future!!	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Great location. Clean. Great Staff. Rooms are a bit small but well appointed.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent location and greatly accommodating staff	This hotel was very clean and inviting. The staff was excellent, and a wonderful resource for us. The location is only about two blocks from the tube and in a very safe area where we found many nice restaurants and pubs. The breakfast buffet was excellent. We had a very pleasant stay and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	Fabulous location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in mid-March. The location couldn't be better - so close to the tube station and surrounded by quaint homes. We were a little surprised that the hotel had more TV stations in German than in English - and the front desk staff all appeared to be German - so I would assume that this hotel specifies in accommodating German travellers more so than others. Having said that, we weren't in London to watch TV or chat with the front desk staff so it didn't really matter. The room was quite basic - tiny, but that's not surprising in Europe.We were thrilled with the location - would definitely stay again.	
Mar 16 2009	great location and value	My daughter and I just got back from a week at the K&amp;K hotel George normally we stay at an Embassy Suites or a Hilton Hotel, but Overall we liked the hotel. I have read some of the complaints and I can see where some things could be a problem. Yes they do ask for you to leave the room key at the front desk, but I don't thing its mandatory. We left it because the key is rather large and we didn't want to have to carry it around. Our bathroom had heated floors which we loved, but no tub. the shower was really nice and new and I had no problem with the water in the shower. Our sheets were new and clean and didn't have any holes. The beds were hard but I'm use to sleeping on a sleep comfort air bed, so I knew that the bed would be a problem for me. I put an extra blanket down on the bed to help give extra padding which worked great. I also took a battery operated sound machine to block out other people slamming doors and talking in the hall. Our flight got into London at 7am and we took the subway to the hotel which was really easy. We were in the hotel by 7:40. I knew our room wouldn't be ready but they held our bags and gave us free breakfast before we even checked in. I gave them the voucher from British airways and they kept it and I had no problem checking out. In fact I made a few local calls in the room and they were free and one 5 minute call back home in the USA and my total bill wasn't even two pounds.I agree that the cleaning of our room was a little less each day we were there, but I have to admit that I never left a tip, but I do keep things picked up and really only need a fresh towel. There was always plenty of toilet paper and shampoo. We left the room everyday by 9am and didn't come back till 5pm and the room was always cleaned by then. We left the service card on the doorknob each morning so that she would know that we were gone. The staff at the front desk seemed pleasant each time I went to ask a questions but I never really had much conversation with them. There was a mini bar but we put there stuff aside and put our own pop and water and fruit in the fridge. We used the electric kettle to make tea and hot chocolate in the room which worked great!! Having a few mini marts close by and a larger market Tesco nearby was great for getting snacks and the underground was only a block and half away. Also a good pizza place and bakery is nearby. There are other places to eat that looked good but we didn't get a chance to try them.The tv really is awful for the channels, but most hotels I've been in have about the same programming. They want you to be out spending money not in the room watching tv, so the only english channels was a cnn and a local news and my daughter found a channel or two that showed some older movies that she liked. We actually started laughing at some of the shows on the foreign channels.	
Mar 12 2009 	A Big Disappointment	Do you like bed bugs? Beds so hard your 29-year-old hip gets bruised? What about intermittenly out-of-service elevators? Do you like having to leave your room key with hotel staff everytime you venture off into the City because they're paranoid you're going to lose it since it has a room number on it? If so, you'll love the K+K! The location of this hotel is fabulous, a short walk to the Earl's Court tube, and the rooms look nice....at first, but there are many problems, namely of which is the front desk staff. From the minute we walked in there were problems. We were told that our room was not ready at and they did not know when it would be - they &quot;hoped&quot; that it would be ready at check-in (only a half hour away), but they weren't sure. To be fair, the breakfast was a nice touch and with the exception of the front desk, all staff were friendly. The view from the hotel was nice, and the location is quite convenient. Unfortunately, while the hotel appears clean, it is more appearance than anything (our sheets had holes in them, even), and the maid service gets gradually worse the longer your stay. Towels were not replaced, and toiletries were left waning. (Also, note that while the hotel provides shampoo and shower gel, there is no conditioner. Beware if you have long hair and want to avoid a tangly mess). They also took their sweet time cleaning the rooms, waiting until 4:00 pm some days. Water pressure in the shower is spotty at best, and temperature control can be difficult. They were stingy with toilet paper , often leaving just a partial roll, and the TV has more channels in German than English. The hotel does not deliver what it advertised - not that I care a ton about heated floors and towel racks, but they were definitely in absence. Despite this, I would have considered staying here again in a pinch, but the last straw was the check-out. Staff were tremendously rude, requesting a voucher from a third-party vendor we booked through, even though we pre-paid for the booking and showed them the voucher at check-in (it was a British Airways voucher). They literally wanted me to go through my bags and delay my journey to the airport for a document they should have requested at check-in a week earlier . (We offered them the voucher, and they gave it back to us so go figure...) They also told us that we had taken items from the mini-bar when we most definitely had not. This is always my worst fear with a mini bar - the staff seemed to indicate that we would not be charged, but I'm still checking my credit card to make sure. This hotel falls short of what it wants you to think it is. The stresses of the staff interaction marred our stay , and I would recommend staying elsewhere.	
Mar 12 2009 	So Happy With This Hotel	We just returned having spent 6 nights and are both very impressed with every aspect of this hotel. The friendly and efficient staff, the great breakfast buffet, the comfortable room and free access to the Internet and printing are only some of the reasons why we will return again and again.For travelers who have not stayed in hotels in London please note, rooms may be much smaller than you may be used to. We upgraded to an executive suite on the 5th floor facing the beautiful (even in March) garden and were really happy with that decision. The room was comfortable, well appointed and very quiet. As an added bonus, the bathroom had heated floors and a towel warmer.The hotel appears to attract business people as well tourists (couples in some sort of capacity) not traveling with young children. This would make sense as I would not consider the hotel or it’s surroundings particularly child friendly. The hotel is on a very quiet street and is less than a 5 minute walk from the bustle of Earl’s Court Station. Anyone flying into Heathrow is strongly advised to save money and take the 40 minute tube ride for 3.20.You can access both the District (green) line and the Piccadilly (Blue) from Earl’s Court. Please note that the District line is currently closed at weekends for track work so the Piccadilly trains can be more crowded. This is a small price to pay for a 15 minute ride into central London.Please be aware that the hotel charges a 50 pound charge for early check in. We booked through British Airways so it came as a surprise to us when we arrived to find out that we would have to pay to check in at 9 or come back at 3. We chose the latter option, checked our bags and spent a wonderful morning walking through the Victorian Brompton Cemetery and an afternoon wondering the streets of South Kensington and Chelsea.Typical of our London trips, we did a lot. 3 highlights were a self guided walk through the winding and hilly streets of Hampstead (Go for a pint and or something to eat at the charming The Holly Bush), a tour of Apsley House and seeing a great production of La Cage Aux Folles.	
Mar 3 2009 	OK hotel great location	We stayed 3 nights prior to sailing the Queen Mary back to New York. The check in went smoothly and the front desk staff was very helpfull to 2 very jet lagged ladies. We were given a room on the top floor that seemed smaller than the rooms on the lower floors that I peeked into. Breakfast was OK but never changed and after 3 days got a little boring. I loved the free internet in the lobby, was able to check my email. The Earls court district was wonderful. I felt safe and there were plenty of restaurants and shops to choose from. My only complaint was the size of the room, when we checked into the Queen Mary our inside stateroom seemed larger!	
Mar 2 2009 	Lovely hotel in a quiet location	We stayed for a Saturday night at the end of February and were impressed. The welcome was friendly and efficient, and the &quot;classic&quot; room, although a little small, was clean, well furnished, and looked out over the garden at the rear. We were given vouchers for a complementary drink in the bar. The buffet breakfast was of a high standard, and even included champagne.If your looking for a nice place to stay near Earls Court or Kensington, this is it.	
Mar 1 2009 	This hotel made business a pleasure everything was perfect	From the welcoming staff to the cleanliness of the rooms, the breakfast and the location, this hotel was excellent in every way.	
Feb 26 2009 	Excellent Value	We stayed here last week, based on the positive reviews that I had read on Tripadvisor. Our experience was excellent. The rooms are newly renovated and very clean and comfortable. They might be on the small side, but I have stayed in smaller in London before. You are probably not going to get much bigger in this price range. The pictures on the website and those posted here are all exactly how it is. A huge plus is the breakfast...there was nothing missing from the buffet, which included 3 different eggs, bacon sausage, potato, grilled tomato, grilled mushrooms, baked beans, breads, croissants, rolls, crackers, cheeses, slices meat, smoked salmon, jams, honey, nutella, 4 fresh juices, cereals with various toppings you could add, fresh sliced fruit, prunes, canned variety of fruits and yogurts. Another perk of this hotel is free WiFi in all the rooms and they have 5 computers with Internet for the use of guests. You will have a very comfortable stay here and it is one block from the Earl's Court Tube, which is on the Picadilly line, 40 minutes from the airport.	
Feb 26 2009 	A very comfortable stay - recommended (if this is a good location for you)	We are big fans of K&amp;K hotels, having stayed in and loved their hotels in Vienna and Paris. This was our first time at the George - we stayed 8 nights in February with their 'Winter Shopping' deal, giving us an executive room with breakfast for 2 for about 135 sterling per night - really good value for London I think.The room was not enormous (in London you have to pay fortunes for big rooms) but spacious enough and very comfortable. Excellent big double bed, we slept well. New widescreen TV. Good bathroom (though a little small).Breakfast was very good and the service from the waitresses was first class - a highlight.Location is good in that it's 3 minutes from the tube station and the Piccadilly and Central/District lines. Close to Kensington and museums but 20 minutes into central London so if you're planning to spend most of your time in the West End/Covent Garden (etc) then this might not be so good. In terms of location, it's in a very quiet street so there's little or no noise or hassle. There are restaurants nearby in Earl's Court Road but nothing spectacular and (be warned!) you'll get nothing after 11 pm except a Big Mac - astonishing for a cosmopolitan city, but we came back from the Opera on Friday night and ended up eating at odious McDonald's because there was, simply, nothing else at 23.15.Anyway - the hotel. Overall a good experience and we can recommend the hotel's comfort and service (reception was pleasant and efficient too, and we were looked after before our arrival too, by email). All fittings and furnishings are new, modern and very tasteful.One problem was the following: our room was 105 (1st floor) and immediately outside the window was one of the spotlights used to illuminate the facade of the hotel. We felt this would not be a problem because, surely, in this 'global warming' day and age, the lights would be switched off? No, only at 7 am. So energy being wasted and a beam of light being directed into an executive room - odd, really, to say the least. And it was not at all easy to adjust the curtains to keep the light out. Will write to the hotel separately about this.	
Jan 14 2009 	A pleasant stay	We stayed 5 nights at the K&amp;K Hotel George and thoroughly enjoyed it. Our room overlooked the charming garden at the rear of the hotel. Although not particularly large, the room was perfectly adequate for our needs and was clean, comfortable, well-maintained and the decoration was in good order. The bathroom had a shower only (no bath), but that suited us and there was a good range of complimentary toiletries which was renewed daily. One slight niggle - the granite floor of the shower cubicle could become rather slippery in use and there's no handrail, so best to be careful. The hotel is well-situated, in a quiet street, very close to Earls Court tube station, just a few minutes walk away. There is a good range of restaurants and local shops nearby too. We found the staff helpful and friendly. The buffet breakfast is very good indeed, with a great variety of both cold and hot food. All in all, a very pleasant stay in a very pleasant hotel.	
Jan 12 2009 	Nice hotelstaffroomand experience	I booked the K+K George through BA Holidays online and got 2 nights in a triple room with breakfast included for about $255.00per night(all taxes,etc. included)...could have had it even quite a bot cheaper had I waited to book,but.... The hotel staff was efficient if a bit stiff(mostly Eastern Europeanladies I recall),but other than that it was a worthwhile stay. Room was not big but held 3 people(2 large adults) well enough. Room was clean and not lacking the amenities. We had free wifi internet access from the room which we took advantage of. Also, at check in we were given a voucher good for 1 free beverage each at the hotel bar!..large selection of foreign,free newspapersawaits near the dining room entrance,but go early to get one.Breakfast was very good and the staff(once again,nearly all eastern European ladies) were very attentive and courteous. Easy access to the hotel from Heathrow on the undergroundto the Earl's Court station. Hotel only a block and 1/2 away fromthe Underground station.Overall, it exceeded my expectations and I would both stay again and recommend this hotel to others.P.S. Only about 2 or 3 street corners from the hotel(on a smalllane..(Hagood lane, I believe) off of Earls Court,there is a very good and reasonably priced French restaurant aply named &quot;the small French restaurant&quot; . WE had the special fixe prix dinner special for 3 persons, and with tax and tip it came to about 55 pounds. The food was superb and worth the slow service. At least the staff didn't rush us out..if you find this place, do eat there!....	
Jan 10 2009 	our favourite London hotel	We've now stayed here 3 times &amp; never been disappointed. We were upgraded this time &amp; can begin to see the benefits of the improvements that were going on throughout 2008. Some renovation work is still going on but it didn't intrude upon our stay at all.The staff are always friendly &amp; solicitous without being obsequious.The rooms are clean, neat &amp; tidy but probably not geared for a long stay.The bar is very comfortable &amp; there is no pressure to buy drinks.The breakfast area can get a bit crowded at the weekend but the staff are efficient at making sure nothing runs short &amp; if it does soon look to replace it.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed for a week. Had a great experience. Got there early and were able to get in our room (we weren't sure if we would be able to). The location was great. Tube station a couple blocks away.Front desk was very helpful. Whenever you called for something it was there in less than 5 minutes.	
Dec 21 2008 	Disappointing	I picked this hotel after seeing the generally positive reviews on Tripadvisor, but either we were unlucky, or the hotel is not exactly of the standard suggested.We arrived at just after 1pm for a 6 night stay and were told that there was no way our room could be ready prior to 2pm as that is the check-in time. As that is their stated time on their website, not too much of a complaint from me.We left our bags in the lobby and went out and returned later. I was assured the bags would be delivered to the room, but after waiting for 30 minutes I went back to the lobby and collected all but two bags myself, and the receptionist apologised saying she had forgotten to send the bags up. One of our bags duly arrived and I had to send the porter back for the second one as he had not been told there were two bags.As stated on other reviews, the rooms are pretty small, but I suppose normal for London.Breakfast was good with a variety of choice. They make a big thing on their website about offering champagne with breakfast. for me, it's a bit of a novelty, but after sampling it on the first day we didn't bother.My biggest complaint is about the room service. As is common in English hotels they provide tea and coffee in the rooms and a kettle. For four nights in a row they did not replenish our supply of tea or milk and I had to go to reception and to the bar to get tea bags and milk. I expect a four star hotel to do better than this!Our room was also not cleaned properly and we returned at 5-30pm one day to find it had not been cleaned at all and the bed was still unmade. I complained to reception and, to be fair, they did send the room service supervisor to my room straight away. She checked the general cleanliness of the room after the maid had visited and she was not happy with it. The location of the hotel is not too bad being around 15 minutes or so from central London on the tube.I have to say that I would not stay here again and I think the hotel is vastly overpriced for the poor quality of service that they give.	
Dec 18 2008 	not bad	We just stayed at the Hotel George for 2 nights and were satisfied.However we were not as lucky as the previous reviewer, we arrived early and I was not feeling well, but we had to wait for our room, even though the hotel was not fully booked.Our room at the back was quiet, but as said rather small, clean and ok beds. But the bathroom was built for ini mini. I am not tall, but no way I fitted in the bath. If you use the toilet, you will flush the toilet when trying to reach for the toiletpaper! Also the hallway is extremely narrow, and if housekeeping are in the corridor, it's completely blocked. Bit scary.The personnel is friendly, they provide bathrobes and slippers if you want to use the sauna.Breakfast elaborate and good. So apart from size, and that's always a problem in London they try to get in too many rooms on 1 floor, a good place to stay in nice neighbourhood, good public transport	
Dec 15 2008 	Loved the Hotel George	This is our second time at the hotel and we had a wonderful experience. The staff is very helpful and pleasant. We arrived way before check-in time, and yet they had a room available to us. As a matter of fact, I believe they upgraded our room to an executive-type suite!This hotel is very close to the tube station in Earl's Court as well, which was very good for us. Also there are tons of great restaurants within walking distance. However, if you want to stay in the hotel for dinner, we recommend the beef fillet. It was excellent.Overall a smashing place! Highly recommended!	
Dec 13 2008 	Very pleasant stay	I had stayed at this hotel before when my company had booked it for me. So when we decided to go to London with my boyfriend, I booked this hotel with no hesitation. There were no disappointments to my stay. The staff was very helpful and kind. They helped with our train tickets to Manchester. Room service was the fastest I've ever experienced. Free internet access on the computers in the lobby is an excellent service, especially in a place like London. Breakfast was very satisfying especially with long hours of service.If you are planning to use the tube heavily, Earl's Court is a great station to have access to different lines and it is only 2 minutes' walking distance. The rooms are very modern and nicely decorated. The only downside is that they are a little bit small. We had booked an executive room and I really wondered what a standard room would look like. Especially the bathroom is quite small. But I guess this also holds true for many London hotels. The exterior of the hotel has a stunning view at nights!I think this hotel is great value for what it has to offer. Don't hesitate...	
Dec 12 2008 	Good Hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights for a city trip.Location is perfect, just 1 minute walk to the Earl's Court tube station.As stated here before, the rooms are a bit (10-20%) smaller than the basic US standard. However, the rooms are very clean and the service of the staff is excellent.The hotel got 5 free computers to use.	
Dec 11 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This was the first time that I had stayed in a hotel in London and I can say that I was happy that I chose this hotel. The hotel staff were fantastic and allowed me to check in early which was good as I was going to a wedding and needed to change.Unfortunately that weekend the circle and district line was down, a real pain if you need to get to Earls Court but reception advised me to take the bus to where I was going which I did.I had read that rooms in London were small and the room was bigger than expected and the bathroom really nice and I had good view of the garden. Breakfast was great, alot of choice and they serve it later on a Sunday. The hotel even looked after my bag as I had to do a Chrismas run before leaving London.The hotel has a gym, spa and a lovely garden but I didn't have the time to explore it all.Earls Court is a good base if you want to explore London, just make sure the circle and district line are working.	
Dec 2 2008 	Loved it!!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in early November 08 after much deliberation as the choice in this part of London was vast. I'm pleased to report that we were not disappointed! The hotel has a very modern feel to it and the rooms have obviously been recently updated. The reception area is uncluttered and clean cut as well as unimposing. There are 2 lifts nearby that whisk you up to the desired floor, where the electronic door key (tricky at first) lets you into the small but perfectly formed room. The room we stayed in on the 3rd floor was contempory in style with an LCD tv and minibar at the end of the bed, pretty views out of the huge windows of the gardens below and gorgeous rich cotton bedding. The bathroom had a walk in shower and stainless steel fittings all of which gave a &quot;quality feel&quot;. As it was November the room was a little chilly at first however the this was easliy rectified with turn of the thermostat dial. It was especially quiet in the room (which we did specify when booking) and comfortable which provided for a good nights sleep.The staff were all polite and helpful and breakfast was of a good standard, a choice of full english or continental was on offer. There were 4 or 5 computers with internet access within the vicinity of the reception which was helpful when planning trips on the tube etc. Earls court tube station was only a 2 minute walk away as was cracking oriental restaurant just opposite the tube.This hotel is an ideal base for sight seeing and for the price we were pleasantly surprised.	
Nov 20 2008 	great location nice hotel	Having stayed at the K+K Cayre in Paris, we decided to try the Hotel George in London. Location is excellent, very easy to access anything in London since the Earl's Court tube station is a minute's walk away. Rooms are very clean and quiet, although of course much smaller than what you'd get in the US. Everything was immaculately made up by the staff, every day. Nice shower, comfortable bedlinens, and modern decor. Breakfast buffet was pretty good, lots of things to choose from. Very capable service, although the coffee tasted like mud! Nice, friendly hotel, excellent value for the price.	
Nov 15 2008 	A very pleasant place to stay	My fiancee and I stayed 3 nights for a short break in London. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel and if anything, it has improved. The room we had, a double on the 4th floor, was spotless on arrival and was kept immaculate throughout our stay by the friendly housekeeping staff. The bathroom had a large shower rather than a bath which we liked. A very important feature for us was the lovely breakfasts. A wide buffet choice is available including a beautifully cooked selection, cereals, juices, etc, etc. Sparkling wine was a novel, though in our case untried, inclusion! Five internet access stations are available free of charge, 1 in the lobby area, 4 on the lower ground floor. Very handy for getting info on what's on and travel options.The hotel itself is set back in a quiet street, away from the busy Earl's Court Road so traffic noise was not an issue. It's convenient for the tube (3 minutes walk) and for many bus routes serving the city centre. Oodles of pubs and eateries, including Thai, Chinese and Indian restaurants, are within a few minutes walk as well as several coffee houses and late-opening convenience stores.Overall, we'd highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay again on our next visit to London.	
Nov 12 2008 	Nice hotel	We got a really nice deal by contacting the hotel directly with a city tour and afternoon tea (although the afternoon tea was really just some tea and cookies). The room was nice and clean and we had a baby but did not have any problem. The staffs were super helpful and the breakfast was nice. Our friends who lives in London also said they will recommend to their friends.	
Nov 12 2008	Might stay again.	This hotel was alright. As an American who had been to London before, the room was quite small as well as the halls and elevators. Upon arriving at the hotel about 9 AM their time, 4 AM our time and after an 8 hour flight, we surprisingly received our room key. But, after getting our luggage onto the elevator and squeezing down the hall, we found our room was in the process of being cleaned but the maid was no where to be found. As we waited the maid did appear and told us we needed to leave.This is when problems started: * When we booked our room, complimentary breakfast was included, so we didn't understand when it wasn't honored. The staff said you never get complimentary breakfast through travelocity and to eat in the hotel was ridiculously over priced.  *Wireless and DSL line internet never worked in the room (which was pretty aggravating when you have carried a laptop across the pond.) *Probably the most RIDICULOUS thing about this hotel is that every time you LEAVE the hotel you HAVE TO LEAVE YOUR KEY AT THE FRONT DESK. This means when you are trying to get back to your room, sometimes you have to wait in line up to 10-15 minutes just to get your room key. RIDICULOUS! *Our phone would not dial out and when I tried to tell the front desk they acted like I had been dialing out the wrong way until they finally sent someone up to fix it. *Beds were tiny and there wasn't even space between them.Even though I had some problems here, I would have to say that the staff was friendly and that the hotel was very clean. The bathroom was very nice and had really neat HEATED FLOORS! It was very close to the Earl's Court Tube stop and some great pubs.	
Nov 5 2008	Excellent Stay	Have just returned from a two night stay in London having been up to see Billy Elliott and the Byzantine Exhibition at the Royal Academy. We stayed for two nights in two rooms at the K+K Hotel George. Lets get the negatives over first, yes the rooms are not large, oh and perhaps I could add that I did not like the ergonomic keyboards on the computers!!The positives, oh where to start! Arrived very early, fast check in, very welcoming. Pointed in direction of complimentary tea’s and coffee, Initial impression suggests a very up to date hotel which is spotlessly clean. Left our luggage and spent rest of the day in and around London. Returned later in the evening, Luggage brought to room for us. Rooms a little on the small side yes, but very modern, extremely clean and very quiet especially at the back of the hotel which overlooks the gardens but be warned, you might just be woken up at around 8 a.m. by the birds singing in the garden!!The buffet style breakfast is available to 11 a.m. There was ample food which would suit most tastes. Staff again very polite and the service was excellent.There are some old fashioned things about this hotel! The complimentary newspapers, free fresh fruit available on the reception, local phone calls are free ringing the states costs 20p per minute, champagne with your breakfast, cleanliness and a sense of peace within the hotel. Internet connections are available in all rooms and it is free! If you do not have a laptop with you there are five terminals you can use without charge.The positive comments made about this hotel are well deserved. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there and would definitely return should we be in London again. If you are looking to stay a little longer than us then one of the bigger rooms would be a good idea. If you are looking for a really good hotel though, this is a really good choice.We booked direct through the hotels website, we could not find a cheaper rate than there.	
Nov 1 2008 	a great stay in a fab hotel	We booked via lastminute.com and the hotel really lived up to expectations and the reviews. We had a triple room for a night which was clean, comfortable and well worth the money. Breakfast was buffet and avail from 6.30 to 11 so lots of flexibility there. It is a few minutes walk from Earls Court which was a perfect base for our 2 days in London. I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 25 2008 	Best Deal I have found in London	At GBP 111 per night plus VAT for a double bedded room, including free WiFi and a full breakfast (with champagne!) I don't think you can beat this hotel.The rooms aren't huge, but they are certainly as large as most hotels in the central area of London which are anywhere close to this price and quality, and you also get the Internet service and breakfast included. The halls are narrow and the elevator creaks and groans, but who cares?!?! The staff are welcoming and friendly and the hotel is spotless.A short walk to the Earl's Court Tube station and the price performance of K+K Hotel George make it the best business deal in London that I have found.	
Oct 24 2008	what a wonderful place	It's a pearl in london-town. quiet, clean, nice rooms with very comfortable beds and bathroom. An excellent breakfast and a very friendly service.	
Oct 23 2008 	Very Nice quiet street and great neighborhood	Let me start my review by stating that the most important things to me in a hotel are the following: (in order of importance)1. cleanliness2. service and amenities3. location4. room sizeWe stayed in this hotel for two days as a stop over on our way to Ireland.This hotel was generally great. Very clean and comfortable. The location is really nice. It's a short walk to Earls Court tube stop and the area is filled with places to eat and shop. The hotel is on a quiet street and consequently very quiet. It has a beautiful garden in the back of the hotel which our room overlooked. I was staying there with my wife and 4 year old child. We had what they called a 'triple' in what was really 3 single beds in a room made for 2 beds. While it was a bit tight in the room, we didn't spend a lot of time in the room so it wasn't a big deal. The bathroom was also very small (even by European standards) but still functional as long as two people did not have to access it at the same time. The staff was very nice and very helpful to us as well. We chose the hotel based on good reviews on Tripadivsor and for the price. All in all it was a really nice stay. Would I stay here again...Definitely. If we were going to stay for a longer time, I would probably prefer a slightly larger room. Pros: Very Clean, great location, good serviceCons: A bit tight even by Euro standards.	
Oct 14 2008 	Quite nice!	The K+K Hotel George is a bit away from downtown but well worth the tube travel which whisks you away so easily and quickly. The room was quite small but very adequate for our stay. The staff was supportive, the facility clean and quiet, and the breakfast buffet excellent. The TripAdvisor ratings are well earned. I would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 12 2008 	Good hotel base in London	We have never stayed in a hotel in this part of London before, imagining that it would be rather rough and noisy. K+K is a gem: tucked away on a quiet square with a restaurant opening onto a garden (not that the weather was good enough on our visit to make use of it). Spacious room, pleasant decor, very comfortable bed. We were able to walk to both the Royal Albert Hall for our evening concert, and to the South Ken museums; and there was a good choice of local restaurants including for late night dining. We travel up to London every couple of months and would definitely add this hotel to our list of regular haunts.	
Oct 10 2008 	A Great Place!!! Met All Our Needs	Top Notch experience from the time you hit the reception desk to check out. Leana on the desk was especially pleasant in every way and this matched by her associates including Erika a new hire trainee. One street away from the traffic, the tube and a variety of restaurants and a nice Foster's pub. As others have mentioned the breakfast was superb with a wide selection of choices. Never did eat in the dining room at night but did enjoy the good pub menu that was fairly priced once you got accustomed to UK prices vs US. Just think of the pound as a dollar and worry about the bill when you get homeL Rooms were recently remodeled, new furnishing, very clean and the baths tiled by excepional craftsmen A head scratcher was the room carpeting that seemed out of place that i was told was selected by a decorator She/he must have been wearing dark glasses and apprenticed decorating garages. Free internet access computers-no extra charges.K+k is an easy choice for my return trip to London	
Oct 10 2008 	Highest Recommendation from an experienced traveler	My partner and I are experienced travelers and it takes a lot for us to view a hotel as EXCELLENT, but this is one time we have no hesitation. Without repeating the details from the many previous reviews, we found this experience outstanding. The hotel is lovely, very well located, (although not in one of the pricey, &quot;posh&quot; neighborhoods), spacious, very clean, and with an outstanding range of services, (internet access, wonderful garden, sumptious breakfast, etc). It;s not Claridges or the Mandarin Oriental, of course, but value for cost was excellent.The booking process, which we did directly with the hotel, was smooth and they were very kind in responding to a confirmation we sent a few days before arrival. The staff was very friendly, (though some were not particularly English proficient), and handled many extra details for us - booking a car and driver, making dinner reservations, and so forth - very happily.One recommendation for visitors: We arrived at the hotel, from San Francisco, at a very early 6:45am. The hotel is popular, and check-out time is noon, so the normal check-in time is 2pm. While they made every effort to get us into our room early, it was nearly 1 before the room was ready and - after attempts at sighseeing to kill the time - we just about passed out in the beautiful garden! If within your budget, you may wish to book the room for the night prior to an early arrival.Overall, an exceptional stay and - frankly - well beyond our expectation!	
Aug 25 2008 	Breakfast - wow!!!	My husband and I spent a night here to celebrate his 30th birthday - I booked a few weeks earlier and got a fantastic deal on the hotel website and ended up paying less than £130 for the room and breakfast - which was much less than half price.The location of the hotel is great - just around the corner from Earls Court Tube Station in Kensington and not far from the Kings Road (great for shopping and lunching), Kensington High Street (good for dining in the evening) and the Natural History and Science musuems.The hotel is very swanky - particularly in the communal areas. The bar is lovely with huge comfortable sofas and there is a very pretty garden too. The only drawback with our stay was that there was building work going on. The whole hotel was covered in scaffolding and the workmen started early - I'm sure this wouldn't have bothered us usually but unfortunately they were right outside out window and were banging quite a lot from about 8.30 onwards.The best bit about the stay at the hotel is the fantastic buffet breakfast (if this is not included in your package it is really worth paying extra for). There was a huge amount to choose from - fruit, yoghurts, cold meats and cheeses, croissants, pain au chocolats, other danish pastries, as well as toast and all the ingredients for a full English - the bacon and hash browns were particularly good. The highlight was the champagne to accompany it all! We stayed in the breakfast room for well over an hour and unfortunately showed very little control over the buffet and were completely stuffed!	
Aug 10 2008	loved this hotel!	we loved this hotel!! Just a block away from the rail station and really modern and clean! The staff was super friendly and helped book events for us. We got a great deal, mid week special through expedia and paid $200 which didn't include the breakfast (which is 19 pounds each person). But there are a ton of restaurants near by (italien, pubs, burger and asian) that had options. Loved this place!	
Jul 29 2008 	Not quite excellent.	We used the K+K Hotel George for a two night stay when visiting the Chelsea Flower Show. It is conveniently located just five minutes walk from Earls Court Tube Station, which is just three stops from Sloane Square and four from Victoria.This 4* hotel is situated on an attractive quiet street, which runs parallel to the bustling Earls Court Road, where there is plenty of choice of good restaurants for your evening meal.In addition to its location this hotel's unique selling points are its attractive lawned garden and the buffet breakfasts (in the dining room which overlooks the garden). There is certainly lots of choice for breakfast including a good variety of hot and cold food and Champagne! Tea and coffee are served at your table by the friendly and efficient staff. A slight criticism is that the buffet table got a little congested at times.The room was clean , bright and well equipped but, as in most London Hotels, space was a little limited. I had a problem in the very modern shower room when the shower failed to drain. To the credit of the hotel's maintenance staff, the fault was rectified even at this unsocial hour, before we returned from our evening meal. The hotel was also addressing another problem in that the lifts are only small and overworked. They were in the midst of an upgrade but this meant that one of the three was out of action during our stay. Hopefully this issue is now resolved.A useful facility is the internet access provided from five computers provided complely free of charge for use by the guests throughout their stay. However, a little flexibility on the hotel's 2.00 p.m. check-in policy would make the reception staff appear more customer friendly.Overall it would not take much more for the K+K George Hotel to achieve a score of excellent.	
Jul 28 2008 	Loved the K+K Hotel George	This hotel definitely lived up to my expectations. I am very particular about the cleanliness and overall feel of hotels. I research them for a very long time and worry about it until I get there. But I needn't have worried about k+k Hotel George. Although there was some scaffolding on the outside, the inside is untouched. The lobby was spotless and very stylishly decorated and we did not hear any construction noise while we were there.We are a family of four ( I called them about it and she told me to indicate this on my reservation so they could give me a bigger room). When we checked in the lady at the desk told me that they had upgraded me to an executive room. The room was very clean, stylishly decorated and large enough to accomodate one King sized bed and 2 twin sized beds. It was perfect. The bathroom was on the smallish side but adequate for our needs and very clean.Our room rate pf 175 pounds including VAT included a buffet breakfast for all 4 of us.... and what a breakfast... It was a full English Breakfast(if you wanted it) but there were also tons of cereals, breads, smoked salmon and cheeses...It was fantastic.I cannot end this review without mentioning how great the location of the hotel is. I had apprehensions because I have always thought Earl's Court was far away. But it was only a 2 minute walk to the tube. and once you are in the tube you can go anywhere in less than 10 minutes. So location was great...I definitely would go back to this hotel....	
Jul 26 2008 	Fantastic Choice - Totally Happy	We stayed at the K+K George London this past week for 5 nights. We are a family of 5 (kids ages 18, 15, and 13). We had two rooms at the K+K. One double and one triple. The rooms were small (expected in London) but very clean, nice bathroom, free internet (kids loved that!). The hotel could not be located in a better area to get to virtually everything. The tube at Earl's Court station was a 2 minute walk. You could connect with every line, but the key was that the 2 lines available at Earl's Court (District and Picadilly) allowed you to get to all of the West End shows or to the sights along the river (like the Tower of London, or Westminster area, etc.). We purchased a week travel pass which was totally the way to go since we used the tube multiple times per day. Back to the hotel. The lobby was lovely, the staff helpful and friendly. There is a nice bar area as well. The star of the show was the breakfast room and the back yard garden. It was an area of total quiet, rest, and relaxation within a &quot;crazy&quot; city that never sleeps! The hotel is on a quiet side street and was wonderful to look forward to going to after a busy day of sightseeing. Each day we were up early, had a fantastic full English breakfast at the hotel then were off to our various sites and activities. We would return to the hotel typically about 5PM, take a rest for 90 minutes, clean up a bit, then off to the West End for a show (4 of the 5 nights). Each day ended falling out back at the K+K about 1130 or midnight.I would suggest this wonderful spot for anyone who cares about location, quiet and rest, great garden, great breakfast, but who is not concerned about a very big room (we virtually slept in the room, so only being clean and quiet were required by us).	
Jul 26 2008 	Great stay at the George	My wife and I stayed at the George as part of her !!th birthday celebrations as I'd arranged trips to places she wanted to visit. I booked the Hotel on the strength of Tripadvisor reports and we weren't let down. The general appearance of the hotel is one of relaxed comfort. The facade was being done up while we were there and the garden was having a sprinkler system fitted, but this just showed to us that here was a hotel that wasn't standing still and wanted to improve. and although we had a room on the front there was no real disturbance during our stay.The hotel is only 2 minutes from Earl’s Court tube station which is on the District Line and thus makes most of the tourist parts of London easy to reach.The rooms are a little on the small side and the bathroom was compact and without a bath, but why would you want to stay in your room if you're visiting London, especially when there is the garden to sit in. The beds were comfortable and we had everything we needed. We booked directly with the hotel and had the Summer Special which meant we had breakfast included and a free glass of Pimms and bowl of strawberries for each of us for less than £62 per person per night. The staff were very friendly and helpful when needed, but unobtrusive at other times. All-in-all I would heartily recommend this Hotel unless you plan to spend all day in your room or you want a big bath to relax in.	
Jul 8 2008 	Fabulous no early check in	Great hotel, our room, # 327, was large, and the bathroom had granite countertops and shower. I faced the street and loved it. I had two large four foot double windows that opened like french doors and it kept the room cool and it was great to sleep with fresh air. I stayed there from June - July 2008. Don't miss the shelf underneath the sink, also granite. You can store all necessary toiletries. The room closet was large and we had two twin beds that were pushed together. Also there was a chair, desk, TV, and bureau containing a fridge and tea service. You can not beat the location. The breakfast was really good. We had fresh fruit and croisants with nutella. There is a lot on the buffet and you are served tea or coffee every morning. I booked through Delta vacations and got a super low rate for the trip and hotel.  The only negative is you can NOT get in your room early!!! I flew overnight and arrived at 7am, checked my luggage and requested to get in the room early. I went out and returned for my room at 1 pm. NO WAY. It was not ready until 3:30 p.m. I recommend the London pass and the Dot 2 Dot transfer. I flew into Gatwick because Heathrow is a horrible airport. With dot2dot you don't have to worry about your luggage and it was only 24 gbp each way. The driver was there 20 minutes early to pick me up at 5am on my departure. The London Pass gets you in without waiting in line. There are so many 2 for 1 meal deals. We has high tea for two at Kennsington Palace for 20 gbp. Every vendor accepted it. It saved me t least $300.00 US.Go to London, What a fantastic vacation!!! I was so sad to leave. We saw &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; because it is not playing in the states.	
Jul 7 2008	Fabulous Great Hotel	This hotel was fabulous, we loved it and will def. be booking it again when we return to London next year. Brill location, brill rooms, brill breakfast, and fantastic staff ... very very helpful. What a GEM ... very highly recommended.	
Jul 4 2008 	Convenient and Perfect for Us	My daughter, my niece and I spent eight nights at the K&amp;K Hotel George in May. Our experience was great. We had a triple room on the 5th floor overlooking the garden. The room was not large, but we were quite comfortable. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating. I'm chuckling at the review below about the size of the bathroom - it was amazingly small, but very efficient and even with eight days worth of hair care products and cosmetics for two teenage girls we had enough room.The breakfast buffet, which was included in our room cost, had lots of variety, and was a great way to start the day.The free wireless internet service in the room and the internet lounge in the lobby were excellent amenities.We've had prior experience with the K&amp;K Hotels in Vienna and feel this small chain of hotels is reliable, clean and pleasant, and we would definitely stay here the next time we are in London.One other thing - about the location - we felt it was extremely convenient -we took the tube from Heathrow and then a two minute walk to the hotel (and this tube station has lifts with no need for stairs - important when you are toting a lot of luggage!). Also the Earl's Court Tube Station, since it is on several lines, made travel around the city extremely easy. We also felt the nieghborhood was quite safe and had lots of conveniences like grocery stores, a bakery and several restaurants in very easy walking distance.	
Jul 4 2008 	Somewhere between average and 'okay'	My friend and I stayed here for a week in June and unfortunately, the hotel did not quite live up to my expectations.I really wanted to love this hotel - especially considering how costly it was (my fault for booking during Wimbledon, I guess). Here's an overview:Good- Style: contemporary and chic interiors complimented the old London architecture of the exterior- Food: great bar food (pricy, of course) and delicious breakfast service- Garden: hidden gem in london; it was great being able to unwind in the back with a drink at night- Location: it's a bit out of the way (not much to walk to in the area) but this part of Kensington is very leafy and fairly quiet. Bad- Desk Staff: hit-and-miss. I was repeatedly given incorrect information from front desk and no one was overly friendly. The men working the desk at night were especially abrupt and indifferent.- Bar Staff: I only ever noticed two men working at the bar. Neither of them ever smiled or greeted me politely. Sad.- Rooms: would be nicer if they were bigger, especially given the price for them. The bathrooms are so tiny!- Beds: ridiculously firm and uncomfortable mattresses (bedding was nice, though)OverallNext time I come to London, I will definitely shop around; I don't feel the service I received justifies the rates I paid. I should have expected this though - I sent an email requesting concierge information 3 weeks prior to arrival and never received a response. This is a nice place - small and chic, but it's not staffed as well as it should be.	
Jun 27 2008 	Smallest bathroom in London?	We have just returned from three nights at the K&amp;K St George. Upon arrivival we were 'upgraded' to an executive room on the first floor and anticipated something quite special. On the contary, the room was modest in size and the bathroom (without a bath) was possibly the smallest I have ever seen. Smaller even than University Halls of Residence. You had to squeeze down the side of the loo to be able to shut the door. Lying in bed you could hear the TV in the next door bedroom and the loose floorboards outside the room creaked loudly when anyone passed by. In addition to this, the garden, an oasis of calm normally I am sure, was subject to all the obvious noises of the next door building site. In general the staff were all charming and efficient. Breakfast was satisfactory with all the usual choices but some offerings were pretty cold by the time they reached a plate. This hotel is very convenient for the Earls Court Exhibition venue and the nearest underground is only a couple of minutes away. However, Earls Court Road is not the most attractive of London areas and you may need to travel further afield for evening activities.	
Jun 16 2008 	What a find - couldn't have asked for better	After careful consideration and helped by the already very positive reviews on this site I booked the K+K Hotel George for a two night break for my sister, her friend and myself at the end of May. What a find - couldn't have asked for better. The hotel from the minute we set foot in it had a lovely feel and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. I had already emailed the hotel to advise that we would arrive before check-in and asked if it would be possible to store our bags. On arrival this proved to be no problem and check-in was seamless and efficient. The rooms as indicated on previous reviews may have been small by some standards but not that small that three girls sharing didn't have enough space. The room was fully equipped with TV, mini bar, tea making facilities and safe. The bathroom was small but was spotlessly clean and fully equipped with hairdryer, toileteries, an excellent shower and lovely clean white towels. However, the hightlight for us had to be the breakfast. Everything you could possibly want to get the day off to a great start. Having stayed in London before I was mindful of the fact that in larger establishments it can sometimes be a free for all when it comes to getting breakfast. I have even seen myself having to queue to get a plate! This was not the case with the K+K. Everything was fresh and constantly replenished with the glass of bubbly a nice touch for those who wanted to avail of it. My advice is to book direct with the hotel where the room rate is comparable to many other web sites but includes breakfast. For London the K+K proved to be excellent value for money. The hidden gem of this hotel has got to be the garden. We were able to sit in the garden after a hard day's shopping and it was almost possibly to forget that you were actually in London. The fact that the hotel was within a few minutes walk of Earl's Court Tube station was also an added bonus especially after a long day in the shops or when coming home late in the evening. For anyone travelling from Heathrow, as we did, it proved to be an excellent location - right on the Piccadilly Line. Our weekend was a birthday celebration for my sister and all and all I can say that the K+K Hotel George helped to make it something special. We hope in future to make this an annual trip and would have not hesitation in booking the K+K Hotel George again next year. In fact I was so impressed with the K+K in London that I have booked to stay in their sister hotel in Paris at the beginning of August. Top marks to the K+K Hotel George - we will be back.	
May 30 2008 	Enjoyed the hotel...great location	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in May of 2008. It was located near an underground station which was very convienient when going to see the rest of the city. The room was nice..small compared to United States rooms. Overall good hotel and great experience. Would return again when in London.	
May 27 2008	great garden	The beautyful victorian style hotel is amazing.The hotel keeps a hidden treasure in the backyard ... it is a really great garden!!! I miss the accurate words for it. If you happen to be close to South Kensington, you must come and see it, as it is unknown to the public.The next tube station is just 2 min by walk and has direct links to Heathrow, Victoria Station and the City center.I haven't seen a comparable breakfast in a 4 star hotel before. Big bonus for 'late comers': it is served until 11 o'clock.	
May 24 2008 	Great and safe location with tube access!	I'm totally late on writing this review but I wanted to let everyone know about the experience we had traveling to K+K. First, I was very reluctant and scared about finding a place in London. Traveling to a foreign country and not knowing anything about London I researched day and night on hotels in London. My husband and I traveled to London as part of our honeymoon with the first stop being K+K Hotel George. I was very leery and read many reviews on tripadvisor but upon our arrival, I was very pleased. I'm very picky with the places I stay at and this was not one that disappointed. The only downfall about the hotel was the very small room (which we were barely in). This was not a big deal at all. The neighborhood, Earl's Court, where the hotel was in was not busy at all and had quick access to the tube (1 block away). The breakfast was different from what we're used to in the states (ie. baked beans, weird bacon, cookies). It's not a chicken fried steak and eggs breakfast.Overall, it was different but not bad at all. There is a desktop in the lobby available for use and wireless available throughout the hotel. The hotel is also close to &quot;Manila&quot; Town with a variety of filipino grocery stores and restaurants. One of our favorite places to eat was Zizzi's, an italian restaurant - by far, the best place we ate our whole trip there.If you don't mind having a small room, this hotel is perfect and we would definitely stay here again!	
May 20 2008 	Even Better than I Expected -- Excellent Property!	Apologies for this very long review, but I agonized over which hotel to choose, and literally researched London hotels for a month before finally settling on the K+K Hotel George. I am thrilled to say that I was NOT ONCE disappointed! Thanks to the wonderful job of TripAdvisor's many members, I was able to make a very informed decision. My sister and I have each posted a review now - hers from the perspective of a 1st time London visitor (see &quot;ShaySister&quot;). My review is from the perspective of a travel-savvy (jaded &amp; weary...) guest.It took me a month to decide because I was looking for the following:1) Great tube access, assuring I could get anywhere, whenever I needed to2) Safe neighborhood, so that I could wander with my sister without concern3) Clean, comfortable accommodations, so that when we finally got back for the night, we were comfortable and able to rest for the next day's adventures4) Assurance that if any emergency were to arise (lost luggage, lost passport, etc.) there would be staff nearby to help. BA was kind enough to lose all of my luggage last year, so this is something I never take for granted. Rental flats and B&amp;B's simply can't help you!5) Conveniences that I would consider &quot;basic&quot; - yet these are so hard to find, especially in London -- a hotel with a restaurant/bar (in case I was not feeling up to &quot;going out&quot;), a refrigerator to store my massive quantities of water or a few small items for breakfast, a hot pot, with both Coffee and Tea to start/end our day, an adequate blow dryer, and best of all - free internet. K+K delivered all of this and more. 6) A price that gave me everything I just laid out above, without making me feel like I was a victim of highway robbery!I found it all at the K+K Hotel George, and I would gladly stay there again, anytime, whether it was for fun or for business.After staying there 8 days, I thought I should comment on some of the things that stood out to me in other reviewer's comments, and also just some other impressions/general comments.Room sizeI am American, and while I am used to gigantic rooms, in the US, I have only once had a big room in Europe (and it wasn't 1/2 as nice as the K+K Hotel George - it was dirty, and shabby and musty). K+K's room was sparkling, in great working order. It felt looked and smelled clean. Not to mention the windows *actually open* (we don't get that in the US due to excessive litigation...) so this really helped as well. As far as size goes, - the basic rooms are very small (tight for two people) however it is definitely work paying for a Superior as we did, so you have the opportunity for a larger room, possibly with Garden view. (We experienced both because we requested to move to a room with a tub... all that walking every day meant soaking was a much appreciated amenity - more important than a larger room!). That said one really important thing to mention is this... it was obvious to me that very large people would find it difficult to fit in the bathroom, let alone close the door behind them. I am 5'4&quot; and 115 lbs, and I thought it was pretty tight... so if you are over 200 lbs, you might want to consider a Marriott or some other American chain. As I stated, it wasn't so bad for us, but I would be very sad for anyone that found they literally couldn't fit into the bathroom and had to check out and find another hotel. That would be a very unpleasant thing.BreakfastI have never seen so many negative comments (other K+K Reviews) about breakfast! Wow. Well we're all aware that the dollar is incredibly weak, so we could all complain about the cost of the room, cost of breakfast, cost of beer, cost of water. It is what it is - if you want to go to the UK, be prepared to pay 2x what you are comfortable with. The dollar is a real bummer right now! That said we did have breakfast one AM and it was VERY impressive. Huge number of choices, great quality. By far the nicest buffet I've seen in Europe. So if you want a treat, have the breakfast overlooking the beautiful garden - and get your day started out right! Oh, we did eat dinner there one night (too tired to wander to a restaurant). We just had a salad, cheese plate, etc. I was very happy with the quality overall.StaffThere were some comments on Trip Advisor several months ago that were not very positive -- perhaps the hotel read these and revamped, because literally everyone I came into contact with, from the front desk, to the lounge, to the houskeepers, were absolutely pleasant, willing to help, and completely professional. Everyone spoke perfect English, I was always able to get excellent directions in/around London (i.e. when meeting up with a Tour Company this is important...). I was seriously impressed.Conveniences NearbyIt is true! Starbucks, literally around the corner! We were in a huge rush to get our day started every day, so usually it was easier for us to pop in for a muffin and for a to go coffee, so we popped in there, and then were quickly on the tube and on our way to our next adventure. Other nights, we stopped in for snacks at Saintsburys or Marks + Spence. Other alternatives nearby - several popular pubs and restaurants. We really enjoyed the Earls' Court Tavern (great food), and there are also local chains right there - Nandos, a Gourmet Hamburger restaurant, KFCs, etc. What I learned after staying for 8 days is that everything we wanted to visit was sprawled out all over London. Because of this, I realized that we couldn't have had a much better location, as the hotel is smack in the middle of the best Underground lines (Central, District, etc.). Had we stayed in a more central location, we would have spent at least $100 more every day and still have had the same amount of tubing! Another reviewer (THANKS) advised ordering a prepaid Oyster Card - and boy was he right. While we never got around to using it on the bus, we used it on the tube every day. We were able to wander straight onto the Picadilly line from Heathrow T5, and we didn't have to top it off until the 5th day (and that was with a prepay of 15 pounds, and lots of tube runs). Go to visitlondon.com to order as you need the physical card (it is like a credit card) before you leave. This goes without saying but the Underground is a lifesaver for anyone on a budget - I used to always take the Black Cabs but the poor USD turned that into a &quot;memory&quot; rather than a current way of life.Wrapping this up as I know this is long (but hope it is helpful). I would stay at the K+K anywhere, after this great experience. Thanks to the staff for making my trip perfect from beginning to end!	
May 19 2008	K 	Nice, quiet, Austrian-owned hotel chain. Staff was polite and professional. Beds extra-firm., Close to tube station. Only complaints: not enough English television stations (but you're not supposed to watch TV on vacation anyway, right?), and although the breakfast is good, it's exactly the same every day.	
May 18 2008 	Nice hotel great style service. Odd beds.	This was a nice hotel for the money. My wife and I stayed there about five nights while I was in London for a conference.The hotel was affordable -- espeically for American travellers in this time of the low dollar -- with a lot of style, good service, a great morning breakfast buffet, awsome location about two blocks from the Earls Court tube, lots of places to eat.The room was small, but redeemed itself in many ways with great details, including heated marble flooring in the bath, and it was very well laid out to maximize space, considering the size.But the beds were incredibly hard -- almost so hard that you could wake up sore if you slept on your side. The hotel was nice in so many ways, but if you are a sensitive sleeper, you might think twice about staying here. If you are OK with an extremely hard mattress you will love this hotel.Great place, location. Affordable. Clean. Good service. Very hard beds. Four stars.	
May 17 2008 	Great Location Great Staff	This was my first trip to London and I'm a travel novice. My sister booked the hotel after seeing the reviews on Tripadvisor. We stayed 8 nights. We took the tube from Heathrow and it was surprisingly easy. The hotel is 3 minutes away from the tube station. The area felt safe and there were many restaurants and markets within minutes of the hotel. I slept very well, the linens were fabulous and the room, though small, was very clean. Our room faced the garden and the view was lovely, just what I imagined London would be. We did end up changing our room after the 2nd night but this was not because of any problem with the room. Most of the rooms come with a very nice shower but I found that after a day of sightseeing I really needed a tub to soak in. The front staff very kindly moved us to one of the few rooms with a bath and it was heaven. We did eat breakfast there one day and it was very good, but pricey. Our room had a fridge so we found it easier to bring in some small items from the nearby market. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
May 12 2008 	Lovely Continental-style boutique hotel	We had two rooms - one double, one triple - and, despite all the reviews that warn of &quot;small rooms&quot;, I would think that only American visitors used to larger rooms might be disappointed. I found the rooms to be a very decent size; both of ours were spotless and overlooked the hotel's delightful garden (which we were able to enjoy on an unseasonably hot May weekend). For our purposes (attending an event at Earls Court), the venue couldn't have been more ideally located. But the K+K is a two-minute walk away from the tube station, which is serviced by the Piccadilly, Circle and District lines; it's a 10-minute journey to the West End, and would therefore also be ideally suited for tourists. I booked with hotels.com, but wish I'd booked directly with K+K - I would have received the same good rate plus had breakfast included. Three of us opted to treat ourselves to the hotel's breakfast in any case (the other two went to Starbucks around the corner) - and I can confirm it was as excellent as all the reviews suggest. I give the hotel top marks for all the following reasons: location, friendliness of staff, convenient onsite car park, ambience (it has a European feel to it), cleanliness, amenities (both in the rooms and the hotel itself). I can't think of anything negative, or even neutral, to say. Great hotel.	
May 12 2008 	Outstanding value and location	This is an excellent hotel for a family trip to London. It is located in Kensington (Earls Court tube station is two minutes away), very easy to get to by tube from Heathrow, and explore the city from. Service is great, staff is very attentive; there is free internet room downstairs for people who dont bring their own laptops. Nice breakfast bar really helps one to start the day. There is plenty of little ethnic restaurants nearby as well, and Kensington Gardens in 20 min walk away. Among (minor) negatives - during our stay only one of the property elevators was functional, which was a bit annoying. And the fan of the built-in ac/heater in our unit was a bit noisy at night (Triple room #422 -which had a view of their beautiful courtyard). The room (including bathroom) is small, but clean and had all the amenities one would need. Bottom line - we enjoyed our stay, found the hotel a very good value for London, and intend to explore the chain's other properties in Germany, Austria and Switzerland in the years to come. We found the best way to get a good rate is to contact the hotel directly and book couple of months in advance. And ask for breakfast to be included in the rate - you will not regret it.	
May 6 2008 	Perfect Choice!	Just spent 3 nights and was 100% pleased. Room was small, but comfortable, which is amazing considering the size of London hotel rooms, and we had 3 twin beds. Nice bathroom, very clean hotel overall, lovely courtyard garden area, sauna, exercise room, elevators, restaurant and bar on premises.Pricey, but worth it. One-two blocks from Starbucks, groceries, several restaurants and pubs and the London Tube. Travelers who are sightseeing in London need not be afraid of being a bit out of the city in Earls Court area, as the Underground is SO close and easy to use.Staff were very helpful and pleasant, and I would definitely return again.	
May 5 2008 	Great landing place in London	A friend and I shared a twin room--two twin beds. The room was small relative to American hotels but it was neat and clean and the bathroom was modern and spotless. The location was fantastic--in West London so reasonably priced plus a two-minute walk from the Earls Court tube station, a transfer station. There are also restaurants, pubs and a convenience store nearby. The street has other hotels but it's very quiet at night. It's a very modern hotel with a mostly European clientele. The buffet breakfast was delicious and plentiful. It was too cold to sit out in the garden off the breakfast room but it looked very pretty. All in all, a great rate and a great hotel for a stay in London. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 2 2008	Staed again ... loved it again!	I already waxed lyrical about this hotel. Styed here 5 weeks in 2006 and my wife and me have just been back for another week. The rooms are very comfortable (maybe not huge, but bigger than London average!) and the bathrooms are top notch. The breakfast buffet is wonderful.I was just sad to see the business centre having been sacrificed for another conference room. The business centre was great, but since I was the only one ever using it, I can see their point.We will deinitely come back and stay ... this is our London home!	
May 1 2008 	Loved It!	My mother and I stayed here for a week. It was great! The hotel is very clean, and all the appliances in the room worked. The bathroom was very nice and the beds were VERY comfortable! We slept better in the hotel beds than in our beds back at home. I came to the hotel with a back in pain, but after one night there, my back didn't hurt anymore.Each room has a cable for free Internet, which came in handy to use with our laptop. If you don't have a laptop, they have an Internet lounge downstairs for free as well. There are only 5 computers, but the times I have been there, there was always at least one computer available.The location of the hotel was also great. There is a Tube station only a minute away! If you're staying in London, there's no doubt you'll use the London Underground as your main source of transportation. The Earl's Court station is only a minute away from the hotel by foot! It's part of the Picadilly and District LInes. If you are arriving in Heathrow Airport, the Picadilly Line will take you straight to Earl's Court! Very convenient!The hotel staff was very kind and was not hesitant to help us with our problems!One thing was that breakfast was not included in our package, because we booked with Travelocity. If we had wanted to buy breakfast there, it would be 14 pounds. That's pretty expensive, so we bought breakfast elsewhere.Overall, it was a really great stay! I'd definitely recommend it to anyone!	
Apr 15 2008 	Perfect location loved the breakfast	I was staying at the George for a week and it was a flawless experience. The hotel is perfectly situated maybe a 100 meters from the Earl's Court tube station, but in a quiet street. It has a beautiful backyard, although it was still to cold to enjoy a drink at the tables outside.The rooms, although small (London), have everything you need: TV, safe, FREE internet (Big plus!), a comfortable bed and a functional bathroom. The only thing I did miss were soap holders in the bath/shower and by the lavatory.The staff were all very helpful and kind.The breakfast was maybe the best part! It had a rich choice of really good food: from fruits, yogurts and flakes for a light breakfast to sasuages, eggs, bacon, beans etc. for a rich english breakfast just the way I like it. It also had champagne!All in all, a perfect experience - will be returning here!	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Hotel	Great location and hotel. Despite the fact that you are yards from Earls Court Road there is no noise and a very pleasent garden. The staff are all very helpfull and the hotel has a great quality feel. The rooms seem small at first but they are fine and again have a good quality finish. We will stay again!	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Choice for American Tourists	I am familiar with K+K properties in Prague, Munich, Paris and now London and I must say that overall, you can't go wrong with K+K. Though the George may not be considered &quot;centrally located&quot; in London by some, however, you are minutes from the Earl's Court tube stop which offers connections to all parts of London via the Picadilly, District and Circle lines.K+K is an excellent choice for someone looking for a mid-range hotel with the amenities of American Hotels. Rooms are modern, and are much larger than many European hotel rooms. You would never expect the interior of the hotels to be as modern as they are as the facade keeps the traditional look of the local neighborhood where they are located.All K+K's are known for their extensive breakfast buffet featuring a variety of hot and cold American and international selections. Champagne is included with the breakfast.If you prefer a more traditional Victorian hotel, you probably wouldn't be happy with K+K. For the masses of American tourists in London looking for a modern American like hotel room and ammenities, this is a great choice.	
Mar 26 2008 	Loved the K+K Hotel George (again)	We just returned from our 2 1/2 week vacation in London and other areas in England and loved staying the K+K Hotel George. The management is superior and the staff is both friendly and efficient. Everyone greeted us with warm &quot;hellos&quot; and &quot;good mornings&quot; and we felt right at home. We've always have good experiences at the K+K and have stayed there many times in the past. The breakfast buffet is incredible and has everything you could want and more. The breakfast room overlooks a garden/backyard area so we enjoyed a relaxing view while we ate. The restuarant/bar also has excellent food. The rooms and bathrooms are spotlessly clean and very comfortable. We also loved the free coffee that the staff puts out in the lobby in the morning - very homey. The hotel also provides free local newspapers that you can enjoy during breakfast. All and all our stay was fantastic and we would visit again and again!	
Mar 22 2008 	Great Stay at the K	After reading the many good reviews of the K&amp;K George on Tripadvisor, I booked a triple room for myself, my husband and our son (age 21) for 8 nights. The location was extremely easy to get to from the Earl's Court Tube (maybe a 5 minute walk). The reception area was nice and even though we arrived at 7:30ish in the morning, I checked in and they allowed us to leave our luggage with them for the day until we stopped back in the afternoon to get into our room.The room keys are a little funky (bulky, heavy pastic electronic device) that you press against the door knob to open your room's door. I had never had a hotel room &quot;key&quot; like this before. Also, they could only give us 1 key for all 3 of us, so if we wanted to split up for the day, we had to drop off our key at the front desk and whoever got back to the hotel first would have to pick it up to get into the room.Our room (though typical of European hotels) was a bit small - but was completely adequate for 3 people, 2 twin beds pushed together and a sofa bed that was opened and already set up for us. The room temperature was often quite warm - so we opened up the windows to let some air in. The bathroom was big and clean, large shower, plenty of towels and shampoos, etc. to use. (No conditioner though (if you use it).We used the room's free high speed wireless connection with our laptop which came in handy to look up addresses to places we wanted to visit. We also sent pictures to family and friends back at home from some of our adventures.The room we had faced the front of the building (Templeton Pl.) and we did notice some street noise and some construction noise - but nothing that was too bad. We had a tea/coffee maker in the room which was nice after a long day of sightseeing.The breakfast buffet was included with our room price (it's 14.99 pounds if you pay separately - not worth this much!) It was nice, but not too creative. Every day, it had the typical croissants and small pasteries, as well as fruit salad and fresh fruits, juices, scrambled eggs (tasted bland - maybe powdered eggs?) bacon, cumberland sausages, cereals and milk, potato nuggets, breads, and a lot of european type breakfast items, i.e. baked beans, deli meats and cheeses, mushrooms and tomates, etc. All in all - I stuck with croissants and Nutella with coffee. It was a nice quiet area to sit in, hostess seats you and brings your drinks.The K&amp;K staff was pleasant and helpful. Check in and check out was easy. Close by: Nice little bakery, McDonalds, KFC, several restaurants, small grocery store, a quickie mart, a post office, the Earl's Court Tube Station.All in all - a great choice for us, and we would definitely stay here again when visiting London.	
Mar 20 2008 	Not Good	This hotel was used as a lay-over for one night before a flight back to the US. We had three people in a room and I kid you not the additional &quot;bed&quot; and I use that term loosely was about 2ft by 5ft. They had to be laughing the whole time. It gets better, they needed additional time to &quot;set-up&quot; the room which took about 15 minutes. In the meantime they offer the bar area so I went into the bar and order a martini, needless to say they had trouble following those instructions and presented a half full glass at a full London hotel price, ouch! The room was small and bathroom appeared to be missing the other half of the glass panel in the shower stall (they told me this is how all of them were designed) so while you used the shower all the water seeped out into the other part of the bathroom. The entire staff seems to have started working there yesterday and looking for other employment today, so any request for assistance fell on deaf ears. In defense of this hotel, it is a great location, clean and if you don't request a triple, I probably would have overlooked the other shortcomings. Also I have stayed at the K&amp;K in Paris and found that to be an exceptional hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	Good value	My husband and I stayed at the K&amp;K Hotel George March 6-10 for a no-kids getaway. We liked the quiet location on a pretty residential street, not far from Holland Park. Earl's Court tube stop is on the Picadilly, District and Circle Lines, so you can get most anywhere very easily. I actually preferred this location to the hotel we stayed in near the Knightsbridge station last year, even though we could walk to some sights and shops from that location.Breakfast is big, allowing us to skip lunch everyday and keep sightseeing until teatime or pubtime in the early evening. Staff was friendly, always willing but not always able to help. The rooms are tiny, but very clean and have everything you need--lovely view of the pretty garden which was already in bloom in early March. Walls are too thin, though, and we could hear our neighbors next door on one occasion.	
Feb 29 2008 	Well nothing to complain about	Stayed there for a couple of nights with my family. I wanted something flawless....and I got it. Excellent location, warm welcome, rooms are quiet even on the street side. They have 3 beds bedrooms, which is very convenient and allows to save money when you need to accomodate 5 persons as I did. Hotel in London are really expensive, so is that one but at least, you get what you pay for.	
Feb 24 2008 	Clean and very quiet	Two of us stayed here in February for 2 nights. The staff were very helpful as on arrival they had allocated a double bedded room and we wished for twin beds. They allowed us to look in 3 or 4 other rooms and practically choose. The room we ended up with was quiet and fairly spacious. The bathroom was tiny but spotlessly clean. The hotel offers free Internet access with PCs you can use down in the basement. This is really helpful.The breakfast was of excellent standard and we even sampled the sparkling wine on day number 2! The location is good too, very close to the tube station and within walking distance of Earls Court Exhibition centre. Even though the hotel is in the centre of London it was very quiet and felt tranquil, just what we needed!!	
Feb 22 2008	Great hotel perfect for Earls Court	Great hotel and fantastic location for Earls Court. Rooms are VERY small (as with most London hotels!) but perfectly equipped. Try and get a B&amp;B rate as the breakfast is lovely.	
Feb 21 2008 	Reasonable London Hotel	I stayed at the K+K in February 2008 with my wife and oldest daughter (4). The hotel is conveniently located near to the Earls Court tube station. The bedroom was clean and well presented but tiny. The bed was also uncomfortable. The bathroom again was tiny and the shower struggled to maintain a constant tempature. The staff are very friendly and the breakfast was excellent. Overall if your looking for somewhere simply to crash out I would give it a go, although don't expect the rooms to be 4* quality.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great hotel	I've just returned from staying at this hotel and wish I was still there! I stayed in a triple room with my mum and sister, and while the room was very small, it was extremely clean and tidy. The 'triple' rooms are actually just a double/twin room with a pull out bed added in. I was stuck with the pull out bed but I had the best two nights sleep ever. It was so comfortable and as our room was at the back of the hotel, we couldn't hear a thing from the streets. The room had everything we needed including an excellent shower/flatscreen tv/minibar/slippers and robes. Nice touches.The bathroom was very cramped but modern and aqequate enough for the length of our stay.When we were leaving the hotel on the 1st night to go get dinner, I got chatting to the hotel receptionist and mentioned that it was my sister's 30th birthday. We were very pleasantly surprised when we returned later to see champagne and chocolate cake in the room! This was extremely nice of them and it was the best chocolate cake I have ever tasted. The location of the hotel was perfect for us. If you plan to go about London using the tube, this hotel is ideal as it is literally around the corner from Earl's Court tube station. The hotel may not be in the very centre of London but using this tube station, you can get to Harrod's in 5 minutes, Picadilly Circus/Leicester Square in 10 minutes etc. I can't comment on the location of the hotel with regards to other means of transport as we only ever used the tube. A lot of people here have mentioned how good the breakfast is at the hotel and it really is! We got it included in our room rate so try and do that if possible. There is such a great range of food-cereals, fruits, yoghurts, cheeses, hams, pastries, breads, great hot food (eggs,bacon,mushroom,sausage,hash browns,tomatoes,beans) and even champagne. It was really good and far better than any other hotel breakfast I have ate before. It kept us full all day and so we didn't need to eat again until late in the evening.All in all, I had a great stay at this hotel and will definitely stay again. It would be nicer if the rooms were a little bigger but it wouldn't put me off a future stay. Hope this helps!	
Feb 18 2008 	Excellent choice when going to a showconference at Earl's court	Nice hotel with very good staff and lots of attentions to make your stay enjoyable: a plug adaptor is provided in each room for instance! free internet connection, self-service PCs and printers to prepare your boarding pass on your last day, and last but not least, an excellent English breakfast, all in a stylish surrounding.Indeed a very good choice.	
Feb 9 2008 	A mid-winter stay in London	Three of us took a trip to London and decided to stay in a four star hotel, hoping for a very comfortable and even slightly lavish place to recide.On arrival we were pleasantly suprised by how near the hotel was to Earls Court underground station and happy that it was stationed in a quiet and attractive looking street.We were greeted by professional staff at reception, who on the whole were accomodating, if slightly impersonal. The reception area looks on to the bar and breakfast room and my initial reaction was one of excitement; it was all very modern looking, clean and as opulent as I'd hoped.Arriving at our room, we were a little disappointed by just how small the it was, though it proved to be of little concern in the end as we grew used to it. The bathroom, equally was tiny but had a really lovely design and was incredibly practicle.We had a garden view, which was peaceful and would doubtless be a nice place to sit in the summer. Though this was probably the best thing about the room. We shared a trebble and while I had the fold out bed (which I found reasonably comfortable), the other two complained at how hard theirs were and thus found it rather difficult to get a decent nights sleep. In a 4* hotel, it was really the beds I was looking forward to have in had an amazing experience elsewhere. They really were just average, however.Earls Court is quite a decent location but a bit further from the centre than I had realised and it was by about our third day that I grew tired of the length of journey (on the tube) to get back at the end of the day, which on average was a couple of train swaps and about seven stops.The breakfast was excellent. Loads of choice and I must have put on about a stone have in gauged on all the lovely bacon, sausages, pastries etc etc. Service there was excellent also.It's a difficult one to sum up because so much of it was great but I had a few gripes where standards fell short of expectation. The beds weren't great, the decor a little ordinary, the location not the best but the staff were efficient (especially the cleaners!), the hotel quiet and the location pleasant. If this hotel was a 3*, I'd be raving about it. 4* however, I'm sure there are better.	
Feb 4 2008 	Excellent	I stayed in a twin room with a friend and another friend stayed in a single room while we were in London for a week. While the room was a tiny bit tight, we had an excellent stay. The food was excellent, the staff were very helpful and the room was comfortable and spotless.The area has plenty of choice nearby for food - from the chain cafes to family run bistros. Very close to tube. I had stayed in K&amp;K in vienna before, and will definitely be staying in their hotels again. a very pleasant overall experience.	
Jan 28 2008 	Liked the Location	We have just returned from a weekend in London. This was our first trip with our baby daughter (aged 5 months) and we found the K&amp;K hotel to be perfect for us.The room was comfortable and even with a Baby cot was still roomy compared to other city hotels we have stayed in. The bathroom was small but extremely clean and had a plentiful supply of toiletries.The breakfast was very good with plenty of choices and the staff were friendly and accomodating to us and our pram.We choose the hotel because of its location and convenience to the underground. It is very close to Earls Court Station ( which is on the Heathrow line) and Kensington high street.The only minor issue was that there are steps at the front with no wheel chair or pram access so we had to lift the pram up and down but the reception did offer that the porter would be available to us if we needed help.Overall we would recommend the hotel it is very close to the Tube so all attractions are within easy reach	
Jan 25 2008	K	On the positive side, the hotel is very clean, very close to a tube station and offers a great breakfast (try and get it included in your room rate). Considering it's high standards, it offers very good room value for this (almost) central part of London relative to other hotels. It also offers good internet access for free. Thereis a wide selection of restaurants in the nearby Earl's Court area to chose from. This hotel has a lot to recommend it.On the negative side, the staff are professional but very cold and impersonal. We stayed there for 8 nights for our honeymoon, and despite dealing with many of the same staff for the duration, at no stage did we even get a friendly hello. This coldness eventually becomes wearing. We had stayed there previously and would again, but only for short stay trips and not for anything romantic or special. Not without defrosting the staff first!The rooms are very small, and the overall price is expensive for what is, in essence, just a bed for the night, but that's not the hotel - it's London.	
Jan 9 2008	A True West London Gem	I had a wonderful stay at K+K Hotel George, it has a lovely European feel to it while maintaining the British charm that the chelsea/Kensington area personifies, the perfect hotel for a London City break to take in the sights or recharge the batteries.I also was very impressed with the champagne breakfast great blend of both European and English staples, splendid way to start your day.	
Jan 4 2008 	Stay here!	I booked the K and K George London via Bristish Airways based solely on the reviews from TripAdvisor.com. This was our family's first trip to London and we couldn't have chosen a better place to stay! We stayed for 7 nights and everything was perfect. The hotel is clean, clean, clean. The entire staff was gracious and helpful. We walked to the Earl's Court tube station everyday to begin our adventrues and it is literally 1 short block away. We dined 3 times in the area of our hotel and had great meals each time. If you are planning a trip with your family to London, be confident when you book your stay at the K and K George. You can't go wrong!	
Jan 3 2008 	Good but service lacking	This hotel is basically a very good choice. If you get a good deal at around £100-130 it is a find in central London. It is located in a cosy West End neighbourhood in a very quiet street.If you ask for a room towards the backyard you will have a quiet night. However, there are some serious construction going on just nearby. They are easily visible from the room if you have one facing the backyard. They start their machines at around 8 am. If you like to sleep beyond that I would ask for a room towards the front of the hotel. I have no idea how long this construction work is goin to last.Rooms are nice, but somewhat small. This time we upgraded to an executive room on the second floor. This is not worth the extra charge of £18 pr night. Room is same size as a standard room, but had a flat screen tv, bath robes and fruit in the room. This does not make the room executive. It's a rip off. Go for the standard room and save your money.Breakfast is excellent, but staff are to busy when the restaurant is full. I had to help myself with coffee on several occasions.All in all the hotel is a good choice because you are guaranteed a good night sleep. That is not the general rule in London in my opinion. Don't expect a luxury hotel. It is a good 4 star!	
Jan 2 2008 	The Little Room That Could	My wife and I stayed at the K+K Hotel George 12/23 - 12/27 based on the reviews on the TA. We were not disappointed in our selection. It didnt take us too long to get there using the tube. ( Picadilly line straight from Heathrow.) My wife and I found getting around on the Tube very easy. Checking into the room was easy and we were impressed with the from desk area. It was nicely decorated and they had a nice bar area that we later used to play cards and hang out. The front desk people were nice and helped out with recomendations for resturants. The free computers were great for buying tickets, reservations and checking in to other flights. They even had free printers hooked up to them.The room was nice (but small). We had no problems with it being dirty and they kept it clean the whole time we were there. We thought it was a nice touch that the bathroom floor is heated. The heater worked well in the room. Some niights it seemed to work too well and was tempted to open the window to cool down the room. One poster complained that the key was tough to use. We had no problem with it. It is different but still easy to use.We ate breakfast once ( christmas day since EVERYTHING is closed on Christmas day). It was good but I dont think that it was worth the 14 pound price. Some of the guests I spoke with said that they got their breakfast included with the room rate so if thats the case it would be a great deal. Once day we ate breakfast at this small cafe on Earls Ct. Rd which was great . The rest of the days we had pastries from Sommerfields Market. They were usually around 60 pence each always tasted great. We even bought some before we left for Paris just so we can eat them there.For dinner we tended to stay around the Earls Court area which had a decent amount of choices. Once night we had Wagamamas which I though tasted really good. After seeing a sign at Strada's saying that they are open on Christmas day we made reservations there. We showed up at the time we made the reservation and they were closed. Sort of screwed up our plans but we ended up eating at this hole in the wall Kabob place called Kings that night. It was awesome and my wife liked it too ( she is a picky eater ). From the way it looked on the outside we probably wouldnt have eaten there any other time but it was so good I wish we could have eaten there again. We ended up eating at Stada's the next day and I though it was good. We also went to Oneil's for some pub food and it really sucked so I wouldnt recommend that that place.I cant stress it enough how easily accessible the hotel is to the tube. It made getting around a breeze. Were were able to get to all the sights easily and fairly quickly. For the 5 days we were there we only used about 25 Pounds off our Oyster Cards with we purchased through a website before we left. Sorry for the post being too long. I hope this post helps you out. Enjoy your Journey.	
Dec 26 2007 	adequate hotel in less than perfect neighborhood	We picked the hotel because of the reviews in Trip Advisor and because we had stayed at one of the chain's hotels in Paris--the K&amp;K Hotel Cayre, which is superior. This hotel is in Earl's Court, a down-at-the-heels section of London that is awaiting gentrification. The Tube is a 5 minute walk away but Tube service has deteriorated over the last 10-15 years and short trips are now long trips. Also prices on the tube have become rediculous--but that's not the hotel's fault. The streets in the area never seem to be cleaned or swept and many of the people seem to be residents of homeless shelters.The public rooms in the hotel are quite attractive. Three of the five free internet computers worked and the staff were very attentive--if slightly beyond their depth. Most are either Austrian/German or eastern European. For example, the phone in our room did not work properly when we arrived. The young lady at the desk tried to 'clear' it but failed. The next day they tried again, with no success. We could receive calls but could not make them. The problem was finally corrected on the third day.The room we had was small, even by European standards. It overlooked a quiet street with no street noise. The bathroom was modern and proportionately larger than the bedroom. It had no bath but an excellent shower. Unlike many other hotels, the tv had no built-in alarm facility and with no clocks in the room it was necessary to call the desk for wake-up calls.Breakfast was buffet style and quite good. The breakfast room overlooked an interior garden and must be quite lovely in warmer weather. We had supper in the hotel one evening. The menu was a bit limited but the food was of superior quality.I have stayed in much better locations in London and would probably not return to the George. It is nothing too special and I wonder why it receives such good reviews.	
Dec 24 2007 	A safe bet but not exceptional	This hotel is an overall decent selection. It was clean, the area seemed to be safe, the staff members were friendly. Our room was small, which is to be expected in London. The bathroom was modern with granite counters and a small but practical layout, but there was no shower door/ curtain. It was a small stand-up shower, so there was comfortable standing room, but any water not hitting you hits the floor. We used about 3 towels each day to soak up the water, so that was inconvenient, but not horrible.The hotel itself is a quick and easy 2 minute walk to the Earl's Court Tube Station, which was very convenient. However, the location of the hotel in relation to the sites that we went to see was not ideal. Also about a 2 minute walk, just right around the corner, are some places to eat, such as KFC, McDonald's, Burger King, and a couple of pizza places. Just a word of warning, though-- if you are used to the American version of these foods, don't expect much from the ones here! It was convenient to have them right around the corner... that is, until we realized that the taste was very different than what you get in the U.S.When we head back to London again, we will likely try something else just to get in another area of the city and see something different. However, if the location of this hotel was convenient to where we would be going, we would probably stay here again. It's a safe bet and an overall good hotel, but not anything that we felt in awe of.	
Dec 23 2007 	Great value in an expensive city	My husband and I stayed at here for 4 nights in Jan '07. The room was small (to be expected in europe) but fully equipped, including mini fridge and huge closet for storage. Our view looked into the charming courtyard at the rear. The location of this hotel is really convenient for those on a budget. Earls court station is steps away as are post office, convenience stores (for drinks and snacks) and restaurants that won't break the bank. the museums are about 15 minutes away, by foot, and harrods is about 25 minutes. the hotel itself is located of a side street and is quite quiet.the breakfast buffet was good with a good variety of hot and cold dishes - and champagne! had juices, yogurt, cereals, deli meats and cheeses, typical english breakfast (sausages, eggs, baked beans, baked tomatoes, etc). in the lobby, there's also an internet computer for public use.the bed, however, is my only real complaint with this place. although it was a queen size, the pillows were flat and the mattress was soft, especially in the middle, where my husband and i seemed to just roll into.	
Dec 17 2007 	Average hotel poor location for sightseeing aloof staff	I just returned from a stay at the K&amp;K, which made up the last leg of our European vacation. It was the hotel I was looking forward to the most, given the rave reviews on TripAdvisor and the very nice pictures I saw online. While I thought all the other TripAdvisor reviews for various hotels were right on, I found the ones for K&amp;K to be much too generous and I was quite disappointed by my stay. My biggest complaint about this hotel is the location. If you are coming to London to see the sights, I'd suggest something closer to the main attractions. Yes, it is near a subway station, but having to take the tube every single time you want to see something is not ideal and caused us a major delay when a massive concert let our right near this subway stop. It's also pretty much impossible to walk to the center of town from here, which makes getting acquainted with the city a bit harder. But if you don't mind the slightly isolating feeling of it, the neighborhood itself is nice with one good street of restaurants nearby.Overall, the hotel was fine but was not impressive, despite appearing to be so upscale online. My favorite thing about the hotel was the free internet stations. Also, the blow-dryer was modern. However, the actual room looked like any other generic hotel room, with IKEA style furniture. The key card system is very strange and took us forever to figure out - not fun after a long trip there. (It's a very bizarre system, trust me.) In fact, if took us so long that I eventually took out a camera because it was approaching hilarious. That brings me to my second main complaint about this hotel. The staff seemed rather uninterested in the guests. Although the hotel clearly uses a different kind of key system, the young man who checked us in failed to even mention how it works. I don't need to be babied by a hotel, but some basic considerations seemed to be lacking. For example, at every single other hotel we stayed at, someone at the front desk would hand us a map and sometimes even point out main attractions. At the K&amp;K, we were given a map only after we specifically requested one and the employee then told us the hotel wasn't even on it. Also, I completely agree with the reviewer who noted that the staff just hands you whatever key you ask for when you walk in the door with no verification required, despite the size of the hotel and revolving employees. Finally, when we asked a woman at the front desk to call us a cab for the airport, she instead called a pricey town car which we had to take based on our time constraint.The hotel was adequate, but in my opinion, not ideal for a vacation.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great Place! Now if I could just get some sleep	Stylish, recent remodel. Granite bathrooms. Clean. Cool neighborhood. Pubs and restaurants 1 block walk and the tube is 2 - 3 blocks from the door.Staff is eastern europe but their english is sufficient. No complaints there.Breakfast is ok.Still haven't had a decent night sleep. Walls are paper thin. Construction team next door starts work at 8 am six days per week (Mon-Sat). Sunday we moved rooms next to some late night partiers. My bad luck I guess.	
Dec 8 2007 	Very good value!	My wife and I live in the UK and decided to spend a couple of days in London prior to Christmas. We booked this hotel through Aimiles(but did not use Airmiles rewards) and can only express our entire satisfaction.The hotel is well situated, our room was impeccably clean and at the rear of the building overlooking the garden. Our only criticism is that the bathroom was claustrophobically small. The breakfast was excellent value and the personnel without exception were delightful.We'll be back!	
Dec 7 2007 	Good Hotel	Top Quality Hotel. Rooms a little small but very comfortable. Rooms were very warm. Very close to Earls Court Tube and very handy for Earls Court Exhibition centre. Staff friendly and breakfast was excellent. Above Average Hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great Hotel	It is the 3rd time at this Hotel. I contacted the hotel directly and as a returning guest I've got a good rate which included the excellent breakfast.The rooms are small but comfotable, clean and well equipped.The neighborhood is lively and the hotel is just near Earl's Court Tube station on the district and picadilly line.	
Dec 1 2007 	Excellent hotel !	I am extremely picky when it comes to hotel accomodation and searched reviews on the net for weeks before landing on the K&amp;K George in Kensington. Suffice to say we were not disappointed. And since this was me and my wife's first holiday in six years without the kids, disappointment was the last thing we wanted. The K&amp;K George just off Earls Court Rd. was just PERFECT for us. Luxurious enough, not too expensive, close to the tube, VOW breakfast, very friendly staff, clean, updated...I could have written a long list.If anyone would like more info please do not hesitate to ask, I am more than wiling to help future guests of the K&amp;K Geoge. We are in fact already thinking of a new trip to Prague and will definately look into the K&amp;K hotels there.I will definately recommend the K&amp;K Hotel George to all my friends !	
Nov 28 2007 	Perfect stay - will use again	This hotel is efficient, conveniently located for the Underground, and well looked after. The room I had looked brand-new, was furnished to a very high standard (especially the bathroom) and is by far the best I've seen at the price. I've paid double and not been half as happy - so four times better than some hotels in London.Earl's Court is slightly peripheral, but with the Underground being so close it really isn't an issue. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Would absolutely stay there again	This was a gem of a find. Although a little out of central London, this modern hotel is well connected by the Earls Court Tube that is just a short 3-4 minute walk away. The area, which is fine, is not in the middle of any shops, but there are several restaurants (many ethnic) &amp; pubs on Earls Court Road which is just a half a block away through a cute residential alley. We ate at the Masala Zone (Indian), Zizzi (Italian), Earls Court Pub; all very good. If your tastes run to McDonald's &amp; Starbucks, they're there too.The hotel itself is well maintained and immaculate as are the rooms. There is a nice bar with a fireplace (that was lit the entire time were were there) and comfy couches as well as tables &amp; chairs. The breakfast buffet (included in our room package) was also very well stocked with just about anything you might want. There were four free internet-connected computers in the business center just downstairs from the lobby as well as one in the lobby near the bar. Although I did not use it, the room was also wired with free internet access.My mother and I stayed here Nov. 6 &amp; 7, 2007 (rooms 206 &amp; 208). My mother booked these rooms and had read here on TA that there was construction nearby (note the crane in one photograph here) so she requested rooms overlooking the garden and away from the construction (which is indeed going on next door to the hotel and looks far from completion). Our rooms were far from the construction and we never heard it.These rooms (considered doubles) overlooked a lovely garden area that would have been nice to sit in had the weather been warmer. The rooms are well-lit, small (as expected in Europe), but well arranged with ample closet space as well as hooks over a bench where luggage can be set. There is a mini bar, but no safe or clock.The bathroom (which includes a hairdryer &amp; various toiletries) was a decent size with a nice shower stall, however my mother tried to take a shower in the afternoon the first day and found no hot water. She also found no hot water in the early hours of the morning (like before 6 am). I never encountered such a problem. I felt that the bed was hard as a rock, but my mother thought it was just right.The staff was courteous, efficient and helpful. My room didn't have bath towels the first day and before I laid down for a nap that afternoon I called to the desk to inquire. They told me that they were waiting for the laundry arrival and would deliver the towels immediately after my wake-up call. I woke up an hour earlier than I made my call for, so I called down and asked if I could possibly get my towels and they were at my door within minutes.Overall - a very good experience. I would stay there again.	
Nov 17 2007	clean and efficient - good location	Stayed here after reading other recent reviews on this website which were spot on in our experience. Room was on small side but fine for a short stay. Very clean, friendly staff and good breakfast. Nice and close to Earls Court tube which made travelling easy. Would stay again.	
Nov 11 2007 	A Great Hotel	Right choice for us (Wife + sister -in-law). Been in many hotels around the country and this is by far what you should expect when choosing a 4 star. Whilst others are grotty, worn and tired this hotel is warm, friendly, well appointed for the underground &amp; city, well decorated, the rooms pleasantly laid out and therefore great value. If it's a real 4 star hotel you want then this is for you.	
Nov 5 2007 	Pleasantly suprised	Stayed here for a trade show at the nearby Olympia Exhibition centre and was pleasantly suprised with the hotel. I'm used to smaller rooms in London hotels, but the hotel was definately worth the the room rate for the services they offered. Great breakfast (included) and close to Earls Court tube for access to the West End. Staff were pleasant (most of the time) and front desk recption were helpful....although I had trouble with internet in my room. I'd stay again for sure.	
Nov 3 2007 	Udated Classic room is not executive	We have stayed in this hotel several times over the past 3 years. On our last stay (October 2007), we were not as satisfied as previously. The hotel has “updated” the classic rooms, labels them executive rooms and charges accordingly. In my view, the “update” does not make the room “executive”. The change is primarily cosmetic-different furniture, but the same rug. The TV is now mounted on the wall which means the sound carries from the adjoining room quite clearly. The major change is to replace the bathtub and shower with a walk-in shower and to remove the warming towel rack. The room size, of course, remains the same (quite small)—okay as a classic room but not as an executive one given that the hotel has bigger executive rooms as pictured in their brochure and described by others. My point is simply that you should be aware that if you book an executive room (and at the moment the web site only lists two types of rooms-classic and executive) you may be given a small “updated” classic rather than a true executive room for the executive room price. I also found the staff to be a little less friendly and efficient. Our laundry was misplaced and it took some time for me to convince them that yes, I have given them a bag of laundry. However, the breakfast is still very good and the location in Earl’s Court is very convenient both for Heathrow and central London. And Bistro Benito is still a very friendly neighborhood trattoria which we look forward to visiting. And the free internet in the room is a bonus.	
Nov 3 2007 	Excellent London home base for tourists	The K+K Hotel George is a very nice hotel that is part of a small chain that mostly seems to cater to business travelers (primarily German and Austrian), so is cleaner and has nicer amenities than your average London tourist hotel. The rooms are also quite spacious. The &quot;executive&quot; room we stayed in had a king bed, desk, and sitting area with comfy chair. The two of us did not feel cramped or crowded in this room, which is unusual for Europe. These rooms usually go for GBP260 or so a night, but we got a great deal through wotif.com.  The full English breakfast at the hotel is mind-bogglingly extensive and well-done. It's also very expensive but is quite nice if your room rate includes it. The location is outstanding. Earl's Court is an up-and-coming neighborhood, very clean/safe/quiet with excellent restaurants on Earl's Court Road a block away. A couple blocks walk takes you to the Earl's Court tube station, which is on three tube lines. We found it very quick and easy to get to anything we wanted to in central London (or Kensington High Street) from there.  There was free high-speed Internet in the room, as well as a minibar. There was also room service available, which we did not use. The bathroom was very nice. I would enthusiastically recommend this hotel and location to anyone loooking for a good tourist base, and if you can get a good deal on the room rate this is a real jewel.	
Nov 2 2007 	Perfect location next to Earls Court!	We stayed at this hotel for one night as we were visiting the MPH show at Earls Court. The hotel was ideally located next to Earls Court and also close to the tube station. The hotel itself was elegantly furnished and very clean. The breakfast buffet was especially good! Staff are also very friendly.There is construction works taking place next door to the hotel so you may wish to request a room away from that side of the hotel! Although there was some noise we were not in our room long enough for it to affect us. The builders had finished for the day, by the time we got back to our room. Would recommend staying here if you are visiting Earls Court! Good find!	
Oct 31 2007 	Very good deal exceptionally clean	The K+K hotel chain took a set of old town houses in the Earls Court area and did a gut rehab. The result is very modern and very clean, with an exceptional garden, and (by American standards) small rooms. I've seen this style of hotel often on the Continent (where most of the K+K hotels are), and I like it.The hotel is really designed for visitors to the Earls Court convention center nearby, people who want business amenities (Internet, convenience, cleanliness), but don't necessarily want to pay for a large room if they don't have to. For the tourist, this means that the K+K is a good deal on weekends or, frankly, whenever the Earls Court convention center is empty, and a bit of a ripoff when it's full. We stayed there for 99 pounds a night (weekend rate) including breakfast, and we really liked it. If we had stayed there on Tuesday, when a convention had started, we would have had to pay a fairly hefty premium for something we didn't want (proximity to the convention center) and wouldn't have liked it very much at all.Earls Court, by the way, is a bit out of town, but close to Kensington Palace, Hyde Park, and the V&amp;A/Science Museums. The hotel is very close to the tube (on the direct line from Heathrow), and there are many restaurants and shops in the area. Since it's a bit outside the usual tourist trails, the shopping and restaurants are designed for locals (and convention visitors), and we found fairly good value at all the places we tried.The room was really, really modern, with shelves along one wall that my family of three found very useful. They didn't have a queen, so we shoved the two twins together, and it worked well. The mattress(es) were very firm, which we like. We have a 4-year-old; she slept in the crib provided for free and there in the room when we arrived, and she slept well. Having consumed approximately 187,000 buffet breakfasts in hotels, I can't say that I ever want another one, but this was about at Hyatt standards, with aging slices of fruit and stiffening scrambled eggs, but very good coffee--a good deal, really. The garden is very nice; look for the faces on all the trees that line the back of it. (My 4-year-old found them.) The Internet access in the room worked well (always a blessing); the staff was brisk and efficient. We experienced none of the problems that other travellers complained about (room not cleaned or noise).	
Oct 19 2007 	Excellent Hotel in London!	My husband son and I just came back from a week in London. I did a lot of research on Hotels. This hotel was recommended to me by TA contributors so I decided to check to out.We were very impressed with how clean and updated this hotel is. The room was a triple. ( not big by North American standards) clean and hip bathroom and tea and coffee in room,The Buffet breakfast downstairs was great. I have pictures to post. The Tube station was close and easy to access all the lines. This hotel was a great place to stay. Highly recommended!	
Oct 15 2007	Nice find in London	My daughter and I recently stayed 2 nights in The K &amp; K George in Earls Court, London. The room was small but nice, I'd say adverage size by london standards. The beds were clean and comfortable. The shower was the best we had on our whole trip.The food was great, We enjoyed the breakfast, it was a deal since it came with the hotel and the dining area was very nice.My daughter and I had one meal in the hotel bar and were pleasantly surprised, it was first class!The location was good close to the tube. Being a handycapped station it had easy lift and ramp access for luggage, which can be a big deal when hauling luggage around. Earls court station was easy access to all lines.I highly reccomend this hotel!!	
Oct 11 2007 	Decent hotel 	I stayed 4 days at the K&amp;K George in Kensington, london. Pretty decent place, good service, very convenient location less than 5 minutes to Earls Court where you can get to pretty much any location in London. They have a pretty good breakfast as ell!I would suggest to book a room in the second or 3 rd floor...the rooms on the fourth are a bit cramped and small.If you stay there and are flying from and to Heathrow, it is preferable to take the tube to as well. It is faster and easier ( and cheaper) than a taxi.	
Oct 11 2007 	Highly Recommended	I regularly stay at the K&amp;K for both business and pleasure when in London, and I always find it a pleasant, relaxing hotel. Staff on reception are consistently efficient, the rooms are more than adequate and the bar is very convenient. Breakfast is probably my favourite thing about this hotel - everything you can imagine! The location is great as central London is a couple of tube stops away from Earls Court. The hotel's car park is sadly currently closed but when it is back open, it is an easy place to find from outer London and is also just outside the congestion charge.	
Oct 6 2007 	A must!	It was for my wife and I our first trip to London. Had done lots of research on the WEB to find a good hotel. Decided on the K &amp; K Hotel George because of the good reviews and its location near a tube station. Couldn't have made a better decision. All our expectations were met: Location, room, staff, breakfast, etc. Would definitely go back and recommend to all my friends.	
Oct 1 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed for two nights in the K &amp; K London on our way to Oktoberfest in Munich. This was a very clean and modern hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. The breakfast buffet was very good with an assortment of cheeses, meats, bread, cereals, eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, etc. Internet access is free and quick. The neighborhood is very nice and quiet. The hotel is only a couple minute walk to restaurants/bars/stores. However, I recommend getting on the Earl's Court Tube stop and hit the restaurants/bars closer to the middle of the city because they seemed a lot better. (The Tube stop is less than a 5 minute walk)The only minor things I didn't like was the showers only have half doors which allow for a lot of water to get out of the shower. (This might be an European thing) Also, the bacon during breakfast was barely cooked on both mornings.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great location and value	We enjoyed 5 days at the K&amp;K Hotel George and consider it an excellent value in a very expensive city. We have been to London many times and have stayed in a variety of accommodations from The Ritz (special occasion) to private flats. We selected the K&amp;K as we have stayed at their sister properties in Prague and Paris. This K&amp;K met our expectations set by those other properties: a nice, comfortable, updated property in a good location at a good price. We appreciated the Earl's Court location with easy access to three tube lines. The street the hotel is located on is a pretty one, very quiet with a nice Kensington ambiance. Our third floor room was small (as expected) but very quiet. We have come to rely on two additional K&amp;K features -- the breakfast buffet included in the room price and the easy access to the internet from hotel computers in a common area.The front desk staff is pleasant and helpful. The dining room staff are somewhat remote.A couple of minor concerns: when we asked the front desk to call a taxi, they called a private car service that had a flat rate (too high in our opinion) to our destination restaurant. We declined the car, but had to go out and hail our own taxi as the hotel does not provide that service.Also, on days 1 and 2 we advised the front desk that there were open bottles (one partially consumed) in our mini-bar. These were never removed or replaced (we were not charged).We enjoyed our stay at the K&amp;K Hotel George and would stay there again.	
Sep 24 2007 	Loved it	What an absolute find. Great location, good price and lovely service. I cannot rate it highly enough.	
Sep 23 2007	Great find in Earl's Court	This is a fantastic hotel if you're looking for a place convenient to the action, but don't want to spend a lot of money. The hotel itself is situated on a charming street in Earl's Court, in South Kensington. Earls Court Road is just a street away and has some great restaurants and bars, but the one street between the hotel and the main road gives the hotel a more quaint and quiet feel, giving you the best of both worlds. The Earl's Court tube station is just around the corner, making it very easy to get around. The beds were a little hard (this was also true of our hotel in Paris -- maybe it's a European thing?) but all in all, a terrific discovery that I plan to visit again!	
Sep 18 2007 	Great value for money highly recommended	I can highly recommend the executive double room, excellent value for money especially if booked ahead via the hotel website.The hotel is in a nice looking residential area, yet only minutes walk from the shops and Earls Court tube station.The room was spacious and furnished to a high standard. It had a large widescreen LCD TV. Lovely large windows looked out onto the hotel garden. The bathroom quite small but very well kitted out.Other things were included in the rate like free net access and complimentary or discounted use of the gym - maybe one for next times visit.Breakfast (which was included in the rate) was excellent, although Champagne at 11am was a bit of a first for me! Nice though.I was able to leave my luggage with the hotel for several hours after I'd checked out as I'd planned a day out locally before going home again.The staff were friendly and courteous.This was my first stay at the K+K George and based on my experience I will be booking the same type room at this hotel again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel to others.	
Sep 15 2007	So glad I got my booking cancelled at another Hotel	Treated my Mum and Son to a 2 day trip to London to see a couple of west end Shows. The room we had was on the 5th floor a triple but spacious enough. We overlooked the large well maintained garden and even saw a couple of squirrels. Lovely comfortable beds and the pillows I requested were brought in an instant. Great to be able to make coffee and tea and the mini bar had all we needed. The breakfasts were great, couldn't fault a thing and we had a very attentive waitress called Felicidade. Everything went so smoothly, the tube station only a short walk and Kensington High St. too.Booked on Hotel.com and wouls use them and this Hotel again. At last a Hotel in the UK that doesn't have creaky floorboards!!!!	
Sep 6 2007 	Great hotel in a great neighbourhood	We really enjoyed our stay here. The front desk staff are friendly, competent, speak good English and the housekeeping is thorough.The rooms are small compared to North American standards (nothing unusual about that!) but scrupulously clean, modern and well equipped. About the only complaint we had was that the bed was a little harder than we are used to but this is a personal preference and we were so tired most nights I dont think it would have mattered.We didn't use the dining room or bar or room service since we preferred to dine out - usually at one of the many restaurants less than 5 minutes walk away on Earl's Court Rd. Breakfast wasn't included in our Expedia booking and would have been another 12 GBP per person. Breakfast was less than half this on Earl's Court Rd.There are 4 internet connected printers in the basement complete with printers and USB ports. All free to use and we made extensive use of these.The K+K Hotel George is in a very nice neighbourhood. The streets are generally quiet and we always felt safe, even when going for a mid-evening stroll. Steps away is Earl's Court Rd with an eclectic mix of restaurants, pubs and shops. The tube station is 3-4 minutes walk.	
Sep 3 2007 	Beautiful	What a charming hotel. The rooms and the common areas were very relaxing and had a very nice ambience. The room (a triple room) was large enough for 2 adults and 2 kids.The staff was very pleasant. The staff didn't seem to know the area very well (maybe they were transferred from other K&amp;K hotels), but were very accomodating. They would find somebody to answer a question if they couldn't. Very nice bar area if you want a glass of wine after your day out and about. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Nice Hotel	It's a very nice hotel. Terrific break-fast, 5 PC with free internet acess, close to undergroud (Earl's Court) and friendly people working there.The only thing I notice that could be improved is about room. It was confortable, but the walls were a litlle bite dirty. But in a nutshell, it's a very nice place to stay.	
Sep 2 2007 	Loved England	We are from Tampa, Fla. and we stayed in your hotel in London, England and we were very pleased with everything in the hotel. We were very glad that it had a private bathroom which it was very different what we are used to but it was very nice and everything was very clean. The people were just wonderful and the service was excellent. It was in a great location and we were able to get on the tube within walking distance. We highly recommend it for London's standards. Hopefully we'll be back. We just love England.....	
Sep 1 2007 	A True London Find!	My husband, daughter, and I recently returned from a 5-day stay at the k+k George, which we learned about through TripAdvisor and which exceeded all our expectations. This is not a luxurious hotel, but it's a serene, well-designed, impeccably clean, minimalist environment in which every inch of precious London floorspace has been put to ingenious use. Our garden-facing triple room was not large by American standards, but it fit the bill: pristine bed linens; a partial floor-to-ceiling divider separating adult and child sleeping areas (be sure to ask for this, it's not available in all triple rooms); excellent soundproofing; flat screen TV; tiny but ultramodern bathroom; and an air conditioning system that actually worked. Add to this a well-presented breakfast buffet included in the price of our room; a basement computer alcove with four terminals and free internet access; friendly efficient desk staff; convenient tube stop; and a multi-ethnic neighborhood with loads of affordable restaurants -- needless to say, we'll be repeat customers! Note that this small hotel chain boasts similar hotels in other cities, including Paris and Prague.	
Aug 30 2007	Great hotel great location	Have just returned from staying at this hotel for 2 nights and I must say I was very impressed. Have stayed at many London hotels I generally find the staff rude and the service poor. However, not here. All staff were very friendly and the service was excellent. Stayed in a twin room which was comfortable and modern, with big windows that opened onto the roof/balcony.The breakfast was fantastic - buffet style with plenty of choice - including champagne! My booking included a free pimms and strawberries and cream which was much appreciated after a day of shopping in London.The hotel was on a quiet residential street but within a minutes walk of Earls Court Road and the tube - so very handy.You can also get local calls free from the hotel and there is free internet access.I would definately stay here again and would highly recommend it.	
Aug 24 2007	Great hotel for family	We just returned from London where we stayed at the K+K Hotel Geoge. It is located right off Earl's Court station, so it's easy to get around the city from there. We liked the hotel. The rooms were kind of like dorms, but were clean and modern. We have three children (mid teens and early twenties) and they stayed in a triple room while we stayed in a double. Our bathroom was tiny; the kids' bathroom was a little larger.The kids enjoyed using the computers downstairs. We would stay there again.	
Aug 15 2007 	Very pleased with K 	I chose the hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews and it was just as described. In a very expensive city , this hotel was a very good value, had an enjoyable bar/lounge area for an evening glass of wine or latte after a busy day, free internet downstairs, small, spartan but nice room and bathroom and very comfortable sleeping. Chelsea is a fun, funky area and the hotel is a block from the Tube and Starbucks. The breakfast at the hotel is so-so but adequate and the area lacks other good restaurant options. Nevertheless, we were on the go all day and ate in other parts of town before coming back to the hotel via underground. We were two adult daughters taking our mother to the Chelsea Flower Show. The hotel worked for everyone! Would stay there again for a good London value!	
Aug 13 2007 	Nice Place to Stay	We stayed at the Hotel George for 4 nights in July and thoroughly enjoyed it. It is located in a nice area, though a little far from the central action. But the nearby tube stop made it very easy to get around London. The hotel staff was very accommodating. Breakfast was very good, except I wish they would cook some bacon the way we Americans like it, instead of serving it almost raw. The room was clean, nicely decorated, and well maintained. The A/C worked well during the hot nights. The rooms are small by American standards, but we found that throughout Europe. You get used to it. Internet access in the lobby was very easy. We would definitely consider staying here on our next trip.	
Aug 12 2007 	A Superb Choice for London - But No Real A/C	My partner and I highly recommend the K+K Hotel George located in the Earl's Court area of London (very near the Earl's Court Underground stop). The front desk was uniformly very helpful throughout our three-day stay. Free internet access and meticulously clean common areas and guest rooms were real plusses for us. As with most European hotels the room was too small. Our principal complaint was the absence of real air conditioning in our room. Fortunately we were away from the rooms during most of the day and were able to open the large windows and enjoy the night air during the evenings. Notwithstanding the absence of real air conditioning, we would stay there again and recommend it to all our friends.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great place to stay	Stayed in a triple room with 2 other girlfriends. Although it was small we still had enough room to store our stuff. Very tiny bathroom but nice and clean and modern. We didn't eat anything from the mini-bar but was still able to open the frig without being charged and store milk and water we bought at the local grocer. Probably just a 3 minute walk or so from the tube station. Lots of resturants, cafes, postoffice, and shops along the main road. The back garden was lovely. The free internet came in handy. I would stay here again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great location beautiful hotel	We loved this hotel! It was in a great location near a street full of restaurants and the Earl's Court tube stop. The hotel was about 2 blocks off the main street so it was very quiet, especially since we had a room overlooking the courtyard. The rooms were very nice and looked newly renovated. The staff was very nice and accomodating. There were 4 computers with free internet access in the lobby which was a plus. Definitely the nicest of all the hotels we stayed at in Europe - also a little more expensive, but definitely worth it.	
Aug 1 2007 	Clean functional great hotel	I was really impressed with the hotel because I was expecting a really small room (as I have heard is the case in London). The room was small but comfortable, everything was really clean, and the staff were helpful. Definite perks were proximity to the Earl's Court tube station (literally just around the corner) as well as food places (Addie's Thai House was delicious). I booked it because it Earl's Court is on the Picadilly line with straight service to Heathrow in about 45mins and I had an early morning flight. Worked out really well. Easy to get into the city to see the sights because District line runs through Earl's Court as well! Overall great experience and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Great Stay	I stayed two nights with my wife on the sixth floor. The room was quite clean and elegant with a nice view from a big window, though the room was not so big.Breakfast included was very good, and you can also enjoy a nice view of an English garden from the restaurant.Staffs were very kind and professional.The location was also very convenient, 3 min walk from a station.For those who like a comact, sophisticated hotel, not mega-room hotel, I strongly recommend K+K Hotel George. This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed.	
Jul 22 2007 	Nice but just okay	I travelled with my husband and 15 year old. We have stayed in London before and was quite surprised how small the room was even though we upgraded to an executive room. We were quite cramped and there was not enough storage space. The bathroom was extremely small and again not enough storage space. The furniture was fine and as others have said IKEA like and was comfortable. At times the staff did seem rude and hardly spoke English which at times made things difficult for us. However we did encounter one very friendly fellow, Paulo, the cat who hangs out in the gardens. We found the breakfast staff to be the rudest of all. If you asked for something you were ignored or made to fell they were doing you a big favor. The location was perfect. A quick walk to the tube, KFC, Nandos, Chinese food and Sainbury's (a great small grocery store).Overall I was happy with how clean the hotel was along with the location. I won't stay here again as I believe the hotel is way over priced and the staff rude.	
Jul 13 2007 	Over price over rated hotel	Our stay at the hotel was a nightmare through and through. The reception staff was unorganized, rude, had little knowledge of English and offered us no help when asked about sites and transportation in London. What is more, the hotel is pricy, not worth its cost. Cleaning crews were anything but thorough (our beds were hardly ever made and the bathrooms were not clean). In the end, my stay cost me much more than just room and board. If you do not want your stay in London to be absolutely dreadful, do NOT stay at the kk George Hotel	
Jul 9 2007	What more needs to be said? Great Place!	I stayed here for about 10 days, when I first arrived in London, and then on my way home after traveling to Scotland and Cambridge. You learn to appreciate the K+K when you are away. As noted by numerous reviewers, the breakfast is fantastic. Coffee is hard to come by, only because so many people are staying in the hotel. I was so shocked my first breakfast, as the floors are so quiet, you wonder if you are one of the only guests. I miss my K+K breakfast! Where is my Daily Mail or the Sun newspaper? Where are my unlimited chocolate croissants? They even serve champagne.I spent some time reading in the garden, and loved the serenity. Some construction is on-going next to the hotel, which can be problematic for the week days and those with jet lag, but dry weekends are lovely. The location is great, as Earl's Court is very accessible. It is only a few minutes away from the Victoria and Albert museum (which is fantastic and should be near the top of your list to visit). The neighborhood can be a bit sketchy, but nothing this lone female traveler could not handle. A Starbucks is across the alleyway. I found an excellent Pakistani restaurant with great chicken tikka pitas. I rather enjoyed my encounter with a guy who looked like he was right out of the Charles Dickens’s novel. It was part of the London experience. Wouldn't have been the same without him.The room itself is typically small, but no complaints here. The room includes free internet, large closets, minibar with fridge, free tea, counter space in the bathroom, high water pressure, constant water temperature, a view of the garden and large trees. Did I mention it was very clean? The remote control on the TV didn't work, but I didn't mind. I was out and about all day. The bed is hard, but includes 2 pillows and a down duvet. I’m sure if you don’t like the bed pressure, the staff would accommodate you.The hotel itself is beautiful and seems very historic. I reserved a car to go to Heathrow, and it is 35 pounds flat fee. I could have easily taken the underground, as it is a 2 minute walk from Earl's court, but I had too much luggage to deal with.I highly recommend this hotel. You will not be disappointed. The location, staff, room, ambiance are wonderful.	
Jul 8 2007 	Nice hotel for family	Took my wife and 15 year old to London for 9 days. Was impressed by the size of the room with the 3 beds. Very quiet and well located. We really enjoyed the &quot;backyard&quot; terrace at the end of a day of sightseeing. It was a great place to sit and have a drink and talk about our day. Charming Place that was clean. Only downsides were that the beds were hard, and the staff was not very friendly.	
Jul 8 2007 	Nice hotel Perfect Location.	It is a solid four stars hotel for sure.Checking in was smooth, we were whisked to our rooms in mins. The garden was a nice touch to the breakfast room it had nice views.The hotel provides free Internet in their business center. There are five station that can be used WITH printing facility. a Huge plus.Rooms were of good size, well furnished, and looks pretty new. The bathroom was small but was clean and well proportioned. The hotel is located in a quite area; but near Earls Court Underground Station which has links to Central, District and Piccadilly lines. It was 2 mins walk to the hotel. near the station there are a wealth of places to eat like Mac, KFC, Nando's and Subway.Breakfast was included in our rate and very good to me it was second to Hilton's!!I loved the K + K and worths EVERY Penny.	
Jul 7 2007 	Tiny room	We stayed here last year in a ground floor double - the only double on the ground floor. Our room was not huge but it was decently sized. On our return this year, we were given an extremely tiny room on the second floor (ground floor room was unavailable). We barely had space to turn around and the bathroom was even smaller. This hotel is in such a great location, and the staff is great, but it appears that the room sizes (not the prices for a double) vary a lot! We were booked for 5 days and after one night we paid for an upgrade. I would not go back unless I could get that ground floor room.	
Jul 1 2007 	Loved it - and so did the guests I needed to impress!!	Well, the hotel is GORGEOUS looking on the outside and has a beautiful lobby. Awesome free tea (I'm a big tea-swiller). Inside, it's ver VERY clean and the rooms are light and airy - very IKEA-ish in their furniture i.e. light wood and stylish - seems to be renewable resources e.g. bamboo. It's AIR-CONDITIONED. Anyone staying in Londond in sweltering heat knows how important that is. Passages leading to room are narrow but you don't live in the passages... rooms are BIG and bed is BIG and comfy. Breakfast is AWESOME. It's buffet and it's included - best selection I've seen anywhere outside the 6-star Zurich hotel. I'd say the breakfast alone makes it worth it. Museli, fresh fruit, bangers and mash, scrambled and poached eggs, cereal, milk, bread/jam/honey/cheese/butter and lots of fruit juice...It's hearty and tastes good. I have serious dust and smoke allergies - had NO problems at the hotel. Located next to Earl's court - which is a central hub.. so really great for touring or business. M&amp;S down the road... staff was very helpful and friendly. One glitch - they didn't have our room ready when we got there (flight was a little early)... so it was a bit of a wait. Frankly, some people who came after us seemed to get rooms before we did....we waited for one hour after check-out and still didn't get a room until a different desk-clerk arrived. It might have been a co-incidence but then again, who knows? Also, our bath mat (i.e. the rubber thing in the bathtub) disappeared after day 1 and never reappeared again despite repeated requests. Bath mat was a little important because I was travelling with elderly guests and they needed the traction. i WOULD stay at this hotel again - after making sure I remind the staff that last time I had to wait. For what you get out of staying there, I'd say it's the best hotel in London.	
Jun 28 2007 	Beautiful Rooms Pleasant Staff Convenient Location	I traveled with two teenagers. We shared a room with 2 double beds. The room, linens, bathrooms were immaculate. The bathrooms were very modern. Linens luxurious. Although not located in &quot;center&quot; of things, the Earls Court tube station is right around the corner allowing easy access to anything in London. It appeared that Earl's Court was a middle class neighborhood. We did not care for the breakfast buffet - very expensive for what was offered, but there are plenty of bakeries &amp; fast food places nearby, and if you are getting on the tube first thing you can get breakfast anywhere with ease.	
Jun 26 2007 	Wonderful hotel	This is a great hotel for the traveler wanting to see the city and not the hotel room. Felt secure as a lone woman traveler. Close to tube station Earl's Court. My room looked out on the garden in the back. Almost tropical! Would definitely stay there again.Front desk staff always courteous and helpful.Leaving before breakfast? They'll picnic pack one for you.	
Jun 26 2007	solid 3 stars	I stayed here in mid May 2007 after reading all the favorable reviews. TripAdvisor is incredible for travel planning and I thought I'd reciprocate and contribute some thoughts.I'd describe the double room I had as okay. Maybe worn-out Ikea with a much nicer bathroom. The bathroom shower is designed so that you have to conserve water usage, which was pretty ingenious.PROS:- Located a block and a half away from the Earl’s Court tube. Easy access to and from Heathrow, and two tube lines, Piccadilly and District, make for very easy access to the rest of the city.- Plenty of reliable cheap eats in the neighborhood (Wagamama, Mazala Zone, Gourmet Burger Kitchen, etc.)- 5 free internet stations in the hotel - very handy- Hotel clerks were friendly and helpfulCONS:- The bed was rock-hard. - Location. The Earl’s Court tube location is very convenient but it also can, as another reviewer just mentioned, make for quite a lot of travel if you’re in London to tour the sites. If I had to stay in the same general area next time I might go back to the K+K, depending on the rate, but I'd probably try harder to get a hotel near the S. Kensington tube stop. As a sidenote, when I first alighted from Earl's Court tube station the first thing I saw was a Knife Surrender Bin, which was a little alarming! But really the area didn't seem dodgy.- I disliked having to surrender my keycard to the front desk and retrieve it every time I exit and return. The main reason is lack of security, as all you do is call out your room number and the hotel clerk (different person almost every time) hands you the keycard without verifying your identity. Also, did anyone else here find the K+K’s keycard system weird?- If breakfast is not included in your rate don’t bother. It’s plentiful but that’s about it.One more thing. This is not at all the hotel's fault, but some serious building construction is happening, looks like just starting, next to the hotel (the northwest corner, I think). My room happened to face this area, and when I returned one afternoon for a quick nap the noise was horrible. But most people are out touring the whole day so this isn't a big problem. Overall, I would stay here again if I got a rate at or under $200 and if my main business or activities were concentrated in the area.	
Jun 25 2007	Great London Hotel at a good price	We stayed at this hotel 6/19-25/07. We chose it because of the great reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. The hotel was clean and modern. The room was small, but that is the rule in European city hotels. We found it quite comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful marble throughout. The room set up made quite efficient use of the available space. We had a garden view double room on the third floor. Lovely view. Great buffet breakfast, although our room rate did not include it and it was 12 GBP per person, so we only ate there the last day.The hotel was in a very convenient location and a relatively nice area with easy tube access and restaurants.Staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 24 2007 	Perfect stay for our family with teens!	We looked all over London and could not find anything half way reasonable for a family of 4 with teenagers. We were very pleased with this hotel, as it was very clean, the rooms were small but nicely kept, and the staff was wonderful. The hotel was also very easy to get to from London Heathrow, as all we did was take the Tube to Earls Court, and walk 1.5 blocks with luggage to the hotel. It was so easy! Then the Tube took us to all of our London sites within minutes and it was easy all three days we were there. While the location was not super high end, it was perfect for us and we felt more than fine at night or during the day.The rooms were efficient and clean. Ours over-looked the rear garden and we slept with our windows open for fresh air. We did not smell any cigarette smoke at all (a rare thing in Europe) in our rooms, but there was smoking in the bar area in the lobby. (This is changing in July, 2007 when smoking is not allowed in London bars and hotels). The beds were very comfortable and the room was made up daily. Each morning, a full English breakfast was served (included in our room) and there was a ton of good food to choose from. There was also a very nice internet center with multiple computers.	
Jun 19 2007	a likeable spot	We booked 4 nites into the Hotel George early in June -- in part because of the good reviews on tripadvisor. Overall, our stay was perfectly pleasant. The room -- a double -- was hardly large, but suited us fine, and looked out on the hotel's lovely back garden (ask for that view!). Bathroom clean, lots of hot water, modern fixtures (kind of a struggle to deal with shower's half-door, though, and water ended up on the floor every time). Didn't use the TV so don't know how good it was or what channels you could get, nor the mini-bar but there was one. In general, we thought the room was fairly spare, and I think that was an intended design theme. But it was quiet and we slept well.The hotel breakfast buffet was included in our rate and was fine, but certainly not an outstanding spread. We don't eat large breakfasts so a lot of the stuff was probably wasted on us. Nice bar, and useful internet access throughout the hotel. Front desk and other staff were always pleasant and helpful. The K&amp;K George, from our point of view , is certainly a professional, well-run place, and you probably can't go wrong booking here as long as you can find a discount and don;t try to cram a family into your room.The downside is the location...but not for reasons of being a dodgy area. We liked the Earl's Court area just fine. It's not fancy and it has more of a middle-class working person's London feel to it. We liked walking around the neighborhood and even ate there one night. Lots of services, and the subway stop will take you any where. But we would have preferred a more central location, at least for this trip. So be warned: Yes, the tube is very convenient to the George, but if you go out all day sightseeing or shopping and then want to come back before a night on the town, it can make for a lot of travel.	
Jun 19 2007 	a little disappointed after the great ratings but it was okay	We picked this hotel because of the great ratings on TripAdvisor - it was rated number 37 overall in all of London. Because of that rating and high expectations, I was a bit underwhelmed by it. Bad things first:1. NOISY AS HELL... I had people who were just talking in their bedroom above me until 1 am, and I could hear every single word. They weren't being noisy or obnoxious; and when they simply walked across the room it sounded like a troup of elephants. Tried turning on the TV for some white noise and it didn't work. A/C didn't work and room was starting to boil. Desperate for some sleep after being jetlagged, I finally called downstairs and asked the manager if there was anything that they could do to help. In their defense, see the &quot;Good things&quot; section.2. Location - was okay, but not THAT great. Close to tube, true. There were some few cool restaurants within a block or four. That was about it - not much else to see/do in this immediate area. 3. Room - my room overlooking the garden was okay; but the twin room my mom and sister had to share was not worth the price - had half-windows at the top of the room so couldn't even look out of them, and was small and crowded.Good things:1. When I did have a problem, they were very good about trying to resolve it. The very nice Scottish gentleman who was the nightman on duty was very brave about confronting a hysterical sleep-deprived woman at 1am, and solved all of my problems on the spot - fixed the TV, fixed the A/C, then went upstairs and told the people above me to go to bed - and it worked! All in a very professional manner. 2. Internet access - GREAT.... they have FIVE FREE internet terminals set up just for their customers.3. Customer Service - the staff all tried to be very helpful when possible, although they didn't have a true concierge on staff - not much to go on as far as recommending restaurants, etc.4. The breakfast was a very nice addition.All in all, though, I probably wouldn't bother staying there again. It didn't come across to me as somewhere I would ever make my &quot;home away from home&quot;. And I didn't think the price was that great - 125 GBP/night can still get you some pretty nice hotels in London in better spots.	
Jun 14 2007	Very good hotel; great location	Overall, this is a great place to stay. Already had a room booked a few blocks away but got a last minute e-mail from a travel site with a deal through Expedia for this hotel for $180 US / night.Positives - quiet location; clean hotel and rooms; looks good; new bathroom, hot water flows, nice TV; good size bed (I'm 6 ft. 4) - think it was an American queen size (not 2 beds pushed together). Nice lobby and bar; have 4 computers with printers and free internet access downstairs. Fitness center is not open as of May 31 - another month they said.It's a safe and clean area day or night; a 3 minute walk to the Earls Court tube station (10 minutes into downtown London; a 45 minute ride, direct route, to Heathrow on the Picadilly line for 4 pounds); many restaurants on Earls Court Road - not just English fare but Italian, Indian, Thai, etc.; Starbucks and other coffee shops; pubs; grocery and convenience stores.Negatives - room on the small side but it is well organized; bed was too hard; bathroom didn't have a fan. That's it.Definitely would stay here again, especially if I could get the room for under $200 US dollars a night.	
Jun 12 2007 	Expensive but average in convenient but downbeat area	Room stylish but very cramped, glass wardrobe door and mirror quite badly cracked. Good large bed, but TV has limited channels and no BBC Radio 4. Can use fridge to chill your own drinks. Large doors opened onto shared balcony, but could not leave open for security, and no other opening window. Air con feeble. Buffet breakfast fairly good, though hot food indifferent eg hard poached eggs, poor sausage. Coffee excellent when you could get it. Very pleasant gardens available to all guests. Very close to excellent tube links. Good restaurants 5-10 minutes away, handy local shops open late, but area pretty mixed with vagrants and transient cheap hotels/hostels and bedsits in evidence, though probably fairly safe. It isn't posh. Overall pretty average in a convenient but downbeat area, with ambitious pricing whichever way you book.	
Jun 9 2007 	Nice neighborhood helpful staff close to tube	The hotel exceeded my expectations for the price. It is close to a tube stop, in a nice neighborhood close enough to the center of town, and was very clean and nicely appointed. The staff recommended great restaurants each night, all within 4 blocks of the hotel. I would absolutely stay there again. And for internet junkies, there are five computers for guest use, including a few printers to print your boarding pass or whatever else. Although pricey (like all food in London) the hotel buffet breakfast was great. We were there during a rainy period but there is a small garden in the back where you could have breakfast or tea if the weather was right.	
Jun 8 2007 	We loved our stay!	Excellent experience. We were given an upgraded room with twin beds rather than the double requested. They would have changed it but the double room was considerable smaller. The staff could not have been more helpful. The hotel is modern, clean and has 5 computers with free internet access available to guests at all times. The room was small but well-designed with places for everything out of site. The bathroom was the best on our trip with a great shower, wonderful soap and towels. A full English breakfast buffet was available each day from 6:30 or 7 to 11:00 or 11:30, with unlimited coffee, allowing for welcome leisure in the morning before a full day of touring. The location is excellent, several minutes walk to a very convenient tube station.Very comfortable bar and lounge. There was a small area in the lobby for smokers but that was a minor inconvenience. We would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 5 2007 	Very pleaseant stay	George Hotelvery nice hotel - stayed in a triple and their was plenty of room - location was 1 block of the earls court underground station.- nice area good breakfast - over all a friendly staff.-very please traveler	
May 29 2007 	A very pleasant stay	Stayed at the Hotel George in late April 2007 for a conference at Earls Court. Excellent location for this purpose. Took the Underground from Heathrow and walked 2 mins to hotel. Had a business meeting one early evening in the bar; a decent but smoky setting. Breakfast was included in my rate; it was OK but I had a hard time distinguishing some buffet items--was fine with the basics. Hotel staff was very good. Had wired Internet in the room and the hotel has many computers on the basement floor for connecting to the web. Definitely would recommend it especially if you are OK traveling by The Tube around London.	
May 28 2007 	Best Breakfast of the trip	The K &amp; K George is a lovely hotel but we must have had the smallest room. The furnishings were ordinary in the room. The hotel reception, bar, and internet services were very good. Staff helpful. Breakfast was really, really good with a top notch selection. We would stay here again but only if we could get a bigger room.	
May 27 2007 	Really Nice!!	While we booked this hotel primarily to be near the Picadilly tube line for Heathrow access, it certainly lived up to all the great reviews on here! The staff was very friendly and helpful.Though the room we had was quite small, it was well appointed and the bed was very comfy. Loved the ultra modern bathroom;the strong shower was lovely after a long day of walking and sight-seeing!If i had to find anything at all to quibble about it might be the rather odd door key system--we found it difficult to navigate, and each time it took us several minutes to get into the room.Other than that.. it was great!	
May 19 2007 	Great location	K+K is in a great location, very close to the Earl's Court train station and a variety of restaurants. It is on a very pretty, quiet street. The room was nice, but very small, as expected in London. The view from the room was quite pretty. The hotel staff was very nice. The remote control and heater in my room were broked, and they sent someone up right away. The remote was fixed but they had to give me a portable heater with the promise that the heat would be fixed the next day.This trip was for pleasure and I would definitely stay again for this reason. The value for the money was good. If I was traveling for business, I prefer to stay in a more modern hotel with more amenities.	
May 18 2007 	Great!	Just such a great hotell. Sure, small rooms but thats London. We will certanly return to this hotell and recomend it to others.	
May 18 2007	Good Hotel - Would definately Recommend	My wife and I booked 3 nights at this hotel via Expedia with a great rate of approx $150/night. It's located away from the city central area, but it's just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station (lke 2 blocks). We arrived via Healthrow and took the tube directly to Earl's Court without problems. The neighborhood is more residential and reminded us of like neighborhoods here in Chicago. Mostly, younger, up and coming. There are several resturants, bars, coffee shops, grocery shops in the area. We also found a laundrymat just around the corner on Earl's Court road. Nice. Hotel staff was pleasant and helpful with directions and recommendations. We requested and received a room on a high floor facing the garden in the rear. The room was very clean and quiet, but also very small. The bathroom was very small but they were still able to provide all the essentials, including some nice soaps and shampoos, ect. The room had sufficient storage for bags and such, there's a mini bar with a mini room safe (we used the latter, not the former) within the TV stand. The double bed we requested was actually two twins shoved together. We weren't thrilled with this but really liked the room location and the beds were comfortable so decided to stay in that room anyway. There is an internet station located in the basement with free access and free printing -- a really nice addition for travelers and we were able to print our boarding passes for the flight out as well as book additional hotels from that location. Very nice. There's also another station located in the lobby off the bar, but of course is not as private. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on food, although we did retire with a drink there everynight which was very nice. Overall, would definately recomment the K+K Hotel George.	
May 16 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	We spent this past weekend (11-13 May) at the K+K George. The staff were very professional and friendly. The room, while on the small side, was very clean with everything that we needed. We stayed in a standard double room. The breakfast in the morning was excellent-large amount of choice. There is also a well stocked bar. The tube station is very close-there is also a Sommerfield on Earl's Court Road with a large Tesco about a 10 minute walk away. We both felt safe in the area surrounding the hotel. The only downside was the temperature of the room. Even though the weekend was not warm, we had to open up the windows. We would stay there again. It is very good value for money.	
May 16 2007 	Excellent for Earls Court	I booked an executive double and my sister booked a standard twin for Saturday night (we went to see Roger Waters and Nick Mason of Pink Floyd perform Dark Side of the Moon, which was terrific). I was pleasantly surprised by how close to the Earls Court Olympia the hotel is, and that it was nevertheless in a fairly quiet area.We parked on the street (free on Sunday). Next to the hotel is a building site (was this once a car park?). I don't know where the nearest car park is, but there seems no parking problem at the weekend. The hotel staff are friendly and they upgraded my sister's room which was a nice touch. The (executive) rooms were very good, clean and bright; everything worked including the internet access for my laptop.I would be happy to stay at the K &amp; K Hotel George again as a base for the Hammersmith area.	
May 16 2007 	Great location and comfy rooms	I stayed at the K&amp;K george with my wife and spent 5 nites (10~15 may 2007) there. We both felt it was very good and very good value for money. Rooms are quiet and spaciuos, well above london standards, the location is great just 2 minutes walking from the tube, and breakfast was good and served until 11 PM!!! The hotel is all wi-fi with connections in each room. Reccomended for couples and biz trips alike.Enrico M.M.	
May 7 2007 	Highly Recommended	Stayed at the K &amp; K London for three nights on a girls weekend. We were extremely impressed. The hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant, recommending tours and restaurants. The breakfast is great, a full hot and cold buffet with lots of choice and open til 11.30 am at the weekend. The room was very clean and well serviced, great shower in the marble bathroom, the room was slightly on the small side maybe for some but we found it fine. Very comfy duvets on the beds. Internet lounge was great. The bar was lovely and a served a good selection of food and drink. It was great to come back to a nice hotel at the end of the day or night.The area is a little dodgy, some nice restaurants, give the bars on earls court road a miss. The hotel is 2 mins from the tube so no problem with going anywhere you want.Overall , I will definately be staying at the K &amp; K again.	
Apr 17 2007 	What a fantastic place!	The K &amp; K George surpassed our expectations! The staff was extremely helpful when we arrived. We were greeted with a complimentary drink at the hotel bar. Our room was comfortable and very clean, it also overlooked the beautiful garden. The staff was able to direct us to an excellent restaurant within walking distance and also gave us a card for a 20% discount on the entire meal. We enjoyed the food so much we went back to the Strada on our last night in London. The hotel has internet access and we were able to print our boarding passes for our flight home, what an added plus. We enjoyed the garden, the lounge, the breakfast buffet, the pleasant atmosphere, and most of all the friendly staff. What a fantastic trip to London,the K &amp; K would be the place we would stay again! You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 12 2007 	Would stay here again	My husband and I booked this hotel based on the reviews that we read on this site. We were very pleased with our experience. The hotel islocated on a quiet street in a quaint neighborhood. We were not closeto any of the big tourist attractions, but we were a very short walk from the Tube which can take you anywhere.Our hotel room was clean with a nice view of a garden. The room is small, but there are enough shelves, closets, tables, and hooks that we managed to find somewhere to store everything. There are several computers in the lower level of the hotel, so we were able to connect to the Internet as needed.I can only think of 2 negatives. First, our room was a little warm and the air conditioning was pitiful. However, we just opened our windows to the cool spring air outside, and everything was fine. I am not sure if this would be a bigger problem in the warmer summer months. Second, we realized after we got there that our rate did not include the breakfast buffet. This was not a big deal since there areplenty of little bakeries right down the street, but keep this in mind when you are booking your stay.Overall, we would definitely stay here again. Enjoy!	
Apr 6 2007 	Good Hotel - Pity about the Car Park	Booked a three night stay because they had a car park - a rarity in London. I telephoned the day before travel to confirm a parking place but was told it was on a &quot;first come, first served&quot; basis - fair enough. Was told that there WAS a disabled space (just one, mind you).On arrival the next day, we found the car park filled with a large crane and a notice stating Car Park Closed. Apparently the car park had closed the day before (the day I telephoned)! Although the builders were quite helpful and offered me a spare place in the car park, the Hotel staff would not co-operate and I ended up parking over a mile away in a Homebase car park at the cost of £15 per day.We would have traveled by train if we had known about the closure. However, apart from that glitch, the Hotel and staff were quite superb.The Hotel itself is decorated and furnished in what can only be called the &quot;minimalist style&quot; - not to my liking but very effective and no expense has been spared. A pleasant bar and lounge - though rather small. All furnishing looked brand new.The Breakfast is what EVERY hotel should aspire too!!! Open for four hours, The choice was FANTASTIC - cooked English, continental, American, unlimited coffee and tea, fruit juices - everything you could possibly want for Breakfast!Every member of staff greeted us pleasantly, with the Reception staff wishing us a pleasant day when going out and enquiring on our day when returning.All rooms were spotlessly clean.Free Internet and wifi connection.Highly recommended.	
Apr 5 2007 	Perfect Stay	Found this classy, detailed hotel in quiet, Earl's Court part of London on TripAdvisor and booked based on strength of reviews. Was absolutely not disappointed. Had a standard double occupancy room with two twins (though US visitors should know - this generally always means they'll still be pushed together) and lots of nice touches. The room was very compact - not so much small. Space for all you needed but every inch of space used. High-end linens, Nice marble and porcelain in the bath room with the UK delight - a towel warmer. (These are everywhere in the UK). Staff was classy and polite while not doting. Initially got to the hotel about 11:20am, were ging to store luggage but by the time we &quot;freshened up&quot; and got ready to drop bags - - the room was ready. The breakfast was nice and not expensive for the options. The garden or back yard as we say in the States is lovely. Green, leafy and would be a delight in the Spring/Summer. Location is excellent! Just off the District/Circle lines and 2 blocks to the Underground Station at Earl's Court. You can be in the thick of things in Westminster or Regent St. with a quick change to the Bakerloo off of the District and Circle - the location truly can't be beat. We had high-speed ethernet based internet at no charge in our room and wireless internet always available in the lobby - speeds in both were very fast, much faster than common broadband speeds in the states (as is also a trend across europe.) Overall - a great stay in a great hotel, would LOVE to stay again.	
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent value convenient for tourists	Hotel George is conveniently located about a three minute walk from the Earl's Court Tube station, a major transit hub for London and one of the first stops near central London if you take the tube from Heathrow. The convenience of the tube from Heathrow can be a significant savings in airport transit. Earl's Court station is about 5 stops from the West End entertainment area and major London landmarks. This is close enough for most value-conscious tourists. It can be a bit too far from business districts for business travelers.The Hotel is far enough from Earl's Court Road to be rather quiet, yet close to many restaurants and services. It is especially convenient if you are attending an event at the Earl's Court Centre.The hotel itself is very clean. The lobby and my room were modern and fresh while the exterior is newly white-washed historic Georgian. The room was rather small, but neatly appointed. There is a beautiful garden in back if you have time to linger.I found the hotel an excellent value. A few more square feet in the room and it would have been an easy &quot;5.&quot;	
Apr 4 2007	Awesome hotel	We stayed at the K &amp; K Hotel George for 5 nights in Mar 07. I can't think of anything at all that was wrong with this hotel. From the time we checked in to check out we were very pleased with all aspects of our stay. The staff , from the front desk to the housekeepers were all very friendly and helpful. We had a corner room on the 3rd floor that was very quiet , clean and peaceful. The best surprise was the complimentry use of 4 computers which came in handy when we needed to print our boarding passes for the trip home. Another plus was the complimentry breakfast each morning, it was very nicely presented and delicious. I would very highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable and reasonable hotel. This hotel is only a 2 minute walk to the Earls Court tube station.On my next trip to London, I look forward to staying at the K &amp; K Hotel George again. Enjoy ! !	
Apr 3 2007	Not terrible but I wouldn't return	It's not that the Hotel George is a place I'd avoid, and if someone else booked me a room there, I'd stay. But I just don't see any reason to return.The room was decent and clean if starting to age a bit. I couldn't get the free wireless access to work (it kept insisting I give it a password and the front desk kept insisting a password wasn't needed), but the LAN cable worked fine.The service was less than stellar, however. My bathroom didn't have soap when I arrived and it took 2 calls and 3 hours to get some delivered.I don't know if it was an isolated incident, but the hotel was without hot water for several hours. It was fixed by the next morning.	
Mar 31 2007	Wow! What a great hotel!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during a tourist stop in London. We cashed in some airline miles to pay for the hotel, and it was well worth it. The only negative to this hotel was the small room size, which is to be expected in the UK, and there was only one extremely small working elevator. Everything else was fantastic. The room was very clean, nice simple furniture. We had a room looking over the quaint courtyard in the back of the hotel. The AC was very quiet. The staff was courteous and helpful. The location was great, just a block from the Earl's Court Underground station, and a block from dozens of good restaurants. Our hotel stay included breakfast, which was amazing. The buffet included everything from champaign to you standard sausage and eggs. And the hours were very accommodating. Great way to start a long day of sight seeing. I am looking forward to staying at the K+K again during my next visit to London.	
Mar 26 2007 	2nd Stay as great as our First....	Once again, we ran over to London for about 5 days -- it was our anniversary this time. No question as to where to stay -- Hotel George. Always friendly, neat and clean, and just love the breakfast buffet. With the Earl's Court tube stop around the corner, it's so easy &quot;to do London&quot;. Will stay here again and again and again..............	
Mar 22 2007 	Good value! Recommended!	I booked this hotel is because I found all the accolade at here! and now I can say, I will surely go back to it when I visit London again. The first impression when I step in is that the lobby is modern and clean, and the staffs are most friendly and helpful. The room is small, but new furnished! and looks very safe! The bathroom looks bright new as well. There are free internet access in the room. The breakfast is also great.Considering the value, I really recommend it if you are searching for a 100 pounds per night accomodation in London.	
Mar 8 2007	Great Hotel	I'd heard good things about this hotel from colleagues and I wasn't disappointed! The hotel is in a great location - a very quiet street near both Earl's Court Tube Station and Earl's Court itself. There are also some nice restaurants and bars within easy walking distance; I felt quite safe wondering about! The hotel itself was very clean and comfortable. I stayed in a second floor bedroom. On check in the receptionist warned me that there were some renovations taking place on that floor. After checking in she gave me a brief showround of the public areas, pointing out everything I could have neede to know. She then accompanied me up to my room, so that I &quot;wouldn't be alarmed&quot; by any of the building work. I certainley wasn't - apart from dust sheets lining the hall carpets there was very little disruption to the 2nd floor and all the work seemed to take place from 9-5, so I didn't experience any disturbance. She also proceeded to show me how to work the room key (just as well as it was a little different from others I had used before!). I was impressed at the attention to detail that the reception staff took to checking guests in - a very helpful and welcoming gesture! The room was nice - spotless and well presented. The bathroom was compact, but perfectly appointed. Breakfast was good - my only complaint was that the bacon was a little fatty and not very crisp, but that is a matter of personal preference! The only thing I would mention was that on check out, a member of staff tried to charge me for a drink from the bar. I hadn't had a drink from the bar so I queried this. The man then corrected himself and said it was a drink from the mini-bar - which had never been touched. When I pointed this out he was happy to accept it and I was not charged. I only mention this because a woman who checked out shortly before me was asked the same thing. She backed down and said she must have forgotten ordering a drink at the bar and paid the bill. Not a big issue, but just make sure you don't pay for any hidden extras like drinks that you've not had!	
Mar 7 2007 	Great hotel at a very reasonable price.	My collegue and I stayed at this hotel for two nights in a twin room. The staff were very friendly and helpful, letting us check in half-an-hour earlier than the regular time, the room was clean and although not huge, very reasonable by London standards. We overlooked the lovely garden, which was very nice. The bathroom was modern and attractive, with a wet-room style shower screened off at one side. The TV had German and French channels - we watched Knightrider dubbed into German while we got dressed! Very funny. The reception area and bar are very modern and slick - I met some friends from London in the hotel bar and they were very impressed. My collegue and I also ate lunch there one day, and the food was excellent. The breakfast was plentiful and there was lots of choice if you don't fancy a full English, although it seemed a bit expensive at £12 a head. We did get a voucher to buy one, get one half price when we checked in, though. There are also plenty of restaurants, take-aways and supermarkets in the area, though, so you don't need to eat at the hotel if you don't want to.We were also very surprised and impressed by the area. The main road looked a bit rough but we never felt worried (as two young women), and when we got lost on the way to the hotel (stupidity, rather than the hotel being difficult to find!) we asked directions and found that all the people on one residential street seemed to know each other! Very unusual for London.All in all, highly recommended and really extraordinary for the price!	
Feb 28 2007 	quiet understated lovely	I've now stayed here twice and have had a great expereince on both occasions. The hotel is not luxurious but very clean and very quiet and very professional which is great. the rooms are quite spacious and the bathrooms are lovely with tiletires and lots of good hot water. I stay on the fifth floor to get the best view over the rooftops of London, ask for the street side which is very quiet. The receptionists are not over-friendly but are professional and quickly attend to any queries or problems. and of course, the legendary breakfast is included in the reasonable price. It is amazing, just about anything that you would want for breakfast is available from an 'eat-as much as you want' buffet, inlcuding champagne!!!! Defintiely recommended for someone who want sa quiet, hotel in a great location. Walking distance from the museums and parks - lovely!	
Feb 24 2007 	Great location we were very happy!	My husband and I stayed there for our honeymoon. We found the hotel to be in an excellent location---very close to the tube and very accessible to all touristy attractions. We were a short tube ride away from everything. It was also on the tube line to the airport which is quite convenient. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly, and we were very happy. The staff was very helpful, and made excellent recommendations. We also enjoyed the 24-hour business office with complementary internet. The neighborhood was nice, clean, and safe, and we were comfortable walking around. It was also a nice neighborhood for jogging/walking. We will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 20 2007 	Terrific Value	After reading the generally favourable reviews I had decent expectations of the K+K George. I'm delighted to report that the hotel lived up to, and probably exceeded, those expectations.The Earl's Court location isn't that central, but the hotel is only a very short walk from Earls Court tube with excellent links to most key locations. The hotel is in a quiet side street, but the area round the tube station has plenty of shops, pubs and restaurants.The rooms are compact, but big enough, and the decor is contemporary in style. The room was spotless and comfortable.The staff were friendly and the service excellent. The breakfast buffet was a highlight and offered a wide selection - great value at just £12 per head (if not included in your room rate).Considering the relatively modest price, this hotel offers terrific value, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great Breakfast!	I stayed in this property for 1 night for my birthday....I was attending a concert at wembley so I didn't book the best location for this but this area was recommended by a friend as a great place to drink/eat etc which is what we wanted as we where there for the full weekend. The hotel room was quite spacious and bathroom was lovely and modern. The hotel itself was quite contemporary with an old fashioned feel to the rooms also.The breakfast in the morning was to die for! So much to choose from ....definately worthwhile booking bed and breakfast rather than room only. Staff where very friendly and professional.Overall a lovely hotel which i would recommend if wanting to be in the earls court area .	
Feb 12 2007 	Location Location Location	The location of this hotel is wonderful, it's a 1 minute walk to 6 PUBS and just a three minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station, which being on the major lines will take you anywhere in London.The hotel is Absolutely Immaculate the rooms are serviced every day.On arrival the hotel seemed a little lifeless, there were not many people around, the check in staff were friendly enough. We had a king bed, which was clean, very spacious for London terms. Take the updgrade on the first floor - well worth the extra money. Breakfast was wonderful, if you don't get an inclusive rate pay for it anyway. There is a good selection of cold fruit , yogurts and juices, there was a great full english breakfast included as well - every thing you could want.The free computers and printers were wonderful and the down stairs lounge is great to grab food and bring back to the hotel and eat - without getting your room smelly or dirty.Again this hotel had the best location we could ever had hoped for and off of the main street made it very quite. Every time we go back to London this will be our hotel of choice.	
Feb 8 2007	An Adequate Hotel	A friend and I stayed at the K&amp;K during the hottest week in July, 2006. The &quot;AC&quot; was totally overwhelmed by the heat, especially in rooms facing the garden. Even when the weather cooled off, the AC wasn't up to American standards which, I hasten to say is the way it is in Europe. We Americans can't expect everything the way it is at home!! It was clean, however the room was never serviced before 4 or 5PM each day. Our room was near an elevator and was VERY noisy. As mentioned by other reviewers, the rooms are very small and the bathrooms tiny, but functional. The breakfast (which was included in our rate) was delicious and substantial. Often we'd have a big breakfast and be good all day until tea time. The free internet and printing were invaluable -- especially for travelers so far away from home. The staff was pleasant enough, but the service was merely adequate, not outstanding. The Earl's Court area is a bit &quot;scruffy&quot; as another reivewer put it but you can't beat the proximity to the tube. There are several &quot;mini&quot; grocery stores in the area, but if you walk about 10 minutes (get directions from a local) there is a huge Tesco supermarket. We were headed to a Mediterranean cruise after our stay and were able to load up on wine, detergent, etc. without paying the higher prices at the mini stores. All in all, I've stayed places I like better in London, but it's a decent value for the money!	
Jan 20 2007	a great hotel	Excellent staff,prompt reply to each &amp; every e-mail enquiry, no matter how trivial.Very attractive &amp; spotless public areas.Breakfast included in our tariff,beautifully presented &amp; tasty.Front desk staff very helpful&amp; polite.Lovely garden area -could not sit outside as it was winter but provided a pleasant outlook.Great location,handy to tube, bus routes &amp; many &amp; varied cafes &amp; restaurants.Bathrooms clean &amp; shower areas about to be renovated-much needed.Parents room a bit small but our kids room with 2 single beds much roomier. In conclusion ,a well run , clean ,attractive hotel I will highly recommend.	
Jan 19 2007 	Nice little hotel	Good hotel located near Earls Court. We stayed for one night i November of 2006. It is located within few minutes walking distance to the earls Court Underground station. The rooms were clean and tidy. Not too small and not big. somewhere in the middle in size. Much better than many smaller hotels. The staff were nice and very helpful in getting a car to take us out to dinner. There are some good pubs located within a few minutes walking distance.	
Jan 19 2007 	Good certainly for the area	Well known small hotel, right behind Earl's Court Tube, so great location. Small rooms are very small and bathrooms quite simple, but free Wifi/ADSL is great and breakfast buffet ample. Prices fluctuate wildly and over $225 this really just becomes too expensive.	
Jan 16 2007 	Good Choice/Great Breakfast	We stayed four nights. We enjoyed the breakfast and headed out to experience London as vacationers. The location was good. Not right in the middle of everything but not far away by the Tube. The room was clean. The bed wasn't the most comfortable, the room wasn't that large. The price was OK for London which is expensive. They cleaned the room fine. It had a certain England architectural quaintness. eg. not a typical american hotel. Nice little backyard, no parttiularly awesome facilities but it was London, which is typical it seems.If you want a decent price and a good place to stay..go for it.	
Jan 6 2007 	Well decorated clean and an all around great stay.	I gave this hotel 5 stars not because it is the most amazing hotel in London, but for what it is and tries to be, i.e. a great base for seeing the city at a reasonable price, it is fantastic. It's not the Ritz and doesn't pretend to be so don't expect it.My wife and I spent 6 nights there through the New Year holiday and it was wonderful. We arrived around 8:30am and to our surprise they sent us directly to our room within 5 minutes and also told us we could attend breakfast that morning. We had already resigned ourselves to haven to lock away our luggage and tour the city in totally exhausted bodies, so this was an incredible treat. The room was terribly tiny, but that's just London so I can't dock them points for that. The room was tastefully decorated, and perfectly clean. Sheets were changed only once during our stay, but from our experience in countries other than America this seems to be the norm. We stayed in Jamaica two years ago in a beautiful resort and they only changed our sheets once as well, halfway through the stay of 5 nights. As to the breakfast, it was included with our package booked through British Airways and it was quite delicious, although the same thing was served everyday so that did get a bit boring, but at least it was yummy. :)The hotel has a perfect location, literally a 2-3 minute walk to Earl's Court tube, which in our experience was one of the least crowded stations so it was great to be able to hop on the tube in the morning without 100 people trying to cram on with us.The staff was very professional and attentive, especially while dining. I do not understand the reviewer who said there were some swarthy gentlemen in the lobby...yes there is smoking in the lobby but we never saw anyone in the hotel anywhere that could be considered unsavory or swarthy. Everyone was exceptionally nice and well dressed both staff and guests.We highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a reasonably priced hotel to explore the sights of London. Though we do recommend you book indirectly as the prices for the rooms on the wall were 185 pounds for the room we stayed in, which is roughly $370. We paid nowhere near that amount and it was worth every penny, though I would have been put off by a price tag of $370.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great London Hotel	We stayed here on New Years Eve, and was surprised to get a really good rate for the night. Upon arriving (before check in time!) we were told that they had upgraded our room, and that we could check in straight away.The reception staff were very helpful, and room service were quite attentive.The hotel is just round the corner from Earls Court Tube, and we walked from the hotel all the way to Hyde Park in 45 mins, passing a few sights on the way.Breakfast gave plenty of choice, and over the holiday period was served till 12pm, which was handy on New Years Day.Lovely hotel, would definately recommend!	
Jan 2 2007 	great hotel	My husband and I just returned from a short trip to London.We had stayed at the K&amp;K two years ago and really enjoyed our stay. This time was no exception. We got a pretty good deal from United Vacations with breakfast included, so we decided to make the trip right after Christmas.We did have a rather small room-it was the standard size--but it had a nice queen size bed with a down comforter. Since we didn't spend that much time in the room, the size wasn't a problem.The hotel offers a great buffet breakfast and they were serving until noon--I think only because it was holiday time. They also offer free internet in the lobby and business area. The location is right around the corner from the Earls Court tube and you can connect directly to Heathrow airport--which saves a lot of money on taxi fare! There are several good restaurants in the neighborhood, as well as fast food places (McDonalds,KFC, etc) and grocery stores and ATMs nearby. We love the location!We also stayed at their properties in Vienna and Prague and the locations are great at each!I highly recommend this hotel!	
Dec 19 2006 	We really enjoyed the K+K Hotel George!	My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel George November 22nd-25th, we then left for Paris (we stayed at the K+K Cayre) then we came back to Hotel George on the 28th.We chose this hotel in London mainly for the good reviews, and because my boyfriend has stayed at K+K Hotels previously and had good luck with them - so we gave it a go!Check in was a breeze and we were able to get into our room right away at 10:00 - which was wonderful after our long trip from Minneapolis!The lobby is small but lovely and the people at the front desk were professional but friendly. Right off the lobby is kind of a sitting room in which people were allowed to smoke (kind of odd) and straight back from that was the bar (where there was NO smoking - so you have to walk through the smoke to get to non-smoking!!) Anyhoo, the bar area is two rooms - one small room with tables and the next room has a nice fireplace and chairs....looked comfy, though we didn't spend any time in there.Onto our room...The room was very clean and modern (looked very recently remodeled?) and it had an actual full/queen size bed! Not two beds pushed together! YEAH!!The bedding was crisp and clean - surprising b/c it was white - they must wash those comforter covers often! The pillows were large and again, comfortable, so that was a huge plus for me.The rooms are normal size for what I've stayed at previously in the UK. They are not spacious by any means - but adequate - and the two of us found space for both of our suitcases and all of our stuff. There is a nice sized closet and a nook with a stand for a suitcase. We never had any episodes of frustration because we had no place to put things.The bath was quite small, but again, served its purpose. Very clean, good water pressure and we always had hot water. The two negatives here would be I wasn't in love with the products they provide you (no worries, I always bring my own) and the hair dryer isn't good for people who have thick long hair (I had to dry mine in stages.)There is free internet in the room - which came in handy as Brian brought his laptop. We checked weather, our flights, train schedules, etc... there is a computer in the main lobby, and two in the business centre downstairs.We got breakfast included in our rate, so we did eat at the hotel every morning. We felt it was a good start to our day and the buffet included eggs, meats, cheeses, cereals, pastries, fruit, yogurts, juices and even champagne! The staff was always very busy replenshing the buffet - and surprisingly, breakfast was served until 11:00 am! That was great for us as we slept in and still managed to go down and eat!The location of the hotel isn't super convenient to any sites - but the fact that it's one block from Earl's Court tube station made our commutes TO the sites very easy! We bought an Oyster week-long pass that we could use City-wide and we took the tube everywhere. I highly recommend doing that. We figure we paid for our passes in two days! (We did walk to the V&amp;A one day, which was about a 20 minute walk - but being that there's not much to see on the way, next time I'd tube it.)The only time we took a cab was to get to Victoria or Waterloo stations. We really didn't want to manuever the steps with our luggage.We didn't eat in the hotel other than breakfast and we only ate in our neighborhood one night - and went to the highly recommended Strada - which yes, we would definitely recommend as well! Great little place with great food and service. WONDERFUL!Other tidbits...There is a Starbucks one block away, straight ahead out the front door through the Mews (alley) - as well as plenty of little convenience stores for snacks, sodas and beer. Save yourself some $$ and buy a six pack and some chips there!Speaking of beer...the pubs close at the ridiculous time of 11:00 pm! So the hotel bars fill up with revelers after that because they stay open until 1:00 am (or is it 2:00?) We went to a pub to enjoy a nice beer and got there at 10:45 for last call! That sucked! In summary....We found the staff very helpful and accomodating - from helping us with directions, places to eat, calling cabs....etc. (They even made us reservations at Nobu which they had to push back for us because we were running late....they were great.)OH - They are doing some renovations right now - but they tended to work from about 9-5 so it didn't bother us. I'm sure if you were bothered by it, they would gladly move you to another room.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and we would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.I'll post photos shortly. If you have any questions, feel free to send me a note at lisajla@hotmail.com.Happy Travels!	
Dec 18 2006 	Nice Hotel - Great breakfast	We have just returned from a week at the K+K george. The hotel is nice located just few steps from the Piccadilly line (Earl's Court stop), which is a great plus.As per previous reviews our room was very small but I personally found it very clean. Few things about the room should be improved as the poor courtesy line (only shampoo, bathfoam and soap), no paytv, no turndown service at night.Great breakfast (it was included in our room rate) with a nice garden view, nice buffet and good service.Some staff at the front desk looks very young + needs training , but beside that they are all very nice.Maybe next time I will try another hotel but I'll not complain to go back	
Dec 13 2006 	Not bad for the price	The K+K George is a somewhat eccentric little hotel in the south end of Kensington.The desk staff all seemed to be from places other than England (Eastern Europe?), which made conversation a little dodgy at times. And the lobby seemed to be filled with swarthy gentlemen who smoked a lot, which made it somewhat unappetizing. (Even though I'm a smoker myself.)But it did have lovely gardens out back. And my room was quite adequate for the (London) price -- AC, free and reliable Internet access, comfortable bed, coffee machine, hair dryer, satellite TV, etc.My room, and the hotel, were also quiet and clean. So I don't understand the recent reviews claiming the contrary.Mind you, the full rack rate of £200 for an 'executive room' is way too high. Through some online shopping around I got the same room for closer to £100, which is about what it was really worth.Overall, not a bad little hotel, located in a funky part of Kensington. Just don't pay full rack rate.	
Nov 30 2006 	Very average hotel	I booked this hotel for the London On-Line conference in late November. The price is very competitive for London, but the hotel is very underwhelming. My room was placed next to the elevator, which made a horrible whining sound all night. Breakfast is ridiculously expensive (more than a dinner), so if you stay, take a short walk and get a pastry on the street. The staff is entirely from eastern Europe (mainly Russia, Lithuania and Ukraine). They are not very eager to help.Positives: Great area, competitive priceNegatives: Poor service, small rooms, no amenities	
Nov 27 2006 	Good value for the cost	My wife, granddaughter (age 10) and I spent two nights at the K&amp;K George Hotel in London. The room was a bit small by U.S. standards, but typical for London -- certainly adequate for three people and our luggage. Our room was clean, and quiet even though it faced the street. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is conveniently located a short walk from the Underground station at Earls Court. The dining facilities were expensive so we dined elsewhere.	
Nov 19 2006	Great choice without splurging out	After terrible experience at NH Kensington, I reserved a room at this small Euro chain with properties in Paris (very good choice too) and elsewhere. Reservation was very professionally handles and at check in I was upgraded.Staff is nice and courteous. Thank God for all the Petras and Danielas from Eastern Europe who work at this and other hotels in London. They are generally very good.Room was indeed on the small side but perfectly acceptable for London with nice touches like flat-screen TV. Bed was great. Almost as nice as the heavenly bed and similar offerings at pricier US chains.Rate included buffet breakfast with sparkling wine.There was cable internet in the room and wireless in the lobby. Both were free which is great. The lobby bar was comfy with fireplace and nice couches and stuffed chairs.Overall a very positive experience and great value for under GDP 150.The hood is not the most exciting in London but there are several pubs and a Starbucks right a block away and then of course Earls Ct. tube which is very convenient for Heathrow and Central London.	
Nov 18 2006 	Great value and location	This hotel was convenient to attractions, quiet, clean and had a very helpful staff. The breakfast was wonderful. My husband thought the room was a little small, but it was bigger than I expected of a hotel in old town homes. Will stay there again.	
Nov 18 2006 	Surprised at previous review	I was prompted to write this because of my surprise at the previous review. I stayed here mid November and though it very good value for a London hotel. The room was not huge, but very clean, with amazing range of international TV channels and an excellent breakfast, with plenty of fresh variety. Prices in the bar were a lot more reasonable than most other London hotels I have stayed in.I will certainly stay here again.	
Nov 15 2006 	Wonderful Value	I have to agree with the previous reviewers. This hotel is a wonderful value. The location is fantastic, just around the corner from Earl's Court station and the high street with plenty of wonderful restaurants, pubs and shops. Despite being so close to Earl's Court Road, it's location on a quiet street made for a good night's sleep. The staff were all efficient, friendly and helpful, and we very much appreciated the complimentary internet access, tea and coffee in the lobby, and the comfortable, smoke-free lounge with fireplace. We didn't try the breakfast as there were so many options on Earl's Court Road, but it looked substantial and fresh, and at 8 pounds it was a far better value than the pricier hotel we had stayed at earlier in the week! The room and bathroom were typical size for London (ie., tiny) but squeaky clean and comfortable. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Wonderful hotel!	
Nov 13 2006 	Very pleasant	Nice, modern hotel located 2 minutes by foot from Earl's court tube, near loads of restaurants. We stayed in the Executive King room which was spacious for London standards and had enough room for 2 large suitcases. The front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. The room and bathroom were clean. The bar gets very smoky in the evenings but there is a smoke-free meeting room downstairs with 2 free internet-capable computers which is open 24 hours: you can also print for free from these terminals, which was extremely handy. We would certainly return to this hotel.	
Nov 11 2006 	Fabulous hotel at a reasonable price	Like most other reviewers, we were very impressed with this hotel. The location is convenient, and the room was quiet and nicely decorated. Not overlarge but perfectly adeqate. The staff were extremel;y helpful. The breakfast was fantastic, down to home made muesli, fresh fruit salad and even champagne!Would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 31 2006 	great location	I stayed at the K &amp; K at the begining of October with my wife and 2 yr old son. We flew into Heathrow, and transferred via tube to Earls court, 5min walk gets you to the hotel. couldn't be any easier. The hotel itself is in a lovely, mainly residential area, however it is well located fot the museums of exhibition road such as the Victoria and Albert and NHM (20 min walk)as well as the shopping of Knightsbridge(30min) both straight up Cromwell road. Proximity of Tube and availabilty of taxis wil get you anywhere in the city relatively quickly. The hotel itself is well appointed with very comfortable, if somewhat small bedrooms, (quite common in London). We booked a superior room for the three of us and although a bit snug, we found it very good.The breakfast is very good and is served in a nice area overlooking the rear garden. If eating out, we would recommend Strada at the corner of Earls court road and Old Brompton road. It is a chain Italian, which serves good quality food in a nice environment. Also if you book through the hotel, you will receive a 20% discount. I have been to London many times on business, but rarely have I had the opportunity to hit the tourist trail. In this regard I found the K &amp; K a perfect base for exploring, and also a comfortable and welcoming place to return. We enjoyed the experience so much that we are returning in December for a couple of nights, to take in the Christmas atmosphere.	
Oct 23 2006 	Excellent place to stay	Myself, my daughter and our friend stayed at the K &amp; K George in London for 10 days. We were more than pleased with the courteous staff and the clean triple room which was assigned to us. The staff were always accomodating and most helpful. Wonderful location to the tube as well as many great eating establishments within walking distance. Our stay was from Oct 12th to October 22nd, 2006. Without hesitation we would return to stay. Joan CooperLantzville, British Columbia, Canada	
Oct 16 2006 	WE will be back!	This was my 4th trip to London and I have finally found a hotel I will return to. The decor is modern and tasteful. The overall feel is very clean and comfortable. As stated in other reviews, the rooms are small and the bathroom was microscopic, but the other aspects of this hotel make up for the lack of space. The internet access was a great plus and there was even a printer downstairs that came in handy on a number of occassions. The buffet breakfast (included in our room rate) was nice to have, as was a bar and restaurant in the hotel that we took advantage of a number of times. On one morning when we were taking the Eurostar to Paris very early, the staff had made up box breakfasts to take w/us. That was fantastic! The location is so great for easy access to greater London. The district, circle and picadilly lines all stop at Earl's Court (two blocks away) so we were able to get everywhere easily. There are a few restauarants I would reccommend that are right around the corner : Masala Zone, Zizzi and Pizza Express. The only cons were : size of the room/bathroom, a bit noisy - I could hear the people next door every time they were taking a shower very clearly.That being said, we will be back for our next trip (there definitely will be one!).	
Oct 12 2006 	Great hotel good location good experience	Though there were a few small irritating things, overall we really liked it here. The directions from the tube to the hotel were so wonderful and precise. it is a comfort to arrive in a new city and not get lost on the way to the hotel!Hotel: Charming side street. Very nice exerior appearance. Smallish by American standards.Staff: OK. The staff that refilled the minibar came in without waiting for an answer to refill the bar which annoyed us very much so we complained. I wouldnt ask at the front desk for directions either. Rooms: Small by American standards but modern and nice. Bedding was a little rough. Same with towels. No fan in the bathroom so it gets very very hot. Americans might have to adjust to the half shower door instead of a full glass shower door. Breakfast: Was ok. We tried it once becuase they gave us a discount on it for one day. Overpriced for what you get. Liked the teapot in the room. I recommend getting breakfast items at the grocery, shoving them in the minibar and making tea or coffee in the room. Bonus: Free internet access. There is one computer by the entrace and two in the business suite downstairs. On the downside: There is no smoking in the dining room, but they do allow smoking in the sitting area right when you walk in. To enter or exist the hotel, you must walk through a puff of smoke. On the upside: Good location. Very near a tube stop. Bustling street nearby but you dont hear the noise. Nice colors. On site restaurant. Garden.	
Oct 11 2006	Good choice for London	I agree with other travellers that the rooms are small, but we had no problem accommodating 1 big and 2 small suitcases. The furniture is in light colours and very modern so you do not have the feeling of being cramped in. The best thing is that the hotel has aircon which was very helpful during the hot summer day we encountered in September. And the hotel is very quiet: with the windows closed you do not hear anything at all. Fantastic for such a noisy city! The breakfast selection was very good, both cooked English breakfast and a great choice of ham, cheese, etc. for the continental traveller. The only criticism is that when the breakfast restaurant is full you sometimes have to wait quite some time for your coffee refill.Anything else to criticize? Perhaps that the WiFi access advertised for the hotel premises did not work with our PDA (while it worked perfectly well even in small B&amp;Bs). Overall it was good value for money; we booked the hotel through a German travel agent for 150 € per night which seems to be acceptable for London.	
Oct 9 2006 	A very good choice	I am writing this review from my room at the the K+K Hotel George. I am here for a week on a business trip and I chose this hotel because of the positive reviews I read on tripadvisor.com. I am not disappointed.Pros: very convenient location (next to Earl's Court tube station), proximity to Kensington Park, the Science Museum, a large number of restaurants, heck, I even walked to Buckingham Palace from here. Outstanding service, immaculate rooms (each one is different), modern bathroom, lovely breakfast buffet, free high-speed internet acces (wireless or LAN).Cons: not too many, fortunately. There is an area near the lobby where smoking is allowed and I regretted the absence of fitness facilities (pool or exercise room).That's it. Otherwise, I am very satisifed with this choice and I highly recommened it to others.	
Oct 5 2006	Somewhat disappointed after all the positive reviews	After all the positive TripAdvisor reviews, perhaps my expectations for the K+K George were too high. My twin room was immaculately clean, but very small even for London standards. And both of the twin beds in the room were extremely uncomfortable. I like a firm bed, but these had no &quot;give&quot; whatsoever; I felt like I was laying on a wooden slab. Hotel location is fine, although I find Earls Court to be a bit scruffy compared to other areas of London's West End. Other features of the hotel - the common areas, garden, and breakfast buffet - all were very nice as described by previous reviewers. But as a regular visitor to London, I believe there are better London hotels in the same price range as the K+K George.	
Oct 4 2006 	Small but perfectly formed....	We chose this hotel after reading reviews on the Tripadvisor website and I have to say I went along with some trepidation as I have often been disappointed with London Hotels. This laid my fears to rest. Very pleasant...old building renovated tastefully, and is now very modern inside. Great breakfast and had the weather been nicer we could have had breakfast outside in the huge garden. The only negative would be that the room was quite small and the bathroom possibly the smallest I have ever seen for the price. Beautiful fittings (tiny, bath/shower) though not a lot of space to get dried! It's very close to Earl's Court so this made an ideal location for the tube etc. Good restaurants and shops nearby for food.	
Oct 2 2006 	Amazing service	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff was SO helpful, they were what made the hotel so great. However, that said, the room we stayed in was very nice, clean, and had a view of the garden. The breakfast was wonderful, great selection, and once again, the staff was great. It was raining when we stayed in London (of course!), and they had umbrellas we could borrow. The bar was really nice, locals seemed to come there to hang out. All and all a wonderful place to stay.	
Sep 28 2006	I expected more for the price and class	Likes: - Location - only 1 block from Earl's Court; quiet street- Room was clean- Friendly staff- Big deep bathtub- As a single traveler, I stayed in classic twin room (2 twin beds)- Received a voucher for one breakfast at £8 (regular price £12)Dislikes: - Stairway entrance, had to carry luggage up the stairs- No alarm clock radio in the room- No ice machine- Bedsheets were changed once during 6 day stay - had to request change on 4th day- Service in the breakfast restaurant was ok	
Sep 27 2006 	surprising	clean, efficient, excllent breakfast	
Sep 26 2006 	Perfect! 	The K &amp; K George hotel was impressive from the outside. Set in a peaceful area, yet close to amenities and the tube station of Earls Court. The reception area was very impressive, interior decor was stylish and modern, very light and airy with lots of mirrored glass. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Our room was immaculate, decorated in light colours and very unfussy, spotlessly clean! Bathroom was excellent - all white tiles and a big mirror; bath with great power shower! We asked for a room overlooking the attractive gardens. We also decided to add the breakfast onto our hotel bill -and were glad we did. A marvellous choice of English and continental breakfast, cereals, fruits, cooked items; juices; coffees; teas and the champagne! Never had that for breakfast before and I could have really got in to the habit of it at the K &amp; K George. Immaculate; comfortable hotel in London and fantastically priced! Would definitely stay again without a doubt and have already recommended to others!	
Sep 21 2006 	Stunningly good value for London	Stayed at this hotel in early September when the weather was still warm. Unlike many places in England, this hotel had airconditioning *and* properly opening windows.Unlike some reviewers, I had a good sized double room. Included were tea&amp;coffee making facilities, bar fridge (with the usual expensive drinks), in room safe, wardrobe and bathrooom with good set on soap, shampoo etc. No problems with in-room internet which worked fine.The whole hotel was top notch and well maintained. The garden was beautiful as well.The hotel is located conveniently close to Earls Court tube station. If you haven't got a lot of time in London, this might be a bit far from the centre of things, although there are lots of decent, cheap places to eat in the neighbourhood.The only slight downside is that the hotel, being part of an Austrian chain, appears to have hired some of the staff for their German rather than English language skills. Not cheap by international standards, but good value for London.	
Sep 11 2006 	Good Hotel for a great price	I'm always a little nervous when I travel to the London on a budget. I'm from NY and some people would classify me as fairly picky; especially when it comes to hotels. I read the reviews on tripadvisor about K+K George and decided to take a chance. That was one of the best decisions I made on this trip. The room was clean, I had a nice double bed and free wireless! The downside was that the room was small; but what hotel room in Europe isn't. The Earls Court tube station is only 2 blocks away. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 10 2006 	superb location	Just came back from 3 week trip to London, Rome and Paris. Stayed at K&amp;K with wife and 19 year old son. Loved the location, just a block away from the tube. We took tube from Heathrow to Hotel. Very easy. Hotel has great buffet breakfast and free internet access in room if you have your own laptop or a couple terminals in lobby. Great for printing out boarding passes. The room was small for the 3 of us after 5 nights; would probably book 2 rooms if doing over. But beds were comfy and bath, although tiny was very adequate. Would definitely stay there again. Loved the neighborhood feel. Even did laundry at local laundrymat 5 minutes away. Great neighborhood restaurants too; some of the best of the entire trip.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great ValueLovely Hotel	Booked this hotel for one week after reading reviews off this site and comparing prices across various web sites. Got the best price off ------ that included all taxes and the lavish champagne buffet breakfast for a little more than $200. This was a quiet, calm oasis after many hours of walking each day. Loved our meal at Masala Zone. Staff also packed breakfast boxes for us and arranged a car to Waterloo when we had to catch an early train for Paris.	
Sep 2 2006	A word of caution	We stayed in this hotel in July after reading previous reviews and whilst the hotel was OK we would urge caution if considering staying there and not rely fully on the reviews. The hotel is in a very good location in a quiet street just around the corner from Earls Court tube station, with good access to reasonably priced restaurants if you do not wish to go back into the West End, which is only 10-15 minutes away on a good tube link. The garden is an oasis of calm and if the weather is good, as it was on our visit, then this is a perfect spot to relax with a glass of wine and unwind. However the word of caution, the rooms are not very big and the rear ones are the worse. Even by English standards this was not acceptable at the price being charged, especially as it did not include breakfast, when we were under the impression that it did. This was probably the fault of Hotel as they were not as clear as some of the other websites and I now wish that I had used one of the others which may have clarified things better. The duty manager did however arrange a move of room to a twin instead of a double and gave us breakfast for 2 of the 4 days we were there. We would stay there again but only if we could obtain the right size room at a reasonable price and only probably in summer when the garden does help to justify a stay. Overall rating-Good, but could improve at the prices being charged.	
Aug 31 2006 	be aware!	My family and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in August 2006. The hotel was ok by UK standards although, in my opinion,overpriced for ammenities provided. Room clean but tiny. Bathroom really tiny. Even breakfast was not included. But this was not a big problem. The problem was that we had $400 stolen from our room. We don't know who did it, I would assume hotel personnel. Unfortunately, we did not discover it until after we left. I sent several emails to the hotel management but no response was received. We travel a lot but this had never happened to us before. I would not recommend to stay in this hotel.	
Aug 29 2006 	Wonderful Choice!	Wonderful, charming boutique hotel with a terrific location. Tube station is right around the corner, lots of reasonably priced places to eat. Room was a bit small, but no problem for my husband, teenage daughter and myself to fit comfortably. Hotel was exceptionally clean &amp; well kept, with a lovely back garden to sit and have coffee (or tea!) Staff very helpful when we needed directions, extra pillows, etc. Will definitely stay here again!	
Aug 26 2006 	Another happy customer	I spent a week at the hotel and it was all that the reviews said it would be. The location is fantastic, the staff was helpful, the rooms were clean, and the breakfast buffet was great. This is now were I consider home when I'm in London.	
Aug 25 2006 	Nice Place	Our stay at the K+K was very nice, although we were there during the heat spell that hit London in July...yet the room was adaquately cooled, which was not the same with the underground, that ranged in the 110 degree and above mark during our stay. The breakfast was smashingly fantastic....I could do that everyday for a long time and never have the same thing twice for breakfast. It was that good...and the staff was very special and most polite and all of them were &quot;pretty people&quot;...as is most of the population in London. The room was small by American standards, but, truly comfortable. I loved our view of the garden. The front desk was so nice too. Oh there was a restaurant on the main street and just around the corner that was really great...in fact two restaurants that are worth a mention... the Peruvian Restaurant called Nanos ... reminds me of Robin Williams... Nano Nano... and that is why I remembered the name of the place... but, wow...it is a great place to get lunch. We liked it so much that we actually went there twice, which is against our &quot;travel&quot; rules if we can help it...but it was goooooood....and did I mention affordable. We also went to an Italian restaurant past the alley walkway...the front desk recommended it but I can not recall the name...yet, I can recall the dinner and it was very very good. All in all, the K+K was a delightful experience and I recommend it highly.	
Aug 18 2006 	Great Location	Being from America we were a bit thrown back by the size of the rooms. They were about the size of a large walk in closet, but this appears to be the norm for London. The location of the hotel was fantastic. About 1 min from the undergrounds and there were tons of shops, banks and places to eat right around the corner. We give it a 4 star mostly for the cleanliness and location. Free internet with computers in the lobby was a great perk.Pros:location, cleanliness, friendly staff, FREE internet, free safeCons:small small rooms, small shower, towels NOT soft, bed was very very noisy and made with a bamboo headboard and bedside tables (not a good thing for a couple on their honeymoon).	
Aug 17 2006 	Unbeatable Location breakfast ans Staff Honesty	I have read many reviews before I decided to select K+K George hotel for my 17 days family summer vacation in London last June. Satying in a hotel for 17 days with my wife and 3 kids (we rented 2 rooms) would really need an extensive investigation and research!My experienc had posivtive and negative sides:On the positive side:1. The Location: It is really unbeatable; the hotel is just 3 minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station, which takes you directly to Heathrow Airport, and have 3 train lines operating through it.Sourrounding the station, there are a lot of resturants serving different kinds of food (including Burger King, KFC, and Mcdonald). Besides a lot of supermarkets, ATMs, pharmacies, gift shops..etc.2. The Breakfast:The hotel resturant's serves Full English Breakfast, which gives a variety of choices more than many European hotels.3. The Staff Dedication &amp; Honesty:Staff are really dedicated in giving the best service that they can do. They might be young at the begining of their carriers, but they really trying their best to serve you, as much as they know, with great dedication and honesty. For instance, after I checked out, my credit cards was charged by mistake for items that we did not consume from the minibar. After one phone call expalining the situation to the recieption desk, they immediatly refunded back my credit card.4. The Garden:The hotel has a nice small garden at the backyard. It is really nice, especailly if you have kids.5. Free Wireless Internet:Though I did not take my laptop because I wanted to enjoy my vacation away from anything connected to work, the hotel offers a free wireless internet connection, in addition to 3 desktops in the lobby and the business center. Though all the above positve things, the hotel needs to improve on the following points:1. Room Service:It has a very poor menue offered by the bar staff. Besides, the service stops at 10:30 pm!! Leaves no choice except to go dinning outside if you are hungry beyond the allowed time! If you have kids this is a horrible option!2. Housekeeping:There is no housekeeping after 04:00pm.3. TV Stations:Only few and most of them are in German. Even kids channels!4. Experience:Hotel staff are dedicated and honest, though some of them might need more professional training.Overall, the hotel is a good value for money in a very expensive city such as London. You will only feel disappointed when you compare it to the 5-stars hotels in other cities where you can usually stay with the same amount of money.If you are planning for a long stay in London, and you want a good value for money. K+K George should be in your short list of candidate hotels!	
Aug 11 2006	K+K Hotel George a real value	Booking: We booked our room through the British Airways for July 21 through July 28 and it was prepaid. Because we stayed over five nights one night was free. Our booking included the full breakfast buffet and at London prices that is a wonderful value in itself. Be sure to book in such a way that you are able to have included the breakfast and the free night. Not all booking agents come forth with that offer. Incidentally, when we booked with B.A. all we received on the web page and by email was a receipt for the total amount with no details.  At the hotel we were expected and we presented our voucher and a credit card for any possible incidental purchases during our stay. When we checked out all we could get from the hotel was a receipt for incidentals and we were referred to B.A. for accounting. I wanted to know about the VAT and had we been charged. We were not but it took several email rounds with B.A. customer support to learn they do not charge or collect VAT from non-British citizens for the hotel and the same goes for the air travel as well. Location:This is a quiet residental neighborhood of flats and other hotels, of which this hotel is probably the best judging from what we saw. There are some youth hostels for cyclists and backpacker travelers as well as some flats and apartments. The hotel is situated one street over from the busy Earls Court fulled with busses, taxies and lots of shops. The handy Earls Court tube station just around the corner, no more than five minutes away. We found a money exchange store just outside the tube station, an ATM inside the station and another across the street. We discovered a very good but small Italian Restraurant just off Earls Court with great food and wine. Pizzerie Venezia, 12 Kenway Road, SW5 0RR. Check it out! The Hotel:The staff was very friendly and helpful without a fault. It appears that the desk staff was all English, however the breakfast buffet area seemed to be staffed with either German or Dutch girls. They too were excellent attendants.There was a comfortable reception area just off the lobby with fresh coffee and tea most all morning. Adjoining that, when the buffet closed late morning, the bar opens. It is furnished comfortably with several seating areas, and a few tables. One may order light food orders from the bar all day and its also available for room service. The web site of the hotel has good photos of these spaces. There is also a comfortable executive work area downstairs with two internet terminals equiped with good quality laser printers. There is another internet terminal just off the lobby upstairs, incidentally. Internet service was included with our room at no additional charge. There is a hard wired LAN connection in the room and a wireless [wifi] signal as well. I could not ever get the wifi to work but it was a moot point with the alternative LAN to just plug into. But that was not an option with my wifi PDA and had I not had the laptop along then it would have been inconvenient to get my email. There are two lifts, a bit of a rarity in London it seems. If your room happens to be on the fifth floor this may be important. The stairway is quite functional, clean, and well lit. Our room was on the second floor so except for the luggage we just used the stairs as that was fast.One of the finest features of the hotel is air conditioning and we discovered that most hotels, and all other buildings are not so equipped. This particular summer that turned out to be very enjoyable. Our friends in London were all complaining about the unusual heat wave and those in poorly ventilated hotels could not sleep and rooms were noisy in some cases with the windows open. We saw no ceiling fans in London anywhere.During the week we were at the Hotel George the spacious garden behind the hotel was completely renovated with new plants, a fountain of flowers. A German landscape company arrived on Monday morning with a crew of fifteen gardners and at least a thousand plants! By the end of the week that area was completely renovated and beautiful! Our room overlooked this quiet garden spacious and it was indeed a pleasure to view.When it comes to hotel rooms, expectations are everything. If you have traveled Europe much you will know what to expect however, first time visitors will the suprised as how small most hotel rooms are in London. Our room had a double bed and was about 12 feet by 14 feet including the private bath [with bathtub]. Built in closet with shelves and space to place one piece of luggage was it. A second piece will have to go onto the floor in walking space with a bit of hopping over it to get around. Its crowded! The TV sits on a cabinet in which is installed a microwave oven and a small refrigerator stocked with all sorts of expensive items. Prices were on a list placed atop the cabinet to avoid any negative effect of seeing a large price on a bottle of wine or beer. We purchased such beverages and other snacks at the convenience store on Earls Court next to the tube station for a fraction of the hotel price. Summary:We were not in the hotel room long except for sleeping so the cramped quarters was not an issue; we expected that in any case. If you want more room be sure to look for the hotel apartments and studios, some with built in cooking facilities. They will be larger.We consider the Hotel George to be a very comfortable base for our needs in London. The value is in the a.c., included full hot buffet, included internet, executive business room, great garden and quality staff in a very clean hotel. They squeezed in a lot of benefits for the money and for London that is rare. You typicallyl pay three prices or just do not receive any features. The neighboor is not posh and there are other parts of the city where hotels will be really upscale from this property but the rooms will be $500 to $1500 USD per night. Our room was $235 and one night was free! So we stayed the entire week for about $1500 usd and thats a good deal in London in the high tourist season! If you are looking for posh it is there, like the Savoy for instance. High tea there is about $60 USD per person.So if you want comfort, convenience, courtesy, cleanliness and at a fair price I can recommend the hotel. I will give it four stars out of five. Most hotels in this price range I looked into would rate two stars max!Reasonable expectations for the price is the bottom line. London is very expensive, everything costs a lot!	
Aug 11 2006 	We'd stay there again	We arrived around 11pm and the front desk staff weren't overly nice, but I found that to be an isolated incident, as all of the other front desk staff were quite nice. The room was clean and beds and pillows were some of the most comfortable I've ever slept on. Breakfast buffet was very good, kept us full until dinner Location: can't beat it, a 2 minute walk to the train station. The smoking area in the hotel is limited to seating of approximately 7 people, and about 30-40 for the non smoking.We booked on Skoosh and found it to be the cheapest of all the other websites and for London, this hotel is extremely reasonable.	
Aug 9 2006	WONDERFUL PLACE TO STAY	This is a great hotel in a wonderful location. We had not been to London before and loved the value this hotel provided. Rooms were really nice. Staff was great to work with to make &quot;tourist&quot; arrangements. Breakfast was the best we had in Europe. Gardens in the back are a really nice touch. We stayed in two rooms (myself, husband, two sons - ages 6 and 10, and my mother) - a triple and a double. Beds were extremely comfortable. I wouldn't think twice about staying in this lovely hotel.	
Aug 2 2006 	Great Value Location Very Clean and Polite	We booked the hotel through British Airways. The four of us stayed in two adjacent rooms for five days at this hotel. I was a bit skeptical at first, but this place is clean, bright, and overall a great value. I would definitely stay here again if I were to return to London. It's very close (literally three minutes away walking at a moderate pace) to the Earl's Court station, the same distance to a small convenience store where you can stock up on water, sandwiches, etc. The hotel is also near various restaurants. On the other hand, the hotel is insulated from all of the commercial activity and traffic by a row of houses, which permits a certain seclusion, peace and quiet from everything. The hotel staff is courteous and polite. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is great, but we primarily got it because it was included in our package price. When we initially tried to get reservations through Orbitz breakfast was not included, but British Airways offered a comparable package with breakfast included. The only criticism I have is that the hotel computer was always overcrowded by other guests (they had two functional computers with internet capability). The elevator is claustrophobically small and slow; the stairways are long winding with narrow steps, and the hallways are freakishly narrow. But the moderate size of the rooms, cleanliness, high ceilings, bright space, convenient location, and overall value make these minor inconveniences, just that nothing more.	
Jul 30 2006	Good price and location	We stayed for 7 nights in July. The rooms are very small by US standards but were comfortable and very clean. As we arrived during a heat wave, the AC was wonderful.Toiletries are changed daily and coffee for the coffee maker replenished. There is a minibar/refrig which we used to store snacks and beverages bought at the nearby grocery store. The location is good, a short walk to Earls Court tube station with connections to all the sites in London. The street is very quiet and there is a quiet garden in the rear. The buffet breakfast was great. The food was fresh, tasty and plentiful. An absolute must if you are travelling with teenagers as food and drinks are outrageously expensive in London.The buffet is constantly replenished so you don't need to worry about getting there early. The reception staff was very pleasant and helpful. They even provided delicious bag lunches for us to take on a tour that left at 5AM as we would miss the buffet breakfast. The lobby bar was clean, smokefree and a relaxing way to have a drink before dinner. Three computers with internet connection were available in the lobby and were helpful to print boarding passes for our flight home.	
Jul 29 2006	Good Accommodations	We stayed in a triple room for one week in July 2006. We were 2 adults with 2 small children.The room was small by american standards but clean. Bathroom was better than we expected after reading stories on London Hotels. It had a hair dryer and a plug for electric shavers (120 or 220 volts)There was a refrigerator (which wouldn't get very cold) stocked with drinks. The room had 2 twin beds pushed together and a separate twin size bed. This was considered a &quot;triple&quot; room. One nice thing was that there was a bottle opener in the room for opening drinks. A tea kettle was in the room to heat water along with instant coffee and tea bags.Staff was helpful. We arrived around 11 am (2pm is check in time) so the bellman stored our luggage for us while we went sight seeing. They did offer an option of checking in early for another 50 pounds. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the Earls court tube station so it was quite convenient. There is a McDonalds, Burger King, Starbucks within 1 block of the hotel. There are numerous Indian, Thai, Italian, Chinese restaurants and a few pubs within a block or 2.There are a few rooms with balconies but the balconies oversee the street (no privacy). We selected a room with a garden view facing away from the street. The garden was average and there was a lot of maintenance work going on during our stay.The room did have AC which was able to cool the room when temperatures were in the low 90 degrees outside. I suspect however that the heat was testing the AC limit.Free High speed internet was available. In my room the wireless signal was very weak but there was a wired high speed connection that functioned well.Note of caution: There are currency exchange places on every block. I wondered why there were so many of them. Once I tried to use one of the places I figured out why. When the exchange rate was 54 pounds for $100 these places only give you about 48 pounds. These places were in essence giving you $88 back for every $100. There are plenty of ATMs around and my card worked perfectly well. My bank charge me a $1.50 or so extra but this is way better than using the local currency exchangesrs. Most places will take credit cards (attractions/transportation) but beware that a lot of fast food places and restaurants do not take credit cards.	
Jul 27 2006 	K + K George a superb find with convenience and value	In early July, my wife, daughter, and I spent two delightful nights at the K+K George Hotel in London, located conveniently near the Earl's Court Tube Station on a beautiful, quiet side street in the South Kensington area. The room was comfortable, modern and sparkling clean. The hotel itself is a gracious, lovely facility, with a helpful staff. The breakfast buffett is bountiful and tasty, in a sunny dining room with high ceilings, overlooking a pleasant garden. There are also many good little restaurants (check out Zizi) and bistros over on the next block on Earl's Court Road...but the atmosphere surrounding the K+K George is quiet and peaceful. This hotel was one of the highlights of our recent lengthy trip throughout the UK and Europe. I would say the value was exceptional, given the quite reasonable rates, the high quality of the facility, and the excellent location (Kensington, Knightsbridge, Chelsea, Sloane Square are all nearby and easily reached via the Underground, which is less than a five minute stroll...and all of the major London sites are relatively close). For further information, I can be reached via onetreesteve@hotmail.com. We reside in Alabama, USA, and have travelled widely...the K+K George will be on our itinerary next time we're in London. One other note: take the Tube on a short ride to Sloane Square, and walk to Chelsea Kitchen, a superb--albeit quirky--little dining treasure with a stellar menu and exquisite culinary execution.	
Jul 26 2006 	A nice stay	My wife and I stayed at the K+K George Hotel July 3rd through the 8th, 2006.We arrived at 11 AM and were shown to our room right away. The room was very small but we were told to expect small rooms in many hotels. The room was nicely decorated. Our room overlooked the garden which was nice to relax in after a long day exploring the London. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful. And, our A/C work perfectly. The buffet breakfast is is 12 pounds, but if you sign up for it when you arrive, they charge 9 pounds.The hotel is about a 3 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station, and is on the tube line from Heathrow. The neighobrhood is a mix of apartments and hotels, so it was an interesting experience.We enjoyed dining at Strada and Zizzi's - both on Earl's Court and a few minutes walk from the K+K.Wewould definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Jul 24 2006 	This can't truly be a 3 and a half star hotel...	My mother daughter and I stayed at the K &amp; K George for two nights in late June 2006. It was the beginning of a 21 day adventure across Europe. We'd already stayed in London several times previously, so we were quite surprised when we checked in and found the tiniest room we'd ever seen. Understandably, we were exhausted after our long flight, so we decided to order some room service and just relax. In the meantime, we tried to turn the air conditioner on, but it blew nothing but hot air. We called the front desk about the air and they sent a gentleman up to look at it. Unfortunately, he didn't have a clue as to what might be wrong, so he told us we should open the windows to let in some fresh, albeit hot, air from outside. He told us he would leave a message for maintenance to check it out in the morning. Our room service order was not correct once it arrived, but we called and they quickly brought up the missing items. The next morning, upon leaving the hotel to visit a few museums, we asked the front desk to make sure that someone did something about the air while we were out. The young lady was very cordial and said it'd be taken care of. When we arrived back at the hotel that evening, we were very disappointed to find our room as hot and stuffy as it had been the night before. We called the front desk to find that there weren't any notations of a problem in the first place. Completely disgusted at this point, we decided to just get the night over with since we were leaving in the morning anyway. We ordered breakfast the next morning, but again room service made several mistakes with the order. We ordered three breakfasts and only got one, but three cups for coffee, even though one of our party was only 6 years old and I'd specified that she needed juice. I'm not sure what they were thinking, but eventually we got most of our order and we just wanted to get out of this hotel. As we were checking out, we asked about getting a taxi and the young lady actually told us that it'd be an hour before they could get us one. My jaw must have hit the desk. I've never had such poor service in any hotel I've ever stayed in and I really expected more from the K &amp; K George. We told the young lady that we were very disappointed with our stay and that we would not make the same mistake twice. Dragging our luggage behind us up the street, it took us about 5 minutes to get a taxi for ourselves. Of the 7 hotels we stayed in on this trip, the K &amp; K George was by far the worst!The only redeeming quality is the charming garden, it looked very peaceful day and night and if we'd had more time I'm sure we would've spent time in it.	
Jul 23 2006	Good stay	We stayed at the K+K for a few nights. The rooms are not big but they are clean and quite pleasant. Both the rooms we booked had garden views, a very pleasant outlook in such a big city. The gardens were available to the customers for a drink and a welcomed rest at the end of a busy day.Service was ok but not exactly friendly. Location is good as the Earls court station is around the corner. Close to Sloane square shopping and easy ride to Picadilly.	
Jul 15 2006	great choice	This is an excellent choice - close to the tube and two great restaurants 1 block from the hotel. Good service and above average breakfast. I would stay here again.	
Jul 5 2006	Do not understand....	To understand my position, let me first explain my trip. My brother and I travelled to the U.K. for several days. We stayed in London for the first few days, travelled to Edinburgh for a bit then returned to London. The first London stay was at the Rennaissance Chancery Court Hotel for $300/night and the Edinburgh stay was at The Glasshouse for also about $300/night. The second London stay was at the K&amp;K for about $287/night. The Chancery Court and Glasshouse hotels are true 4/5 star hotels. The rooms in both of were very large and simply beautiful. For about the same cost as the two glorious hotels, I stayed at the K and K. It was simply awful. The room was barely big enough for the two twin beds, the bathroom was out of date and just ugly...but clean. So my point is...if you're willing to pay $300/night, you might as well stay at a classy, upscale hotel for the same price. Oh, the two upscale hotels had two double beds.	
Jul 5 2006	I will stay here again and again and again	I have stayed at a number of hotels in London. Some of them have been pretty pricey. Not one has been as pleasant or convenient as this one. The rooms are very nice and comfortable. The staff is excellent. The location is perfect; lots of restaurants, a Sainsburys two blocks away, two self-service launderettes within minutes walk, three blocks or so from the Earl's Court tube.	
Jul 1 2006	No funny at all - We are on the client list but the hotel is fully booked!	After having read good reviews of the K+K George Hotel, we decided to book one night through the skoosh.com website on Wednesday 28th June. Booking was confirmed no problem. I even called the hotel on the morning to say that we would arrive late in the evening taking a train from Paris.We got there at 23.30, just to be told that &quot;sorry sorry, yes you do have a booking but I am afraid the hotel is already fully booked tonight&quot;.The manager then told us that we were going to have to stay in another hotel, but was simply unable to find one for at least one hour. Eventually, at 1 am, we were told that another guest had &quot;agreed to vacate his room&quot; and that we could stay. It was not until 1.30 am that we were able to get to our room, which was ok but certainly not great.Nice location, great entrance hall and good breakfast, but totally mixed up reservation service and just average room...at least on that day!	
Jul 1 2006	Just book it!!	We stayed here for two nights and were really impressed. It's rare to find a hotel that doesn't have any faults, but this is it. From start to finish it was excellent. Check-in and check-out were problem free and quick and all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. When we booked, we had asked for a quiet room on an upper floor and that's exactly what we got. We were right at the end of a corridor on the fifth (top) floor which gave us views over the rooftops and we didn't hear a sound from other rooms. The room was a perfectly adequate size, not large but not so small we were tripping over each other. The beds were very comfortable, nice and firm, with duvets and feather pillows, although these can be replaced with non-allergic ones if you ask. There is a TV (rotten picture!!), tea &amp; coffee making facilities, a safe (free of charge) and a mini-bar, which like all mini-bars is overpriced but not outrageously so. The room was air-conditioned but we could also open our windows which let a nice breeze in and meant we could sleep comfortably without the air-con on even though it was very warm outside. The bathroom was smallish but not at all poky. It had very smart funky modern fittings and marble decor, and the shower was powerful, with a turning head to change the water flow to your own preference. I'm very pernickety about cleanliness but everything was immaculate. I was also impressed that used toiletries were replaced. The buffet breakfast is one of the best I've had anywhere. There is a great choice - fresh and dried fruits, a superb fresh fruit salad, cold meats and cheeses, cereal, bacon, sausages, poached and scrambled eggs, mushrooms (so yummy!!!), beans, and a selection of breads and rolls. There is even champagne if you want it! My only little niggle would be that your coffee is poured one cup at a time and the staff were not constantly available for refills. But that's just a minor problem amongst so much excellence. The hotel serves snacks and meals, which we didn't try, and room service is available until 10.30pm. There is also a garden which we didn't have time to explore, but it looked very nice!The hotel is on a quietish street just round the corner from Earl's Court underground station so getting around is easy. If you're looking for a reasonably priced smart hotel with high standards in a convenient location, look no further. This place is fantastic!! I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Jul 1 2006	Loved It!	I was happy with this hotel from the moment our taxi rounded the corner and I saw the beautiful facade. Our room was small, but fresh, bright, pretty, and comfortable. The location is excellent, and they have a great breakfast buffet. There were a couple of staff members who could have been friendlier, but the majority were very nice. I was not ready to leave and I want to go back.	
Jun 18 2006	Go for the Garden!	We stayed in London for 4 nights and this was a wonderful hotel. The rooms were on the small side, like any UK hotel, but there was good closet space to hide away all our stuff that we were traveling with. Our room overlooked the garden - and after a long day being a tourist - it was great to relax there. It was wonderful to relax in the shade and have someone wait on us, bring us drinks and food.The breakfast is very good. A very wide selection foods to choose from. And the hours were nice - it opened early and stayed open later - so you didn't have to rush down to eat.It is close to Earl's Court subway stop and close to some very good restaurants. Try Masala Zone for interesting Indian food. And you if you want some of the best seafood of your life try Lou Pescadou's - it's worth it.	
Jun 4 2006	very nice hotel	I stayed in this hotel recently with my wife. Very nice play, close to subway stop Earl Court. They have free internet and free internet stations in the lobby that are always available. Takes about 20 minutes to get from hotel to anywhere in London. I would definitely stay in this place again.	
Jun 3 2006	Loved Everything About This Hotel	From arrival to departure, everything about K+K Hotel George was superb.Our room was clean and although there were 4 of us sleeping in there, it did not feel cramped and had everything we needed and the minibar was reasonably priced which is something of a rarity these days. If you use the hotel in your room it's cheaper than using a mobile and local calls are FREE.My husband loved the FREE internet access in the room and WIFI around the hotel as it meant he could keep in touch with work(!) and our sons loved it because they could get their fix of &quot;Stick Cricket&quot;.We were all spoilt for choice at breakfast with a huge range to choose from and the staff was attentive without being intrusive.The tube is less than a two minute walk away and with the choice of Central &amp; District Lines plus the Piccadilly line we managed to get to where we wanted to go easily and quickly.On checking out the hotel arranged a car to take us to the station - cheaper and more comfortable than the black cab that had brought us earlier in the week.Masses of independent and chain restaurants to choose from along with a Somerfield and Sainsburys if you need a supermarket.Within walking distance of Kensington Gardens which then leads into Hyde Park - perfect for a relaxing day in the sun - which we were lucky enough to have.Having stayed at the Athenaeum, The Howard, Le Meridien Piccailly and Grosvenor Square hotels in the past, I will definitely be returning to K+K.	
May 31 2006	Great value for London	I just returned from a four night stay at the K and K in London. We were very pleased with the value for our money. It was a great hotel, conveniently located to everything and very accessible to all the sights in London. The garden is beautiful and very well maintained as is the rest of the hotel. Our room was very clean with a lovely upgraded bathroom that always had hot water. I would definitely stay here again on another trip to London and wouldn't even search for something better as the K and K fulfilled all our needs at a very reasonable price.	
May 30 2006	Fine and fun	We met our adult daughter at the K + K Hotel George for a long weekend in March. We had a triple room which was not crowded: though no space was wasted in this basement room, the high ceilings and excellent design made it very comfortable, and each morning we woke to birdsong from the enclosed garden. Huge and tasty breakfast buffet in a lovely dining room overlooking the garden. Chilly afternoons we sat in front of the fire in the small bar to play cards and talk over sandwiches and tea/coffee/drinks. Staff was very friendly, international. The hotel is convenient to Earl's Court station and a good variety of shops and restaurants, the displays at the convention center, and is a five-block walk to the Victoria and Albert. The architecture in the area is right out of Upstairs Downstairs, and though our room was &quot;downstairs&quot;, we felt as if we were &quot;upstairs.&quot; I would definitely return.	
May 30 2006	Highly recommend	Very convenient location near Earls Court tube station. Delicious breakfast. Nice room, twin beds pushed together; so it felt like a king size bed. Enjoyed the bar each evening over our 6 night stay. Be verrrry careful in the tub. I didn't use the rubber mat the first morning and almost had a bad fall. Other than that close call, I would definitely recommend this hotel.The Call FamilyRaleigh, NC	
May 29 2006	Best place to stay in London	My husband and I stayed at the K&amp;K George while in London May 7-27, 2006. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN; helpful staff, absolutely wonderful freshly prepared breakfast buffet every morning. (Make sure this is included when you book. It is worth the extra cost.) Located a 5 minute walk to the Earl's Court Underground station which connects you to all of London. There are many restaurants nearby within a 5 minute walk. Also, there are small groceries and a great bakery.We usually stay at much larger higher rated hotels but a friend had stayed here many times and said we would not be dissappointed and she was right. We will always stay at the K&amp;K when in London. OH, the area is very safe too! We booked dierectly with the hotel and got a better rate than the wholesalers offered.	
May 24 2006	Very Nice Hotel	My companion and I just returned from a week at the K + K Hotel George. We were very happy with our stay. Pro's: Convienient to Earl's Court tube station; Free Internet - Lan and wireless; Well kept room and public areas; Nice staff; Nice Breakfast with champagne for mimosa's; Immediate response to a mechanical failure in the room. Great water pressure for the shower; Inexpensive phone charges; Nice Garden - although weather precluded our enjoying it;Con's: No clock; Smoke from bar area enters lobby; No daily variety at breakfast;Odd notes: I saw no small children: Seems to cater to German speaking customers (based upon accents and the proportion of German speaking TV channels); The button to flush the toilet was on the wall above the toilet and was the width of the toilet and about 6 to 8 inches in height - very easy to use I must admit;	
May 23 2006	A Beautiful Hotel with disappointing service	The hotel is beautiful and the location can't be beat - 2 minute walk through a quiet neighborhood to Earl's Court Tube Station. My only complaint is that the toilet in my room would not stop running. The hotel staff responded quickly, but informed me that the repairman was 40 minutes out and would not be in until tomorrow morning (it was only 7 pm in the evening at the time). We were informed to hit the flush button hard (and loudly) after each flush, and to repeat until the loud noise ended...this usually took 3 times at least. When I checked out the next morning, the lady at the front lamely offered drink vouchers that I could not use since I was on my way to the airport.	
May 19 2006	I always stay at K+K when in London	I have to go to London at least 3 times a year. It took me some time to find this hotel but now I don't want to stay in any other hotel when in London.The rooms are rather small but this is indeed the only short coming. The staff is friendly and helpfull, the rooms are clean, nice and attractive. The breakfast is always impeccable : fresh and spoiled for choice.Earls' Court is the ideal base for visiting Londoo: you have everything you need shops, restaurants of all sorts, post office, you name it AND the three diferrent London Underground lines to choose from that bring you to almost all places in the center of london without having to change lines.	
May 16 2006	Very nice hotel!	The K&amp;K Hotel George is well located one block from the Earl's Court underground station. It is a very quiet street of elegant townhouses. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. My son and I really liked this hotel and its location. With the underground being so close we were able to get to anywhere in London very conveniently. The staff comes from all over Europe. The breakfast buffet was great. We recommend this hotel highly.	
May 14 2006	Loved the K 	We stayed April 25 - April 30 / 06 - We had a triple room as we were travelling with my Dad - our room was small - but spotless clean and very comfortable - lots of storage shelves... our window opened up to a small outside area at the front of the hotel - by the flags - it was very quiet and homelike. The staff was very friendly and accomodating... only 1 key per room so you have to drop off when you go out. The restaurant and bar are great - our breakfast was not included but it looked wonderful and includes champagne!The tube is literally 2 mins. walk. and you can choose from 3 lines ... and it has been totally refurbished - very bright &amp; clean &amp; safe. The area has lots of restaurants and groceriy stores. We would choose Earl's Court area over more central locations... We were at Picadilly Circus in 10 mins... and home from the theater iin less than 15 mins... Love the Hotel and Location - Would definately stay again and WILL recommend to future travellers...	
May 9 2006	Great find!	My husband and I stayed at the K+K for a week. We had seen some photos of the hotel online, but in person, the hotel is even nicer. It was clean, modern in style, had friendly staff and a solid breakfast buffet with a lot of variety. The hotel is located 3 minutes from the Tube station in a nice, quiet neighborhood and provides easy access to tourist attractions. Lots of restaurants, pharmacies and grocery stores nearby. The only minor downside was their level of concierge service - when we asked where we could pick up a bus tour and they gave us out-of-date information. Otherwise, the staff was extremely helpful. Overall, we loved this hotel and would stay there again.	
May 6 2006	WIll stay here every time!	We loved this hotel and it's location. We have been to London numerous times and usually stay more in the hub of everything. This was a relief to be able to take the tube and be out of the crowds. The tube station is 2 blocks and very convenient to get around town. The room was efficient and we had a view out to the garden which was just beautiful. The area is great - no problem and the restaurants are superb. I second the review on the Indian restaurant - unbelievable and great prices - Marsala Zone. We also dined at a wonderful Thai restaurant as well right around the corner. The breakfast was delicious and everyone who we encountered were extremely nice and helpful. Highly recommend this for a great value which is not easy to find in London!	
Apr 21 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	This was my first time in London and couldn't have been in a better hotel. The hotel is a literally a couple of blocks from the tube. The hotel also has dining places a block away. I know you can eat lunch/dinner in the hotel but never did, was always out during that time. The breakfast was unbelievable. The food was always fresh and there was a wide variety of food.The rooms are small; I wouldn't recommend more than 2 adults in a room. (I went with my family and we split into 2 rooms). They have 2 computers in the hotel one on the lobby and one downstairs that are hooked up to the internet (I read somewhere in the comments that they have 3 I never saw a third but there are definitely 2). The only thing that was bad was we arrived about 5 hrs before check-in and they said they couldn't check us in for another 2. Since everything is located around the hotel, it was not such a big deal but wish they could have accommodated us a little quicker. Overall I will definitely come back here. It's in a great location and a beautiful hotel.	
Apr 18 2006	Nice hotel but room for improvement	I stayed here with my partner over the Easter break getting a good deal of £335 for three nights on the K+K website, including breakfast. I would say it was a nice hotel, but 4* is pushing it a little. Good points•Good location – restaurants of all types, stores, etc.•Safe area - well lit and close to main road.•Two minute walk to the tube - nice station which is large and not too busy. Also, on the Heathrow line.•Lots of things to do close by – Natural History museum and Science museum well worth a visit.•Temperature control in the room - only a fan not air con.•Wireless internet in the room – slow, but LAN is much faster.•Breakfast - exceptional choice and very tasty.Bad points•Small room - low ceiling made it feel even smaller.•Tv - has sky but rubbish channel selection.	
Apr 17 2006	Beware Mice!!!	We were planning on staying four nights in London at the K+K Hotel George but ended up staying just one night. The first night the power was out and management was handing out boxes of matches when returning from our night out on the town (fire hazard). The second night as we were settling in, a mouse popped out from behind the TV and then several more were spotted hiding out behind the TV. So after reporting a family of mice in our room, management suggested they would have someone take a look at the situation the FOLLOWING day. Management was very rude and disrespectful. Management did NOT even offer to find us another room. I expected more from a hotel of this calliber. I do NOT recommend this place unless you are OK with mice running around your room and cranky management. The only positive is the convenient tube station a block away.	
Apr 14 2006	Quality and value	Staff- could not fault their service Location- central position for access to London attractions .Only 1 min walk from tube station Earls Court .Rooms for London great value well appointed comfortable and quiet .Food breakfast buffet was excellent ,bar meals reasonable.Very friendly hotel will stay again with out hesitation .3 Local pubs 5 mins walk all great food and good prices .London is expensive but this was value for money when all said and done .Cheers	
Apr 12 2006	Friendly staff great breakfast clean but small room	We had a great stay for a week at the K K George Hotel. The staff was very friendly and most helpful. We enjoyed the large breakfast buffet and especially all of the choices--great for tourists eager to see all of the sites. The room included two twin beds, a desk, two chairs, a mini bar, safe, and was very clean, but small. We have stayed in many European hotels and B &amp; B's and always find the room size troubling. The hotel was very close to the tube stop but on a safe side street so that street noise was not a problem at all. We loved the heated towel rack in the bathroom--a nice extra especially since our week in March had very cold temperatures. The hotel provided a free wireless Internet connection which we enjoyed both for checking email and finding additional information about tours, sites, etc. We did notice the this hotel was part of a chain and decided that if we returned to Prague, Vienna, or another of the cities with K K hotels, we would definitely stay there. If you want a clean room with a helpful staff in pricey London, this should be your choice.	
Apr 12 2006	Excellent location great breakfast!	I stayed at the KK Hotel for a weekend at the end of March, based on its good reviews here. I wasn't disappointed. While not in the city centre, its only 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Tube station, you can get directly to Covent Garden and Heathrow airport, and 1 chnage will take you to Oxford St. Its a nice 'village' type area. Breakfast was fantastic, one of the best I've had in any hotel...and if you book on their website, its included in the price.Only downside was the room was quite small, but I was expecting that, as other people had mentioned it. Also, the partitions between rooms are quite thin, you can quite clearly hear sounds from next door.Still, I would definitely recommend the hotel, and I would certainly return.	
Mar 31 2006 	Quality hotel	This hotel is clean and comfortable... it's not luxurious but it is perfect for the average traveller or businessperson. Book from their website to get breakfast included. Convenient location to the tube and several grocery stores nearby if you choose to eat in.	
Mar 28 2006	Recommend the K+K	Stayed with two teenaged daughters in Feb/06. I've posted pictures so you can judge the room for yourself. It was small but clean and comfortable. Cold air did come in the windows, but the room was still so warm we turned the heat off. (We also saw a double room which was smaller and the bathroom wasn't quite as nice as ours, but still fine.) We really liked the area. It was bustling and seemed safe to walk around in the early evenings. Hotel is one street back from Earls Court Rd., so quieter, but was minutes from Earls Court Tube, many restaurants/pubs and 3 small grocery stores. It was easy to get around London from here. Breakfast, on white linen, was a good buffet in attractive setting. We booked through the hotel's website and got breakfast incl. We really liked the free internet access in the lobby and basement to keep in touch with family.	
Mar 28 2006 	OK .... but not 4star	We have stayed in the K&amp;K hotels in Vienna and Prague and I would suggest that the George does not compare! This hotel is over rated. The room we got was crapped and had a 10 degree slant from one side of the room to the other.On one of our nights stay the area was without electricity and the hotel had no standby power ... so what do they do ... close the bar, because pen and paper do not work! There was no way to make it to your room safely.The hotel is in a good location and is clean and tidy. Breakfast is of a good standard. Reception staff could look as if they enjoyed their job. I had requested to have no feather bedding ... wasn't done! Reported the safe not working on our arrival and four days later still no joy!Next time I'm heading back to the Regency Hotel ... better value for money!	
Mar 25 2006	Nice location clean room	I stayed 4 nights at this hotel. The hotel is 1 min. walk from the tube station (Earl's court). So, it is very easy to access Heathrow airport and central London.The room is very clean, peace and quiet. Reception staff is friendly and helpful.Though the breakfast buffet (it is included in the room charge in my case) is ordinary and serving staffs don’t have enough skill, the room to have a breakfast has a garden view that is really lovely and we can see some squirrels.Generally, the hotel worth to stay and I will return this hotel.	
Mar 21 2006	Excellent stay--great location	My wife and 21-year old daughter stayed seven nights (3/12-3/19) and had an excellent experience. We booked an executive king (king bed, comfortable large pull-out for our daughter) which was roomy enough by London standards. The king bed was fine, though like many it had a ridge in the middle. Modern furnishings throughout the hotel, including plasma TV in the room.Interestingly, the hotel seems to cater to German patrons with many German TV stations, German newspapers, etc. The staff was polite and helpful if not warm. Three computers available for guests were in constant use, especially by youths--perhaps they should set one or two aside for the adults. A very good breakfast buffet was put out each morning for a long time, well stocked and replenished. We had supper there one night and were the only people in the dining room, but were treated very well. The location would be hard to beat--one block from Earl's Court Tube stop, which has three lines running through it, but the hotel is still on a very quiet street. I would definitely consider staying there again if the opportunbity arises.	
Mar 16 2006	Nice place at reasonable price	Stayed here based on the previous good reports on this site and wasn't disappointed. Room was a good size although bathroom was tiny. Modern decor, well appointed and clean (apart from the red wine stain on the carpet). Under floor heating was a nice touch in the bathroom!Staff were pleasant and efficient. Check-in and out were trouble free. Breakfast buffet was well stocked and we got a £4 off voucher on check-in for our first morning. Location is good - close to underground and several local restaurants and bars too.	
Mar 13 2006	Best We've Stayed at in London	I think we may have had the same room as the previous reviewer?! (Room 123). Bit drafty, however we were only there for a night so didn't bother to change. We found the curtains were heavy enough to block out light (or maybe that was the wine with dinner!) and everything had a place and was in it's place, very well thought out. The staff were very friendly, the breakfast was super, and everywhere was very clean and very stylish. We have stayed in London many times and this was undoubtedly the best value and will be where we stay from now on, though reading the reviews we will be sure to ask for a garden view room next time. The added bonus for us was the parking on site and Reception kindly allowed us to stay on after checking out at no extra charge while we went to a theatre matinee, big bonus for us, considering the usual extortionate London car park charges. We asked bar staff for a restaurant recommendation and ended up at Benitos(?) - very nearby and fabulous! Proper old fashioned intimate family run Italian restaurant. Also enjoyed a good lunch at the Earls Court Tavern. Look forward to returning in July.	
Mar 12 2006	Great Hotel	Disregard the small space and enjoy a clean, well-maintained, professionally staffed hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others. Nice breakfast with a lot of choice. Great value for money in one of the most expensive in the world. Good central location close to the underground.	
Mar 10 2006 	It was OK.	I would agree with the reviewer that indicated this hotel was somewhat overrated here on this site. My first room was extremely small (even by London standards), let the cold wind blow through the shut window somehow, and was situated so that the orange lights outside shined against and into my room at night so I had the feeling of sleeping in a giant pumpkin. They did change my room upon request, however. The wireless internet was intermittent in my room although the plug-in network cable was always fine, if a little inconvenient. On a positive note the business center downstairs is very nice and the staff were super in all regards.	
Mar 7 2006	Love the K+K	I love the K+K Hotel George. I have stayed at this hotel twice when staying in London and will plan to stay again. The area around the hotel is nice. Tons of pubs and restaurants. I like the area because it does not feel as crowded and touristy as other areas in London. The hotel is also right near the Earl's Court tube station, which has two main lines so it is easy to get anywhere. I have also stay in the K+K Hotel in Paris. I would stay at any K+K Hotel. The staff is friendly, hotels are nice and the locations are great.	
Mar 6 2006	Love this hotel!	I don't have anything negative to say about this hotel other than we had leave after 4 shorts nights. As everyone has said, the location is key. Having never been to London before, we weren't sure of the location because it is outside of the city center but no worries. It is so easy to get around on the tube and the fact that Earl's Court has both the Picadilly and the District lines, you can get anywhere in the city (including the airport) without changing trains. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated. Very modern with clean lines. Speaking of clean, the rooms were very clean and well appointed with a hair dryer, bath products, etc. They did not have an iron but we never checked with the front desk as we did not need one.We booked our room through United Vacations so we got our flight and hotel together. We were pleasantly surprised to learn that a full, hot buffet breakfast was included with our room. It was always delicious and offered plenty of variety to please everyone. The staff was very helpful (they helped us print train schedules to Oxford) and always pleasant. The hotel also has a bar that is open daily until 1 AM which is a convenient stop after the pubs close. Don't miss the Prince of Tek pub 1 block over from the hotel. Pleasant people and good pub food (loved their mushy peas). We hope to get back to the K&amp;K soon and will certainly look for them in other European cities!Cheers!	
Mar 3 2006	Nice Little Hotel in Great Location	Our family of 3 just returned from London where we spent 4 nights at the K&amp;K Hotel George. Although the room was a bit small, it was immaculately clean and well equipped.   The hotel is on a lovely, quiet street, even though it's just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station. What a great location. You can hop on the Picadilly or District line and get to any tourist destination or to the theatre with ease. Breakfast was ample, with lots of choices (ask for a facing the garden. It was lovely, even in winter). Don't have dinner in the hotel. It was mediocre and there are several good &quot;neighborhood&quot; restaurants within a 10 minute stroll. We would definitely stay at the Hotel George again.	
Feb 26 2006	Loved it - like having a flat in London	This hotel was great, it's in a neighborhoody location and with the food shops nearby and the tube down the street, we just loved it. We were in London for eight nights, five of which were at K&amp;K. We would not have left but they were booked on the sixth night. We moved to the Marylebone area by Oxford and did not like it after having such a nice stay at K&amp;K and the Earl's Court area. We liked touring the city all day and choosing one of the restaurants or take out near the hotel and there were many choices. We bought tickets to a play and my husband had a haircut and I had my hair blown out at the Supercuts right there. Great prices, homey feel. I say this because they deserve it, but don't want them to be booked up next time so here's to you K&amp;K, keep a room open for us!	
Feb 25 2006 	Excellent Quality / Superb value	Excellent value. Although housed in a block of former Victorian houses, the intreior has been totally refurbished and stylishly modernised. It's bright cheerful and fresh. Room was large and very well appointed. Very comfortable. Public areas are smaller than average for size of hotel but very well designed. Staff were very knowledgable and helpful. The breakfast included in room rate was first class with a great selection of high quality meats cheeses and breads or a good cooked breakfast as an alternative. The porridge was good too! The dining room looks out on a large rear garden where squirrels romp as you eat. The area is safe and OK but you wont find many good restaurants there. That said the hotel is 2 mins walk from Earls Court Tube. South Kensington (one stop) has dozens of places to eat at all levels of quality / price or the Piccadilly Line will zip you direct to Covent Garden and the West End in 15 mins.Only niggle was that beds and pillows were a little too soft for my tatse but sometimes you cannot have everything!	
Feb 25 2006	Somewhat overrated unfortunately	I fear that this hotel may, on my experience, be slightly overrated within the current Trip Advisor rankings. It is far from a bad hotel though, the rooms are compact yet pleasantly furnished and clean, the public areas are smart and the staff are friendly and efficient.Yet somehow, I left disappointed. After a weeks travelling, staying in other hotels that I have reviewed on this site, I suffered the worst nights sleep in this hotel. The bedding was not particularly comfortable, with the most ludicrously soft pillows I have ever laid my ageing head upon! Due to an early departure to Heathrow (for which this hotel is admirably placed I should note) we had requested a breakfast delivery to the room. This never showed up, so we left feeling rather short-changed and hungry, grabbing a couple of apples as we walked out of the door for the 2 minute walk to Earls Court tube station.So to conclude, it's a nice enough hotel, in a convenient location and not too expensive for London, though I must question whether it's current status as a top 20 hotel in the London rankings is really justified. It didn't have that special spark for me and to be honest, I would be unlikely to return.	
Feb 18 2006	Fabulous hotel	I'm fairly picky when it comes to picking hotels. This was my first trip to Europe, so I did a lot of research first. I tacked this pleasure stay in London on to the tail end of a business trip to Germany. This hotel surpassed my every expectation.The price was very reasonable compared to all of the other hotels I researched that had the amenities I like to have. As a bit of an internet addict, the multitude of internet connectivity options was a huge plus. The hotel has free wired and wireless connections available in the rooms and a computer in the lobby. This allowed me to research the activities I wanted to accomplish during my stay and communicate my adventures to my friends back home in the evening.The location was fantastic. It was right around the corner from the Earl's Court tube station, on the Piccadilly and District lines. Even though it wasn't very close to most of the places I was seeing, it was an extremely convenient and direct trip. Also, as a single woman staying alone, I wasn't the least bit nervous walking around in this area even at night.The room was wonderful and cozy. My room looked out over the nice garden in the back. I enjoyed the free and tasty breakfast (depends on how you book your stay) most mornings by that same garden. The staff was quite helpful as well. They were very pleased when I said I really hoped I would be back for another stay.I'm glad my research paid off. I definitely hope to stay here again!	
Jan 27 2006	Fantastic spot	I stayed here for 8 days at the end of October while traveling with family. The front desk staff was kind and helpful, calling taxis, booking tours, and mailing postcards. There is a computer in the lobby, and one in the business center one floor down, which allowed free internet access. The buffet at the restaurant each morning was sumptuous, though expensive ($25 with the exchange rate); I'd try to get a package that included it. (Croissants with Nutella, fresh pineapple slices, meats &amp; cheeses, smoked salmon -- everything was great but the coffee which was only so-so).The rooms were very small but very well designed. Despite the lack of space, there were many cubbyholes for storing belongings. The bathrooms were again tiny, but with a deep tub (call the front desk for a foot-shaped bath mat) and an excellent shower with a hand-held attachment. Towel warmer a nice touch.We were a little nervous about the Earl's Court neighborhood (a guidebook described it as &quot;dodgy&quot;) but it was fine. You're right next to Kensington and the Kensington/High Street shopping area is a 10 minute walk. Earl's Court itself has some nice restaurants (we especially liked the Larrick at the Prince of Tec pub). The Earl's Court tube stop is also a 5 minute walk from the hotel.All in all, a superlative hotel. I would recommend it highly.	
Jan 22 2006	Delightful Hotel	A polished hotel, with impeccable service and facilities - and a great bargain for London. Everything from the bed linens to the complimentary breakfast were first class, and what you might expect from a much more expensive hotel. The location is also excellent. A friend and I stayed for 5 nights. My best experience ever in London. I will certainly stay here again and recommend to friends.	
Jan 14 2006	Extremely nice hotel in good location	Choice location near Earl's Court tube stop (1 block away), neighborhood grocery stores, post office, cafes, pubs and a very good Indian restaurant. Quiet location and clean room made for a very pleasant stay. Free high-speed internet was a plus. Staff were friendly and moderately helpful. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 11 2006	FANTASTIC	Thanks tripadvisor. Because of the wonderful reviews we stayed at this hotel for three nights between christmas and newyear. Don't be afraid of the location. There are lovely restaurants nearby (Benito is great Italian restaurant) and the tube is nearby. Breakfast is fantastic and all morning long there is free coffee and tea. Rooms are very very very clean and spacious enough. We already planning our trip next year to the same hotel. London is a wonderful city. Just not enough time to see in one visit. Visit the chinese quarter for a great experience!Thanks everybody! Guy en Katrijn	
Jan 10 2006	Loved it!	Stayed here 3rd until 8th January 2006...what can I say? Loved it! Miss it already! I booked on their B &amp; B deal rate which is exellent value. And the breakfast is great. Nice environment. Convenient location. Friendly and helpful staff. Just a great experience. Perhaps the heating was up far too high in the corridors...but just a small gripe. We need more hotels of this quality and price...I feel there is a slow revolution burning on the London hotel scene. Hotels like K &amp; K George will become the benchmark and will survive long into the future...people vote with their feet and wallets remember...overpriced / under quality hotels beware! Thumbs up K &amp; K George! We will be back!	
Jan 4 2006	An outstanding hotel	We stayed there 23-28 Dec 05 and every day was great. Our fine experience began at check-in, where they had our room ready at 10AM. Our triple room (we brought our 16 year-old daughter) was not huge, but we had plenty of room. The bathroom was ideal, with lots of large towels and a blow dryer. Room heating controls worked well, and there was always hot water in the shower. Our 1st floor room faced the courtyard. The K&amp;K is conveniently located on a quiet street close to the underground (Picadilly Line from Heathrow), with numerous shops on Earls Court Road. There are also two self-service laundramats nearby. Breakfast was great, the facility was clean and quiet, and our daughter appreciated the room TV and lobby computer. Many of the front desk staff were not native English speakers, but they still knew the area and answered our questions (correctly). We highly recommened the K&amp;K George.	
Jan 3 2006	Great hotel	Our stay at K+K Hotel George was above our expectations. Modern and swanky, very Euro. My husband and I are both large and felt this hotel provided us with enough accomodation to make our stay fantastic. The rooms are efficient and cute, the beds were a bit harder than expected. The elevators were very small, only accomodating 2 or 3 people at one time. The Earl's Court Station is a 2 minute walk, which is located in between Zone 1 &amp; Zone 2 (Underground terminology). HOT TIP: Book the hotel using the K + K website. Breakfast is included if you book directly through the hotels website. If using Travelocity, breakfast isn't included and is VERY expensive (12 pounds per person = $24 per person for breakfast). The breakfast is a buffet which will fill any hungry man's appetite.	
Dec 29 2005	Worth staying again and again..........	Very clean rooms and bath, super helpful staff, best breakfast buffet, and cozy comfy bar! We loved this place. Stayed 4 nights then off to the Lake District for 4 nights then back to the Hotel George for 4 more nights. Staff checked our excess luggage that we were not taking to the Lake District at no charge. We love traveling to London and this Hotel will be our choice for all future stays. Oh, did I mention that it's just around the corner from the Earl's Court tube stop and great pubs and many varied restaurants. Very convenient!!	
Dec 29 2005	Good location clean nice hotel but small room	We stayed just one night at this hotel and choose it based on the reviews. Pros:1)Easy to get to via underground from Heathrow and just 2 blocks from Earl's Court station.2) Good water pressure in the shower3) Clean room, linens, common area.4) Free internet5) Executive Lounge that was quiet, had tea and another computer for free internet use.6) Breakfast included in the price of the hotel.7) Helpful staff.8) Nice back courtyard = quiet.Cons:1) The only con is that the room we had was very small. Think cruise ship sized room and you will have your expecations correct if you book the standard double room. Would definitely recommend this hotel, would just make certain you were set for a small room. It served our needs well, we were exhausted from the travel over and just wanted a nice, clean, easy to get to hotel that would afford us a good nights sleep. Would stay again!	
Dec 28 2005	Best kept secret in London	Stayed here between December 13th and the 16th, 2005. My traveling companion and I booked separate rooms and were both equally impressed with the cleanliness of the rooms, which were a pretty good size for Europe; high-speed internet available in the lobby and rooms; exceptional breakfast buffet, if not a little pricey (we were given discount coupons for our first meal); great lounge complete with bar and exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. As other reviewers have mentioned, the location is exceptional. The hotel is just a couple of blocks walk from the Earls Court tube stop, which we took directly from Heathrow airport. The bus trasfer to the tube out of terminal four being the only inconvenience. There are several exceptional restaurants in the area including Masala Zone, an exceptional Indian restaurant; Zizzi's, a fine Italian restaurant and a great breakfast restaurant, Dino's, just to the right of the Earls Court tube exit. For aobut 5 pounds fifty pence, we had a full breakfast complete with fresh-squeezed orange juice and excellent capuccino. In addition the Chelsea/Kensington area is full of life and conveniences, so it's in the perfect location. This is my prime location for my return to London. I plan on staying at the K + K from now on.	
Dec 27 2005	Loved the Hotel George!	My husband and I stayed here in early December - we discovered the hotel via tripadvisor and loved it! This hotel has a great location - right near a main underground station with connections to basically everything you would need. There are also great pubs and restaurants nearby and shopping is a short walk away. Staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Rooms were more than adequate and very comfortable. The buffet breakfast was the best we have experienced - everything from champagne to eggs, meats, cheeses, breads etc. It was included in our rate and we did not need to eat again until dinner. We would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 19 2005	Nice Hotel!	I stayed at the K + K George for two nights in early December. The room was tiny, but nice. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel for families because of it's size. I went with my bestfriend, and glad he was the only one because an extra person wouldn't have fit! Our luggage barely fit! Other than the size of the rooms, this is a fine hotel. Bathrooms were exceptionally clean, and we had a nice garden view with windows that open out to let in fresh air. Breakfast at the hotel was good too, although I don't think I would have payed for it if it hadn't been included in my package. The only minus I would say is the location. If you want to be in the mix and walk to everything it will probably take you an hour! Maybe longer. But it is extremely close to the tube, so it doesn't really matter.Just buy a travelcard, it makes getting around easy and it doesn't cost that much. There are also a lot of fast food places to eat at down the street if you're on a budget!Besides all the sites, my favorite thing was actually eating fish and chips at a pub!It was pretty cool, so make sure you do it!	
Dec 17 2005 	2nd stay - very good location	This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel in two years with nearly two years between the stays and this time for business for four nights. I mention the length between stays because I found the quality, service and cleanliness the same both times = good. Also the location for touring and for business are ideal, particularly when using the underground (my company will most certainly pay for taxis, but it can take quite a long time above ground to reach places by car). The Earls Court area around the tube station is very much a living city as opposed to more tourist-y areas, which are only minutes away. As far as the hotel - staff tries to please. As far as room service - pleasant service, but very basic and you might want to avoid unless desperate. I will plan to stay at the hotel again and certainly appreciate Patrick accommodating my reservation request.	
Dec 16 2005	Conveniently located clean hotel	Stayed at the George in November for 4 nights. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Very convenient location, less than 5 min walk to Earl's Court Station. We took the tube directly to/from Heathrow, no transfers. Lots of great ethnic food in the surrounding neighborhood. Indian (Masala Zone), Thai, and Greek places all within walking distance. This hotel is not located in the center of London. This didn't bother us, as we liked taking the tube everywhere. If you want a luxury stay in Picadilly Circus, then this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a comfortable and affordable hotel and don't mind the tube, then book the George. You won't be disappointed.	
Dec 7 2005	Lives up to it's reputation!	I just got home from a wonderful trip to London and stayed at this delightful hotel. The service was fantastic. The breakfast and the bar were awesome and the fact that you get free access to internet is great. I would definitely stay here over and over again. It is really convenient too. The Earls Court tube is very near in addition to a 24 hour market. Masala Zone is a yummy restaurant walking distance to get your Indian fix and there is a charming Italian restaurant called Benito Bistro that you can't leave London without going to. The owner is very charming and the service was wonderful - and of course the food....delicious! There's no being on the fence with the choice of this hotel. I would suggest booking through their site. We stayed 5 nights with breakfast included and it was rather affordable.	
Nov 30 2005	A home away from home	I booked the K&amp;K because of Tripadvisor reviews, and couldn't be happier.The hotel staff were excellent and though I couldn't check in early (I arrive late morning) they suggested a few restaurants to grab lunch.By the time I returned by room was ready and overlooked their garden in back. The room was very nicely furnished and though small by American standards, it was really nice sized. I'm a big guy and was a little worried about all the mentions of &quot;small rooms&quot; in London. But, again, this didn't affect me at all. The double bed was nice and comfortable, the down covers were soft and warm and the pillows were perfect. The bathroom was nice with a deep tub to soak after a long day of walking and the heated towel rack was a nice touch.A friend was staying in London at another hotel and when he visited mine, he immediately took one of their brochures. We both paid about the same price via internet ($125. US) but he commented that while his room was more like an American sized hotel room, he thought the K&amp;K was much better appointed and much nicer all around.This was my first trip to London, and I fell in love with the city. I'm sure a great deal of that has to do with the K&amp;K Hotel George. With the Earl's Court tube station literally a block away, it was a simple trip from Heathrow (no transfers) and the perfect place to stay and explore ALL of London.	
Nov 28 2005 	Great Place	Don't think twice, book this hotel. The rooms are great and the location couldn't be better. It is fantastic value for money. I only paid £90 per night.It is easy to get into London and the main attractions from Earls Court tube station just around the corner.There are also a number of shops and restaurants near by. You can buy a cheap snack (Fast food, burger, kebab etc) or go for a better meal at some more reasonable places(Chinese, Indian, Zizzi, Itlalian). There is a Somerfield, M&amp;S Simply Food and Sainsbury's within 300M of the the hotel. I will definitely stay there again and will look at other K+K hotels. I quite fancy Paris next time!	
Nov 23 2005	Enjoyed our stay	My husband and I stayed at the K+K Hotel George in London for two weeks in September, 2005, and enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel is located very near the Earl's Court Underground Station, which made it very easy to get around London. We used the underground to get to and from Heathrow to the K+K, with good results.The room was small, which is normal for European hotels, but very clean and comfortable, with a view of the garden behind the hotel. Bathroom was good sized and water pressure very good. Plenty of storage space. We enjoyed using the lovely garden to sit and read, write post cards, and eat al fresco. Speaking of eating, the included breakfast buffet was extensive, well presented, and tasty. We made sure breakfast was included by booking thru British Air.Earl's Court Road, a block from the hotel, provided a cosmopolitan mix of restaurants, shops, and we made good use of the laundromat about a block from the hotel. Enjoyed dinner at Benkito's Restaurant on Earl's Court,just down the Mews from the hotel. Also, there is a Marks and Spencer 'take away' a few blocks away, for sandwiches, sodas, etc.We would definately stay here again!	
Nov 22 2005	An Oasis in central London	My wife and I stayed at the K + K for one night (Sat 19th Nov), when we attended an exhibition in London. The location was ideal - just a short (ish) walk from Olympia, and with Earls Court tube station just around the corner, you can get most places in London fairly quickly. The hotel is set in a quiet residential street so no chance of being disturbed. The room was a nice size, although the bathroom was a tad tight - but everything was spotlessly clean so that made up for its &quot;compactness&quot;. The staff were also extremely efficient and friendly. We certainly will be staying at this hotel again.PS - hotel also has a small car park at the side - handy for us as we drove to London.	
Nov 15 2005	really good	Yep, really good: - Great location- Ace breakfasts- Quiet room, small though- Nice bar - Nice people- Free web access, very handy And I found the cheapest rate onthe hotel's own web site.	
Nov 14 2005 	Stay here!	My husband and I stayed for a week at the K+K Hotel George while working in London. We heartily concur with the past TA reviews and would most definitely stay here again. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were immaculately clean. It is just minutes away from the Earl’s Court tube stop and if you’re an Indian food fan, we recommend Masala Zone (a mere block or two away). There were also a handful of markets nearby so shopping for light snacks is also an alternative. Overall, the hotel is a real find and would highly recommend it!	
Nov 5 2005	Great Hotel!	Four of us spent 6 nights (in two different rooms) at the K+K George Hotel, and would definitely stay there again. The rooms, although typically not as large as we are used to in the States, were better than we expected and larger than other hotels we have visited in Europe. In addition to comfortable beds, there was a desk, a couch, and 2 chairs, a safe, air conditioning, windows that opened, a decent sized closet with shelves, TV, and a mini-bar (which we never use). About the only negative thing I could say was that the bathroom was quite small with little space for putting your personal things. But the shower was great and always plenty of warm water. The staff will bend over backwards to please you. Our breakfast buffet was included and it was excellent. Plenty of choices every day. (However, I understand if you didn't have the package, it was pretty expensive.) The location couldn't be better. It was on a nice quiet street only a short distance from Earl's Court tube station. From Earl's Court you could go just about anywhere in the city, as 3 subway lines converged there. And within easy walking distance were several nice restaurants and pubs. All in all a very pleasant experience.	
Nov 3 2005	Good location Service oriented posh decor	We stayed 2 nights in Oct. 2005 at Hotel George. Hotel George is located in a residential area, and has a more peaceful feeling. Although it is not in the hubbub of London, it is only a few blocks from the underground, tour bus stops and a nice pub nearby. The attentive staff is friendly and very helpful. The modern decor is very posh. The room had wireless internet and an ethernet cord to plug into. Mini bar had nuts, pretzles, candy as well as beverages. The marble bathroom had washcloths, lovely fixtures and a good use of a small space. The rooms were small for American standards, but typical european size. The pillows and comforters are down. Since I am allergic to down, they provided me with another non-down pillow. The comforter did not bother my allergies at all. Our room faced the garden in the back, and was quiet at night. Breakfast was delicious. Europeans whom we met there said they return to the Hotel George whenever they are in London. I can't say enough about how service oriented the staff is. Would stay there again.	
Nov 2 2005	Chelsea 	I traveled to London to meet my Mother and Sister for a two week trip around England to catch a few football matches. Our stays took us from London to Manchester, back to London and up to Middlesbrough. I must admit that the time we spent at the Hotel George was most enjoyable, our accomodations were clean and the bathrooms were impeccable. Villeroy &amp; Boch fixtures in the WC were a magnificent touch. Front desk people were very helpful and extremely polite and efficient. When in London, stay here.	
Oct 27 2005	Great hotel...not disappointed again.	Stayed at K+K for the 2nd time for 5 nights in October. Once again, I was not disappointed. It is the most convenient hotel. Great location and lots of food, stores around. Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone planning on staying in London.	
Oct 18 2005	Perfect location friendly desk staff	We chose this hotel based on previous TA reviews. On the hotel's website, I got a standard double room with breakfast (incl champagne) for 99GBP/night. Good deal. The location is 2 blocks from Earl's Court tube station, with a grocery store on the way. Small fridge in room accomodates snacks. No drinks glasses in room, but the bar was happy to give us glasses and ice each day. Front desk helped with resto recommendations, and with bus instructions (expect weekend tube shutdowns for maintenance on certain lines), and shop suggestions. I e-mailed in advance to request a room overlooking the hotel garden, which is very quiet (we slept with our windows open). Beds have bottom sheet, and down duvets--great when it is a bit chilly. Rooms are small, but the norm for London. Bath was actually large for London--all white tile, and nice, large towels. Even supplied flannels (washcloths). Buffet breakfast included champagne, eggs, tomato/bean/mushrooms/sausage, cheese, meats,yogurt, fruit, breads and pastries. Always replenished quickly. Mostly Eurpean clientele--only heard one other American accent!Only problem--had to leave our luggage since the room wasn't ready when we arrived. Took 45 minutes to get it delivered to our room when we returned. Use the discount theater ticket place in Leicester Square for same-day discount theater tickets. &quot;High Society&quot; was well-done.	
Oct 16 2005	Good value for money	We stayed at the K &amp; K George after staying at their sister hotel in Paris. In comparison, the one in Paris was much more modern and poshy but of course more expensive. The location of the hotel is very convenient, only 3 minutes walk to Earl's Court station. And there is this supermarket right next to the station which opens till quite late and is extremely handy for us to stock up on some food and groceries. The staff were not super friendly but was helpful enough to accomodation our requests and questions. Given the outrageous price of hotels and everything else in London, this is quite a value for money good find.	
Sep 30 2005	Lovely hotel and area	My husband and I are just back from our stay in London. We chose the K and K because of all of the excellent reviews here on TA. Our stay was 7 days. Staff is a little stand-offish. But, I do believe that they just wish not to hover over the guests, because as soon as you approach someone they were more than happy to help with a smile. Our room was, yes, small but fine for two. Excellent water pressure, we miss it now. We booked our room through BA Holidays and it included breakfast, which was good. Although, there is no way I would pay 12GBP for it, if it wasn't. So make sure it is included with your room before you sit down. Hotel was v. close to tube station at Earls Court and you can pick up District and Picadilly lines there. Be sure to pick up a travelcard for your stay. The price and convienence can't be beat. If you would like a view for your travels around the city, the bus is included in the travelcard, but you need to study the maps and bus schedules. Not as easy as the underground. All in all, great hotel, great stay and GREAT CITY!!!!	
Sep 27 2005	Outstanding Choice for a London Stay	We just completed a four-night stay at the K+K Hotel George and recommend it highly. We love London and have found, after more than a dozen visits, that some of these smaller West-end hotels, such as the K+K Hotel George, are great options for London stays. Staff was fantastic. Very helpful too in arranging car transport for one outing as well as our return to Heathrow. The location, only a block from Earl's Court tube, is very convenient. Hotel restaurant was fine for dinner. Breakfast buffet (inlcuded) was great. Nearby eateries, food shops and shopping are abundant too. Room was small, but typical by European standards. Internet (wired and wireless) worked fine. All in all, K+K Hotel George was quite a find for us -- and a great choice for your London holiday.	
Sep 22 2005	Will go back again and again!	I stayed at the K + K for 3 nights in August. I chose this hotel because I read many wonderful reviews about the hotel. Now I say, they're all true. The hotel is in a very convenient location, 2 minuts walk to the Earl's Court tube station, in a safe residential area. It's about 20 minutes tube ride to most tourist attractions. There're a supermarket and a drug store steps away from the hotel, lots of affordable restaurants and cafes too. The room is small but very clean, so is the bathroom. There're plenty of clean towls. The staff are very friendly. I arrived early in the morning and they checked me in immediately. The breakfast buffet is a little pricy. But if you can get a coupon, it's good quality English breakfast. There is free coffee in the lobby in the morning, with free internet access in the lobby too. I will stay at this hotel again next time I go to London.	
Sep 14 2005	Excellent place to stay	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for our 10th anniversary for 5 nights before going on to Paris (we stayed at the Hotel le Walt) and it was excellent. We arrived in London the morning after the first set of July bombs on the 8th. You would not have known that something that major had occured by how professional the staff was. Everyone was friendly and helpful and the room was spotless. We were in a standard double room #320 which was very small, but we weren't in London to hang out in a hotel room. The bed linens consisted of a bottom sheet with two twin down comforters and duvet covers folded on the bed and a decorative runner across the foot of the bed. Our duvet covers were changed daily as it appeared was the shower curtain since it was pressed each night when we returned to the hotel. Some comments have been made about the air conditioning, but we had no problems at all. It was quite hot in London while we were there and always had a cold room when we returned. We had our own thermostat in our room and could set the temperature we wanted. The bathroom was a private one, very clean, but be prepared for a very high step to get into the tub/shower. Plenty of hot water. Nice mini bar and in room safe was a plus. The hotel was in a quiet neighborhood yet very close to the Earl's Court tube station. Nice little grocery store between the hotel and the tube station where we bought breakfast each morning. (The breakafst at the hotel seemed a little expensive to us, we preferred the chocolate panache rolls for 97p and a juice at the Sommerfield.) Hotel internet access was very convienent. There are two public computers with one in the lobby and one in the executive lounge. They do charge a small service fee to connect to toll free numbers as with a calling card. The notice in the room says it could cost up to 1 pound per connection, but it was less than 1 pound for all of our calls and we called our children in the States atleast once a day. We had a nice view of the hotel garden and had no hotel noise to deal with. The hotel has real keys for the doors, not key cards, so they ask that you leave them at the front desk when going out and you just ask for your key when you return. There was always someone at the desk even when we arrived back late after the theatre. (By the way, if you are in the West End, an great restuarant is the Ristorante Cappucetto. Excellent italian food for excellent prices.) We flew into Gatwick, took the Gatwick Express into London and had made arrangements for a shuttle to take us to the hotel since we weren't sure where we were going and were worried about being jet lagged with all our luggage on the train. With how easy the Tube is, in hind sight, we could have just bought our tube passes and made it to the hotel ourselves. That's what we decided to do in Paris and the London train system is less confusing than Paris'. We took along the Eyewitness Guidbooks for the maps, and the Rick Steves books for the do it yourself tours. The K+K George was a very nice place to stay. I would be happy to stay there again.	
Sep 4 2005	A good choice for us.	We stayed in the K+K Hotel George from Aug 18th to 25th and found it a good choice. On the outside, it has a similar look to many tourist hotels in the Bayswater &amp; Kensington areas. Inside it is recently updated, very clean and comfortable. We chose it because it was one of the few hotels in our price range that could handle 3 people in one room, was close to the Underground with easy access to things and had a high rating from other reviewers on this site. Here’s what we found: convenient access from Heathrow airport via the Piccadilly Underground line if you don’t mind hauling your suitcases; made easier by asking the ticket seller at Heathrow for tickets to get to Earl’s Court station which doesn’t require changing U/G trains and is just a short block or so from the hotel. It takes about 20min to get downtown by Underground from here and is a great way to get around. On our first day we bought 1week passes for Zone1&amp;2 covering much of the city and making it easy to hop from place to place. Earl’s Court Road is very busy but we found the hotel and our room (4rth floor back) very quiet. Compared to 2 other London hotels I’ve stayed in, the room seemed spacious enough for 3 people (and 3 suitcases) and while the 3rd bed isn’t quite as large as the other 2 it was fine for our 6ft+ teen. They provide a coffee/tea stn, in-room Safe for passports etc., and TV which strangely seemed to have as many German channels as English ones. Lots of cupboard/shelf space, and a nice bathroom (hair blower is provided). The A/C eventually battled the temperature down, and was quiet enough to leave on overnight (I hate these things as they’re usually too noisy). Nearby there are places to buy groceries, a post office, laundromat, bank &amp; ATM machines (compatible to most cards with Cirrus, Plus etc), Internet Café (at McD’s). The hotel has free Internet from a machine in the lobby and Exec ctr as well as wired in your room if you have a laptop. The front desk staff were helpful for showing us our room and when arranging tours but otherwise we just said hi as we came and went. As others have mentioned, the hotel has a breakfast buffet [not included in the room price] but there are a couple of places nearby to get English breakfast for ~3.5 Pounds which is much less expensive. I particularly liked Benkito but found the cost gets high if you stray from their cheap BF. Finding moderate priced restaurants in the area and London in general was our biggest challenge. My recommendations are to do some research before your trip instead of counting on wandering around to find something as we did; which lead to a lot of walking and some frustration with meal selections and cost. The Earl’s court area doesn’t have a huge number of dinner places. You may try eating a bigger breakfast and little lunch, so you can spend more on supper when downtown or wherever. We found Pubs a good alternative as their prices seemed a bit less, and families are welcome (including underage kids). For example the Goat Pub on Kensington Rd if you want to walk to Kensington or Hyde Park area. Otherwise, steel yourself mentally to pay about twice what you would for everything in US/Canada, or you’ll go nuts with the cost. This may be a once-in-a-lifetime trip for some people, and you don’t want to spoil it with worry. Oh, and check your bank card limit with your bank before you go. They are the convenient way to get cash in London (&amp; Paris) but often have a daily and weekly limit and you can run into that as we did if you don’t plan for it. We think the K+K was a good choice and can recommend it to others.	
Sep 1 2005	nice hotel good location	I just got back from a short trip to London with my husband and three teenagers. We stayed at the K &amp; K Hotel George in Earl's Court, and I would definitely recommend this hotel. It was extremely clean and comfortable. The neighborhood surrounding it was safe with many conveniences nearby, and it was just a 1 -2 minute walk to the Underground which easily got us everywhere we wanted to go. The hotel had a nice garden to relax in after a long day sightseeing. There was also an inviting lobby bar, also good for relaxing. Free internet sevice in the lobby let the teens websurf and email home. I would not, however, recommend the breakfast buffet. The price was not included in our cost, so at $12 US pp it was a poor choice for us. Juice, beverages were warm,(icemaker 'broken'); eggs, breakfast meats were cold; service was poor. But aside from the unpleasant breakfast experience, I would definitely recommend the K &amp; K George, and would definitely stay there again when visiting London.	
Aug 30 2005	George has some plusses but more minusses	We just returned from a 5-day stay in London at the K+K Hotel George and we would not stay there again. The main gripes were that the room was too small (free bathroom floor space was only 2x4 feet), walls &amp; floors were too thin (thump thump thump), mattresses were extremely firm (ask for a few extra comforters), tub was very slippery, we were stuck with two twin beds instead of the promised double bed, in-room safe was dead, no clock in room, and they only washed the sheets once during our 5-day stay. On the positive side, the staff was very friendly, the room was very clean with no mildew in the bathroom whatsoever, the shower head had lots of power and never ran out of hot water, the location was conveniently located near a tube stop (off the southwest edge of the city map), and free internet access was a plus. Air conditioning in our room was only &quot;fair&quot; and inside temperature never got more than 1-2 degrees below outside temperature on continuous full blast (we visited in August). The minibar fridge in our room never got very cold either so enjoy your room-temp soda or beer.Regarding London travel in general, we bought two 7-day subway passes which worked great for getting around; we found that everything in the UK costs roughly twice as much as in the US; and we would recommend avoiding some nearby Pizzaria joints that padded our bills and served incredibly bad food.	
Aug 24 2005	Almost but no gold star!	I really didn't want to give the hotel such a low rating, because there were so many things that were right with it. The one thing wrong was a major problem. After exhaustive research (I obviously missed somebody's comments somewhere in this wide, wide universe of Internet chatter), I booked the K+K George Hotel, just around the corner from the Earls Court tube station. Great location, although London is HUGE (even by Texas-sized measurements), it suited our needs since the tube was practically in our back yard. Designated as a 4 star, it was definitely nice enough. The price was within budget and the staff most helpful. Other than a cot, or &quot;camp bed&quot;, for the third person in the room - how bad is that?, the very big short-coming, which is grossly misrepresented in their list of room amenities, is that there is NO air conditioning! I would not have booked it for the middle of July had I known the truth. My definition of &quot;air conditioning&quot; is different than theirs. By Texas standards, &quot;air conditioning&quot; means a room has independent control over the temperature of the air exiting the small vent in the room, which can be manually changed to something less than room (and outside) temperature. Yes, I asked housekeeping to check into it. They did and pronounced it as not having enough power behind it (?). Whatever was done, nothing changed. It really makes a difference when you've been out sightseeing all day and are ready to come back to your room, have a shower and relax in an environment which is cooler than what it is on the outside. Yes, I would stay there during cooler months, but never, ever, during the warmer ones. They really should be careful as to how their rooms are described. As for the second leg of our trip, we stayed at the Stillorgan Park Hotel in Dublin, which I've rated elsewhere, and it had genuine, chilled-air air conditioning. They obviously use the same dictionary in Dublin as we do in Dallas! Hurray for the Irish!	
Aug 23 2005	Great Hotel for the Cost!	August 23/05 - We just returned from a 2 week trip to Europe ending in London. The service in this hotel is absolutely wonderful! The front desk staff were very attentive and responded immediately to all our requests. There is a lovely garden at the back of the hotel where guests can sit and enjoy a cup of tea. We had a standard triple room with 3 beds. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was quite modern and the room had adequate central air conditioning. Internet access is free at the hotel. If you need an adaptor the hotel will supply you with one, ask at the front desk. The location is fantastic. The hotel is located in a quiet street far away to allow you peace and quiet after a hectic day sightseeing but close enough to all amenities. You can walk to the subway (tube) which will take you just about anywhere in London. If you wish to do your own laundry there is a small laundromat on the main street a couple minutes from the hotel. The hotel is also very close to numerous restaurants and supermarkets. If you feel like eating out, ask at the front desk for suggestions for great restaurants, the hotel staff will willingly assist you. If you need tickets for the theatre (you must go to the theatre in London!) or for the London Eye, London Dungeon, Bus Tour etc. please go to any of the tourist information centres, they will give you the best prices and you will avoid long line ups at ticket outlets. There is no service charge at the info centres. Also, if you are a family buy a family day pass for the tube it is much much cheaper! The hotel room cost us Cdn$221.00 per night. Great rate, great hotel. I would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 22 2005	Good place to stay--would return	Safe neighborhood, net access was a plus, room was adequate. Bathtub was nice for soaking sore feet after walking all over London! Tube access close (Earl's Ct. station), lots of restaurants nearby. Only complaints: pillows were flat and bed was a bit hard. Breakfast was too expensive, we just bought our own and kept it cool in the minibar.	
Aug 21 2005	Nice hotel -- modern amenities very comfortable	We liked this hotel a lot. It is within 2 blocks of the underground, and within walking distance of several places to eat. A slightly longer walk will take you to a major shopping district. The hotel staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The rooms are clean and the showers are great. If you didn't bring a laptop, you can sit down at the computer in the lobby. Although not really close to any major tourist sites, it is not too far from Hyde Park. Breakfast is expensive (about $20) but the hotel offers breakfast for the second person at half price. A menu with sandwiches, snacks, and desserts is available most times of day in the bar, and the food is good (we were winding down after a week of heavy traveling and wanted to stay close).	
Aug 18 2005	Small but very nice	We used TripAdvisor to plan our honeymoon, and we weren't disappointed. We found the K+K on this website to be the first hotel ranked in the London section under $200 a night, so we booked 4 nights there.It was a great place to spend a few days. The rooms are small, but hey, this is London right? We didn't spend much time in the hotel anyway so that was fine. They don't have much in the way of &quot;extras,&quot; but the one thing we really appreciated was the FREE internet in the room or downstairs in the lobby at a terminal. We stayed at the Four Seasons in Paris, and would have had to have paid 22 Euro per day for internet in our room. I really liked being able to use my laptop to look up restaurants, check email and find Sports scores (besides Cricket and Soccer!). Why don't more hotels include free internet? If they have the ethernet in place, it really doesn't cost them anything to have it turned on, do they have to charge? My wife needed to check some stuff online as well, and was waiting to use the terminal in the lobby, when one of the women who worked there told her about the &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; downstairs that had a computer with a printer. We snuck downstairs, which is I suppose reserved for business members, and found a nice comfortable place with couches, TV, and a computer. I can't believe I'm telling you this, since it was one of our favorite little secrets, but we hung out more down there then we did in our room, since the room was a bit small... hee hee... don't tell anyone else about it, or else it'll be packed!The rooms were smallish, but very contemporary, clean and well equipped. Bathrooms were more than adequate. Very well kept and clean.One of the reviewers ahead of me complained about 12 British Pounds for their buffet breakfast. They gave us a coupon for 2 breakfasts for 18 pounds. We ate there the first day, and liked it, though $30 for breakfast is sort of a lot, but it was an all you can eat affair, with a pretty good selection. Actually in London you have to abandon your sense of what money should buy. We spent easily spent $50-100 on most of our decent meals for 2. We spent $50 on Chinese food for 2. Being from San Francisco, and being Chinese American, spending $50 on regular Chinese food is a bit of a crime. In San Francisco, $50 can buy you a pretty excellent meal for 2, $100 should buy you dinner at one of our better restaurants, and that's San Francisco, not exactly a cheap place to eat by most standards!The neighborhood around the K+K is great, very cute houses and other small hotels. There were other hotels in the area that were cheaper, but they looked a little outdated and dirty. The K+K was by far the nicest. It's 2 blocks from the Underground, with convenient connections to anywhere in London. Lots of places to eat, lots of ethnic places. We tried Benjy's across the street, a greasy spoon, food was so-so... well, at least we were full for under 10 GBP. There's an Austrailian Pub on the corner, plenty of Curry houses, a &quot;Tex mex&quot; sort of place, some Chinese places. We ate at Mr. Wing's Chinese food place about 5 blocks away down Earl's Court Street, food was actually pretty good. The workers were excited about speaking Chinese with us and hung out and talked with us while waited for our food, which was sort of fun. But again, that meal, which was tasty and a nice break from some other stuff you might come across in London, was 25 pounds, which in USD$ is just way too much for mu shu pork, black-bean chicken and noodles. But then again, 25 pounds for dinner is pretty average. At Earl's court there were lots of places with plates for under 10 pounds so you could eat pretty reasonably.Overall, a very nice stay. Only reason I rate it 4 instead of 5 is that I save a 5 rating for hotels that really blow my mind with more facillities. But the K+K is a great place to stay, nothing fancy, but a bed, a bathroom, decent service, a good neighborhood, and free internet, at a decent price.	
Aug 9 2005	Staying in a neighborhood	The K and K Hotel George has a nice location in a quiet neighborhood which always felt safe. The rooms were clean and comfortable though small. The bathroom was modern and always had hot water and good pressure in the shower. The staff were concientious about cleaning and providing any needed services. The entire staff appears to be from former Soviet Block countries and while lovely and helpful with good English speaking skills do not know much about the city. The bed was very comfortable but the cot for our child was quite hard, she took to calling it &quot;the stone&quot;.The breakfast was lovely but quite expensive (12pounds per person which is currently about 20 dollars, 60 dollars for a family of three!). Several folks we met had expected it to be included in their room rate and it was not, make sure you double check this, I think it was either Expedia or Travelocity that said it was included and the hotel would not accomodate the folks with free breakfast because they said it was the fault of the travel website. I got a lot of groceries for breakfast and lunch at the Marks and Spencer food mart near the tube station. They had very nice baked goods and prepared salads and juice etc for reasonable (by London standards) prices.I would say the only downside was that we were there during the second bombing incident and were reluctant to use the tube, and the taxis from that area to the rest of the city are quite expensive. If you plan to use the tube the location is wonderfully convenient.	
Aug 8 2005	Really nice hotel and location	My husband, mother-in-law and I stayed in the K+K for four nights in one of their triple bedrooms. So let's get the complaints out of the way: perhaps the doubles are more spacious, but the three of us were pretty cramped in the triple. The double bed is well sized but the third bed is a little small so it won't do for anybody taller than 5' 6&quot;. My husband who's 6' 2&quot; found the showerhead to be low. Also, the glass door of the shower only went halfway so you inevitably get water on the floor. But that's about it. The hotel and our room &amp; bathroom were immaculate and tastefully decorated. The beds were comfortable and the linens and towels were clean and high-end. The air conditioning was very sufficient for our needs, but it wasn't really that hot while we were there. We had a laptop with us and the free wireless in the room was really sweet. It's a little patchy but hey, it's free wireless! Contrary to what some of the other posts said, the service was really nice and really helpful. The wake-up calls were on time (no clocks in the bedroom), they set up a taxi for us, and were very helpful about suggestions to restaurants in the area.The hotel offers buffet breakfast, but if it's not already included in your rate then it's really pricey at 12 GBP. Fortunately, the hotel is within easy walking distance of some really excellent and well priced restaurants (for London) on Earl's Court Road. For breakfast, there's Benji's a sort of British diner that serves a British breakfast of eggs/beans/toast for 3.30 GBP. A couple doors down is Benkito's that does really good coffee and also has an English breakfast for about 3.80 GBP. For dinner, Mazala Zone, an Indian restaurant, really rocks. Really authentic Indian food (much better than what you get in the States) in a nice atmosphere at really good prices.And of course, Earl's Court station on the Picadilly line is very convenient to the hotel and very convenient to get to from the airport (it serves Heathrow directly). The hotel is a little bit further out in West London so you can expect to ride the subway for 15-20 minutes to get places.All in all, a very pleasant experience. Aside from the room size, which is expected for London, a very highly recommended hotel.	
Aug 3 2005	Great hotel	Stayed at the K+K George Hotel in South Kensington June 17-29, 2005 on the recommendations of many Trip Advisor reviewers. We loved the hotel. It had undergone a complete refurbishing about a year earlier so the rooms and amenities were updated and new. The rooms are about what you would expect for London - smallish, but quite comfortable. The bathroom was spotless, well lit with all the amenities available, including hair dryer, a 5x magnifying mirror, towel warmer. In summary, clean and spotless. However, bring your own shampoo and conditioner if you ae fussy about what you use.The only room glitch appears to be the air conditioning - ours worked perfectly but we heard other rooms were not so lucky. However, management moved another couple once they were made aware of the problem. A major glitch during our stay was the elevator - one stopped and refused to move off from the second floor, so we decided to walk. However, it appeared to be fixed quickly and had no problems during the rest of our stay.Location wise, the hotel is very close to the Earls Court tube just inside zone 1 which is perfect for those with a weekly zone 1 pass. The neighbourhood was quiet; the inside garden was lovely. Close by there was a Starbucks for the regular morning caffeine fix although the hotel provided free tea and coffee in the lobby. While slightly inconvenient compared to hotels located closer to London, say in Leicester Square, the quality more than made up for the location. There is also a supermarket close by to Earls Court for groceries, like water, juices, fruits.The hotel provided free internet via a common computer in the lobby - it was quite busy but people were generally courteous about usage. For those in desparate need, there is a second computer in the business lounge downstairs which many people did not know about.Overall,I rate this hotel tops for the price we paid (we booked through Expedia which gave a good price for the quality). We highly recommend this hotel and would stay at it again in a flash.	
Jul 27 2005	Awesome!	My husband, myself and my 10 year old son stayed at the K&amp;K for 5 nights last month and we loved it! As so many reviews have noted, the location was perfect. Extremely close to everything needed....most especially the tube station, Earl's Court...close to everything, yet on a very quiet and safe little residential street that welcomes one back from a long day touring and the like. Our room was exceptionally clean, and bright. The beds were comfortable and longer than most I have experienced in Europe (we are a very tall family). The breakfast was a smash hit with all of us and the garden is perfect for afternoon tea or to enjoy while writting out post cards to folks back home.We will be back to this hotel on our next visit!!	
Jul 25 2005	Great hotel very modern awesome bar area	This is a great hotel in a nice area of London outside the city center. Very near the Earl's Court tube stop -- less than a two-minute walk. Takes maybe 20 minutes to get to the major attractions -- not bad at all. Maybe 40 minutes by tube from Heathrow.It is safe to walk all around the area and is not that far from Harrod's, Kensington, etc. (we walked a lot due to the bombings). Great pubs, takeaways, Starbucks, and restaurants are only one block away.The location is ideal -- it is set off a major road (Earl's Court Road) but you cannot hear a thing. I was impressed at the solitude it seemed to provide in one of the world's largest cities.The staff was helpful getting taxis and on checkout, etc. The bar staff was &quot;iffy&quot; -- one bartender (a very nice, young Polish woman whose name escapes me) was excellent and very nice to talk with. However, the man (foreign guy) who worked the bar while we were there was rude at times -- not overtly, but just short with us a time or two (for no reason that we could tell). We tipped well and were not loud so who knows what the deal was. Wasn't really bad enough for me to complain to the management though.The rooms are small (typical of London hotels) but the bedding is incredible. TV is good and there is free wireless access throughout the hotel and a free computer to use in the lobby. Free tea and coffee each morning + a nice buffet if that's your thing (although it's pricey and I suggest hitting one of the many groceries on the main road for pastries instead).Also, there is a nice, relaxing garden area where you can eat and drink. It's a good feature of the hotel.I would stay here again without any issues. Highly recommended.	
Jul 24 2005	Would recommend to friends	We were pleased with our selection of this hotel after reading the reviews on this site. It was a two minute walk to the Earl's Court tube station, the room was small, but clean and comfortable (air-conditioned), nice bathroom, quiet for the most part with the exception of a fire-alarm that went off twice during our 5 night stay there (once at 3:30 AM). The explanation at the front desk the next morning was that the fire alarm was set off by someone taking a very hot shower - this explanation was not followed by an apology, but was delivered in a defensive manner. There is a lovely garden in the back, and excellent internet access. Breakfast is 12 pounds per person, but there are quite a few restaurants in the nighborhood for a cheaper breakfast, including Starbuck's and McDonalds.	
Jul 22 2005	exceeded expectations!	We found a great rate 198 pounds for two rooms. I expected to deal with low water pressure and something funky. I was very pleased to find all the good things other reviewers have said.The great things were:showervery large and fresh buffet breakfastfree internet and printing access (2 computers)clean, clean, cleanquiet location but close to everythingvery nice duvets and beddingFYI We had both street and garden rooms, both were very quiet. Double rooms are much smaller than twin rooms. (two beds pushed together)Much of the staff were not from London and therefore would not know as much about London but are happy to give you maps etc..Earls Court will take you straight to Heathrow and we did so with three children. Very easy and about $50.00 less than taking a cab and faster.Holland Park, Notting Hill and Kensington are very close. West End is easy to get to. Earls Court and South Kensington are a bit hectic, so we generally steer clear of them for meals other than McDonalds.I have stayed at luxury hotels, rented homes, etc...in London, but with kids and the breakfast, this hotel is a great alternative.	
Jul 21 2005	Recommended	Nice hotel in a good location. Clean, good service and no surprises. The 12 pound breakfast is quite overpriced but several reasonably-priced restaurants are very close by. We would recommend Masala Zone if you like Indian food. Nando's down the street has bottomless pop (which we found to be a rarity in most of europe)!!! Earls Court tube station is an easy 5 minute walk. Note: the rack rate was nearly double what we paid through Travelocity.	
Jul 8 2005	Great Value	My family stayed here for 5 nights after reading the reviews about the hotel. We booked two rooms next to each other and received a great rate of 98 pounds per night. I would echo a recent posting in that the hotel itself is fabulous, with clean rooms, an excellent breakfast, a relaxing garden, and a nice little bar area to unwind after a day of sightseeing. The staff, though, is not up to that level. While they try to appear friendly, they are not very knowledgable about the area and more efficient than helpful. They did, however, give us a nice informal Tapas restaurant recommendation in the area that is perfect for families looking for a relatively inexpensive (for London) and tasty meal. The rooms were adequate in size and were pretty soundproof. We stayed on the first floor in a room overlooking the garden. Earls Court tube stop is convenient, although buses are a little harder to get to. It is convenient to walk to the Natural History and Science Museums as well as the V&amp;A, but there is not much around the hotel area itself. All in all a very nice hotel that is worth staying at to be able to spend your money on an extra show in the West End.	
Jul 7 2005	OK - Great for Price -	We stayed at the K &amp; K based on the reviews here so I wanted to contribute. We got a great rate thru Travelocity which did not include the breakfast. That was OK since we were usually off early to go somewhere and there are lots of places on Earls Court Rd to get coffee and something else.Here are the good points:- hotel is very contemporary and clean.- although room is very small, it was comfortable.- bathroom was very clean - shower excellent- location is very good - very close to tube stop which is still zone 1. (see other comment below)- room was very quiet - we were facing the back.Some areas for improvement:- staff can be a bit cold. If you are looking for real concierge services, this hotel will not meet your expectations. For example, they were very reluctant to call and make dinner reservations for us.- we found the bed to be very hard - pillows were great though- no clock in the room - wake up calls are iffy - sometimes they called and sometimes they didn't. So if you need to be somewhere (like back to the airport to catch your plane - Bring your own alarm clock.- although location is good, it is not in the center of things and sometimes, that woudl have been more helpful. There were days when we shlepped all day and had to go all the way back to Earls Court to change before dinner and then back out again to the theater, etc.Overall, this hotel was fine. We might stay there again but would probably prefer something a bit more upscale. But for the money, you can't beat it.Just realize that it is not a luxury property.	
Jun 30 2005	Highly Recommend	The K &amp; K George Hotel met, actually exceeded my expections. The rooms were very clean, and larger than I expected for London. The bathroom was great, about the same size as those in US hotels, and everything was very clean. My room rate included the buffet breakfast which was very nice. The hotel is German owned. Some of the staff were prehaps a little cold, but others were very professtional and helpful. My one complaint was that when we asked them to call us a taxi for the theater, they called a van service, and we ended up paying 50% more than the regular taxi we took back to the hotel. If you ask them to get a taxi for you, specify exactly what you want. The location is very pretty and close to a street with stores and casual restaurants. A cute restaurant, NANDO'S, is very close by and has great roast chicken, grilled corn, and would be good for children - check it out. The Earl's Court tube is very close. Plan to get a 3 or 6 day tube pass, you will save a lot of money.	
Jun 27 2005	Loved the hotel but not the staff	My family stayed at the K &amp; K George Hotel in London after reading the wonderful reviews on Tripadvisor. There were some slight problems with our booking through Travelocity, but they were fairly easily resolved. The hotel far exceeded my expectations for a London hotel. The room for 3 was a decent size, very modern with a nice size bathroom, and had all the amenities we needed. My feeling at the hotel was the problem. The entire hotel staff were German, almost exclusively, and many of the clients were German. I felt we were somewhat looked down upon from the staff. Maybe it is just the German demeanor, but I did not feel any warmth or genuine helpfulness from the staff as I did in the other cities we had travelled to for the past 2 weeks. My whole family, 5 of us, felt the same way. Obviously, from the reviews on this website, most people did not feel this. We definitely did. Also, I prefer to be closer to the Kensington area as opposed to Earl's Court.	
Jun 25 2005	Perfect Stay	We had a great stay at this hotel. The rooms are small but that is too be expected in Europe. I hear too many people comment ont he size of rooms... they are small but I would take it over a holiday inn any day. The location is perfect... on a small quiet street 2 blocks form the Earls Court tube station, close to chic Kennsington.We needed to hire a car to pick up my grandmother and the front desk took care off all the arrangememnts.I would stay there again	
Jun 23 2005	Very highly recommended!	Just returned from staying at the George for 3 nights, and would definitely stay here again.Location was perfect, as mentioned in other reviews- very close to Tube (Piccadilly Line is direct to Leicester Square and takes about 30 mins) and lots of restaurants and pubs around the corner aswell as convenience stores where we stocked up on snacks and bottled water - much needed in the extreme heat of the last few days!Our room was on the fourth floor, and was a good size, and light and airy. The air conditioning was excellent apart from one random night when it was roasting in the room, however that may have been down to our sunstroke rather than faulty air con! The room was spotless and modern, with a desk, table and chair, mini-bar and TV. The bathroom was small but again spotless, shower was good and there were plenty of towels and toiletries to use.Breakfast was lovely, buffet-style with anything you could possibly want for breakfast available! Also it was served until 11am which is quite late compared to other hotels I have stayed at in the past. Will definitely be looking this place up again next time I visit London!	
Jun 21 2005	Very happy with the K	We just returned from London last week, having stayed at the K&amp;K George. We were pleased with the room---not huge, but we did have a desk and our bed was quite comfortable. Our room was on the street side, but it was very quiet. Our ac worked just fine, but it was not hot at night while we were there. I had been warned to take washcloths, that London hotels don't supply them, but fresh towels and washcloths were provided daily. The staff was helpful and responsive. (Our hairdryer didn't work, so they went out and got another one and they were helpful about providing directions to places. They also replaced our feather pillows with hypo-allergenic ones as we requested.) The bathroom had great water pressure and temperature and good lighting. Nando's was a good place to eat nearby. There is a good little grocery story (Sainsbury's) one block over, great for water, munchies, etc. with reasonable prices. The tube station is just a few minutes walk away through a pleasant area, so that you can get anywhere you want to go. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 21 2005	Great Hotel Perfect Location!	Stayed at the Hotel George in early June. This was our second trip to London and it far exceeded our expectations. By London standards, room was good size (means a little on the small side but comfortable) with bathroom with shower/tub. Awesome buffet breakfast is available, including eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, cereal, coffee, juice...Staff was friendly &amp; helpful, great garden in back, tube stop just around the corner...	
Jun 17 2005	Just as Expected. A very good hotel.	We have just returned from a 3 day stay at K+K Hotel George. We have read all the reviews on this site and agree that the hotel is a good value and would stay again. We truly enjoyed this hotel.I will sum our thoughs:-very convenient location if you want to use the tube as your main mode of transportation. Earl's Court is a good starting point to get anywhere in the city.-The street is truly quiet as mentioned on previous reviews. Earl's Court is quite busy, but as you walk toward the hotel, you notice the change.-The hotel lobby is bright, clean, and easily accessible. Desk service is efficent. We usually do not require much from the hotel staff, but the few things we did ask help with were handled wonderfully.-Computer with free internet access is readily accessible in the lobby and available whenever we needed it. There is another downstairs in the lounge. Very quiet.-The lift is indeed small, but sounds like all lifts in London are small. There are two and they are bright and clean. You may need separate lifts if you have more than one bag per person, but stairs are available as well.-We had a double room on the third floor next to the lift. We could sometimes hear the lift arrive, so if you are sensitive, may want to request other location. -our double room did not have a desk, but understand from other reviews that you may be able to request one with and have a bigger room. -room was clean, quiet, view of garden, small as I have heard all hotel rooms in London are. Bathroom shined it was so clean. Better than expected! Our strategy was to have one up at a time in the morning getting ready. Meant that we were not in each other's way in the small room and that I got to sleep a bit longer. Room temp was comfortable, and we didn't hear neighbors. The two individual duvets folded on the bed were odd to my experience and I did not get a chance to find out why they were like that. The shower was a treat. Hot and great pressure. -Breakfast was great as mentioned before. Good service. -If decor is an important part of your hotel experience, please look at the hotel photos. They are quite accurate as to the interior furnishings. It is very simple, bright and light in my opinion. The decor suited what we were looking for in this trip, but it is a matter of personal taste. -we did not spend much time in the hotel;we were out at 8 and back after 10, so the location not right next to the major sites was not an issue at all. -We did not spend any real time in Earl's Court, but other reviews mention good restaurants. We were in need of Chemist and other toiletries which were right next to the tube station.-if we wanted a truly &quot;British Hotel&quot; experience and the close proximity to the center of London, K+K would not be our choice, but our wallets would be a bit more empty. Our trip to London was wonderful and our hotel choice was great.	
Jun 14 2005	Service and value	The K + K Geoge Hotel was a great value, had nice amenities and as nice and helpful a staff as could be hoped for. The food was excellent and the garden a very pleasant place to relax. The tube stop and bus are most convenient and even though the hotel is not in the center of the tourist area, it is easy to get around from its location. If you don't mind some walking or riding the tube, it is a great place to stay. The A/C is not great but adequate if not too hot outside. PE	
Jun 13 2005	Good hotel for the price	Having read the reviews for the Hotel George over the past several months, I decided to book our 5 day stay here. As previously stated, the hotel is in a good location in Earl's Court and very convienent to the Earl's Court Underground. Our room was adequate for the 3 of us, the carpet a little worn and the beds not the most comfortable. The bathroom was clean and stocked with thick, large bath towels and facecloths and the usual shampoo/shower gel/soap. I didn't find the rooms noisy...maybe there was no one on either side of us at the time. My only complaint would be the room was hot at night and the fan didn't really cool it and with 3 of us and 5 pieces of luggage, there was no place to get it out of the way. The breakfast which was included in our cost was great...lots to eat and good selection of hot and cold items. We were out and about most of the day, so we generally ate dinner at restaurants nearby and 2 I would recommend (they were pricey...but I found London to be so anyway) would be the Masala Zone...great curries and decent portions (about 6 to 8 pounds per meal)...and Bistro Benito..(meals about 7 to 9 pounds)...a great Italian place within a block or two of the hotel (as is Masala Zone)....the portions here were large and very yummy! All in all, I would stay at the Hotel George again because of location, area and price.	
Jun 12 2005	Convenient 	The K+K is on a quiet side street in a neighborhood of boutique hotels and residences. Our rooms were tiny but the ceilings are high and we had huge, sunny windows overlooking the hotel's little park. The walls are thin -I could literally talk to my sister through the wall of our connecting rooms without using the telephone and without raising my voice - and yet I wasn't disturbed by noise either night of our 2-night stay. The elevators are the tiniest I've ever seen - not for claustrophobics - only 2 or 3 people can fit into them at a time. I took the stairs! The hotel is only 3 minutes from Earl's Court Underground station- very convenient - we made it back from Covent Garden after the theatre in 30 minutes flat. Family-run cafes and fast-food places are just a block away. The staff is courteous, but you shouldn't expect concierge-level service. We wanted help with theatre tickets and were told to go to Leicester Square and deal with it ourselves (which was a hot, crowded, 20-minute ride on the tube). We were satisfied with our stay.	
Jun 9 2005	Absolutely perfect!	This hotel is absolutely perfect! As previously mentioned, the hotel is perfectly located close to the tube. Once you arrive at the hotel, you will find the staff to be polite and of great assistance. The entrance is classy, which then leads on to a warm cosy bar. Despite rooms in London being generally small, my partner and I found the size to be quite reasonable, with all ammenties you would require in a hotel. The shower/bath is great! However, the best the hotel had to offer was the breakfast - a range of hot and cold food, extremely fresh and filling. The waiters are also extremely helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Jun 6 2005	Great location and friendly staff.	My wife and I just got back from two weeks in Europe, one of which was spent at the K + K Hotel George. Location was terrific. Yes, it was located right around the corner, literally, from the Earl's Court station (which let you go anywhere in London w/ the District and Circle Lines) but it was just 2 blocks away from a bustling, noisy street but Templeton was virtually silent most of the time. The Somerfield grocery store next to the McDonalds was a great find too. We stopped there everyday for bottled water and snack foods before and after we would head out for the day. Back to the hotel...the rooms were smaller than I remember European rooms being but they were clean and the A/C worked (thank goodness since it was 90degrees Farenheit!). The lobby/bar got a bit smokey at night but that was fine b/c we just walked out to the back gardens and enjoyed the cool breeze. The staff was very helpful, although not very warm. They booked cabs and got directions to restaurants that we had tagged to eat at during our stay. Also, for some reason, they could not reach our room for our wake-up calls in the morning. We could dial out but they could not reach us. So, every morning, a staff member would come by and knock on our door until we woke up. Very nice of them to do that. We were in room 201, had a well lit room with three big windows that opened up to Templeton.Aside from the Somerfields, we did not eat near the hotel, however, if you are looking for some recommendations, here they are:Darius - Persian food. Some of the best I ever had and inexpensive. Kind of a pain to get to by the Tube (Royal Oak) but not so bad if you don't mind walking a bit before and after your meal.Chutney Mary - Indian Food. Delicious and just two tube stops away (Fulham Broadway). It is about a 15 min. walk from the tube stop to the restaurant but it is worth it as well. BlueBird Cafe - Continental Cuisine. Very trendy and hip place near Chutney Mary. This is in Chelsea on King's Road. Lots of cool shops, restaurants, and bars. A bit pricey but excellent atmosphere and food. Beaufort House - 1/2 a block from BlueBird Cafe. Great place for drinks. Anyway, we did a lot while we were in London and were glad to have a safe place like the K + K to come back to each night. Will post some pics soon. Anyone planning a trip and looking for feedback, feel free to email me @ eujung@mindspring.com.	
May 24 2005	Only 1 negative...	Hubby and I stayed at Hotel George May 6-15. Fourth trip to London. Very happy with location. Flew into Heathrow and took Picadilly line(Blue Line) to Earl's Court. As this underground is very deep there are elevators to the surface...result...no stairs to deal with with your luggage between LHR and the front door of the hotel where you find 6 stairs. Very handy as long as you can rolly your bags through the airport and on cobblestones. Tube fare was 4 pds sterling per person. Hotel located 2 very short London blocks from Earl's Court. Just exit station turn left, take first left and then first right onto Templeton. Easy peasy. Many eating choices including Subway and McD's. Nando's chicken and Benkito's very good choices. You'll pass McD's on your way to the tube as is Starbucks, Nando's is right on the corner, Benkito's in right through the Mews(little alley/street) across from the hotel. Also several currency exchanges very close. Easy tube access on Picadilly and District Lines to everywhere. Tube Tip...many diff ticket types offered. If you're a tourist consider the Zone 1-2 unlimited 1 day pass. Very easy to use and much cheaper than buying as you go. Ladies, just don't let the magnet on your purse erase it! Only down side to hotel was thin walls...could here the neighbors talking, snoring, could hear their alarm clock etc. Otherwise, great choice. Mattresses could be better, but everything else clean, new, down duvet/pillows, etc. Free internet access in lobby and downstairs business center. Buffet breakfast great way to start the day...lots of choices, fruit to go, etc. Eating in the garden in nice weather very plesant option.Would stay there again...like it better than Royal Horseguards(Nov 2004) although that location can't be beat!	
May 22 2005	Loved the K+K! Great for kids!	We stayed at the K+K after reading great reviews here so thought we better share our feedback (especially after ready a couple of neutral recent reviews).My husband, 4 year old son and I stayed at the K+K last week for 3 nights and while slightly pricey (but not really for London), we were very pleased with what we got especially compared to London hotels from prior visits.Here's what we saw as the hotels key features:LOCATION! Earl's court subway handy for all lines. Also very handy to bank machines, convenience and grocery stores and it's on a nice quiet street.For Kids: For the fussy eaters, it's handy to have a McDonald's &amp; Burger King, and a great back garden for running some of their energy off. We also booked directly and got a rate of #115 for a triple room. (Children stay free but I couldn't manage to ensure a bed for my son without phoning the hotel. They were extremely polite and helpful on a short call I made to reserve and later extend our stay.)Breakfast: A great variety and was included in our room rate. Child-friendly and parent-friendly foods.Room: To me it was large by typical London standards. The bathroom was small but adequate and clean with a shower and bath and free shower gel, shampoo. (No flannels/face cloths so I did appreciate the tips to bring our own.) I'm allergic to feathers and they replaced them with allergenic pillows quite quickly.Free computer with Internet access in lobby: I managed to send some emails, check for information easily without having to bring my own computer.Overall, we couldn't have asked for anything more! Very pleased with our K+K experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice hotel in London!	
May 11 2005	Not quite up to good reviews	We stayed at this hotel because of its proximity to Earls Court. Room very small although clean. Kettle did not work for warm drinks and although ordered tray of tea from room service it did not arrive. Breakfast good choice but cold plates for the hot buffet and &quot;hot&quot; buffet was only just warm. Not really very impressed.Anne Ludlow	
May 9 2005	Ok not great	I can't share the almost unreserved enthusiasm for this place from other reviewers. I guess it really depends on the deal you can get. Ours didn't include breakfast, which seems to be a big draw. The reception area is nice as in the garden to the rear. The room was OK, not as quiet as everyone else seems to say. Could hear the curtains closing in the room next door and low conversation/TV noise. When it rained, the noise on the windows was really loud for some reason. Double bed had two single duvets on it, which was quite odd. Bathroom beginning to look a bit tatty. White plastic door handles look really grim. Reception staff very nice, and helpful. Location quite good - easly to get to S Ken., Brompton Cross, Knightsbridge on foot even. Tube is about 20 mins to central London. About 40 mins to Heathrow.In all, probably 3+, but not as good as I had thought it would be after reading all of the reviews here, so slightly dissappointing.	
May 3 2005	Great Location! Great choice of a hotel!	We spent the past 2 weeks traveling around Greece, London, and Paris. By far, the K+K Hotel George was the best value of the whole trip. We spent April 23-25, 29 at the K+K Hotel George in Earls Court. First, let us say, that it seems that there are literally thousands of accomodations in London, and we actually chose this hotel as a result of reading this website earlier in the year. The location is absolutely excellent, only a block from the Earls' Court Underground (Picadilly, District, and Circle lines). It is a lovely short walk to Kensington High Street, and you can choose to walk or ride the Underground to all of the major attractions in Central London (Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Green Park, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Parliment, Westminister Abbey, the London Eye, etc... etc... ) We used the Underground to and from Heathrow Airport and Waterloo Train Station without any difficulties. Rooms and bathrooms are small but very efficient and clean. The street is quiet. The breakfast buffet is EXCELLENT. The staff is very helpful with recommendations, directions, etc... The hotel offers FREE internet access which was extremely important for us. Nice bar. Lovely gardens to sit and read or enjoy a spot of tea or a cocktail. Loved this hotel. Will return! Highly recommended.	
May 3 2005	great value hotel	This hotel is a very nice hotel. Small rooms but immaculate. Very comfortable bed and quiet too. The buffet breakfast which was included in our rate £100 for a double is simply superb, one of the best we have seen for a hotel of this size. fresh fruits, nicely cooked hot breakfast, and all the other trimmings. Our evening meal was also perfectly adequate. Reception was efficient and the hotel has its own car parking for £15 per day extra. Great location just off earls court and ideal for exploring london. i have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and will stay here again.	
Apr 27 2005 	Outstanding Hotel. Incredible Value.	Based on the reviews here on TripAdvisor.com, we decided to stay at the K+K Hotel George. What a fantastic choice! We booked a non-smoking room for two for £105 a night directly from the Hotel George's website and that included the delicious buffet breakfast. The room is small by American standards, but it is meticulously clean and thoroughly modern. The bathroom is very nice. The bedding is strange for an American. Instead of one large comforter/blanket across the bed, each person in the bed gets their own mini comforter. Ummmm, not the most romantic set-up. Regardless, the bed was incredibly comfortable, as were the pillows. The only fly in the ointment was the repeatedly flakey WiFi in the room. It's free, so you don't have much leverage on getting it fixed. I complained a couple of times, but it never improved. We had three laptops and they all experienced frequent dropped connections. Otherwise, the staff was both respectful and friendly (we're very casual travelers). They also happen to have the most attractive cleaning ladies on Earth, according to a single male who was travelling with my wife and I (of course, I didn't notice, honest!).	
Apr 17 2005	Very sound choice.	My husband and I chose this hotel based on all of the good reviews we read....they all turned out to be true! The hotel was in a great location (a few minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station). The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The rooms were small, but clean and comfortable. We stayed in a non-smoking room and there was not even a hint of smoke to be smelled. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. The second leg of our trip was in Paris and we were kicking ourselves for not booking another K &amp; K! One very small thing that I would advise is making sure the continental breakfast is included in your package. We thought it was and ordered room service two mornings. Upon checkout we found out that since we booked our package through Expedia, the breakfast was not included. It wasn't very expensive, but had we known it was an extra charge, we would have found somewhere else to eat. Like the others, I also recommend Benkito's, a small cafe across the street.	
Apr 10 2005	I will stay there again!	My wife and I regularly travel to England and enjoyed this hotel as much as any. It is a 4 star hotel with a 3 star price! The location is perfect, with the hotel on a quite side street, but only 1 block from the tube station. Lots of places to eat and a nice Tesco's is only 10 minute walk. The rooms are well appointed, very clean and comforatable (emphasis on clean). They are small compared to US standards but more than adequate. The shower was better than the one at home with great water pressure! Booked through Bristish Airways for the best price and got the breakfast buffet, which was outstanding. The staff was friendly but not very helpful with advice on local resturaunts. Rooms were quite and was able to sleep in without any problems. Internet access in the lobby was nice and the hotel bar was a great place to relax before dinner. I will stay again.	
Apr 2 2005	Great place to stay with children	We chose the K + K Hotel George based on the reviews here (and the hotel desk told us they were very proud to read them, too). The hotel is handsome and the location is terrific - a block from the tube and many small restaurants, but on a quiet street with a lovely garden in back. The garden is not only pretty, but enough space for children to play tag or hide and seek. We booked through British Airways and the booking included breakfast. The breakfast buffet is lovely to look at and there were so many items to choose from that I think everyone could satisfy his/her own tastes. They also serve a light menu all day long in the bar/lounge and we found this very helpful for feeding the children before the theatre (don't miss Mary Poppins!). The room was a decent size; the bathroom small but well appointed (it would be nice if there were a shelf and more than one hook in the bathroom). The beds (and pillows) are wonderfully comfortable. We were given a room on the lowest floor (below the reception) - perhaps because we did have children the thought being they wouldn't bounce on the floor above someone's head? While I recognize the wisdom of this, I'd ask, when booking, for a room on a higher floor. Even though our room was very nice with plenty of natural light (floor to ceiling windows), there's just something nicer about looking down on a garden rather than up to the garden. I highly recommend the K + K Hotel George. If I have one &quot;negative&quot; observation it is that the men (front desk, breakfast room, and bar) on the staff, which was highly efficient (the hotel is run by an Austrian firm), might benefit from a few lessons in the charm and humor that one finds in British male staff.	
Apr 1 2005	Recommended	The hotel was very convenientely situated, all staff were attentive and friendly and our two small requests were accommodated immediately with minimum fuss. Breakfast was excellent, catering for all tastes. Rooms on the small side but spotlessly clean and ours was overlooking the garden.Generally, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a handy, quiet, clean and friendly hotel.If eating out try Benito's on Earls' Court Road, 2 mins from the tube station. A busy, lively atmosphere, lovely food and we were treated as if we were old friends by the staff who were very accommodating.	
Mar 30 2005	Highly recommended	I won't echo previous reviewers compliments, but I will add a few useful tidbits:DINING: Don't miss Benkito's (also known as BK's) on Earl's Court Road for breakfast or dessert -- it's a few doors down from the equally affordable but vastly inferior Benjy's. Ask for Kate from Israel (the owner) and tell her Stephanie from Tripadvisor sent you. Everything is homemade with care and served in an easygoing atmosphere. If you are a Beatles fan you'll find a friend in Kate.Strada at the end of Earl's Court is good Italian; get a recommendation card from the K &amp; K desk to obtain a 20% discount on your bill.Indian Summer, off Earl's Court, was a good, affordable, close-in alternative.Also: don't forget that you can order free coffee, tea, and toast for room service delivery. Use the hanger provided in the room to check off your desired menu. A few choices are also available (fruit, yogurt, etc.) for 2 pounds extra each.TIMING: There are no clocks in the rooms. Someone in our party asked for wake-up calls on two separate occasions -- neither was delivered. Bring your own alarm clock.COMPUTING: Besides the free internet access available in the lobby, another computer (and laser printer) can be found in the lounge downstairs. When we stayed the lobby was full of smokers but the lounge was empty.Enjoy your stay!	
Mar 25 2005	Great hotel Terrific value	The hotel was better than expected. The decor was modern, fresh and tastefully done. The room was plenty big and the bathroom was excellent. We had two rooms and from what I could tell, we had a room with a newly updated bathroom.The staff was pleasant and very accommodating. Most appeared to be German and operated with great precision.There was a full breakfast buffet and the dining room was bright and fresh. The breakfast was an appreciated perk considering meal prices in London.The location in Earls Court is out from main London but the Underground station is a block away and the neighborhood appeared a young hotspot with many trendy restaurants.I would stay at the K+K again and look at their other hotels when traveling	
Mar 21 2005 	Location + Internet + Clean 	I was in London for a conference at Olympia. The 'conference hotel' was the Hilton Olympia, but the reviews on TripAdvisor put me off that hotel. Instead, the reviews for the K&amp;K Hotel George were generally so good that I thought I had to give it a try. I wasn't disappointed. Here's why:Location:The hotel is literally just around the corner from Earl's Court tube station. This was important to me, as I could get to Olympia without changing trains. But Earl's Court is brilliant anyway because it is served by the Picadilly, District and Circle lines - which gets you to almost anywhere in London with minimal line changes (if any). Right next to the station (and only a few minutes away from the hotel) are many restaurants, newsagents, shops and supermarkets. All my little needs were catered for. When I'm attending a conference, I don't need fabulous meals every night - catching a decent sandwich or a nice drink late at night without fuss is more important sometimes. By the way, I know 'a few minutes walk' is cliched to bits - but in this case, it is literally true: very very close by. But despite the convenient location close to a decent high street, the hotel itself is situated round a corner on a quiet lane. None of the traffic and noises filters thru and a quiet night's sleep was assured (I was staying on the 1st floor facing the lane and had no problems at all with noise).Internet:On a conference, I need to stay connected. Having FREE internet access definitely tipped my choice in favor of this hotel. Most UK hotels don't have Internet at all, and those that do tend to charge extravagantly (3 pounds for 30 mins ?!). Having free access in my room means I can surf the net as much as I need without the pesky thought of the cost lurking in the back of my mind.Clean &amp; New:This hotel is a refurbished 'old' English building on the outside, but modern, bright and very clean on the inside. No matter how much one values 'quaint' and 'rustic' and 'elegant', I personally prefer a shiny clean toilet to mildew and mould any day. This hotel was superb in terms of cleanliness.Service:Very friendly staff. I was impressed by the genuine (or very close to genuine) warmth and friendliness during check-in - which also happended to be smooth and efficient. But the staff were also discreet - which I also like. When I'm tired after a day at conference meetings etc, sometimes I appreciate hotel staff who are friendly when called upon, but otherwise know when NOT to bother me with excessively fastidious 'service'. Hotel George's staff seems to have struck a good balance in this regard.Not so good?The only slight gripe is about the size of the place. Because it is a refurbished London townhouse, the rooms are relatively small (snug rather than tight). But the corridors and lifts are truly a tight squeeze, especially if you are bringing in bulky suitcases.I didn't try the breakfast that other reviewers here seem to rave about. I found it rather pricey, and chose to have my hot breakfasts at the various restaurants around the Earl's Court Tube Station.When I left, the staff called me a cab. The cab driver and I struck up a conversation. He told me I had made a good choice of hotel. He told me that whenever he needed to entertain out-of-town guests, or throw a small dinner party, out of all the hotels in London, he would always choose Hotel George. Coming from a London taxi driver (who should know such things), I suppose that's great praise indeed.	
Mar 18 2005	Wonderful "boutique" hotel	My husband and I stayed at the K and K George the second week in March and were happy to find that reviews read here were true. The hotel is located just around the corner from Earl's Court tube stop, on a quiet street. Earl's Court tube is a stop on several lines, so getting around London is easy. We got a week long trip ticket which made it even easier. The hotel is immaculate! Modern style, with comfortable rooms - we had #406 which faced the back courtyard which looked like a nice place to relax in warmer weather. We booked through British Air Holidays and got a good rate for off season, including a full breakfast - an ample buffet served from 6:30 to 11am in a very pleasant dining room. A warm fireplace in the bar was an inviting place for a nightcap each night. The staff was pleasant and helpful. We can't wait to visit London again and stay here!	
Mar 12 2005 	Good enough but hot water problems	I stayed here in February. Nice decor, room good, internet access great. But - I had to cause quite a scene to get the smoking room I'd requested. Restaurant/room service food was quite awful. Something happened to the hot water in the morning, so was unable to shower - yuk. Getting a heavy suitcase up and down the steps in was difficult. Location was super though and the staff seemed pleasant and helpful in the main.	
Mar 1 2005	Restful oasis	My husband and I recently spent 5 nights at the Hotel George. There was some renovation work going on, but nothing too irritating. The location is very close to a tube stop, which happens to be on the line to Heathrow. The room decor was pretty nice, and there is a breakfast buffet included. There is internet access in each room, as well as wireless service. There is also a business lounge that is non-smoking with a computer terminal.Being in London, one tends not to spend too much time in one's room, but this is definitely a nice place to rest your head. There is a nice back yard/garden which would be most pleasurable in the warmer months.	
Mar 1 2005	Better than usual service and facilities at K+K George	I stayed here for two nights in January 05. Although the room wasn't large (this is London after all) it was very nicely done in a contemporary style. Breakfast was great. Staff made me feel very welcome. The free internet, whether by wifi or the lobby terminal, was a real bonus - it made me feel that the htoel was not trying to squeeze every last penny out of me. The bar was cool and fun. I booked with them direct over the web and the deal was very good.	
Feb 27 2005	Best Value I've found in London	I stayed at the K+K for 6 nights last week, and I've finally found the London hotel for me. I'll be back. First tip: Best rates are found on BA Holidays. I checked all other discount sites, but got my double room for GBP 100 per night. Great value: FREE INTERNET and a great buffet breakfast for 2 is included with the room, which saved us a lot of food money. My room was larger than most London hotels that I have stayed in for double the price. I worked in hotels for 10 years, and I can sincerely say that the staff were very helpful and did a great job. The location was very convenient to the Tube station, and restaurants and food marts were very close at hand. Some minor issues: My wife did not find the bed comfortable (though I thought that it was fine). The wicker desk chair was uncomfortable for laptop use, which is a consideration if you are on email for extended period. However, all facts considered, I will definitely be back.	
Feb 27 2005	Many advantages for a tourist or business traveler	We stayed one week at the end of February. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised. We were on the second floor which is non-smoking. The place is clean, smoke free, and quiet. The rooms are small compared to american standards, but if you are not planning on spending a lot of time in your room, they are just fine. I probably would not reccomend this place if you have very small children because of the lack of entertainment for kids. The high speed internet works as advertised. A computer for internet access is in the lobby which can save you a lot of time and money if you need access without braving the local internet &quot;cafe&quot;. If you can arrange for breakfast to be included in your rate, it is worth it. The breakfast is a buffet style with eggs, sausage, ham, fruit, toast, pastry rolls, cereal, juice, etc. Breakfast can be a bit crowded if you get there late. The location is ideal if you are travelling via the tube from Heathrow. You are on the Picadilly line which is a direct connection from Heathrow and your stop is Earl's Court. There is no need to change trains in an unfamiliar city. Since the hotel is less than 2 blocks from the station, you can save on a taxi as well. Travel into the center of London is a snap from Earl's Court. It has 3 tube routes serving it and you probably won't have to change trains much. Many pubs and restaurants are nearby. A handy laundry is also a block away too! The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and professional. I would recommend the K&amp;K George for couples on vacation and business travelers seeking a quiet, clean, well run establishment in a convenient location.	
Feb 14 2005	Not as expected given the reviews!	Considering the previous reviews on this hotels I was suprised at how disappointed I was. Our double room was tiny with two single duvets(why??), bathroom ridiculously small (a cat couldn't swing a cat) and not worth the money. Parking convenient though. Certainly not as fantastic as previous reviews make out. Wouldn't stay there again. 	
Feb 13 2005	Fabulous!	Stayed here for 2 nights in February and it was fabulous! It must have been renovated fairly recently, no problems with a tired Victorian building, everything was new and shiny. The staff were very friendly and helpful, not what I'm used to in London, no problems at all about storing our luggage after checking out. Breakfast was lovely, a big buffet of continental or English food, and the dining room looked out onto the large private garden. The hotel is very close to the underground station so very convenient, and close to Kensington's museums. I'd hate to think of staying somewhere else after this! 	
Feb 7 2005	Great Place Grat Value	Stayed at the K+K last weekend and was very pleasantly surprised. The property is far better than most in this part of London (Earl's Court), it's clean, modern, well maintained, has friendly staff, a &quot;business lounge&quot; downstairs, a nice bar/café (with a snack menu), and the breakfast buffet leaves little to be desired. Oh, and there's a private garden at the back, with chairs and tables for hotel guests.The room itself was not too big (single room), but had BOTH wireless and cable high speed internet access for free (!), though the wireless signal gets weak on the higher floors. Loved the power shower and the combined A/C + heater ventilation, very efficient and not noisy at all. Beds are perfectly adequate.Rates vary, some consolidators have quite interesting offers on this property. Make sure your rate includes breakfast though.Bottom line: a very serious contender for my business next time I'll be in London	
Feb 3 2005 	Great Value/Friendly Staff	After researching for hotel with a good balance (price, location, and reviews), we found the K+K to be the best blend. Upon arrival, I can say we were not disappointed. We arrived late from the states and found are room ready and already setup with a crib for our 7 month old daughter. We had a triple room (113 pounds/night) off from all the other rooms for four nights. I agree with other reviewers that the rooms are small by american standards but, it was ample space for the of us (including our little crawler). Rooms were clean, bright, and well maintained. The same can be said for the bathrooms. It was also on the front of the building on the street level and we still found it to be quiet. The room contained a stocked mini bar and a safe. It's location is less than two blocks from the Earl's Court (Blue, Green and Yellow lines) tube stop. The complimentary buffet breakfast was good. The hotel will also hold you luggage after you check out on your last day. This can be handy if you have a full day available before traveling again. The staff was always very pleasant . The only nick I can give the hotel is it was difficult to get the stroller in and out of the hotel because there was only a step access. A ramp would have been extremely helpful.	
Feb 2 2005	Wonderful Showers but too small room for a triple	We just returned from a stay at the K&amp;K George Hotel. Everything was very clean, the service was wonderful and the staff warm and friendly. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel because we found it quite pricey - we went up to Earl's Court to Benjy's where you get unlimited coffee and breakfast for around 4 pounds. The only major problem we had was we paid for and asked for a triple, and they gave us a room with two twin beds and a cot. We were traveling with a disabled person who needed assistance, so all three of us had to be in the same room. They just took out a table from a double room and added a cot! We checked out other rooms but they were all the same size or had smaller bathrooms. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend the K&amp;K - great location, showers had alot of water pressure, very clean - modern furniture, lobby, etc. They were also shooting a BBC TV program on the steet so that was very exciting too.	
Jan 22 2005	A good value	On the whole, this is a very nice hotel, and a good value. The breakfast is awesome and the location convenient. However, there are some shortcomings to consider :-There is no doorman or some staff member to help you with the door and your suitcases. It's even more of a bigger concern for people with disabilities, as there are steps only.- The single rooms are very very tiny and this can be a bit claustrophobic if you're stuck inside because of the rain ;)- The toiletry is very &quot;minimalist&quot;. - The staff is not the friendliest. I requested an additional towel in the morning before leaving my room and when I got back in the evening it hadn't been taken care of. I had to ask again and they sounded like I was demanding a kidney !	
Jan 14 2005	Great friendly hotel	We needed somewhere reasonably priced for an overnight stop before an early flight next day. We took a gamble with Expedia and booked this hotel (hadn't discovered TripAdvisor at that point). We were not disappointed - the hotel was far nicer than we expected. Rooms were clean and of a good size, the staff were all polite and helpful and the complimentary internet access was a boon for our teenage daughter who was having to say goodbye to many friends by email before her gap year in New Zealand. Would definately recommend this hotel - in fact, I am booking it again for a couple of days stay in London next week.	
Jan 12 2005	Charming Boutique-y Hotel!	I stayed here with 2 friends for one night in September on our way to Paris and we were all very pleased. The room was small by American standards, but well appointed and comfortable. The bathroom was modern and had good hot water, water pressure and a hairdryer.The location is terrific, on a quiet residential street just around the corner from the tube. There were plenty of restaurants within walking distance...we ate at a wonderful pub (wish I could remember the name!).The staff was friendly and helpful, and always had a smile and a greeting each time we came and went. They were also helpful with sightseeing and restaurant recommendations. We also liked the free internet access in the lobby for emailing home.The last time I was in London we stayed at the Crowne Plaza St. James, which was nice, but I think I would rather stay at the K+K Hotel George on any future visits to London.	
Jan 10 2005	Loved it!	We went to London for New Year's and our 25th Anniversary. The K+K was just what we were looking for! We chose it because of the raves on TripAdvisor. All the postings were true. It was quaint, quiet, and had all the modern conveniences. The service was incredible and the staff bent over backwards. They even put champagne in our room with their compliments when they found out it was our Anniversary. We did have some blips with the hot water pressure, but they fixed it pronto. The location was perfect, too. The Underground station is just a block or so away and has connections to all the other major lines. We were no more than 15 minutes from anywhere. The breakfast spread is wonderful, but if it's not included in your room rate, there are much less expensive options within a short walk of the hotel. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Jan 9 2005	Great Hotel	After reading the positive reviews of the hotel on this website, I decided to book our holiday stay at the hotel. All of our expectations were met and/or exceeded. The staff is extremely personable and friendly and any requests we had were attended to immediately. The neighborhood is quiet yet only 2 blocks away from the Earls Court tube station. When I return to London, I will definitely book my stay here again.	
Jan 7 2005	Great hotel great trip...	I used Trip Advisor to help me find a hotel for my son and I, who traveled to London in December 2004. We went to London to see the fabulous Pogues at the Brixton Academy. Thanks to the positive words about the Hotel George, we booked 5 nights there through Expedia. It was perfect for us. Two minutes walk from the Earl's Court tube station, and surrounded by good places to eat. The Earl's Court area is a real neighborhood, not fancy, but we found it quite comfortable. Great Indian take-away just around the corner, a wonderful lamb shank dinner at the Bonito Bistro (great food and great service), and everything else we needed at the Sainsbury's down the block. Many local pubs of course.. The hotel is 100 yards away from the main road, and very quiet. Staff was polite and very accomodating, nice bar in the lobby. The breakfast was not included in our package, but looked really good. We just grabbed something down the block on our way to the tube. Room was small by American standards, but very comfortable and modern. Private bath was really great, and looked like brand new. Internet access in rooms for those with lap tops..I used computer in lobby to email home. Earl's Court is not that far out of the loop, and I would stay there again in a heartbeat. We had no trouble getting anywhere on the tube, as long as we avoided evening rush hour. I knew this hotel would be nice from the reviews, but it exceeded all my expectations, as did the show by The Pogues.. Hope to go back someday...This was a trip I'll never forget.	
Jan 5 2005	What a great hotel!	Having seen the reviews on this site, my wife, my son and I spent a night at the K + K Hotel George just before Christmas. It was without doubt one of the best hotels we've stayed at in London and outshone the Hilton on Hyde Park corner and the Grosvenor on Park Lane, both of which we have also stayed at.The hotel was small enough to offer a feeling of personal attention, but this was never overpowering. The staff were friendly and helpful throughout, providing us with a great recommendation for a restaurant down the road for lunch after we had checked in. The room was compact, but immaculately presented with comfortable beds and pristine bedding. The gleaming bathroom was only let down slightly by a sink that was a little slow to drain, but this didn't cause us any problems. Breakfast offered an extensive selection at the buffet, including perfectly cooked poached eggs - something I've very rarely seen unless you ask for them specifically. The restaurant overlooks a fairly large town-house garden that would undoubtedly be great in the summer for an outdoor breakfast or drinks after a hard day's sightseeeing/shopping!This hotel is a little gem and we have every intention of booking to stay there again on our next stay in London.	
Jan 2 2005	An excellent choice!	We just completed a 10 day stay in London at the K+K Hotel George. We were travelling with our 18 month daughter and absolutely loved our trip to England. Staying at such a great hotel made the experience all the more pleasurable. The hotel staff is very polite and highly efficient. They respond very quickly to requests and any reported problems. The rooms were tastefully decorated and had a very wide range of amenities including a safe, well-stocked mini-bar, and wireless internet to mention a few. The shower was great - really strong water pressure that was very relaxing. If you are used to staying in hotels in the U.S., then the rooms will strike you as small - but so is everything else in Europe! The Buffet breakfast was excellent - a very wide range of choices served from 6 to 11 am. Also, they have a very nice bistro+bar that is open till 1 am. This hotel is just a two minute walk from the Earl's court underground station that puts it within easy reach of the rest of London - and it is only a short walk to Knightsbridge and the Kensington Museums (which are outstanding). We recommend this hotel very highly and will definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.	
Dec 30 2004	Near Perfection at a Reasonalbe Rate!	We just completed a Dickens Christmas stay in London, lodging all 9 days at the Hotel George. We selected the George based on reviews found here and a very favorable holiday special price offered by the hotel. No disappointment, as the George lived up to all the positive reviews found on this site. The room was quite nice, overlooking the garden. Large enough for 2-twins, put together to form a king bed, a desk and a small table for eating in. A nice full bath. The room, and everything in the hotel, was very clean and neat. We liked having free access to internet (a term. in the 'executive lounge' was particularly nice. Breakfast buffet was wonderful (be sure that it is included with your stay). Lots of choices, healthy and sinful -- and champagne! The breakfast room is very nice, with classical music playing in the background. No rush to eat, as the hours for breakfast are 6am -11am. If you will be staying in london during the warmer seasons, eating breakfast in the garden would be an added treat. The staff throughout was wonderful - friendly, helpful and very efficient. The hotel is on a very quiet street, just a minute or 2 walk to the tube. Several small cafes in the area (recommend zizzi's), and a pretty good Indian take-out, which is open very late. A couple of suggestions: be sure to check K+K's own website for rates -- we found the hotel's specials were considerably cheaper than the 'discount' websites, such as hotel, hotelclub, orbitz, etc, had listed. By contacting the hotel directly, you can ask for a specific room, such as one overlooking the garden, on a non-smoking floor, and having the disired bed size. Also, make sure you are booking with K+K Hotel George, not the George Hotel. That would be sad mistake.	
Dec 29 2004	Would Gladly Stay There Again	Thanks to the reviews at this site we chose K+K. We are so thrilled we did! Our 3rd floor room overlooked the garden and it was very clean and cosy.We enjoyed the free internet and thought the service was excellent.We would gladly stay there again and easily recommend this hotel to others. It is easy and cheap to get to from Heathrow via the tube. Also, it was so easy to get around London from the nearby tube station.	
Dec 28 2004	Good experience	I stayed in K&amp;K from Dec 16 to 19. Had originally booked for a single room but a friend was staying with me so I upgraded the room to a double for an extra $42 (21 pounds) a night. The front desk was helpful; although they did make a mistake of assigning a room to me that was already occupied. OOPs, not so good for the original occupants. The problem was quickly resolved and we got our room on the 3/F overlooking the garden. Everything were clean and tidy. The internet connection was great , although on the last day, their DHCP server seems to be having a problem and I had to use their computer in the executive suite. Not a big problem.The management was quite accommodating. My friend did not stay with me on the last night so I asked if I can move back to a single. They simply waived my upgrade charge and let me stay in the original room.Overall, I am very happy with K&amp;K's service and will definitely use them again next time I go to London. By the way, a lot of the information provided by the previous reviews were accurate and helpful enough for me to make the decision in selecting this hotel. Thanks everybody!	
Dec 28 2004	Nice Hotel	The hotel is in a nice location, close to the Earls Courts Underground Station which has direct service to/from Heathrow. The room was very clean and nice but pretty small. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would stay here again.	
Dec 18 2004 	A gem of a find	I agree with all the other good reviews. I went there on business trip and give the hotel excellent marks - it has most of the features you would expect from a typical businessman's hotel at a much higher price. My room was quite small but no smaller than others in more pricey hotels. Very clean and well-maintained.Very friendly and helpful staff.	
Dec 18 2004	Fantastic Hotel!!	My husband and I stayed at the K+K George for five nights (10/30 -- 11/3). I had found the hotel on TripAdvisor and booked directly with the hotel. We got the 'Exhibition Rate' which was 99 Pounds/night including the full English buffet breakfast. The location of the hotel is excellent, just a couple of blocks away from the Earl's Court Underground station. We took the Tube from Heathrow and went directly on the Picadilly Line to Earl's Court. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. We had a quiet garden view room. The bathroom was small but well appointed with tub and shower. The neighborhood has a few pubs, an exellent take away Curry house a few blocks away that is open late, a few late night markets where one could get a snack or something to drink (instead of the horridly overpriced minibar), and a no-commission money exchange across the street. The English breakfast buffet was well stocked with a large assortment of foods as well as the typical English breakfast dishes (eggs, grilled mushrooms and tomatoes, beans). Each room has Internet access as well as a public PC in the lobby area. I would recommend this hotel for its excellent location and value for the money.	
Dec 14 2004	Wow! Book it!	I spent 3 nights at the K+K George. Wow. What a friendly, clean, comfortable and convenient place to stay.I booked a single room through Expedia and managed to get a good deal there. And I'm so glad I did. From the moment I walked through the door I knew I was in a nice place. The front door was being painted and even the painter moved out of the way to welcome me in. The staff were friendly and accommodating. The room was not large (it was a single) but had two huge windows overlooking the road at the front of the hotel, so nice and light. The bathroom was well kitted out and the shower incredibly powerful. The free internet connection in the room was invaluable as I used the room as my &quot;temporary office&quot; while I was away. The decor was clean and contemporary and you just felt that the hotel was cared for and well thought out.I will definitely be going back - I can't believe I had never heard of K+K hotels before! To think that I paid only 30 GBP more per night at the K+K than in a 2 star budget hotel only a few streets away that I stayed in a few nights later, you really get good value at the K+K (depending on the deal you get, of course). Wow. I wish they were all like this.	
Dec 5 2004 	Book this one - A great Deal	My wife and I visited London in mid-November for about 10 days and spent half in K+K Hotel George and half in Radisson Vanderbuilt Edwardian. The K+K was 10x better. I am sure there are better hotels in London than the K+K, but none for the price I got (on Expedia).The room was up-to-date, clean and comfortable. It was not large but there are MUCH smaller rooms in London. The closet was big. The bathroom was more than adequate, with a large sink and plenty of hot water for the tub/shower. The hotel is set up for internet use, and there is a computer available on the lobby level (though often in use by hotel guests).The location is convenient to the Undergound for the Picadilly line to Heathrow and to the theatre district near Leicester square, and for the District line to Parliament, etc. There are many places to eat nearby. Or just get on the Underground for dinner elsewhere. We bought 7-day passes for the Underground which were 20-25 pounds each for Zones 1 &amp;2, but well worth it to get around. A day pass costs about 4.3 or 5.3 pounds depending on whether you want to use it during the morning rush hour. Otherwise, it is 2 pounds for a one-way trip. To get from the airport to the Hotel, we used the Hotelink van (15 pounds each) and were the first stop. A taxi to the airport costs about 40 pounds plus tip.My room rate did not include the breakfast buffet, which would have cost 12 pounds for each of us if we decided to have it. We also did not take advantage of the one-time 2 for 1 breakfast offer from the hotel, since we could buy coffee and a pastry in a half dozen nearby shops for under 5 pounds for both of us.There are a number of foreign exchange locations in the area of Earls Court, but I found that the best rates were obained by just using my ATM card to make a cash withdrawl.	
Dec 3 2004	No complaints	I stayed at the K+K on Dec. 1 for 90 Pounds (about $175 -- a decent price by London standards). While I have no complaints, I can't give it a glowing review. Don't get me wrong -- this hotel was perfectly adequate. It had a bed (a twin), a TV (nice selection of channels, though half are in German), a clean bathroom (with good water pressure), and a fast internet connection. The K+K's best asset is its location: very close to the Earl's Court tube station, two coffee houses (a Starbucks and a Costa), and a Marks &amp; Spencer's Simply Food (a great place to pick up a sandwich, bag of chips, and a soda for about 3.5 pounds -- best deal in town). It was also within walking distance (we're talking urban hiking here, not 3 minutes away) of Kennsington High Street, Harrods, and the Natural Science Museum. Of course, if you don't want to walk, the Earl's Court tube station is a good junction for routes throughout the Underground.The negatives of the K+K: - The room was very, very small. If you need a spot to put your laptop and get a little work done, this is not the place. (At least not in the room I had.) - I could hear (very clearly) the people walking around in the room above me. (Perhaps they were just wearing clogs, but I doubt it.)- The staff person I dealt with was less than helpful, doing her best to steer me to the K+K's restaurant and bar options. Maybe that's just good salesmanship, but I didn't go to London to eat in the friggin hotel.Again, if you can get a deal at the K+K, stay there. But if it comes down to 90 Pounds for the K+K or 100 Pounds for the Thistle Kensington Palace, stay at the Thistle.	
Nov 29 2004	Great Hotel	I took my wife to London for our 10 year anniversary. We stayed at the K &amp; K George for a week. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. They let us check in early and kept our luggage stored on the last day, so that we could explore the city some more. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 28 2004	In one word - outstanding!!!!	Outstanding hotel! I was there Nov 23-27. I'm from London but live in Md now. I'm also quite fussy about accommodations etc. However, I was at a loss for negative words at the K&amp;K George. The hotel/rooms are extremely clean, the beds are extremely comfortable, the breakfast is substantial including the champagne for the Bucks Fizz! The street is very quiet. The location is literally a minute from Earls Court station. One metro stop from High Street Kensington, and one stop from the museums. Plenty of late night shops around, and restaurants. &quot;Emma&quot; at reception has superb customer service skills. I would highly recommend and I would/will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 25 2004 	Great Hotel Will Stay Again	I recently stayed at the K + K Hotel George in London and was extremely pleased at the quality of the hotel. My room was clean, light &amp; bright. I was close to the tube. The bathroom was lovely with a powerful shower. They had free in-room internet and wireless access in the lobby. (This was one of the main reasons I chose to stay at this hotel, since this was an extended business trip). It was up and running for my entire stay, which was not the case in the 3 other UK hotels that were also on my itinerary.Other good points:Clean, modern , pleasing decor, nice (but expensive) little restaurant, a view to a lovely garden out back, and an executive lounge downstairs where one could work with other business travelers with more high speed internet cables. A very cosey lobby bar with sofas and a fireplace. There were some decent ethnic restaurants and plenty of cafes within walking distance. Things that need improvement:The staff in the bar / lounge were so reserved and distant they seemed hard to approach. They didn't acknowledge me when I sat down &amp; I had to go to the bar to place my food order even when I was the only person there and there were two men working the bar. Also, As a woman traveling alone, I objected to being asked to verbalize my room number in the lobby bar or restaurant before the staff would take my order. Several times I was asked to repeat it more loudly. No one seemed to care that this was inappropriate when I explained that I preferred to write it down for them.In my room, the power plug was accross the room from the internet cable, so I had to choose between charging my lap top or being on-line at any given time.However, overall, I was very happy at the hotel and would stay again. From an overall design stand-point, the place just felt good.	
Nov 24 2004	Very helpful staff	Excellent Hotel, excellent staff. Rooms are a bit small but very clean and nicely decorated!	
Nov 18 2004	STAY HERE!!!	I was thrilled with my stay at the K+K. The staff, location, and hotel are great. The hotel is very stylish and relaxing. If you're looking for a hip hotel that's actually affordable, this is the place for you.	
Nov 14 2004	Superb Hotel and Great Location	I Stopped in the K + K George on Friday 12th November with my wife and 2 children after reading the good reviews left by other travellers. These reviews proved to be very accurate as we found the rooms to be very clean and modern, the breakfast superb and fresh. The location was great as it is very close to earls court tube station and provided car parking at a rate of £15 per night (beware other hotels can charge £25/£30 per night). The adjacent street also boasts a couple of starbucks and restaurants which proved useful. We also found the hotel to have a very calm and quiet feel to it which is refreshing after hectic shopping trips. However, the room was a little small for a family room but ok for us as our children are still young and they loved the hotel.	
Nov 11 2004	OUTSTANDING	Just returned after a one week stay at the K&amp;K (NOV 1 - 9) The rooms were overwhelmingly clean and comfortable allbeit a little small by American standards.The entire staff was friendly and helpful and granted all our request with a smile.The breakfast was hot, fresh and served between 6:30 and 11:00 which was great if we wanted to sleep in or had to catch a early tour. The location was convenient to the tube(90 second walk). We had reasonably priced restaurants around the hotel:STRADA and DRAGON PALACE so good we ate at both twice and if you ask at the hotel desk you can obtain a coupon for 20% off at Strada. We would stay at the K&amp;K again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 2 2004	Highly Reccommended	Because of the great reviews the Hotel George received, my parents and I decided to stay there on our recent trip to London. I am so glad that we did! Because my parents are in their 70s, I wanted to make sure our hotel would be comfortable and convenient for them. It absolutley was! The staff was extremely polite and very knowledgeable of the area. They gave us great tips on dining in the area and explained the bus lines and stops. The room was very clean and had a decent amount of space, even for 3 of us, and the beds (even the roll-away) were comfortable. The breakfast was delicious and we loved the serving hours, 6:30-11am. Although Earl's Court isn't right in the heart of London, it is very convenient to it. One of the nearby bus line runs right by Harrod's and Hyde Park and the closest Tube stop (1 1/2 blocks away) is on the same line as Heathrow. Also, I was able to use the computer in the front lobby without having to wait too long. It was busy in the mornings, but in the evenings it was completely empty.The rate was a little pricey, but we found a special online, Buy 2 nights, get the 3rd one free. I have already reccommended the Hotel George to a friend who is planning a vacation to London next year and I would stay there again myself in a heartbeat.	
Nov 1 2004	The prefect London city hotel!	Spent 3 nights, Oct 17-20 at the King George and couldn't have been happier with our choice. The hotel is very convient to get to from Gatwick. Take the Gatwick Express train directly from Gatwick to Victoria station and the underground (Piccadilly line) to Earls Court station which is two blocks from the hotel. Or take a cab from Victoria Station right to the hotel.The staff was very helpful and always available to answer questions. All rooms have internet connection and they have two computers available for guest use in case you don't have a laptop with you. Daily breakfast was included in the room price and it was excellent.Our room was a twin on the 5th floor and overlooked the garden. The two twins beds were pushed together giving my husband and me a king size. The room was clean and spacious for a city hotel and the bath room was clean and bright. Very quiet location on a residential street and beds are very comfortable, slept like a baby every night. Rooms have individual temperature controls too.The hotel location is perfect. The Earls Court underground station is less than two blocks from the hotel. Earls Court is served by the Piccadilly line and it stops at or very near most tourist spots. The neighborhood has everything you need within just a few blocks. Cafes, restaurants, book shops, fast food, drug stores and pubs. Yet the hotel itself is a block off the main street on a lovely, quiet residential street. The hotel has their own small car park in the rear but you don't need or want a car in London. The Avis car rental office is a 10 minute walk from the hotel so when we were ready to leave London we just walked to Avis, picked up the car and drove back to the hotel for the bags. Couldn't have been easier.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for convenient, quiet, clean, safe and comfortable city lodging.	
Oct 23 2004	very pleased with K and K	Got a great deal on londonlastminutedeals - £99 for the room (fri. and sat. night). Breakfast was not included but available for £12. I booked the hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor.com and was not disappointed. The hotel is located on a quiet street, around the corner from the Earl's Court Underground. The twin room was bright, modern and airconditioned. Guests could access the internet (free) in the lobby. Overall, very pleased and would recommend this hotel to friends.	
Oct 18 2004	Best Hotel in London - Hands Down	What a great hotel! Supremely comfortable (duvets and good-sized twin beds made for good sleeping), decent size room (larger than in the photos), nicely decorated (minimal, but after the over-stimulation of London, a nice touch!), excellent bathroom (clean, modern, lots of hot water), great breakfast (fruit to eggs, cereal to toast, tea to coffee), friendly staff (polite, courteous and helpful in every way), conveniently located (two blocks from the centrally located Earls Court tube stop).And the price! I would highly recommend getting a deal on BAHolidays - easily $25USD less per night than any other site out there - and very reasonable for one of the most expensive cities in the world.Don't look any further than the K+K George!	
Oct 14 2004	Excellent hotel a real great value	I have used tripadvisor so many times but never wrote a review, well, that's about to change...I have stayed at the K+K about 15 times now, it's always my first choice, 4 star property, free high speed internet in the room, satellite TV with numerous English, German and other channels, excellent buffet breakfast, friendly staff, next door to Earl's Court tube station.Can only recommend this hotel!	
Oct 13 2004	Better than expected	Room was large, beds were comfortable, excellent bathroom and shower, excellent breakfast bufftet, free internet access, two blocks from the tube. Staff were friendly and helpful. Only deterrent is somewhat longer tube ride from Victoria Station. Room was much nicer than appeared in photos, larger and well lit.	
Oct 9 2004	Clean Courteous and Modern	I just got back from four nights at the K+K and loved the place. Yes, the rooms are small but they have all that you need (including a strong shower with loads of hot water). The staff are friendly and professional. Having Wi-Fi in the lobby/bar along with wired high speed access in the rooms is a big bonus! The street the hotel is on is quiet and peaceful, a nice break from the madness a block away. As mentioned in previous reviews, Underground access is a snap and there are plenty of restaurants in the local area to keep you well fed at all hours of the day. The breakfast bar is one of the best I've seen; plenty of very good food and a selection of goodies for everyone's taste. The fees for on-site parking are high (15 GBP/night) but normal, considering the location. If you smoke, and the smoking rooms are booked, ask for a first floor (2nd floor, for us Americans) room facing the street. You can step out of the window and onto the &quot;balcony&quot; to take care of business. Overall, a very nice and modern place to stay at. I would definitely come back here!	
Oct 8 2004	Great hotel!	I'm from England and I stayed at the K+K in London with my wife and 3 year old son at the end of July / start of August 2004 for 3 nights. We stayed in a triple room overlooking the garden (that's what we call a back yard here in England!). There were a number of great things about the room - it had air con (perfect as it was 80F outside), free internet access (although our room didn't have wi-fi but wired was fine), very clean and comfortable and the best thing of all was the small bed for my son. It was tucked away behind a partial divide next to the window so he felt like he had his own little room, very cute! The design of the hotel is a little minimal but I liked that and less is more sometimes....The breakfast was included in our rate and it was great - everything from full English to continetal style. Although they don't have a formal restaraunt they were able to serve us really nice food in the garden in the evening, very romantic after our son was aslepp. The staff are really helpful and are a mixture of Austrians (as it is an Austrian owned hotel) and Aussies. They serve a really nice selection of Austrian wine in the bar which is unusual for England. As others have said it is very close to Earls Court tube so location is perfect. Would really recommend this hotel to anyone and loved it so much that I've just booked us a night in November to go back.	
Oct 4 2004 	The most amazing duvets ever!!!	Stayed here end of sept. 2004 while attending a trade fair at the local exhibition center. We chose this hotel based on its good reviews from this web site, and we definately were more than pleased. We were delighted to find a great deal from londonnights, which left more spending money in expensive London. The hotel is located in a lovely, safe residential area and is only 15 minute walking to loads of shops on High Street Kensington.The room was a perfect size- perhaps the bathroom was a tad small, but all in all the distribution was very functional and comfortable. The beds were dangerously comfortable- we were very pleased to have duvets rather than being stuck under those nasty hospital corners!! It was really helpful having WIFI, as we managed to do some work too.The breakfast buffet had something for every diet and the bar was laid back and fairly priced. The reception desk was very professional and helpful, but some of the breakfast staff seemed to have woken up on the wrong side of the bed!Definately would come back to K+K George.	
Oct 2 2004	We stayed 10 days	My husband, 9 yr. old son and I stayed for 10 days in a triple room and we were very comfortable. We had a lovely room overlooking the street that was surprisingly quiet. The bathroom was very clean and the beds comfortable. The garden off the restaurant is a beautiful spot to sit and have coffee. The internet access was great and the location only 1 block away from Earl's Court tube station. We found the area safe and clean. There were plenty of markets and restaurants, even a bakery nearby. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 2 2004	Wonderful hotel	I spent a wonderful 3 nights at the K+K Hotel George in mid-August. After spending hours on the internet trying to find a moderately priced London hotel during the high summer season and becoming discouraged by the slew of depressing tripadvisor reviews for other hotels in my price range, I was pleasantly surprised by enthusiasm expressed by other reviewers for the K+K, and I heartily agree.Although a little bit far away from the action, there is a tube station (Earl's Court) literally a 2-minute walk away, where you can get whisked straight to most tourist attractions within 5-10 minutes. The immediate neighborhood is quaint and convenient, and within a 2 block radius is a post office, bank, bakeries, pubs, pharmacy, Marks and Spencer convenience store (great for grabbing an impromptu snack or picnic), and restaurants.Best of all, the hotel offers free high-speed internet access from two computers, and people were quite good about not lingering too long.I would definitely stay here again and would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Sep 29 2004	K + K get an A +	This hotel is fantastic due to many reasons locations, service, room, and etc. I was impressed on how the room was setup like a typical spacious American hotel room with INTERNET! Having FREE high-speed internet both wired and WI-FI is so convenient in the comfort of your room so you can work, do research about London, and other cool stuff. The bathrooms were extremely white so you could really see the cleanness of the room. The bed was extremely comfortable probably on the best bed I slept on in a hotel environment. There were plenty of places to eat around the hotel due to its nice location near the Earl’s Court tube station. I will definitely try to stay there again next time I end up in London.	
Sep 17 2004	We loved this hotel!	What a great hotel! We just stayed here in July of 2004. VERY clean! Beautiful, large garden out back. Well located. Good service and helpful staff. No old world atmostphere, since the decor is very spare and minimalistic, but that was OK with us, given all the other amenities. We got a great price through Expedia. We'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 26 2004	I fell in love.........	This is just a wonderful place, in a wonderful location, with wonderful staff. I was prepared to not like London, as it was not my first choice of places to visit. My fourteen year old couldn't wait to visit,on the other hand. Well, I was very pleasantly surprised. London is now one of my top places to vacation. The staff was so friendly and bent over backwards to help. I hated the English food, with the exception of the breakfast at the hotel. It was quite delicious. Without a doubt, I would stay there again and again. It is like eye candy........We were there from July 10,2004-July15,2004. Thank you K&amp;K for a lovely experience.	
Aug 26 2004	Above average hotel in London	I stayed for six nights in August 2004 with my two daughters (age 15 and 11). The first five nights we stayed in a room facing the front of the hotel, which was small and could be noisy at times. On our way back from visiting mainland Europe, we stayed one night in Room 004, which was a little larger and located off the beautiful garden. I definitely would recommend this room above all others. The rooms were clean and simply appointed (dorm-like). The breakfast is a buffet, full English breakfast and very expensive (approximately $24/person). The hotel is located only 2 minutes from Earl’s Court Tube station, which you will need to get to the London sites. It was great to have free Internet access in the lobby. The staff was very nice and helpful. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2004	Great location; wi-fi in the room	My husband, nine year old daughter and I stayed at the K and K in July and were totally happy with the place. My husband was thrilled to be able to access the internet in the room free of charge (which is why I put it in the title) and I was happy to be in a place that was so clean, offering a very generous breakfast in the morning. The big selling point for my daughter was that they offered nutelo (a rather awful chocolate and hazel nut spread that kids love) in the dining room and she could spread it all over her croissant. The front desk is efficient but not exactly chummy -- which was fine with us. Our room was not big but it overlooked a big back yard which they called the garden.	
Aug 23 2004	Very satisfied	We spent five days a K+K George, London and enjoyed the experience very much. The hotel is very accessible from the Tube and in a pinch, you could even walk to the hotel from Earl's Court station if your luggage is not very heavy. The rooms are indeed small by our US standards, but clean, well maintained and the internet access (bring your laptop!) very valuable in researching sights, opening times, booking resrvations etc. It was like a very competent concierge in your room. The internet access in the lobby is perpetually in use, though. The staff is very attentive,professional and try very hard to please. The breakfast was varied and substantial enough that we rarely bothered with lunch. London prices hurt with a pound at almost two dollars, but I consider this very competetive.	
Aug 11 2004	K 	I spent 3 days at the K&amp;K hotel in London in Spring 2004. The staff were excellent. The room was very well appointed, and in mint condition. The free Internet access and compimentary bottle of wine were much appreciated. It was however, one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in. It was a great hotel, but be prepared to live in a very small space.	
Jul 14 2004	Ten wonderful days	My friend and I spent ten days at the K&amp;K in May and were very pleased. The hotel is definitely a four-star and the staff were very helpful in attending to our needs and arranging sightseeing tours. Good location - close to the &quot;tube&quot;. The room was a bit small, but that's to be expected in Europe. Buffet breakfast was delicious offering a great variety of hot and cold and fresh fruit daily.Very convenient having free access to e-mail using the computer in the lobby so we could keep in touch with family in Canada. We enjoyed ourselves and would recommend it - good value for the money.	
Jul 14 2004	Nice place for a visit	I stayed at the K&amp;K for around 6 days the week after July 4th. When we arrived at the hotel, no one came out to help us with our bags and into the hotel, but it was accessable enough so that we were able to make it in on our own. As we finished our check-in we were given a stack of maps and tour brochures which were a great help to us along as we toured the city. When we got to our room, we found it a little small, and there wasn't even a desk in the room as it is shown on every website you can find about the hotel. So, we called down to the front desk to ask if there was a bigger room available, as we had read in some of the previous reviews on this website that some rooms were larger than others. They were very helpful in this, and took our luggage to a larger room the very next day. I think the best quality about this hotel was the FREE high-speed internet that they provide. If staying in touch via email is a big deal for you, then this is the hotel. If you ask for a twin room are pushed together as in many european hotels, but we just moved them apart and put one of the end tables in between. One thing that i did find &quot;bad&quot; about this hotel, was the fact that even with a phone card they charged you one pound for each call. Also, the location isn't that great as it isn't right in the center of all the action, but it is most definately a very workable location and has close access to the tube and bus stations. The hotel overall was very nice, and the conceirge service for the hotel was excellent. If the opportunity to return was available, I would most definately stay here again.	
Jul 4 2004	Wonderful and Quaint	We just spent 3 days in London in June 2004. We fell in love with the KK George. I traveled alone with two teenagers and it was a great experience. We did not want an American hotel in London, we wanted an English hotel in London, and the KK George provided that. The room was small by American standards, but quite nice by European standards expecially with 3 beds in it. It was on a beautiful, quiet street within EASY walking distance of restaurants, the underground, and the Big Red Bus. There were very few American/Canadians at the hotel - mostly Germans while we were there. That added to the European experience for my &quot;children&quot;. Everyone on the staff was very friendly and the food was quite good.  Any negatives I would say were: there really isn't a concierge's desk - so if you need lots of help, it isn't there. Also, it is probably not a great choice for younger active children. Great for older teenagers who want to experience Europe.	
Jun 4 2004	nice old georgian style hotel	GREAT little georgian townhouse style hotel. Amazingly easy to get to from Heathrow via the tube. Just get on the Picadilly tube line and exit at Earls Court. Once in Earls Court Station. follow the exit to Earls Court Rd. (there is an elevator!!!, however a little hidden, but its there!). Once on the street, walk to your left, then turn left at the first corner, then make an immediate right onto Templeton Place...there's K &amp; K George on the left side. The walk takes about 2-3 MINUTES! The whole trip from Heathrow takes about 40-45 minutes total. The George is a european style hotel (that means small rooms!). Very clean with a full size (but small) bathroom. Ask for a room with two twins &amp; you will get two beds very close together (like having a king size). Just a word of warning, it can be noisy in street side room (also bright lights shine into room all night, but blackout drapes work well). Suggest that you ask for room facing the rear overloking a pretty garden area. Also, if you can get a room with a desk in it, it will be somewhat larger. Unlike the lovely slightly aged facade of the hotel, the inside is furnished in a &quot;minimalist&quot; style. Quite functional yet a stark look compared to the beautiful georgian facade. Nonetheless, she has plenty of charachter. The staff were very, very nice. Also very convenient location near bakeries, pubs. small grocery.bank, even starbucks. Also, the proximity to the tube makes getting around London extremely easy (very easy to learn, lines are color coded and almost no wait time for a train) Would happily stay again. Look for great deals on expedia or delta . ENJOY!	
Jun 3 2004	A great place to start!	Stayed at the George for 6 days in May, and I must say it was a great base for london. The rooms were small, but very comfortable, the bathroom was workable, and there was actually plenty of closet space for unpacking. The bed was a little firm for me, but still comfortable. It was a great place to return to after a busy day in London. Just a few min. from Earl's court tube stop with easy transfers to Picadilly line and District line. Within min. you could be anywhere in the city. Plenty of coffee shops/bakery's along the main street, even a groc store and a few good pubs. The internet access is a must!!! I missed it in the other hotels we stayed at on this trip. I recommend going down stairs to the executive lounge, its alway empty and there is no smoking! (even free afternoon tea!) Our room was booked via expedia (no breakfast) but we tried it the first day with the coupon 2 for 1. Breakfast is still 12 pounds per person with out it!! yikes, wasn't that great, save your time/money and go into town or eat at the bakery's along the main road. Will stay there again.....if the price is right.	
May 31 2004	Great Hotel!	My wife and I stayed here from May 21-25, 2004. We arrived at the hotel around 10am and check-in time wasn't until 2pm. Our room wasn't ready, but they were more than happy to hold our bags for us. We went out sightseeing for the day and came back to hotel around 6pm. We picked up our keys and they had our bags delivered to the room. My wife and I were very happy with the room. There was a place to store your luggage and the room had a decent size closet. We had a double bed that was quite comfortable. Only one person could be in the bathroom at a time, but it was no big deal. The power shower was great. We had no problem getting hot water fast. The room came with a hairdryer, towel warmer, and a mini-bar. The only negative thing I could say is that there was no clock in the room, but they did offer wake-up call service. The free Internet access in the room worked without any problem. There is also a computer downstairs in the lobby for general use, but everytime we walked by it, someone was always on it. The lobby also has wireless access, which I did not try. The hotel is within a 2-min walk to the tube station (Earl's Court). There is a great little bakery right across the street from the tube station, which is where we ate breakfast. The hotel does offer a full breakfast buffet, but we never ate there. We were very happy with our stay and would definately stay there again the next time we visit London.	
May 1 2004	Beautiful and Clean!	My wife and I travelled to London during Christmas 2003 and stayed for a week in Kand K George. We had absolutely smashing time being our first trip there etc. The room, though small (compared to American sizes) had everything we could hope for (Electric kettle, Towel Warmers among other things etc). They even had down comforters and pillows which did help during the cold times! The service was fantastic; we managed to take the wrong kind of converter and the front desk even gave us one easily for our stay! They have a great breakfast buffet, Internet, good proximity to the tube station (being on the Piccadilly line etc). Overall, we thought this was a great deal!!	
Apr 8 2004	Very clean and quiet with a real bathroom with tub etc.	Very clean and quiet with a real bathroom with a tub, etc. Got great rates over internet for Christmas week. Lobby is very contemporary, though exterior is not. Rooms were rather plain but very clean. We had a triple and it was a little crowded but suspect same room is used as a double (without the rollaway bed) as well and would be very roomy. Great location; 2 minute walk to Earls Court tube on Picadilly line which is a direct shot from Heathro. Nice neighborhood. Little or no traffic noise, especially on back side facing garden. Breakfast was additional 12 GBP (hence our great rates) but there are numerous places 1 block away to get breakfast--even McDonald's, etc. Great bathroom by European standards. Depending on price, we would stay here again	
Mar 23 2004	Great base in London!	WEll,I am sitting at home not 24 hours after checking out of the K + K Hotel George, and I can say that it is a GREAT hotel to stay at while taking in the sights of London. First, It's got a great location going for it. Within 2 minutes of walking, you'll find a Post Office, the entrance to the Earl's Court Tube (Underground) station, and a few American favorites like McDonalds, Burger King, Subway and Pizza Hut. Second, they have two floors dedicated non-smoking. We stayed on the first floor, which wasn't bad. Third, they have high-speed Internet connections in all their guestrooms. Plus, they have two computers on premesis with high-speed connections - one is in the lobby, the other is downstaairs in what is called the Executive Lounge. Here's an Insider's Tip: For the non-smokers out there, if you want to use one of the hotel's computers, use the one in the executive lounge. that's a non-smoking room, and a lot more private than the one in the lobby. Also, If you have a wireless card, you may use it at the hotel, b/c both the Lobby and the Executive Lounge are wireless hot spots. I unfortunately can't tell you whether the hotel uses 802.11a/b/g because I didn't have or need my wireless card while I was there. But they provide that as well. And it's complimentary!!!Now, on to the rooms. first off, yes, they are on teh small side, especially if you're used to the American sized hotel rooms. But it's about right in keeping with the size of the rooms in other European hotels, though. And while it's on the small side, it's still comfortable, and you have enough space to store your things without having to trip over them. the High-Speed Internet in the room is provided by an RJ-45 jack in the wall, so you will definately need to being your own network cable with you. And if you want to work anywhere other thna the table where the Internet jack is, I would recommend that your cable be about 15 feet in length. The TV is ok, but there are a lot of channels that are in German... It'e very interesting watching hit movies dubbed in German. WE were watching a movie with Richard gere, and hearing this weird German voice for him was very funny. But there were a few English-speaking channels. Also, there is a rather well-stocked mini-bar in the room, and the prices are semi-reasonable... about 1.20 pounds for a 20 oz. Coke. and they had Toblerone chocolate and a mini-pack of Pringles, and other goodies, too... But there are about three grocery/convenience stores within 1 minute of walking. Anyway that's a minor thing... The hotel also is kind enough to provide US travellers with an adapter to allow a typical 115v three-prong plug to plug into the 240v wall outlet. But you should know that this is just an adapter, and it will not convert the 240v wall power into 115v for US-standard use. You will need your own seperate power converter as well, or make sure that the device you pulg in can handle the higher current. And in the bathroom, they have a dual-current outlet as well, but it is only for low-voltage items like electric shavers. One set of holes provides 115v power, and the other set provides 240v. Just make sure you have your razor plugged into the right one. One other note on the bathroom... the bathtub is rather high, so be careful getting into and out of it. And that about covers it. The bottom line is that you get a lot of hotel for your money, and you will have an excellent base of operations to work from as you take in all the wonderful sights of London.	
Mar 21 2004	Fantastic hotel!		
Mar 3 2004	Excellent Hotel		
Jan 18 2004	excellent!		
Jan 6 2004	not much effort		
Dec 26 2003	what a big mistake		
Dec 4 2003	Bravo Bravo!!		
Nov 26 2003	Affordable AND nice		
May 5 2003	Inexpensive -- but Cheap Too		
Mar 15 2003	Quiet Haven		
Dec 6 2002	Out of the way but pretty nice!		
Dec 6 2002	????????????????????????		
Nov 16 2009 	Optimales Hotel für London		
Oct 5 2009 	Schönes Haus mit kleinen Fehlern		
Sep 16 2009 	Sehr Britisch		
Sep 14 2009 	Un hotel muy bien comunicado y una excelente relación calidad precio		
Sep 10 2009 	????????		
Aug 23 2009 	Ausgezeichnetes Hotel in ruhiger Lage mit gutem U-Bahn-Anschluss		
Aug 18 2009 	Magnifica esperienza		
Jul 16 2009 	Eine ausgezeichnete Wahl		
Jun 24 2009 	Gewohnte K+K Qualität		
Jun 23 2009 	???????		
May 25 2009 	Hotel muy agradable y cercano al metro		
Apr 30 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Apr 21 2009 	Schöne Städtereise mit super Hotel		
Apr 13 2009 	Plutôt pas mal mais peut mieux faire...		
Apr 12 2009 	??????		
Mar 29 2009 	EIne gelungene Städtereise...		
Mar 24 2009 	Un très bon hôtel		
Mar 17 2009 	Muy recomendable volveré		
Mar 4 2009 	A vous de voir...		
Feb 18 2009 	ottima location e rapporto qualità prezzo.		
Jan 7 2009 	Un lugar idoneo en la familia		
Nov 26 2008 	Buen hotel en Kensington		
Oct 7 2008	Super Hotel mit Top Service		
Jul 22 2008 	excelente hotel george		
Jun 21 2008 	Das St.George war im Großen und Ganzen in Ordnung		
May 29 2008 	Traumgarten zur Einstimmung auf Chelsea Flower Show		
May 14 2008 	Für London optimales Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
May 13 2008 	Exceptionnel		
Apr 17 2008 	Bellissimo hotel		
Apr 1 2008 	Absoluter Hit		
Mar 10 2008 	Viel Leistung für Preis!		
Feb 20 2008 	Hotel agréable et bien situé		
Jan 24 2008 	Hotel sympa		
Jan 21 2008 	Superklasse Hotel - meine Erwartungen wurden mehr als übertroffen *******		
Jan 11 2008 	Très bonne adresse		
Nov 26 2007 	Sehr angenehmes Hotel		
Oct 28 2007 	Parfait		
Aug 13 2007 	Trés bon rapport qualité-prix excellent !		
May 31 2007	bon hotel avec jardin		
