	Who gave this hotel 4 Stars ??	I have just spent Saturday night at this hotel, and must say it was a big mistake.A West End show, romantic dinner and a night in a great area of London was spoilt by this Hotel.Although all of the staff were very pleasant and helpful, the room was very tired / antiquated bathroom / pathetic toiletries / dirty windows / tatty net curtains / filthy window runners / no mini bar (in a 4 star London hotel ??) breakfast was awful (which the hotel tried to charge me for, after I had prepaid on B &amp; B terms / bad stains on the carpet / very basic bed and pillows - just a very miserable room.I am not sure about Health and Safety regulations, but if ever there was a fire in the corridor outside the room I stayed in , the occupants would perish as the windows could not be opened at all- they were secured by means of obvious screws into the window frames. It's hotels like this that can give London a bad name - the room was two star at best - do not stay here expecting 4 star !	
Nov 21 2009 	terrible service and disorganised	i stayed here for a long weekend 14-16 nov, the hotel was easy to find being a 5 min walk from KHS and fairly central. room was fine as was the lobby etc.down side is the bathroom isnt well lit and the room window has single layer of glass so if its windy or someone is moving a metal trolley outside it is clearly heard - luckily we were at the front of the hotel as at the rear is the central tube line so u hear it clearly in the room, the double bed is also small but comfortable.when checking in at reception i was asked if i wanted to put credit on the room to pay for anything from the in room minibar - i declined. ( later found out that there is no mini bar)That evening i met some friends in the restaurant area and asked to plac the items on the room, the waiter asked if i had aranged credit on the room and i said no, he said no problem and gave me a slip to put the drinks on the room, some other drinks were paid cash by my friends and we left. At MIDNIGHT the room phone rang and someone from the bar was complaining i had not paid for the non room drinks,had 2 burgers and that we had left without paying for the drinks or food.. obviously not true. I asked them if it was normal to phone guests at midnight and he said yes perfectly normal practise for them.the reception then called 20 mins AFTER midnight to ask why i had not paid the bar bill and demanded payment - they would not accept putting the bill ( £16) on the room for when i check out, i gave the lady my CC details and thought that was the end of the story. In the morning i checked with reception and they had no trace of the bar bill.. and could not find any reciepts!! i arranged that the bill would be paid on my check out and she wrote a comment on the computer about this.That evening at 1145PM the bar called again complaining about the bar bill - i informed them the reception had already arranged the bill, to prevent them phoning again after midnight i unplugged the phone to get a decent sleep. In the morning I found a bill slipped under the door saying i must pay the bill as it had not been payed.Obviously this chain of events just shows the hotel is very disorganised and does not trust the guests and doesnt care if they dsturb the guests at rediculous times of the night.the hotel is not 4 star it is a 3 star with small double beds.....i would have stayed at the hotel again but the sad experience with being woken at midnight means i will never stay there again - i will be sure to inform others of my experience also.dont bother with the hotel breakfast as its greatly overpriced, some people go to the muffin man just round the corner but a far nicer and cheaper place is opposite the kensington tube station.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good location and nice hotel	This hotel was in a great location, just around the corner from High street Kensington tube station. We arrived late in the evening and had no problems checking in. Our room was pleasant, on the first floor. Very quiet room. It also had a fridge in it- which is something my partner and I really like to have when we are staying in a hotel. The bed was comfortable. The shower had good pressure and there was plenty of hot water.  The only issue we had with this hotel was that on the morning we were leaving, the cleaner knocked on our door before 9am ( we were still asleep and this woke us up) and then half an hour later our telephone rang but when we answered no-one was there- we felt this may have been a way for the hotel to wake us up as we came in rather late the night before after being out all day and thought perhaps they didn't trust us to get up on time for check out- which was at 12pm! Apart from that one negative aspect of our stay, the hotel was very pleasant. I would recommend it to my friends. It was a good price (compared to other hotels in London) and spacious.	
Nov 18 2009	England France Italy and Greece....	Neat, tidy, clean and the single beds in our room were the MOST comfortable...hated to leave it in the early morning! Had a bit of difficulty with two separate taps in the loo.....one tap for hot and one for cold.....and they are not that close to one another o:)....but overall, thoroughly enjoyed our 2 night stay....	
Nov 11 2009 	Holding Rooms Hostage for a Price - Pay 30 Pounds Now or Wait 5 Hours	As indicated by many others, I experienced the same issue of having to pay more in order to check in. I was traveling on business for 10 nights with a club room reserved. After an 11 hour flight from the states, I arrived at the hotel at 10am. I was told rooms were not available until the official 3pm check in time. However, if I paid 30 pounds, a room would MAGICALLY become available for immediate check in. The front desk would not budge on this - either pay now or wait 5 hours.This is the third time I stayed at this hotel this year. I did not encounter this issue previously. If this is how this hotel is going to treat its business travelers, I'll choose to go elsewhere next time. This is a very poor business model in order to try to generate more revenue. They may have gotten 30 pounds out of me now, but for my next 10 night trip to London in January, they aren't getting my business. I'm also alerting my corporate travel department of this practice since this property is only one of four preferred hotels we are permitted to book.	
Nov 9 2009 	Disappointed	We stayed here for the time between our wedding and honeymoon so that we could see some of London town. We had booked it through a discount website but as it was a 4 star hotel, we were expecting it to be better than we found.Upon checking in, we were listed for a twin room! which for a couple on their pre-honeymoon wasn't very good so they switched us to a double room which turned out ot be a disabled room.This would have been fine expect it wasn't in very good condition and the room overlooked some offices which wasn't good.If we had had a better room we may have had a better stay.	
Nov 9 2009 	Good location good breakfast good staff tired and dated rooms	I have just returned from 4 days in London as part of a business / leisure trip. We used the tube to travel from Kings Cross through to Kensington High Street. The Hotel is is only 5 minutes walk from the tube station, very well placed. Check in was no problem and between our party we had a 5th floor standard room and an 11th floor club room. I must say that I was disappointed with the standard of the room. The decor and furniture were dated. The bathroom appeared to be the original (70's era) and although generally clean, the shower curtain was heavily stained and the shower mixer was not thermostatic. One morning there was no hot water. I found a plastic bag over the smoke alarm and it is apparent that despite the rooms having no smoking signs on the doors, people ignore it and smoke anyway. The people opposite our room smoked continually and that foul smell drifited under our door. This is obviously not enforced by the hotel as it carried on for days. As you walk down the 5th floor corridoor you can smell the smoke eminating from several rooms.The 11th floor club room was decorated to a higher standard and the bathroom a little tidier however this is how I would have expected a standard room to be in a four star hotel.I found the communal areas of the hotel very clean, well decorated and bright. The self service breakfast was very good in so far as choice and being fresh. I found all staff I encountered friendly, helpful and courteous.I am not one for complaining or appearing fussy about minor details but I feel that the hotel really need to update the decor of the rooms and tackle the smoking issue. We paid on average £150 per room per night.Location does help this hotel and Kensington is a nice area to stay in. Notting Hill and several other attractions such as the Olympia centre are withing 15 minutes walking distance. We found an excellent Indian restaurant near to the Olympia Centre called KARMA. It is on Blyth Road.	
Nov 7 2009 	Close to the Tube!	Got a good price on the rooms, and the location was ideal - a quiet area a short distance from the Tube. The rooms were fine, especially for the price.	
Nov 5 2009 	Not bad. good base for London trip	We arrived in London on Monday afternoon, and got the tube to Kennsington High street which is really close to the hotel and the directions to the hotel from their web site are spot on. We arrived to the hotel at 1pm. The girl at reception told us we couldn't check in until 3 pm but if we paid £20 we could check in straight away. Seeing as we were only in London till wednesday afternoon we went ahead and paid it. However after we had handed in the money anther person checking in was told that she could wait till 2pm to check in or pay £20. So its a scam and wasn't a great start to the hotel.We were put in a quiet room on the 6th floor. There was an awful musty smell the hallway of the hotel but thankfully it didnt carry into the room. The room was plenty big with 2 single beds as requested. the bathroom was clean and restocked daily which is good. there is a little fridge in the room too but it does get noisey. also 7pm on tuesday morning is when the man from the bottle bank arrives and it is a bit of a racket. We hadn't booked in for breakfast but they did give us vouchers. however its still cheaper to go eat in the Muffin Man Cafe just up the road. The hotel is in a beautiful part of London and close to the tube station, defintely a perfect base if you plan on travelling around London. It is comfortable and clean. it's a no fuss hotel. and for the price it is good. I would have no problem staying here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent Location.	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for three nights leisure break. We booked room only on an offer from Last Minute.com. When we arrived we were given vouchers from the Hotel reception for breafast at £10 each which just about made it worth having value wise. The breakfast was ok (nothing special) but the buffet style allowed you to fill up for the day. The room was very comfortable (especially the bed) and clean, although not at the plush end with flat screens etc.The main plus side for us is the location. It is just off the Kensington High Street, near to the tube station, Albert Hall, National History Museums and a shops etc. Also at night it is relatively quite.We had very little to do with the staff but what we did was very efficent and friendly.Whilst not the most uptodate plush hotel in London its location more than makes up for it. We would stay again but not pay top money for it.	
Nov 2 2009 	Certainly Worth Consideration	My friend and I spent 9 nights at the Copthorne Tara. Overall the experience was very pleasant. We had a clean room, that while a little dated was comfortable and met all our needs for our stay.My disappointments were few, the first was upon check-in at around noon I was told I could have my room for an addition 50GBP, which just seemed unreasonable. If the room is available it’s available. This just doesn’t seem like a good practice for a hotel with a large international clientele. I left my luggage and headed out to explore the area, went back about 1330, spoke with a different clerk and was given my key right away, however, though I had given all my information to the earlier clerk, it wasn’t available in the system, so had to go all through that again. It was a bit annoying and not the first impression I had hoped for. The separate hot and cold water on the bathroom sink was a bit annoying, but nothing I couldn’t handle.There were a couple odd technical issues with the room, upon trying to order room service, at a much too late time, everything else was closed, the phone didn’t work. I went to the elevator area, placed my order and reported the phone out of service. Within 5 minutes someone was there to fix the phone. Considering it was around 0230, it could have waited, but we were up and waiting, so why not. Next thing was the master switch for the room stopped working. We were heading out for a day of sightseeing and couldn’t turn off the lights, not matter what we tried. Called maintenance and by the time we returned everything was fine.Housekeeping did a nice job of keeping the room clean. The beds were comfortable, the room was much larger than I had expected, though I will admit I’m not used to a twin bed. The TV worked, like most hotel TV’s the remote was questionable, but it was mainly there for background anyway so didn’t care all that much. Our room did face the tube tracks but I never really noticed any significant noise from it. All the staff that I encountered was friendly and helpful. Though the one clerk upon check-in didn’t exactly give me the service I would have liked, part of what he was doing was following company policy and that’s more of a management issue than a worker issue. The location was excellent, a quick jaunt to the High Street Kensington tube stop, and a few decent places to eat in the area.I would definitely stay here again, though because of the request of the additional money for early check-in, it would not be my first preference. And I’ve read the arguments about that being common and such but when it comes down to it, it’s a customer service point and I do know other London hotels that while they may or may not have that policy, I’ve never been told nor have I been made to wait to check in.	
Nov 2 2009 	four star hotel ?	i normally expect to be welcomed at the door of a four star hotel.Here it took 3 days to find someone on duty to get a cab for us.housekeeping also left a bit to be desired in both of our rooms.However,that said reception was excellent at check in and out.The service in both the brasserie and the bar was excellent. The quality of food was excellent and reasonable value	
Oct 31 2009 	Clean convenient but not 4 star	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara. The rooms were old and dated. The staff was rude and could hardly speak english. The only plus was that it was relatively clean and moderately priced. It was just not 4 star accommodations.	
Oct 28 2009 	A good choice for location service amenities and stay	This was our second visit and once again we had a great stay. This hotel is very well located just off Kensington High Street and near to The Natural History museum etc.We had a Club room on the 11th floor and whilst this was compact especially with a camp bed for my 10 year old son to sleep in, the room had all the amenities we required and great view towards The London Eye etc. If you choose a room with a view expect to hear noise from tube trains- they run overground by this hotel. Otherwise ask to be located with the dreary view yet it should be quiet!Service by Rusal in The Club Lounge was outstanding- it was like having a personal butler! Buffet breakfast was very good. At all times the service and friendliness of the staff was most welcoming.	
Oct 26 2009 	WE WILL BE BACK	At last we have found a hotel in london that we are looking forward to to stay at, at the next posible occaision,..over the passed years our visits to London have been spoiled by the hotel's (even by going through agencies)on arrival the check-in was very friendly(thanks to Quentin, on the desk)we got what we asked for!!1. a smoking room.2. and a room not overlooking the tube station(after reading the reviews on tripadvisor)these 2 wishes were granted!! what's more he gave us reduced breakfast vouchers (£10 instead of £13,) after the check-in,now was the time for the &quot;Surprise&quot;(we were still very doubtful about the room!!! and what a wonderful surprise!! the room was large(what they say on their web page) the bathroom spacious! it was a dream come true!...the smoking rooms were on the 3rd floor, bieng a smoker i still smell the old smoke, but there was a nice refeshing smell as soon as we got out of the lift,and the same as we got into the bedroom!! another good thing was the small fridge, iron and ironing board(which they didn't mention on their web page,our view overlooked the Kensington close hotel(which we had stayed in before(recemmended by Brithish Airways!! never again! it was a hole!!) the location was great! High Street Kensington tube station just up the road, we just adored it, but just a very small critic,they could have mixer taps on the bathroom sink, but as i said we will be back	
Oct 20 2009 	Not bad at all.	We stayed here for four nights after booking with Priceline. We got a very good deal. At first I was disappointed that the hotel looked liked a 1960's school of architecture rejected project. Still inside was clean, comfortable, quiet.The best thing is the fabulous location close to Kensington high street and the park. The underground is a short walk and so are all the shops that you could want. I would stay again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Location location location	Stayed in a standard double room on the first floor. Spacious with a little table and chairs. Yes, it overlooked the train tracks, but I didn't hear a thing, and I was listening for train noise (based on other reviews). Yes, the bathroom is a little elderly and has English plumbing, but hey, it is England. The hotel is central, and in a safe location a short stroll from High St Kensington tube station. The hotel catering is just fine and there are heaps of places nearby for meals - the Muffin Man is great for breakfast and it's not just muffins. For a London hotel, the prices are very reasonable and the rooms are good. You can't expect 5 star rooms at 3 star prices!	
Oct 17 2009 	A poor imitation of a four star hotel.	I checked into this hotel as I was attending a corporate dinner nearby. Unfortunately, the hotel was exceptionally disappointing.I arrived at the hotel and was impressed by the lobby which was spacious. I then went to check in and was greeted by a slovenly girl slouched on a swivel chair who was sharp, snappy and unwelcoming. I was directed to my ninth floor room.The whole hotel is somewhat tatty round the edges and this applies to the public areas as well.I arrived at my room and was went inside. To sum up the positives and negatives of my stay:Comfortable BedGood ViewNice BreakfastThe Negatives:Dirty poorly maintained bathroom. Dirty ToiletPubic Hair in the BathTempermental toilet flushing system.Flickering LightRude check-in staff. 30 minutes to get served an orange juice in a quiet bar. An outdated television system. Every channel was distorted and unwatchable.All the stationary, menus, and paper in the room was extremely tatty, dirty. Some had, what appeared to be blood stains over it.This hotel was probably quite good when it was first built, however, it is now tired, lacks any form of finesse, attention to detail or care about product quality. I feel very sad that this is the experience that some foreign travellers will get of London - we do so much better than this elsewhere. Save some worry and stay at the Hilton Metropole for the same price and get a hotel that gives a hoot.	
Oct 13 2009 	A bargain of a place to stay in Kensington.	We stayed at the hotel for three nights and found the hotel to be great value for money.Our stay did not include breakfast but just minutes away is a very nice tea room called the Muffin Man which offers a choice of breakfast and a very reasonable price.The hotel is only minutes away from Kensington High Street but down a side street which means it is not to noisy and even though it backs onto the train lines, you could hardly hear anything.The room is small, but very comfortable and extemely clean. Beds lovely.The hotel food was very good with a special priced menu if ordered before nine in the evening.The hotel was buzzing, it seems to be very popular with many travellers - I would not have any worries staying there even by myself.A great stay in a lovely part of London, museums nearby, as well as the convenience of a good transport service.	
Oct 12 2009 	Outstanding value	My wife and I spent four nights in this hotel. Location is great, on a quiet street just a few minutes walk from High Street Kensington Tube station. Lots of shops and restaurants available on Kensington High Street. Also walking distance from Gloucester Road station, on the Piccadilly line.Rooms are clean, large and comfortable and include a fridge as well as a sitting area. Good size washroom. The only negative is that our room had two twin beds instead of a double bed. We were offered to pay 40 pounds to upgrade to a &quot;club&quot; room with a queen bed, which we declined. (The club room also comes with free breakfast, some drinks during cocktail hours, etc.). Twin beds were comfortable.If you are flying out of Heathrow, there is a shuttle bus that goes to Heathrow from this hotel. Cost is 19 pounds per person. Well worth it if you have lots of luggage.This hotel is located in a very desirable location of and provides quick access to all major London attractions. I would recommend it without hestiation.	
Oct 9 2009 	Needs Renovation	We booked this hotel via priceline bidding for $65 per night. This hotel is very near to the Underground tube station &amp; kensington high street. Mcdonalds &amp; Pizza hut are very close by. The Room's are just okay, but the restrooms seriously needs some renovation, there is a separate faucet for hot and cold water. The Muffin Man cafe/tea shop just a block away is really good.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very Smelly in the height of summer	As a relatively frequent traveller to London I am well aware of the patchy nature of some hotels. This one definately falls in the to be avoided if possible category.The only positive thing I can say is the location close to High Street Kensington tube.Also there was a good sized fridge.The room smelled terrible and the windows didn't openBreakfast was adequate but with none of the extra touches e.g. hash browns, black puddingMain clientèle seemed to be coach loads of tour groups.	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent but nothing special	My girlfreind and I spent 7 nights here recently and were rather apprehensive given the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor. My girlfriend has very limited mobility and needed a room with disabled facilities, which made us even more concerned.The room itself was adequate. It was clean and comfortable, though a little too warm for my taste. You can't open the windows and, even with the air-con full on, I still found it a bit stuffy and warm.The disabled facilities were pretty good. All doors could be opened by a wheelchair user, and the lifts were very spacious. My girlfriend was able to get from reception to the (first floor) room without my help on one occasion - something that she couldn't have done at another 'disabled friendly' hotel at which we stayed a year ago.The staff were very pleasant and helpful. We needed a chair for the shower. This was provided on request, though we did have to remind them a few times.Breakfast was adequate, but could probably have been better for the money. The toaster seemed to have good and bad days! The dining rooms were a bit dark and could probably benefit from a bit of modernisation. But it's the food and service that really matter.I'd say this is really a 3 star hotel. Decent, in a good location, with friendly staff at a reasonable cost.	
Oct 4 2009 	Shabby	That's it really...it's shabby. If you go expecting no more, you'll be satisfied. It's the kind of place that you'd be ok with if you're on a coach tour. The sort of place you are happy with for one night, and then you're on to the next place. In fact, we booked this and got a deal, but we still felt it was way overpriced for the standard of the room. It looks like it's stuck in the 80's and hasn't really had any money thrown at it since. Yes, it's well located; yes, there are plenty of good restaurants nearby; yes, the front desk staff smile. No, it's nothing very special at all. Far from it.	
Oct 4 2009 	Club room and location made it worth the money	The hotel itself was outdated, but the location can not be beat. Very close to Kensington Highstreet, the tube station, and my personal favorite, a Whole Foods. The stay was much more satisfying with a Club room which included an upgraded room with internet connection (not wireless) and great breakfast buffet which would have otherwise been 15£ + 13£ respectively extra. Otherwise, I don't think the stay would have been worth it. The check in staff were professional and helpful, but I was less than comfortable with the concierge staff who tried to sell me a &quot;bargin price&quot; to the airport which was much higher than if I just got there on my own. I also didn't like the fact that they sent up a staff member to physically look in our minibar before we checked out to make sure that we would be honest later on. That lack of trust really busted my good feelings of the hotel right at the very end of our stay. I will probably look for other hotels on my next visit, but would not mind staying there agin.	
Oct 3 2009 	Just a short stroll from the gates of Hyde Park	Recently spent 3 nights here, found it in an ideal location, just off High Street Kensington, near the tube &amp; also bus stop. Very clean, rooms basic, but comfortable, staff very friendly &amp; helpful. We were able to check in early &amp; leave our luggage with guest services, did this again on checking out.Just a short stroll from the gates of Hyde Park, which was wonderful. We were going to breakfast elsewhere as knew they charged £16 for full English, but on checking in we were given vouchers for breakfast for £10, which made it about average price for a London hotel. Would definately recommend &amp; use again if in the area	
Sep 30 2009 	Great value Great Location	We have stayed here twice. It is so convient right next to the tube stop. Also lots of shops, restaurants. The second time we stayed here, my husband was in severe pain due to what turned out to be a broken back. The staff were wonderful to us and helped us endure a terrible situation. I can't thank them enough. We will always pick this hotel when we return to London. Also it is easier and cheaper to get to Heathrow from here on the tube than in any so called airport hotel. The airport hotels are far from the airport and the hotel shuttle is expensive and very slow.	
Sep 28 2009 	Mr	The stay was fine, until I got the bill.$8 for a 1minute and 20 second LOCAL phone call.$3 for less than a minute LOCAL phone call.$43 for another LOCAL call.$25 per day for internet access.Just beware. I'm not an ignorant traveler. They really know how to jack up the price here. The bill for my stay was an extra $200. They wouldn't do anything about it at &quot;Guess Relations.&quot;	
Sep 27 2009 	Awful hotel; overpriced and not worth it	Cleary this hotel is a mixed bag. I booked it for a weekend stay in London on the strength of some reviews on Trip Advisor, but found the critical reviews much more accurate.I normally enjoy staying in hotels and very rarely have a bad experience, but this hotel was awful from the start.I'd booked a double room, but upon arrival found that I in fact had twin beds. After complaining I was told this was Expedia's fault and not the hotel's - nothing they could do was the reply, as there were apparently no free rooms with double beds in. However they did say I could upgrade to a double-bed room for an extra £45. Nice. I refused, suggesting they should upgrade me for free, but they would not, so I had to push the two twin beds together and sleep with a hole in the middle. Hardly worth the £92 I paid for the room.While the corridors smelled strongly of damp, the room itself was very well-worn, battered and the TV had been kindly left to blare out a Spanish channel at full volume for my arrival. Despite it being a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, the bathroom reeked of stale smoke, while the rest of the room smelled of damp. We had a lovely view over the tube lines out of the window, and while the train noises weren't too bad, they were audible - as were the full conversations of the couple next door coming in at 3am. I wouldn't have minded (or heard), if the walls had not been paper thin.To cap it all off, a round of two drinks in the hotel bar (one shot of Baileys and a bottle of beer) came to £11.50. Complete rip-off.I expect this hotel could have been better with a different room, on a different floor - but then you might as well stay in another hotel. If you don't want a gamble, I'd suggest steering well clear and heading elsewhere.	
Sep 25 2009 	gorgeous hotel	this hotel is really lovely. I would reccomend it to anyone . the location is great.. right on kensington high street and nearly next to the underground station .. the food is gorgeous.. the rooms are really clean . i would be definitley going back here	
Sep 23 2009 	what a gem!	spent sunday 20th september for 1 night on the top floor room 1244.first the room: very clean and tidy ,good air con ect.but the best part was the fantasic view you can see for miles.this was a club room which had such good benefits its well worth the upgrade.you get access to a special club lounge with free internet and the coffee u get for free are brill.you also get complimentary continantal breakfast and wine,beer,soft drinks between 1845-2015 which is nice before dinner.(sky sports tv too so i got to watch live football).location is excellent just off the high street ,underground.museums just a ten minute walk.staff are friendly and helpfull and their are two restarauts to chose from a chinese and a good but expensive english menu.we got a great price of ebay and if would can get a good rate again we will definitely like to go back.	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice Hotel... Great Location!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 2 night as part of our tour of Europe... we arrived in London in the morning and there was no problem checking in a few hours early. Right down the street is all the shops and restaurants you could ask for. Plus a Tesco's if you want to grab some groceries and save some $$$. The internet was a joke, but they let us use their office PC to check in our flight and print our boarding passes, which was appreciated! We must have gotten one of the remodeled rooms as the room was fairly updated and clean.All in all it's a great hotel to stay at and everything can be accessed with ease... especially Kensington Gardens/Palace	
Sep 19 2009	Excellent Accessible Room with HOIST	Stopped here late June 09 but it has taken me some time the write this review. This hotel was chosen as we had been told by Mencap that they had an overhead ceiling hoist for people with disabilities who needed it. I went with a relative who has complex disabilities who would not have been able to go on holiday anywhere without some form of hoist. Actually, the young man had not been on holiday for many many years as we could never find a hotel with an overhead hoist.The accessible room the disabled person had was brillient with overhead celing hoist and many other well thought out features all made for easy access eg no doors on the wardrobe, touch pad opening door, good lighting, TV with remote that also operated the light switches. It even had a fridge!The accessible room we had was a single (with single bed). As I went with a fellow carer we would have greatly benefited with a height adjustable bed, and also bed rails for the person to remain safe whilst in bed, but we made do with packed in pillows. The accessible room was large enough, but would have benefited from being slightly larger/ There is an adjoining room next door (which I and my fellow carer shared) and there is an intercom between the two rooms.We found the room clean, well lit, with good furnishing (having now read some people's reviews who were not happy) The staff were prompt, attentive, and very helpful.I wish to priase the Copthorne Tara for taking a lead and catering for people with more complex disabilties whilst many other hotels, not just in London, but throughout the UK don't have hoists. Its a pity it is pricey and would not appear to have any discounts on the more accessible rooms on any of the hotel discount web sites	
Sep 17 2009 	I don't know what the fuss on here is all about.. this hotel was decent even good.	I was kinda worried when I read the reviews on here, after my company booked this hotel for me and my colleagues--as usual, I didn't really have a choice in the matter. But I got there and was pleasantly surprised, once I checked in (which took a minute, literally--though it WAS about 11PM) and got to my room--#766. It was clean all over (including the bathroom), the heater/air conditioner worked well.. really, no complaints at all.After reading the reviews here, I immediately called the hotel and asked for a room which doesn't face the tube station behind the hotel, and that's what I got. (Comment to people who complained about this: if you read the reviews here and were too cheap to make the call and request a specific room, even if it was long distance, then you're a dumbass and it's your own fault that you were waken up by the loudspeaker.) There were two things that irritated me though: the £11 breakfast and the £15/24hrs in-room internet!! I looked at the breakfast and it was nothing special (regular greasy English breakfast complete with the boiled tomatoes--why the HELL would ANYONE boil a tomato?!), so I opted to walk three minutes to the tube stop and get a pastry and coffee for a couple of bucks. The price for the in-room internet took the cake though... I would have paid the £15 if I could use it for my entire stay, but this price is extreme to say the least, especially with internet rates being what they are these days!One last thing I STILL don't get is the two separate taps on the sinks, but that's England for you, I guess. :) (Don't get me wrong, I fully understand the reasoning, and that's fine if that's what you guys prefer in your house 'cuz that's what you're used to, but to have that in hotels as well.... come on man, we're in the 21 century! :)Overall, I liked this place, and would stay here again if I needed to come back to London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Didn't Want to Take my Socks Off	We chose this hotel as a place to lay our heads between flights. It was gross. As others have said, the lobby is grand and promised good things to come, however, there was a stale covered up with perfume scent once we stepped onto the second floor. In the room, the wallpaper was peeling, the walls and doorways banged up. Bed was lumpy. Small detail but we also hated that there is a separate faucet for hot and cold water. There were hangers attached to the shower curtain rod. Strange but I guess for those that want to wash clothes in the sink? Location was pretty decent - right near High Street. There was a nice pub recommended by guest services called Britannia that was a short walked. Very cozy and yummy. Also, the Muffin Man cafe/tea shop just a block away was DELICIOUS. Glad to have stayed here just to discover that place.	
Sep 15 2009 	Location and Staff make this Hotel a Winner	We had a lovely stay at the hotel in room 1256. The various people manning the concierge desk were fantastic. Filipe Da Silva was especially helpful with directions, suggestions, and additional assistance when we forgot to bring our printed London Pass confirmation receipts. And there was another man (whose name I neglected to get) who helped me with my phone card. (I had never used one before!) He also helped us obtain (spur of the moment) reservations at a B&amp;B in Bath.The hotel itself was nice and the location can’t be beat. Our Club level room was clean and comfortable though not luxurious as would be expected of a 4-star hotel. The Club Lounge was very nice. It was great having access to an Internet-connected PC and a lovely continental breakfast each morning. I highly recommend the hotel for its location and wonderful staff.	
Sep 15 2009 	It was shabby tired and just about bearable. Not 4 star at all.	Stained carpets, a pervading smell of damp in the corridors. The room was small and basic. The walls were so thin that everything could be heard. Our bed had a definate lean to one side. Even breakfast was mediocre.	
Sep 12 2009 	It's 2 star not 4.	Decor is naff. Room was really tired looking. They gave us a room for diabled guests above the car park entrance because we got a discount on the full tariff. If I had paid the full rate I would have been furious. We were woken every morning by the sound of the plumbing. The windows were so dirty it was hard to tell what the weather was like. The exterior of the building was so ugly I thought Joe Stalin must have had a hand in the design process. Car park is £25 a day no discount if you are staying at the hotel. I like a little comfort and luxury when I am holiday. I did not find it here.Only saving grace is of course a fantastic location.	
Sep 8 2009 	Shabby and not worthy of 4 star description.	This hotel is in an excellent location, just a block from the excellent shopping of kensington high street and the tube station but in my opinion, thats pretty much all this hotel has going for it. Do not be fooled by the pictures on their website.Foyer is big and quite grand but the rooms are far from a 4 star standard. They are in serious need of updating. Really felt like i'd stepped back in time to the 80's! Bathroom was quite small, worn and shabby. staff were fine but wouldn't describe them as the friendliest bunch i've ever dealt with.If you don't plan on spending much time in the room then i'd go for it just for the location alone but only if you got a really good deal.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location tired decor	This hotel is a real mix of good and the not so good. It's in an excellent location, a few minutes from High St Kensington tube station,close to shops and restaurants. The room was a good size and this time not overlooking the railway (which I found noisy on an earlier stay). The bed was a bit too soft for my liking, but had a good selection of pillows. The air conditioning wasn't very efficient and even set at 16 degrees, kept the room too warm. Because the windows woudn't open, I couldn't get rid of the stale smell in the room. The shower was one of the most powerful I've experienced but the shower curtain was discoloured. The decor is very dated but and tired but wouldn't put me off staying again. The restaurant was very dark and a bit of a maze to find your way around; breaksfast was the usual selection, nice scrambled egg and and prompt service. I didn't eat at the hotel in the evening so can't comment on the quality but there were plenty of special food offers including 50% off if you dined very early. Checkout was disappointing - an overlong wait due to only one person on the desk at the busiest time of the morning. The mixed experiences made it difficult for me to decide how to rate this hotel - if it was refurbished it could be excellent.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good Value Great Location	I have stayed at the Tara Copthorne before so I know what the rooms were like. Yes, tired, yes not the greatest beds. But the location is fabulous and the refrigerator and location of good reasonable restaurants makes this a decent choice for a hotel in London. I used Priceline to book and feel like it was excellent value for what I paid. I used the name my price feature of Priceline when I booked the room. I stayed for four nights.I had emailed and requested a room on an upper floor that was no smoking. I was given a room on floor 10 and the entire floor apppeared to be nonsmoking. The room was quiet. Appreciated the hot tea in the room in the morning. TV worked great. Nice shower and super fluffy soft towels. Small table and chairs were in the room which was nice for a late night takeout dinner after a long day of sightseeing.I suppose the hotels has the amenities to qualify as a 4* but the room upkeep is not what I would expect of a 4*. On the otherhand during our vacation we stayed at several more expensive places that were dumps. After those experiences the Tara Copethorne seemed like a palace.	
Sep 6 2009 	Outdated dirty rooms but amazing staff	My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently. I booked the hotel due to the location and the mostly positive reviews on this site. When we arrived at the property, we were pleasantly surprised to find that the hotel lived up to expectations. The lobby looked relatively newly renovated and the staff were extremely helpful upon check-in. However, once we entered our hotel room our excitement was shattered as we found ourselves in a room that looked like it hadn't been updated in at least 20 - 30 years. It was certainly a mood-killer for our exciting week planned in London. We had stayed in a couple of small historic bed and breakfasts previously on our trip in others cities and they were more updated than this so called modern hotel. The furniture was old and used, the television was outdated, the bathroom was covered with hair from previous stays, the room had a horrible odor and to make matters worse there were two large blood stains on the wall that looked like a crime had been committed there. There was also a lot of noise at night from the train. If we hadn't pre-paid for the room, we would have definitely tried to find something else in the city. The location certainly could not be beat. It was very convenient to the High Street station and easily accessible to walk around London. The staff at the Guest Services desk were absolutely wonderful! They went above and beyond and offered helpful suggestions for activities/transportation etc. I certainly am not one to complain in a public forum but I felt like this needed to be addressed. I do hope that this can be helpful to others planning to stay here.	
Aug 27 2009 	DON'T DO IT	Please take it from someone who can tolerate alot of things. As many others have said, the hotel lobby is exquisite but it stops there. I too read the reviews and thought it can't be that bad but the hotel is very, very old and there is a smell that is coming from who knows where. The only plus is the location because it is very, very close to High Street Kensington tube line.	
Aug 27 2009 	nice hotel good location	This was a nice hotel, a block form the Kensington High street tube station. The room was Ok size and clean. The room had a small fridge and with shopping close by, it was handy. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and the bathroom was clean and nice. Overall it was a good value and a nice spot to stay in london.	
Aug 26 2009 	The hotel is very nice but the location and staff really stand out	My husband and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara twice in 2006: the second visit was made because we enjoyed our first stay there so very much. One amenity that really stood out for us was the small, empty refrigerator located in the rooms. There is an enormous Marks &amp; Spencer with a terrific full-service grocery store less than two blocks from the hotel, so with the refrigerator it's easy to stock up on milk, yogurt, fruit, etc. to snack on (or make your own breakfast with). There is also a large, well-stocked drugstore (Boots) and a terrific sandwich shop (Pret a Manger) within easy walking distance. All of these businesses are located within the High Street Kensington tube stop, and we found it very easy to walk to the hotel from the tube even with all of our luggage in hand.Also, FWIW, High Street Kensington is a terrificaly convenient tube stop -- you can get to virtually any location in Central London with no more than one or two line transfers involved. As for the hotel itself: it was, quite frankly, much nicer than we reasonably expected. One visit, our room overlooked the Courtyard, and during the other visit, we overlooked the tube tracks. Surprisingly, the tube-view room was even quieter, but both were very quiet and the curtains were terrific for blocking out light and noise. My second visit, I was ill for a large portion of the visit, and so I got to know my room very well. :) The morning desk clerk took a real interest in helping me out, recommending British equivalents of American over-the-counter medications and making sure I knew how to reach the Boots pharmacy. She even offered to call a doctor for me at one point -- I ended up not needing it, but wow, it was reassuring to know that someone was looking out for me and could help me if things got bad. Overall, I love this hotel, and I definitely hope to return again one day.	
Aug 25 2009 	Nice hotel in a good location	We had a very pleasant stay in this hotel. Yes, the bathrooms are a bit dated, but the towels were clean and lovely and big. The beds were spotlessly clean and comfortable, as was the room. The location is very good just off Kensington High Street and a short walk from the tube station. The breakfast buffet was good, the only flaws were the queue to use the toaster and having to ask for refills of tea. Maybe there is a reason for not giving pots of tea as is the practice in all other hotels I have stayed in, but for someone like me who likes the morning cuppa...not ideal!Overall, I was happy with my stay and would return again.Not quite a 4 star hotel but has a lot going for it.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent value	I had booked into a nearby &quot;suite&quot; hotel which upon arrival discovered to be, in every respect, absolutely hideous. Not being able to tolerate staying there, I recalled a previous stay here. I went online (in the four square inches of the &quot;suite&quot; hotel where their wi-fi actually worked) and found the cheapest price on their own website. I made a reservation, drove round, and checked in roughly 20 minutes later. A very helpful receptionist was even able to get me into a high floor at virtually no notice at all. Location and prices are great (although £25 a day for parking is a little excessive) and it makes a fine base for business or travel. Staff are helpful and well-trained, and my &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign was respected all day (I had much work to do in-room), with a request for the room to be made up after 5pm causing no problem at all.The rooms are perfectly nice, there are decent views from the higher floors, the food's great, and the in-room air-con is excellent. Top value and very highly recommended.	
Aug 22 2009 	great location great service	This is a fine hotel in a great location one block from High Street Kensington tube station.Concierge was extremely helpful and well staffed at all times including late at night.Room was comfortable, shower was amazing( fabulous water pressure) and lighting in room was great. Good Thai restaurant down the block and good Indian restaurant on Abbington Street nearby.	
Aug 20 2009 	Poor quality rooms - not 4 Star	Although the location of this hotel is excellent, the quality of the rooms is really 2 star at best. The carpets were torn and grubby, the furniture was chipped and worn, the wallpaper was dirty and torn, the skirting was broken in the corners, the latch on the door had been pulled from it's mounting at some point, and the broken wood was left splintered when repaired. The bathroom was very old and dated. The seals around the bath and sinks were dirty and discoloured, as was the ceiling. The taps were dull and old looking. The worst was the shower curtain, which we were afraid to touch as it was so dirty and mouldy. The general quality of the room was 1 star. But the towels and bedsheets were clean, although the bed was poor quality. Upon arrival we were greeted by a porter with 'Are you waiting for someone?' despite the fact that we had a case each in-hand.Breakfast was a battle to get tea or coffee - one morning I asked three people for coffee, and it still didn't arrive until we had both finished our breakfast a good 10 minutes.Steer well clear unless you are happy with an old tatty room in a good location.	
Aug 18 2009 	Worst stay for our backs - not a 4star hotel	We stayed there for 6 nights. This hotel is definetly not a 4 star hotel. In my opinion a 3 star at the highest. Room size was ok, the bathroom looked very very used. Unfortunately the beds are the worst. Too smooth - too small (we had a twin). After 2 nights my partner and me slept on the ground because we got problems with our backs in these scary smooth beds. To say something positive: We liked the breakfast. We will hopefully never stay again there.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here for the week-end for our Anniversary and as a base for a concert we were going to and have no complaints. Hotel is in a great location a few minutes walk from High Street Kensington tube station. When we checked in receptionist was being trained and we were very kindly upgraded to a Club room which was great. Room was spacious and spotless clean. Bathroom was large and very clean. We were in a room overlooking the tube line but they stopped running around midnight and to be fair made very little noise. We got a great sleep on both nights which I wasn't expecting as I thought such a big hotel would be noisy but it wasn't. Breakfast was a buffet style with loads of choice and staff were helpful and prompt with refills of tea and coffee. Would definately stay here again in the future.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Kensington Hotel	As some reviews have said the furniture in the rooms is a bit worn, and the mini bar prices very high, but on the whole our 10th floor room was great. This is a big hotel so usually you expect to be kept waiting whilst checking in and out, but no problems here. The hotel has a handy theatre booking desk with discounted tickets which proved much easier than searching the internet at short notice.Excellent breakfast, and good service all round.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this part of London.	
Aug 16 2009 	distinctly average	We stayed at this hotel during the tube strike, which obviously didn't put us in the right frame of mind to enjoy anything!!! However, we weren't overly impressed with the offerings here.The hotel itself looks like a factory and is not attractive from the outside. The view from our room was not much better - an estate and an old railway line. But the reception area is fine with a big seating area and there's nothing wrong with the rooms, there's just no wow! factor.We ordered late-night room service which took an age to come and we had to call down to chase it - think they maybe lost the order!Breakfast was decent but with the sheer number of people there you feel like a herd of cattle waiting to make your own toast.And I very much grudge paying £25 to park the car overnight, never mind having to pay the hourly rate if you want to go anywhere through the day!!!	
Aug 14 2009 	Disappointing	Very disappointed with stay - NOT a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination. Everything needs updating, smell of smoke very bad in some rooms,, horrible breakfast, unfriendly reception staff. Windows dont open, air con very noisy. Lots a little things that ruined our anniversary.	
Aug 11 2009 	GREAT RESTUARANT/GREAT HOTEL	I stayed at the lonon tara for three nights at the end of july. This is a great hotel and a superb Brasserie Restuarant. This is the place to eat and try the fillet steak it is great. The wine is very good but what makes this restuarant is the staff. They are pleasant and courteous and very helpful to the guests. It is people like them that make a hotel good. So when you visit you will see what i mean. this was a great experience from arrival to departure. highly recommended	
Aug 6 2009 	I would stay here again	I was a bit apprehensive at staying in this hotel, after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor, but I was pleasantly surprised. We asked and got a free upgrade to the club room for our four night stay. Our rooms were very dated decor, but were clean and a/c worked. We found the staff to be very helpful, we dined in the Bugis restaurant one night and found it to be excellent. We enjoyed our nightly night cap in the hotel bar. The location was excellent. I would stay here again in the Club rooms.	
Aug 4 2009 	dont other hotels around are better or b\bs	three night stay, first night not good , ciggy burns on floor, fans under window going all the time, small bed, cant open windows, a\c belching all night. rang down but girl on desk said the bed was ok and cou;d not understand much english, spoke with manager nice and helpful got us a better room with a double that fits two adults, still cant open windows, a\c still purring away not much sleep again , third night much the same , breakfast was just ok ,not much left at 10 oclock, me going home for a rest,next time i am 30 years married i am going to stay some where else????????,	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Location but Rooms need serious updating	We chose this hotel for its great location, walking distance to Kensington Palace and easy walk to tube and buses. And location was great...but I struggle with the rest. For a hotel in such a prime location, the interiors were anything but prime. The rooms were clean, and the bed was comfy, but everything else about the room was tatty. The bath/shower was stained (from wear and tear), furniture had chunks out of it, the carpet was becoming threadbare, the decor was original (early 80s?). It was hard to picture that this was every a good hotel from its style. Staff were ok, they helped when asked, but the hole place from reception to bar never felt welcoming. What you get here in an average service, with a great location, and thats what you pay for. If you need somewhere to stopover, fine, but if you want a romantic break...its not here.	
Jul 31 2009 	Best hotel location in London!	Club room - fab view!Well worth upgrading to club room (a guest told me that any room below 10/11 isn't as nice!)Quick check in time - really fast and efficient (a plus for the tired traveller!)Everything you need is in this hotel!A shop that sells everything!A cafe with latte and muffins and access to the internet (great to check your emails or send a message back home or to book a London tour on line!) £1.00 for x amount of minutesA bureau d. exchange a cash point and a place to book theatre tickets(they really have thought of everything!)A taxi rank sits just across the road - wave to them and the cab will drive right up to the door!Leave the hotel turn left walk straight up to KENSINGTON HIGH STREET!(All the usual shops with some unique shops peppered in between!)Including a Tesco supermarket for provisions!Bill Wyman's (he of The Rolling Stones) cafe STICKY FINGERS is just a few minutes away and has a friendly atmos.and good music! (Watch out for the £2.50 service charge)Don't tip TWICE!Turn right at Kensington High Street keep walking and you will reach The Albert Hall, keep going and you will reach Harrods and Harvey Nichols!A nice brisk walk in Summer with plenty to see on route!The hotel is busy but incredibly peaceful and relaxed for such a big place.I stayed here back in the 80's - but it was nothing like present day - a welcome surprise!A hidden gem!	
Jul 30 2009 	Thank Goodness I upgraded to a Club Room	Stayed here for a last minute trip to Wimbledon and decided to upgrade to a Club Room to get oen of the high floors. Thank goodness I did because if thats the quality fo the upgraded rooms god knows what their normal rooms are like.Noisy Air Conditioning, funny smells in the room, just lets say not the best experience. As for the Private Club Room, what a joke that was. The first day for breakfast it was full, and we were papped into the main breakfast hall full of screaming kids, exactly what I wanted to avoid.On return from Wimbledon, at about 10PM, we went into the club room for a coffee and found the place like a tip. It had not been cleaned and wasn;t cleaned the whole time we were there. I also asked them to change the TV channel to somethign other than question time and they told me they couldn;t.The problems mainly occurred to the lack of english speaking staff. The usual problem in London. They say they can speak english, but unfortunately they don;t understand it when someone speaks back to them.If you are staying in London, try the Harrington Hall first, its much better	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice hotel in the centre of Bayswater	This is a nice four star hotel in the heart of Bayswater / Lancaster Gate in London W2, near to Marble Arch, Oxford Street and not far from Notting Hill, Kensington High Street and Knightsbridge. The hotel is very compact and centrally located. I stayed one night with a friend. The room was quality furnished and roomy and we had a nice breakfast which was well done and nice to eat. The sleep was comfortable with plenty of towels though parking is difficult. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying overnight in the West End to see a play at the theatre or if you are exploring the shops in the West End or at Whitleys in Queensway which is near by.	
Jul 24 2009 	OK hotel in a great location	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara Kensington for 4 nights in mid-July. The hotel is in a great location - less than a block from the Kensington High Street tube station. We could get to most everything we wanted to do with a 20 minute tube ride. In addition, there are lots of places to eat, drink and shop in the Kensington High Street area. The area has a non-touristy, residential feel to it which is a nice break after spending the days fighting tourist crowds. We had a room on the 5th floor and it was very, very quiet even though the hotel was quite full. The room itself was a little worn but was very spacious. There was plenty of room in the closet and in the room itself. There was a mini-fridge, a small table, coffee/tea facilities, and a small desk but still had plenty of room to move around. There was a section of very worn carpet that was duct taped and the room had a funny smell. I'm not sure if it was really old smoke smell or the cleaning products used in the room, but the smell lingered on articles of clothing in my suitcase well into our vacation. The bathroom was very roomy with a full sized bathtub and plenty of counter space. The front desk and other employees were very friendly. The only problem we had was our wake up call never came one morning. Thankfully it didn't affect our plans for the day. We didn't eat at the restaurant or go to the hotel bar so I can't comment on them. Overall, I was pleased with the Copthorne Tara Kensington hotel and would stay there again the next time we're in London.	
Jul 22 2009 	Clean Hotel and Helpful Staff	Just stayed at this hotel and I was happy with my stay (get the Club rooms if you can). The complimentary continental breakfast and drinks during the evening were nice. My room was cleaned and when I had a problem with the toilet, a staff member came to fix it right away. Some other member posted about the trains behind the hotel. I can see that would be a problem if you were on a lower floor, but it didn't bother me (maybe because I live in NYC and noise is constant). Will stay again in October.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location but Hotel not 4 star!	This Hotel is in a great position to get nearly anywhere relatively easy. The rooms are old and worn. Stayed there 4 nights and the sheets were never changed!	
Jul 18 2009 	A place to rest after a long day of traveling.	I requested a room on the higher levels -- someone advised through a TripAdvisor review to get a room higher up, so we got a room on the 5th floor. Rooms are a bit outdated probably because the hotel has been around for a while. The pictures that people had updated on TripAdvisor (of the rooms and bathroom of the Copthorne Tara) are pretty accurate and you can expect the same. Service quality at the reception and Guest Services really vary depending on who is sitting behind the desk. Some were cordial, others were not so much. Internet charges are pretty steep (24 hours = £10). If you're desperate, there's an Internet cafe off the lobby that charges £1 per 10 minutes. The hotel is on the High Street Kensington tube stop and it's about a quick walk from the hotel. There's a Whole Foods market a few blocks up as well.Our itinerary was pretty packed and we didn't come back to the room until we were ready to hang up our coats for the day. Beds and pillows are not the best, but considering the great value we got on the room, we weren't complaining.	
Jul 15 2009 	enjoyable experience	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara June 9-13, 2009. Previous review s left us very unsure about what kind of place we would find but we really enjoyed our experience. We stayed in a club room and enjoyed the breakfast and other services provided by the club room choice. We agree with other reviews that this is not a 4-star place but it is very good for the price. We ate at the hotel restaurants and found the food and service to be very good. Yes, expensive, but it is London and everything is expensive. We especially enjoyed the room's cleaniliness, the friendly staff, and Mr. Philip Ong's recommendations for dinners at the Bugis Street Restaurant. We would definitely make a return visit to the Copthorne Tara.Visitors from Washington state, Ron and Judy	
Jul 13 2009 	Nice hotel with excellent service	Stayed for 2 nights in a double room, which was starting to show a few signs of age, but I would still recommend this hotel. The friendliness and attentiveness of the staff made it a winner in my book. It is located only a few minutes walk from the tube station or bus stop. We were able to buy cut price theatre tickets and travelcards in the lobby which was very convenient. Breakfast was fine,although lacking a bigger selection of cold meats and cheese (didn't bother me as I went for the cooked option) I would stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Was OK for what we wanted!	Travelled to London to see Oasis at Wembley Arena. We wanted a good location and a clean hotel room. Both of these were fulfilled. The room itself wasnt anything special and the staff were helpful and friendly. We got back to the hotel at midnight and the key wouldn't work, a quick trip to reception sorted it out.The view was of the railway which was uninspiring but your in London there's plenty to see outside the hotel.Our only criticism was the aircon kept making a knocking noise which sounded like somebody knocking on the window. We were on the 4th floor so that was weird.As for staying again, yes i would but only for the right price!	
Jul 10 2009 	Full service - Older but Good Value	The Copthorne Tara got some poor reviews a couple years ago, mainly about maintenance issues. But it appeared to me that the hotel has mostly put things in order. This is probably a 25-30 year-old property (I was last there about 15 years ago), so it's not fresh and new, but it's &quot;comfortable&quot;. A good value for the money (depending on the season and what you pay). There's some minor wear, but not bad. The rooms are large enough, the cafe/bar is spacious and attractive, and best of all, it's in the highly desireable Kensington neighborhood. Better yet, the Copthorne is on a quiet cul-de-sac a full block away from bustling Kensington High Street with all it's shopping and restaurants, so there's convenient access without the traffic noise. It's an older business hotel that shows its age a little, but it has every amenity. Overall, I thought it was a nice hotel at a good value (the one exception being the aggressive £10/day internet charge, since many of us are traveling on our own money and not on a corporate expense account), but it's a good location, just a stone's throw from the Underground station. Would definitely return.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not Worth the Money	Booked a room here because of a good stay I had a few years ago. We quickly found the place has gone downhill since. When we opened the door, we were greeted by an almost overwhelming stench of cleaning supplies and a faint odor of urine near the bathroom. The carpet was worn to hell and coming up in some places. The window overlooked the train tracks, but they were hardly visible through the dirt that had collected on the outside of the windows. On the table was a proudly displayed list of pay-per-view TV available in the room. 9 movies featured prominently, 3 of which were mainstream. The other 6 were pornos with names like &quot;Some Dicks Just Don't Fit&quot; and something I can't remember, but it definitely included the word &quot;juggs&quot;. Great family fun. Or, rather, lonely business man in London.We quickly went down to the reception to complain and change rooms. We were offered a &quot;deal&quot; to upgrade to &quot;nicer&quot; room on a higher floor, that also included access to the &quot;club lounge&quot; which offered breakfast and free beer and wine between 6:45 and 8:15 every evening. The room upstairs had odd odor and a faint urine smell near the bathroom and the same Porn-per-view offering. Classy. The room was a bit bigger and a great view, but also very worn - black spots on the carpet marked where bubble gum had once fallen years ago. The water in the bathroom came out as if we were the first ones to turn on the water in a few months. However, we felt whisked into the 20th century by the &quot;amenities&quot; this &quot;club level room offered: there was a mixer tap (which means you could get warm water from the faucet instead of two separate faucets - one for freezing and the other for scalding) and cable internet with speeds sufficient so that videos online did not pose a tempting alternative to the pay-per-porn. The room might, just might, be worth it if you are able drink yourselves into a stupor for an hour and a half every evening, but unfortunately we only managed to make the drinks one night out of four.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great location cheap getting a little shoddy definitely not 4 star.....'	I have stayed here twice this year. It's a great rate for a London hotel (paid 80 pounds a night), but is definitely not 4 stars. The carpets in our room had torn away from the walls and lay wrinkled up into the middle of the entryway - you could see the dusty concrete floors around the edges. The room was also a little dusty, and I found a couple of hairs in there. Definitely a little grotty and worse for wear. Also, if you are a light sleeper, make sure you request the quiet side of the hotel, as one side is directly above the railway lines and hearing London trains frequently rumble by is hardly relaxing. Even though I was a little disappointed with the room, I will still give this place 3 stars as it's good on price, location, and the lobby/ facilities (although the printer didn't work in their internet cafe). Might try somewhere else next time though, as I think there are better tube lines to be on than the district/ circle lines of High Street Kensington (Picadilly/ Central/ Victoria lines are more convenient for central London).	
Jul 6 2009 	good hotel	We got this hotel for a steal on Pricline.com (about $80/night). It is a (lower-end) 4-star hotel. Overall it was clean and comfortable. The location is great, just a short walk down a quiet street behind the High-Street Kensington tube station. Kensington Park is just about 10 minutes away, and there is a Whole Foods market on the way! The room included a t.v. and a hair dryer.	
Jul 5 2009 	Fine - but don't use the phones	Most of the reviews here are pretty much spot-on. The hotel is fine - not great and not bad. If you just want a clean room with basic amenities like concierge service, on-site restaurant, etc., you'll be fine. But I will warn you, don't use the in-room phones. They charged us about two pounds per minute for local calls to cell phones, without making this very clear beforehand. We paid about a hundred dollars in phone calls for about 30 min worth of calls to local friends. This is obviously a total rip-off, but the management didn't seem to care and explained that calls to mobile phones are expensive. Considering this is 2009 and not 1989, I'm not sure why local calls to mobile phones should be so expensive. They should do something about this. But otherwise, we enjoyed our stay the first week in July. The neighborhood is nice and, like I said, the hotel is nice overall. The rooms (and bed) are small for US standards, but again, pretty decent for London. The High Street Kensington tube stop is nearby and has groceries, small stores, etc. But they don't stay open very late so get what you need beforehand. We thought the store selling pasties was particularly good. I would avoid caffe nero. I ordered an iced coffee and they gave me a cup of ice filled with hot coffee.	
Jul 3 2009 	Comfortable Clean 	The Copthorne Tara Hotel was a nice place to stay for our holiday in London. It was an easy walk to the High Street Kensington Tube station. The front desk folks were courteous. We felt safe in the area in which the hotel was located. It could use some updating on a few items, but it was adequate for our stay. We were on the go most of the time we were in London and basically needed a place to sleep and clean up. We would stay there again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice hotel meal and bar service needs improvement	We first stayed at the hotel in 1991 and were very impressed. The rooms were nice at that time and the breakfast was great with fresh cream at the table to put on the fruit. We were looking forward to returning and were disappointed in that the room and breakfast were not up to the previous visit. The food in the restaurant (rack of lamb) was very good, but the service was slow as was the bar service in the two times we visited there. The food prices were reasonable and discounts were available. The underground station is about a 5 minute walk and there are a lot of shops in the area. The staff is helpful and pleasant and discount theater and sightseeing tickets are available in the lobby.	
Jun 26 2009 	disappointing breakfast	stayed in this hotel 3 -4 years ago and it was very good, especially the full English breakfast, in fact changed hotels (from Hilton Olympia) to Copthorne Tara because of the far superior breakfast / service.In London May 2009 and dragged partner across city in rush hour to go for a breakfast to die for at Copthorne Tara and was badly disappointed as follows:*1 full English and 1 continental breakfast cost £30 and at that price was very poor value*there was no where to hang coats other than a 100 metre plus walk for me to do it myself*the range of the breakfast was poor, no black pudding, no mushrooms, no freshly cooked eggs, no tomatoes*the plates were not hot*no newspaper available*coffee forgetableCan only assume that the hotel has changed hands and in the process standards have slipped.Internet seervice very expensive at £1 for 15 minutes and most machines unserviceable in cafe	
Jun 25 2009	Travelling with mom	THE GOOD:The hotel is a five or ten minute walk from the Tube.The Tube station has lots of good food.The room was clean and the bathtub was deep.We could see the Eye from our room.Room service was good and prompt.We found a great deal on Orbitz and only paid $95 per room per night.THE BAD:I reserved a wheelchair for my mother before we arrived, but when we got there all they had was a showerchair on wheels--it didn't work well to get my mother around.Our window, overlooking the Eye, was very dirty.	
Jun 23 2009 	Will recommend this hotel.	The room was good. The size is good for European hotels. The location was close to underground (tube). The only issue we had was the maid for the first 2 nights - didn't replace the 2nd set of towels and replaced the liquid body soap with shampoo. We had to ask for the 2nd set of towels on the 3rd night. The fourth night we were there (on Saturday), they had a different maid and did everything correctly. All in all, we do recommend the hotel even with the maid issue.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Location for City Break	Spent 1 night here in June having got 3 rooms at a good rate through Priceline.Had phoned ahead to request 2 doubles and 1 twin but reception were not aware of this so my son and mother-in-law had to share a double room as there were no twins available. Coupled to this, one of the double rooms absolutely stunk of cigarette smoke (despite being a non-smoking room). However, to their credit, reception did find another room on the same floor.The rooms were spotless and comfortable, although were quite warm and the air quite dry (probably due to the AC).Location was perfect, just off Kensington High Street on the Circle and District lines.We weren't really in the hotel long - we arrived at about 10.00pm and left at 9.00pm the next morning. We didn't eat at the hotel, instead having dinner at the Dutch pancake house in Kensington and taking breakfast at the Muffin Man round the corner (recommended).Overall, would stay there again (at the right price).	
Jun 19 2009 	good three star but not four	great location just several minutes walk from the tube plush lobby and surronding areas room although very clean was without doubt very worn and now looking its age ( we stayed on the 6th floor )furniture very dated and heavily marked great idea to have the fridge in the room and the room itself a good size breakfast pretty basic (would have expected more from a four star ) staff first rate and very helpful secured great tickets from the concerage and again we where well looked after bar service was slow but had a good selection of drinks - balked at the cost of wine £8.00 per glass - still its london	
Jun 15 2009 	Perfect Location Clean and Comfortable.	The best feature of this hotel is the location. It tucked away in a quiet spot, but just a 3 minute walk to the South Kensignton tube station. In the mornings, I would get up early and walk through Kensington Gardens. It's just 10 minutes by tube to Westminster. You save so much money by staying a bit further away, and get quite a bit of quality for that money at the Copthorne Tara Hotel. My friend and I stayed on the 5th floor in a standard 2 twin room. The room was budget quality, but clean, comfortable and quiet. I never heard the train that passed by right outside our window. It was nice to have some space to spread out- two beds, a dresser, two chairs, a desk, large bathroom and a huge closet. The customer service was excellent throughout our 4 night stay, even when we checked in at 3am. The front desk team was quick with check in and check out. The guest services folks provided great advice on travel and sightseeing. We bought our tub epasses at the desk in the hotel, but we did find better rates on theater tickets at the TKTS booth in town so we didn't purchase those in the hotel. We splurged on room service which was way overpriced as was the bar food downstairs. I made our reservation through the hotel's website which was a cheaper rate than I found on hotels.com. For 79 GBP per night, this was a London steal. I would stay here again any time!	
Jun 15 2009 	The bloom is off the rose for this returning guest	I stayed at the Copthorne Tara is 2003 and 2005 and was very pleased. It is a great location in an excellent neighborhood. I was disappointed this visit. I had a room on the first floor for my four night stay. It had a slight odor when I first entered. The air conditioning was barely functional. I left it full on and the room temp wavered between 72-77 degrees Farhenheit ( my travel alarm has a thermometer). The tv remote was a puzzle. I booked directly with the hotel on their website and felt certain I would therefore have a nice room. I must admit that I did not voice my disappointment and even though I did consider requesting a different room I decided that since I did not plan on spending much time in the room (I was vising London, not the hotel room !) I would just ride it out.The good aspects- housekeeping did a very nice job, the in-room refrigerator was great. Will I stay there next time . I am uncertain.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great location friendly helpful staff.	I booked this hotel thru Priceline and was happy with the Hotel and price I paid considering how expensive I had heard London was. Unfortunately the Priceline room was a basic room. Once I considered the cost of Breakfast and Internet (which I would use), I decided it would be better to upgrade to a premium room which was a nicer room, on a higher floor (better view), and included breakfast, highspeed internet, and evening drinks in lounge til 8pm.Staff was very friendly and helpful.Short walk to Kensington High Street tube station and/or bus #9 or #10 which go to great locations for tourists. Also bus #702 which was 45 min ride to Windsor Castle.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great stay at Copthorne Tara	From the very mixed reviews, I can only assume that the rooms in this hotel must vary greatly. We were fortunate to be upgraded to an eleventh floor(club floor) room. The room was large and attractively furnished. It was a very nice room - nothing was shabby or dated. The location was pleasant and convenient - a short walk to the tube station. The front desk staff and the concierge staff were all helpful and pleasant. There are enough elevators so we never had to wait. Our six day stay here in late May/early June was delightful. We were very pleased - and relieved.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great for us	We were very happy here. It's not glamorous, but it was perfect for us. We got a great deal on priceline. The location was great- it's very close to the High Street Kensington Tube stop. And walking distance to Kensington Palace and Gardens. The rooms were clean and the lobby was nice. We bought our Tower of London tickets in the Lobby and were able to skip the huge ticket line at the Tower.The water pressure in the showers was great and there was plenty of hot water (be careful it gets VERY hot!) Free wifi at McDonalds across from the tube.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Value	I have stayed at the Copthorne Tara twice in the last 2 years. Both times it was booked through Priceline, so they were really good deals.Overall the hotel is great. Although the location may not be as central as could be, being off High Street Kensington, so you would need to rely on the tube or the buses (especially late nights), however the hotel is only a short 3 minute walk to High St. Kensington Station.The rooms are always clean. Air conditioning in room works great, especially in my last trip where it was rather warm in London. So it was a relief to be back in the hotel after sweating it out on the non AC buses/trains. The only comments I have for it, is that although this trip, I was travelling alone, I was still given a room with 2 single beds, which is really strange, because the beds are very narrow. I nearly fell over once, when I climbed onto it too quickly.Also the housekeeping does not change your sheet every time, but that's not a big deal for me, since I was on my own, and was only staying for a few days.The in room internet is a bit pricy at 10 pounds/24 hour. Even the internet at the cafe downstairs is just as expensive. 1 pound only gives you about 10 min. access. I would not hesitate to stay at the Copthrone again next time I am in London.	
Jun 6 2009 	just as it should be	I have stayed here twice because of good price from priceline. I expected a lot worse due to some of the reviews on this property.First, I like the Kensington neighborhood. Second, I like a hotel not too far from the tube. Third, quiet clean rooms with good beds make my stay pleasant. This property has it all. The non-smoking rooms are nothing special, but they are just fine. The location seems a bit odd but actually works well if one is looking for quiet. The property sits on a cul de sac one longish block from the Kensington High Street Tube station. The staff on both occassions was friendly and competent. I would recommend this property to anyone looking for a moderately priced room.	
Jun 6 2009 	Enjoyable Days	My wife and I are senior citezens. We have certain needs, like lift, internet, restaurants, location, etc. Allthese were available in this hotel. The value for price ratio was excellent. We had paid from 9, April for 10 days but due to flight problem we came on 1o, April, 2009 at the hotel. The staff was very, very co operative and refund one day's charges. The food and breakfast were excellent. Thai restaurant was not only too good but the pricing was great. We ate five times in this thai cookery and had brekfast all the days. The day we arrived the reception offered us breakfast though that night was not paid for. We will stay in this hotel all the time we go to London ,if room is availabe.	
Jun 3 2009 	GREAT Hotel!!	I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and it was an absolute pleasure. Very nice atmosphere (lobby, elevators, hallways etc). Rooms were clean and a nice size I stayed with one other person and we had a room with 2 twin beds. Just enough space for the both of us, yet it didn't feel crammed. Beds are VERY comfortable.All hotel staff were very courteous and the staff at the Hotel Services desk was very helpful with my many inquires about everything from how to get to a destination, to what time a show started. They even went online a few times for me look-up various information.I also found the phone charging station and low cost internet services (1 pound for 10 or 20 mins) to be very convenient.The only thing that I would advise guests NOT to use is the Cash Machine in the hotel, as it charges a fee. There's Cash Machines very close by (such as the one right next to the McDonalds on High Street) that does not charge a fee. This hotel is in a GREAT location. Very close to shops and the High Street Tube station. This hotel was much more than I expected. I will definitely be staying here again during my next trip to London!!	
May 26 2009 	Good Value for What I Paid	I visit London almost every year after meetings in the Oxford area. I stayed at this hotel last weekend, and was pleased with the location. As other travelers have mentioned, the hotel rooms are tired and badly in need of an update. However, for what I paid on Priceline, it was fine. The Positives: Nice lobby; good location; clean, non-smoking room.The Negatives: - Reserved Dot2Dot transfer back to Heathrow Airport with Concierge staff two days in advance (the Dot2Dot pamphlets were displayed at the Concierge desk; no other transfer company was featutred). The morning of my departure, I again confirmed the pick-up with the Concierge on duty. Dot2Dot never showed up nor contacted the hotel. I mention this because I was told by the Concierge who eventually arranged a taxi for us that &quot;yes, this is the second time this week that Dot2Dot hasn't shown up&quot;. Especially during a recession when companies are vying for business, is it time for the hotel to feature a different transportation company???- We waited almost 45 minutes for two appetizers (garlic bread) in their half-empty restaurant Saturday evening, and were finally told the chef was carefully preparing it. Guess the waiter thought we were just dumb Americans who would buy that story??Considering this is a large tour group and conference hotel, our stay was fine. Would I recommend it to friends? Unfortunately, probably not.	
May 22 2009 	Fine hotel	Stayed here with a large group to take part in a BBC programme.Decent hotel, with loads of rooms.Fine place to stay	
May 21 2009 	Ok for the price	I was pretty happy with this hotel. The bed was comfortable and linens clean. The room itself had peeling paint in a few areas (particularly the bathroom ceiling), and looked quite worn &amp; dated. The bathroom in particular needed updating. Having said that it was a perfectly adequate hotel for what I needed, and the price was good for the location. The check in was fine. I did not have any noise problems, but that may have been due to considerate neighbours. I would stay here again on business.	
May 19 2009 	Great location fabulous staff and the price is right	I recently spent two nights here, and was very satisfied. The location, two blocks from the Kensington High underground station, was convenient - an easy trip from Heathrow Airport. The hotel is on a cul-de-sac, therefore very quiet, and the staff was consistently courtious and helpful. I had access to a lounge area with free internet, complimentary wine and soft drinks in the late afternoon, and delicious continental breakfast. My room was large and comfortable, although the bathroom was very outdated (formica walls), and the room furniture was low quality and had seen better days. Despite that, I'd definately stay here again.	
May 13 2009 	Great value for your Priceline dollar	After reading dozens of reviews on 2- and 3-star London hotels, and not finding anything that I wanted to stay in, based on comments like the hotel has bedbugs, cockroaches and doesn't change sheets between guests, I turned to Priceline, putting in a bid of $65/night plus taxes for a 4-star in Kensington, figuring that a 4-star wouldn't have these problems.. We got the London Tara Kensington, which was super! Wonderful location, a 3-minute walk from the High Street Kensington tube station. Very clean. Very helpful staff. This rate does not include breakfast, but they give you discount coupons if you want to eat in one of their restaurants. They do put some pressure on you to upgrade your room for approximately $60/night more, but we declined. Even though check-in is at 3 p.m., they allowed us to check in at 12:30 p.m., for no extra charge.	
May 13 2009 	Not very impressing	We stayed for 4 nights. I tried to contact the hotel by email but my request was never handled to the reception. Anyway, at the desk we asked (due to my husbands sick-leave) to have as silent room as possible. The receptionist said that there are 2 options, to take the 9th floor facing trail tracks or 4th at the opposite site. I asked which one is more silent and the answer was &quot;I don't now, I have never been there&quot;. Not in a very polite manner...So we took the wrong one, 9th foor room. The room was tired and smelled and first thing we had to do was to call the maintainence man to open the sink. Our bed was really tiny. The first night we stayed awake listening the trains and then the minibar. Minibar's compressor was very loud. At 7 am I went downstairs and asked, if we could change to the opposite site and to room with no minibar. Receptionist said that it could be arranged by 3 pm and asked us to pack our luggage. Around 3 o'clock we asked the new room. The other receptionist didn't find any information about the chance. He went and asked and finally, after some further discussions, was able to assign the 1st floor room. This room was silent and better with scent of fresh air. We didn't have the minibar, but empty fridge. We could now turn of the fridge, so no problem with the noise anymore. Also we had decent size bed. Actually I asked for that earlier, but the receptionist said that all the beds are at the same size (I didn't believe it then either). So the rest of our stay was more pleasant. One day we where told that the reception have adaptors. So I went there and (as polite as I could) asked, if they could I borrow one. The answer was again plain and rudish: we don't have adaptors...no politeness or friendliness there again. Last night we asked if we could check out in advance. The receptionist just checked the computer and told, that our bill was already paid. We asked if everything is ok then, and she told, &quot;yes ok, thanks&quot;. Nothing else. Maybe the policy is to keep to difficult custumer away by this lack of manners:) Anyway, I have to say that the dark male and the blond-haired female receptionist were much more polite than the two female dark-haired (pony-tailed) we were unfortunate to met. I guess hotels 4 stars is based on the many services hotel can provide. The tired rooms were not near 4 stars standards - even though they were spacious in London standards. The best was of course the location.I've visited London 29 times. Hotels have been 1-5 stars rated. So my review is based on some experience what to expect.	
May 11 2009	Good Hotel In Excellent Location.	I got a great rate on Priceline.com for this hotel. I requested a 4 star hotel and this one came up. I don't think it should be a 4 star but rather a 3. For the price that I paid it was an excellent hotel. The room was small (by American standards) but it had everything that you could want and was very clean. The bathroom was a little dated but everything worked and it was clean - and that's the main thing. The light switches were different to normal hotels but it really didn't take much to work it out. The refrigerator was a big help as the hotel charged 10 pounds for breakfast every day. I went to a local grocers and bought some milk and cereals and was set for the week - the hotel provides a kettle and tea and coffee. When I arrived at my room my television set did not work. I rang down to reception and within 5 minutes a maintenance man was knocking on my door. After fiddling with the tv set for a couple of minutes, he said he would be back. Ten minutes later he was back with a new television set, plugged it in and off he went. Very good service. We ordered room service once which took about 30 minutes to arrive (average). The food was excellent and not bad value for money. If I was to visit London again I would definitely consider coming to this hotel again. The proximity to High Street Kensington tube station and the shops was excellent. All in all a very good vacation.	
May 11 2009 	Loved it!	I stayed at the Copthorne for a long weekend and I have to say it was favourably impressed. I did book in spite of some not too positive fbs, but I have to say the room was clean and spacious, the hotel is perfectly located in the very heart of London. I'm already planning on going back.	
May 1 2009 	Very nice hotel in a great location for an unbelievable price	This is a very nice 4 star hotel right off of Kensington High Street. Very clean with nice decor. Nice and helpful staff. This hotel is the best value for money I have seen in central London. Views from my window were over Royal Albert Hall and the London Eye. Very easy parking right below the hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	This is a decent hotel	We stayed at Copthorne Tara Hotel in April 09 for four nights and liked it. We recommend people to get off at High Street Kensington Metro station. On our first day, we got off at Gloucester Road accidentally and it took about 20-30 mins to find the hotel (since we had no idea where we were going) The hotel itself looked a lot older than the photo I saw on the Copthorne Tara Hotel website. I could not identify the hotel when I arrived but our room looked decent.I heard that trains (metro) going by occasionally but it did not bother us much. (I believe we were at 9th flr.)Our bathroom looked a little old. There were soaps and a shampoo bottle but was no conditioner so I had to go to a grocery store (fairly big one) nearby called Sainsbury's on 158a Cromwell Road (about 10 mins walk from the hotel toward Gloucester Road metro station). We went there every day to buy bottled water and checked out grocery products we had never seen. (They open mostly 24hrs except for Monday opens at 8am, Saturday closes at 10pm and Sunday between 11am-5pm. ) The location was great. Natural History Museum and Victoria Albert Museum were walking distance (we walked Cromwell Road all the way) and we even had a nice walk to Harrods department store.	
Apr 18 2009 	Quality hotel worth the money	I would rank this hotel higher if it weren't for the service. It seems like service across the UK is a bit lower (sorry), so perhaps this is standard. But I drove from elsewhere in England to get to the hotel, and the GPS took me to the wrong place. When calling the hotel, no one had any idea how to get to the hotel from literally three minutes away. I sat on hold forever only to get dismissive service.Upon finding the hotel, it was nice, not as nice as Millennium/Copthorne properties in other upscale, similar sized US cities (like LA), but certainly passable. The lobby is nothing special but is at the standards of a 3.5-star hotel. Check in service was prompt and generally fine, although the front desk refuses to help with any directions, etc. For that, the more surly guest services is required.I was given a very nice room based on my earlier requests. The rooms are spacious and have a comfortable bed. Unlike some hotels, there is plenty of storage space. The bathroom isn't too big, but isn't cramped either. The appliances are a bit old, and the TV hasn't been replaced in some time, but everything worked properly. Being from the US, we are used to larger room and this seemed like a US standard room. Again, I had expected slightly better because of the brand standard here, but I was certainly not disappointed.I did have some trouble with the water flow by the 3rd of five days, both on the sink and shower, and they sent someone up who didn't really fix the problem. It wasn't a huge issue, although they didn't seem to do much about it.By booking 28 days in advance, I got an excellent rate that included breakfast for myself. I had a guest 2 of the 5 nights and got an almost 50% discount on their breakfast. I wouldn't have paid for the breakfast, but included, it was certainly fine. For the value this hotel offers, I would definitely recommend it. It is about a 5-minute walk from the High St. Kensington station and a reasonable walk from Earl's Court and perhaps 1-2 other stations. I was there over Easter weekend and a lot of Underground lines were closed the first few days, but during a normal time, High St. offers both District and Circle Line service which means you should have an easy time getting to a number of common places without much changing.Not a 5-star hotel, but it is in an upscale area, near transportation, and has passable accomodations. Definitely worth it for someone who has a higher standard but doesn't require the absolute best, nor wants to pay for it.	
Apr 14 2009 	Fantastic 4* hotel in central London - excellent value for money	I stayed in this hotel for a night. I work away from home for long periods, and being self employed, dont have my expenses paid by a big consultancy. I had been staying in a cheap B+B, which saves money, but doesnt enable you to relax at night.This hotel is truly fantastic. Bed and room wise, spot on. It was clean, quiet, and I got a very good nights sleep. The restaurant and menu was fantastic- probably too good! Very reasonable, and staff very friendly indeed. Definitely a place to stay in central London that is a reasonable home from home.I also had a deep tissue massage after doing my back in at the health club. Best £35 I spend on myself. The girl used her elbow up and down my back, sometimes to the point that I nearly audibly complained. But it was that type of &quot;doing you good feeling&quot;, and made a big difference.Location wise, nice view, I was so tired that I didnt go too far, but there are lots of shops nearby.Will be staying again three nights this week, and having had a very busy weekend working in my garden, I cant wait until my head hits the pillow tonight.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel for the money	We just returned from staying at the Copthorne for a week and agree with the last reviewer that it was excellent value for the money. We also stayed through a Priceline bid (though not quite as good as theirs) paying $90 per night. We found the staff was very attentive and professional. There was a mix-up in room accomodations (they had put us into a twin instead of a double) which the receptionist took care of immediately and without any hassle. As it turned out, the room was actually larger than we had imagined and quite spacious by European standards. (Anyone who thinks these rooms are small hasn't been to Italy ) The bath was a standard size with tub and shower combo (very long tub) and plenty of hot water and great water pressure. The bed was more a queen size than double and even though the train runs behind the hotel we never heard it. The proximity to the tube station was wonderful. All in all a great place to stay our first time in London!	
Apr 8 2009 	a very good price/quality ratio	we went to London on a week end holiday.the hotel was well located (not very easy to find for the first time!) the rooms were well furnished and clean.The TV unfortunately hadn't any foreign station available. the price (owing to a 3 night stay promotion) was good indeed. The railway line nearby wasn't disturbing. The breakfast price was rather high,but there was a low price bar available too.	
Mar 26 2009 	The Tara: A little worn a little busy but lots to love at $65-$85 per night	The Copthorne Tara Hotel is a large (800 plus rooms) hotel conveniently located three blocks south of the High Street Kensington tube station. It is a busy hotel which caters to airline crews, tourist groups, and conventioneers.Rather than leave rooms empty, the Tara wisely sells off excess capacity through bidding at priceline.com, at rates that would make any guest happy (we paid $65 plus taxes for week nights, and $85 plus taxes for weekend nights). In reading hotel reviews before our trip, I gathered that disappointed Tara guests were those who paid much higher rates. Although the woodwork and carpets show a little wear since this is a busy (but well-maintained) hotel, the rooms are comfortable and pleasantly decorated. An iron and ironing board, an empty mini-fridge, and a tea/coffee-making cupboard add to the convenience of the rooms.The bathrooms are small but functional, with a tub long enough for tall people and a shower with excellent water pressure. The east-facing rooms overlook the rails of the underground system, but noise is not a problem due to double glazed windows. On our final night our room was surrounded by a group of school boys, but they were active but well-behaved ,and were quiet by 11pm.Breakfast is not included in the priceline rate, but the front desk has weekday vouchers for a L10 ($15) full breakfast. The Asian cafe (called Bugis Street after the locale in Singapore) has a weekday stir-fry lunch special at L6.50 ($10) for soup, main, and dessert. We did not try the full breakfast, but were very happy with the lunch special.The receptionist was rigid about early arrivals and room assignments. Check-in before 3pm was available for a L30 ($45) surcharge. A king bed (rather than twins) was available at a L40 ($60) surcharge as part of their upgraded (top two floors) room package. We opted to leave our bags with the concierge (many guests do) and visit the National Gallery (which is about 30 minutes door to door by tube) until regular check-in time.We had considered staying nearer to central London in Mayfair or Belgravia, but preferred the better shopping and restaurant options in Kensington. There is a Marks and Spencer adjacent to the HS Kensington tube station, and the Tesco supermarket one block west has even lower prices. The McD's across the street from the tube station has a player grand piano and fresh roses at each table, which we found fun for afternoon snacks. The cheap internet cafe (Easyinternet) appears to have gone out of business -- we used the hotel's coin-operated computers at L1 per 10 minutes (15 cents per minute).The Tara staff seemed very helpful and eager to please. For example, when the coin slot on the internet computer jammed, the concierge called the internet provider, who immediately gave me free access. When there were no safe deposit boxes left at the desk (there are no room safes), the manager volunteered to provide a sealed envelope and storage in the hotel safe.When arriving from LHR, allow an hour on the Picadilly Line and change for the northbound District Line at Earls Court station since that is one of the few elevator-equipped stations, which is convenient for those with luggage. We got a seven day travel pass (also available in shorter denominations) for the central zone, and added a round trip (zone 1-6) for the LHR connections. This pass is encoded on the new &quot;Oyster&quot; cards, which are read as one passes through the tube gates. One can also add a supplementary ticket for the Waterloo-Hampton trains for Hampton Court Palace, our favorite day trip near London.Keep in mind when returning to LHR at the end of your stay that tube trains alternate between LHR terminals 4 and 5 (all stop at 1,2, and 3). Simply change for the correct train one or two stations before LHR.Although reviews for the Tara have been mixed, we were very pleasured with our week-long stay there At the price we paid, we would return happily.	
Mar 24 2009 	Long Corridors	I attended an International Music Biz Conference at the Kensington Park Hotel and was booked into the Copthorne Tara by the conference office. The Conference had a preferred rate but this had been increased without advice at the time I booked however on check in I was up graded at no addittional charge. Methinks this was a trading ploy as my booking was late and presumably the hotel had anticipated a busier weekend that did not happen. However I was happy having the original offer by default. The Copthorne is a long building so access to the rooms can involve a long walk down corridors if you are at the end as I was. The room was OK in keeping with this modernish (70's built?) building although I was not sure what distingquished it from standard to executive. Free internet was good so many charge unreasonable extra rates, bed rather soft for me. The lighting controls are a bit complex with switch instructions difficult to read/understand, I found I had switched a &quot;prepare room&quot; light on outside the room which had housekeeping knocking the door at 8.30 in the morning! investigation of the switched never revealed which was the one not to operate.Otherwise an OK stay for my purposes although the car was earning more than I in the car park.	
Mar 23 2009 	Excellent service great location	We stayed here for 2 nights and 3 days. Our initial room was disappointing for a 4 star hotel, however we informed reception and were upgraded to a suite for a small fee. This room was bigger and far superior. We had access to a private room for club/suite guests: here we had complimentary tea/coffee all day, complimentary alcohol from 6.45 - 8.15pm. Service was great and alcohol flowed very freely.Customer service from Karen at reception was superb where nothing was a problem.Guest services were on hand with local information and assistance.A few minutes walk from High St Kensington Tube Station, walking distance for shops	
Mar 22 2009 	Disappointing-busy - bad customer care-noisy room-but good location	The hotel was well located for our weekend trip to see a show at the Royal Albert Hall, but apart from the location I was not impressed. The hotel is tired, the staff were not that friendly, they were busy and we were treated like we were buying a train ticket rather than booking into a hotel for a weekend break. We were booked in but as the room was not ready, we were asked to wait...no problem, but after quite a long time we were dealt with in quite a hostile manner, had our room cards thrust in our hands, no directions of which room, or where it was. Room was okish. One side of the hotel is along side a busy rail track, which meant we could hear the trains, but the noise is not too bad and is nothing to the totally empty fridge which sounded like a generator, or the noise from the next room, or the maid waking us up at 8.00 am.	
Mar 21 2009 	Great location	The location of this hotel is excellent. It's located on a quiet street, but it's only 5 minutes walk to High Street, Kensington. High Street is a very nice area of London. There is also an Underground station on High Street.We were given a room with a great view on the top floor of the hotel. However some of the rooms do face the train tracks. We didn't use the hotel facility much as we were out to explore the city most of the day. The room decor is a bit tired and can probably do with some renovation. Overall we enjoyed our stay. If you are looking for an inexpensive, clean, comfortable hotel to serve as a base to explore London, this is the hotel for you.	
Mar 14 2009 	We really enjoyed our stay and got great value for money.	We booked a 3 night break to London through Expedia - staying at the Copthorne worked out at £90 per room per night (2 of us staying) no breakfast included. The rooms were spacious and had all the facilities you'd need - the bed was confortable and it was a relief to get back there at the end of a long day. The hotel is in a great location, 2 minutes from Kensington High Street tube station, and another 2 or 3 stops and you're in central London. They sold show tickets and tube tickets in the lobby and everyone was very friendly as helpful from start to finish. The only thing that let it down was the cost - a cooked breakfast was £18 and meals in the restaurant were pricey, but there were restaurants and bars a short walk away so that wasn't a huge problem. I'd definitely stay here again if I visit London.	
Mar 14 2009 	Smart hotel great location wonderful staff	Stayed here for a week in March with a friend. Having been to London a couple of times, this is one of the better mid range hotels. Yes, by American standards, the rooms are a little small, but by London standards, they are good size. First, the hotel is in a great location. Kensington is a safe, upscale residential neighborhood in London, and the hotel is within 5 minutes walking distance of the tube and bus stations, as well as plenty of great shops and restuarants on High Street Kensington. If you don't want to use public transportation, there is usually a rank of cabs just outside the hotel. Either way, access to central London is easy and quick.The lobby is classy and upscale as well, and check in and check out are smooth. A welcoming bar is downstairs, along with a Malaysian restaurant, a cafe with internet access, and a gift shop. Our breakfast wasn't included in our package. We tried the buffet breakfast a few times, but the food was just so-so. If you do eat breakfast at the hotel and pay, try to snag one of the coupons in the lobby. Otherwise, there are a couple of different breakfast options within 5 minutes walking of the hotel. Check out the Muffin Man and Cafe Nero as examples. The service from the staff is top notch. Everyone is friendly, professional, and eager to help. We got to know the bar staff well because of a great happy hour between 4pm and 6pm. Special thanks to James and Luis especially for making our time there pleasant.Rooms are average in decor and cleanliness. They are not as posh as the lobby. Think 3 star quality instead of 4 star. The halls smell a little musty, but the rooms are clean and tidy. A small TV, fridge and closet and storage space were just adequate. The bathrooms for London are spacious, and in a city known for bad plumbing, the shower was fantastic with lots of pressure and hot water. Overall, if you're looking for a good value and good location in London, this is a top pick.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great location friendly staff	I stayed with a friend in a twin room for two nights 26th February. Having stayed here before I knew that we would be in a good location for the Royal Albert Hall where we had tickets for Carmen. We were pleased to see that the standards had not dropped since the previous stay and in fact would say they were better than before. The room did need a little TLC, being a little worn in places but very clean and comfortable with the addition of iron and ironing board which was good. I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone going to the RAH it is just a short walk away. If you are looking for shopping Kensington High Street is just around the corner and Harrods etc within reasonable walking distance. The staff in the hotel are exceptionally friendly and helpful particularly for a London Hotel. We had an excellent meal in the hotel's Asian restaurant, with wonderfully attentive staff, the bar staff were lively and friendly which rounded off a very good evening. The only complaint we had was the poor breakfast, there was lots of choice from the cooked items but all were absolutely stone cold. A congealed fried egg and cold bacon is not attractive, when we complained to the waitress she just said 'yes, other people had complained too' and walked away! We filled up on toast (no we didn't mind making our own!) and saw new containers of hot scrambled egg and tomatoes being brought out to replace those on the counter, but it was all too late by then. This was a shame because we were looking forward to a cooked breakfast treat but things were no better on the next morning so all in all this was a great shame since everything else was very good.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good value and location	I booked this as a result of reading other reviews and was not disappointed and in fact was pleasantly surprised. The room was on the small side, but the beds were comfy, the room was spotless and quiet, and the hotel's amenities were great. The concierge service was open 24/7 and staff was unfailingly helpful. There is a spacious lobby with a separate theater concierge and a room with a computer and Internet access for guests. Location was great for me, very close to the High St. Kensington stop on the Circle Line. Many restaurants in the vicinity, and the breakfast (not included in the room) on site was nice though a little pricey.	
Mar 2 2009 	Adequate rooms good location for Underground	Stayed here from 16th to 20th Feb on a 1/2 term trip with my teenage daughter to 'do' London. Chose this hotel primarily because of location and reasonable online price and wasn't disappointed - easy to find close to High St Kensington Underground. Our room overlooked the railway line, so intermittent (but muffled) train noise even though we were on the 10th floor. Room decor tired &amp; dated (found it worrying that one electric socket was hanging off the wall with wires exposed!) but the room was quite clean and comfortable. The fridge in the room of a good size, allowing storage of milk/fruit for a nice do-it-yourself breakfast in bed.We had very little to do with any of the staff, apart from asking room service to bring ice to the room, which they did promptly. However when asked to also bring up 2 drinking glasses, as there were none in the mini-bar, they wanted to charge £2 'delivery charge' !!!All-in-all a comfortable, clean and secure hotel in a pleasant area - fine for a short tourist visit to London	
Feb 23 2009 	Good location but very dated	This hotel is very accessable for tourist trips to London, its located on the Circle Line of the London Underground.On appearance it seems like the hotel is quite modern and up-market however, once you reach the rooms you are transported back to the 80's.The room was clean, but the air-con made a 'clicking' noise all night long and the bath was leaking slightly.The breakfast is good value, make sure to find the vouchers in the reception providing breakfast for £10 instead of £18.The cost of the hotel is not really worth what you get in the end, but it was an enjoyable trip all the same.	
Feb 21 2009 	I can think of no better summary than AVERAGE	I've stayed at this hotel several times before on business because it's a central location and convenient for the tube network (about 300m to High Street Kensington station). The main entrance suggests a hotel that's fairly modern and up-market; however, it's not somewhere I'd pick for a short break with my wife or the kids - the rooms are rather bland and dated. My room was clean and a reasonable size. Everything worked. A couple of things I wasn't keen on; the VERY soft bed (but I guess that's a matter of preference) and the rather odd and inaccesible location of power points for plugging in the laptop and phone charger.The bathroom decor was rather tired but everything worked (bath and shower), was clean and there was plenty of hot water. Had a bar meal in the evening; nice enough and turned up in about 10 minutes so no complaints. Had breakfast too. This was less satisfactory. If you want toast you have to toast the bread yourself using a single 'conveyor' type toaster; not great if there's more than a couple of people who want toast when you do! The English breakfast is poor; in my opinion, it's the poorest choice and quality of any of the half dozen hotels I regularly use in London. However, there's a good selection of alternatives if English Breakfast isn't your thing.Check in and out was problem free.	
Feb 15 2009 	never again	the hotel states its a 4star and when you first walk in the lobby it looks it, but thats about it. our room was more like 2star,The bed was like a launch pad 1 end higher then the other.Bathroom fan did'nt work, paint falling of the ceiling.wiring not boxed in under heaterpanels coming off walls in passagegot told the parking was £20 for 24 hours then they tried to charge £25	
Feb 6 2009 	Enjoyable Not too bad!	EnjoyableWe stayed here Jan 1 to Jan 3rd from a bid off of Priceline. For the rate we paid the hotel was decent. It was categorized as a four star hotel but I believe it’s more of a three star.Admittedly, I prefer the larger modern chain hotels but the stay here was comfortable and the location was perfect for our short stay in London. The nearest tube was less than five mins away (Kensington High Street). When we first arrived, the lobby was a bit chaotic as there were many New Year’s party revelers in the hall. But the front desk staff was quick to check us in. The rooms itself looked at first glance dated but upon further inspection the furniture and carpets seem to have undergone a recent remodel – the choice of furnishing was traditional giving it the sense of being dated. Our TV did not work and we had to unplug it so not to hear the annoying buzzing sound. Our biggest complaint would be the lack of soundproofing. I could hear our neighbor’s television blasting in the background. However, the beds made up for that, and were the most comfy of our trip through Europe. We decided to try the Malaysian restaurant (Bugis Street) and were disappointed with the quality and authenticity of the meal, although we saw many Asians dining there. There are other restaurant choices nearby if you are feeling like Asian cuisine. All in all, it was a pleasant stay and a much different vibe than out first in London in neighbouring Earl's Court.	
Feb 5 2009 	It was okay...	Stayed a night at the Copthorne last weekend. Although this is a four-star hotel, I did not expect much - I generally find Copthorne hotels to be dated and weary. This one was no different. This hotel is a short walk from the High Street Kensington stop, with some rooms overlooking the tube line. However it's a bit off the road so if you've lost your bearings, just ask anyone at the shops next to the tube and they'd be able to help.Check in was smooth. We were able to check in at 12pm although the official check-in time was 3pm; quite grateful for that!The room itself was okay. Nothing amazing to shout about. Some of the wooden furniture eg the top to stow your luggage was a bit worn with paint peeling off. There was a bathtub in the toilet but to my horror I noticed spots of mould/mildew on the ceiling when I inadvertently looked up while bathing! That would be my only complaint... otherwise, it was an average stay at an average hotel.	
Feb 2 2009	Not worth it	Kensington is a great location, but there are plenty of other places to stay. This is definately not a 4 star hotel, even by an overseas definitions. The shower curtain was REALLY dirty and smelled aweful. We asked for a new one. The girl at the front desk was really rude and told us they were all like that and there was nothing they could do.	
Jan 27 2009 	Dated three star in reasonable location	Got this on priceline for £63 all in and now would not bid in the same area in case I got it again. One can get a far better 3* in London for the same price if not less on expedia.Very dated indeed, paid the £35 upgrade to a top floor room and really not worth the money. Bed soft, room dark and dated. Toilet required care and attention to flush properly. Although on top floor the shower was acceptable.Would only recommend this to businessmen who needed somewhere central to stay and didn't really care about the decor. Not a place to take a partner.If you really wanted a cheap central location for no more than £50 this would be ok given the above warnings.	
Jan 19 2009 	Helpful staff but dated rooms with dodgy heating systems	The staff here are professional and quick to respond to queries. The restaurant serves tasty authentic Singaporean food, but in true Singaporean style it arrives at the table in a sporadic fashion.The rooms are dated and in need of refurbishment. My biggest problem was with the heating/cooling system. Turning the dials made no difference to the desert like temperature. Minutes after I made a complaint, an engineer was sent along. He then transformed my room into a fridge. Once again, turning the dial made no difference. I stayed here a year ago and had the same problem in a different room.The fixtures and fittings are all in need of an update. The hair dryer in my room was on its last legs and on the last day it blew up, which gave me quite a shock. However, I enjoyed telling the tale at breakfast. The breakfast fodder is more than ample and there were plenty of staff at hand to deal with requests.	
Jan 15 2009 	Not that bad so don't fret	We made a bid on Priceline and got this hotel for about $95 a night (9 nights - 3 rooms) VAT included. I immediately came to Trip Advisor to read the reviews and admit I was very nervous about the hotel. Reviews are lukewarm for the most part. But if you read them closely, most of the gripes are about the &quot;tired&quot; furniture and some &quot;treatment&quot; issues. Most agree the place is clean and secure. Yes, the hotel needs new furnishings. But what is there is not that bad - especially for the price. I would compare this hotel favorably with the Holiday Inn Kennsington - or any older Holiday Inn in the states. Room size was fine, and the staff was very helpfull and nice. All 3 of our rooms were acceptable on the 9th and 10th floors. The bar is nice and breakfast (special for 8.5 GBP) was a good deal - not included in our bid, but was acceptable and certainly as good as the fry up offered at the Muffin Man for the same price. The hotel was an all you can eat buffet. (The Muffin Man is a nice place to eat however - I am just putting the breakfast in perspective. I would not eat a fry up 9 days in a row anyway). The TV is old and not a premiere offering - but on the other hand, it was acceptable - it worked, picture was good and offered about 6 English stations and one in French, German and Polish or something. They offered pay movies and porn but we did not use that feature. The location of the Hotel is perfect. Tube a block away and the number 9 bus (same walk) is a perfect way to see parts of London on the ride downtown. (We went downtown for the New Years day parade and of course all the tourist things to do). There are lots of good restaurants near to the hotel (out by the tube entrance) and of course the Cafe Nero, Starbucks, M&amp;S, Wholefoods and numerous fast food places including McD's. While we all hoped that we would get a real 4 star hotel with our Priceline bid, this was not a four star - but as another poster said earlier on - don't freak out if you get this one. It is just fine and is acceptable for a week or so at a reasonable price for London.	
Jan 13 2009 	Loved it!	After 4 weeks travelling in standard hotels, this was a luxury to us and quite unexpected after booking last minute! We stayed for three nights on the 10th floor - large and clean bathroom, relatively large hotel room, double glazing on windows so nice and quiet (as the High Street Kensington tube station runs below), a Guest Services area where they will make bookings, give you tips and act as tour guides (so friendly too!), a welcoming reception area and an affordable Brasserie breakfast if you like (not included in our package). It was also a hotel so the room was serviced daily and had a fridge &amp; tea/coffee facilities. The room service food is also very affordable, quick and tasty. The staff in all areas we visited (especially Guest Services) could not do enough to help you.During the day, it's not much from the outside but it was affordable, great location two minutes from High Street Kensington (restaurants, shops, tube station) and about another 5 minutes walk from there through an affluent and beautiful suburb to Notting Hill Gate.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone for a short or longer term stay in a nice part of London close to all amenities.	
Jan 13 2009 	Good Hotel - Great Location	This hotel is in a great location. I loved the breakfast.The room had ample space and was clean and tidy.The bathroom was clean and tidy.I encountered no problems at this hotel. I found the rate reasonable considering the location.	
Jan 8 2009 	Poor Hotel with a Great Location	The location of this hotel is excellent if you want to stay in Kensington. However, that is the only positive reason to stay at this hotel. We purchased a night at the Copthorne Tara through Priceline.com based on a four-star rating, which it is not. We have stayed in many two-star hotels that were much better than this hotel. The hallways smelled of old cigarette smoke. Our room was very outdated and overlooked the tube station below, which made it noisy. It was difficult to control the temperature of the room and almost impossible to control the temperature of the shower.The business centre included a single computer but was very cold and had the AC on full. The Concierge was unable to solve the problem. The staff were friendly but I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good location needs updating	Booked hotel through priceline £41 a night plus taxes. Hotel is in a really good location 3 minutes off Kensington High Street. Hotel room needs refurbishing especially the bathroom (leaky taps). Be careful not to get a room overlooking the tube line as these can be quite noisy on lower floors. Overally good value for money through priceline, but not worth paying the full rack rate.	
Dec 18 2008 	Lovely stay	I have read some of the reviews and can say that our stay was nothing like others have reported.The hotel is lovely, it is brilliantly situated close to High St Kensington and the tube. The breakfast was lovely with lots of choice and very helpful staff.Room was clean, tidy and serviced when requested by again friendly staff.We stayed at the hotel for a couple of days to shop and to attend theatre. We could not have asked for a better place to stay and would not think twice about returning.	
Dec 18 2008	no 4 stars not even 3	The friendly and efficient staff at check in could not compensate for a rundown room (#811). The fridge was empty but made a loud noise. Only after major redecoration we could imagine to stay there again.	
Dec 11 2008	Location good - hotel below average	After reading many bad reviews on this hotel I contacted the Manager prior to our arrival stating my concerns. He responded by stating that he would make sure we were allocated a room which would be 'comfortable and clean'. On arrival we were given a room on the 8th floor, corridor carpet very frayed in areas and panel outside our door hanging off the wall. Inside room, bed was VERY lumpy with no top sheet and pillows were very hard they weighed a ton. Carpet had numerous stains on it and there was a strange odor in the room which turned out to be bug spray as in the bathroom the light above the sink was full of dead cockroaches!!I contacted the Manager but he never responded, seems they are not too interested when booking is made via discount company. Very below average hotel, 2.5 out of 5 would be my rating at the most.	
Dec 11 2008 	overall it was very good	I stayed there for one night and I have to agree with Irelandduchess,some of the reviews - based - on my experience seem to be really tough on the hotel.The staff were friendly and efficient.They upgraded me to a club room on 11th floor,it was clean,tidy and well furnished.OK there were a couple of small niggles,I could not get the trouser press to work and a bulb outside the bathroom had gone ,the bathroom was bit tired but hey thats not a problem in the grand scheme.It was quiet,one other reviewer seemed to blame the hotel for the fact that he heard a conversation from another room,well unless the room is a soundproofed cell that is hardly the hotel's fault that other guests have loud voices.I would stay there again without hesitation.Also a great location for shopping and eating out.	
Dec 9 2008 	Beware the trains	Very average hotel .Reasonable location but beware if you get a room at the back of the hotel.Yes it is very convenient for the Tube station because the railway lines run directly behind the hotel.Noisy from 6am !!Very little to recommend it for £180 per night.	
Dec 4 2008 	Nothing special	The room was ok, clean and comfortable but nothing special. The walls were very thin and was woke up early by neighbours, having a loud telephone conversation. Location isn't too bad, in easy reach of the tube station but it's not great for places to eat out.	
Nov 30 2008 	Really good Hotel.	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in november 2008. Reading some of the reviews ,it sounded like a totally differant place.!!! We were welcomed by a very friendly and helpful guy on reception. Our room was spotless and comfortable.The location of the hotel is brilliant, with the tube and bus so close. I would definatly recommend this hotel and will stay again on our next trip to London.	
Nov 21 2008 	Tired needs refurbishment.	M&amp;POB. Aust.Stayed at this hotel for nine days in oct 2008, good breakfast staff somewhat helpfull, on the down side standard rooms where tired with rickity furniture a/c that was noisy and didn't work properly which left room hot and stuffy leg fell off bed and hand basin was blocked. Not good enough Copthorne get your act together,	
Nov 18 2008 	Great value in London	I booked this hotel using priceline it was better than expected however did not meet my expecations of a millenium hotel. As others say it is a little tired and in need of some taking care of. For the price the staff was exceptional and location is fantastic for anyone who has been to London before. overall i was quite happy with my stay here although expectaions where a bit higher for the hotel brand.	
Nov 8 2008 	Getting a bit tired	This hotel is starting to show its age, although it's still very good value at the discounted price you can usually get.Reception staff very efficient and reasonably friendly. The bedrooms are clean and the white bed linen nice and fresh, but my bathroom shower curtain was a bit mouldy.The bar is pleasant, although drinks are very expensive.Above all, the location is extremely convenient - the hotel is a short walk from High Street, Kensington Tube and there are plenty of shops and restaurants on the High Street.A good choice for leisure or business provided the deal is right.	
Nov 7 2008 	Not Good!!	I have stayed in this hotel on numerous occasions, purely because it is booked by my company but I dread it on every occasion! The rooms are tired and dirty. The carpets are in dire need of changing or at least a deep clean, would certainly not contemplate walking around barefoot, slippers a must! The t.v is at least 15yrs old with dodgy controls and poor channel choices. For some reason the temp in the room does not relate to the control in the room so it is always far too stuffy or bordering on frosty. The bathroom is poky and the shower/bath is always filthy and never drains well. The reception area is pleasant but the check-in proccess is always painfully slow. The 'gym' is minimal to say the least, half the size of a hotel room with 3/4 machines, and no a/c on my last visit. The bar and dining area are ridiculously overpriced, and lack anything resembling an atmosphere. I know I am sounding very critical but believe me if you had to put up with this on a continous basis you would be equally irritated!! The only positive of this hotel is its central location which means you can happily escape with ease to a better spot!	
Nov 5 2008	Good stay at the discounted price!	The hotel looked a little depressing from the outside but reception was clean, service was friendly and check in (and out) was AMAZINGLY quick and easy! The room was clean and served it's purpose, more like a good 3* than 4, but the location was great - easy access to the tube. Didn't sample the bar or food. Would not be overly happy to pay the advertised price but booked at a discounted price and this was fair. Would happily book again!	
Nov 5 2008 	Great Hotel	Very pleasant stay at the Tara. The room was clean and serviced to a high standard. I was quite surprised to see one of the p*** channels on ch6, bit naughty if you're staying with children. One more gripe, why does a 4star hotel feel it necessary to water down the orange juice?	
Nov 4 2008 	Pretty good hotel if you get a good price	I got a very good deal on this hotel through priceline, and had some concerns after reading reviews. First, the location is very good. As others have noted, its less than 1-2 blocks from the Kensington High Street tube station; very convenient to most anything in central London by subway. Second, the hotel amenities (restaurants, bar, and room items) are adequate. The room furnishings are relatively old (probably early 1990s decor), but my room was clean even if it was a bit worn. Third, the desk staff was friendly and helpful. The first room I got had twin beds, but I wanted a double. I asked the desk if they could switch. The clerk said there were no doubles clean at the moment, but she guessed they would be in about an hour. I went had had a coffee on Kensington/High St. and came back and she had already arranged a room swap. Very nice.If you're expecting a 4 star hotel, this definitely is not. I'd rate it a 2 1/2 star property, but for the value and location in London, if you can get a good price (under $130/night), I'd recommend it. If you're picky about more than friendly service and a clean room in a good area, then perhaps this is not the hotel for you.M	
Nov 1 2008 	Air lines love it. Great location!!!	Went through Priceline at $95.00 plus $ 42.00 in fees. Great location but a well worn hotel. No a/c and we had a hot water pipe running through the room. Windows don't open!! Told staff about problem 3 times and no response. Couldn't turn heat off!Most of this 25 year old hotel's guests were Asian air line crews.Breakfast was $44.00 each. Outside to the left 2 blocks is a McD's and can be had with coffee for $5.00.Doorman ignored us as we came through the door with our backpacks and wheeled suit cases. We got the not popular relative room, but with this location it was worth it.You walk from the Paddington U-stop. About a 4 minute walk.v.	
Oct 22 2008 	Pleasant Stay	The hotel is great, especially after reading the reviews of other hotels in London. I booked via lastminute a cut me a special offer. They sell it as a four stars and I can classify it as a good three stars. The staff is nice, the room clean and quite. It is positioned near the tube. The only remarks are about the room service, since the food is not that good and quite expensive. The breakfast is also expensive since you can find the rooms nearby the hotel with very great pies.	
Oct 20 2008 	Very central	Booked through Priceline for a price of £70 per night room only. Priceline claimed it was 4* but more like 3.5* I would say. Breakfast was £15 per day but they forgot to charge us for 2 days! Brilliant value for money in a safe and very central location. Only little niggles stopped me giving it the full 4* but I would be more than happy to stay there again for £70 per night for 2 people.	
Oct 15 2008 	Overpriced The Hotel Needs To Be Refurbished Its Really 2 Star	I stayed in The Club Level as I often did before The Rooms Have gotten so grotty and the mold over the windows on the ceiling is beginning to fall onto the carpet and it also has a bad odur. The bathrooms are so worn out and you can see rust on the bath that is so old anyway. They seem to be penny pinching everywhere the club lounge is a laugh there is really nothing there for you in the line of snacks you will get a drink free between 6:45pm and 8:15pm I mean a drink just one drink because the poor chap that is there all on his own by time he gets back to you its already 8:15pm then your told its too late what a laugh this is not a club lounge its nothing they should look to other 4 star hotels and see how they run there club lounges with pride and really make the guest fell looked after and not be made feel like a begger. My company pays for me and insist I stay there but if I had to pay for myself or my family I would book elsewhere.	
Oct 14 2008 	Nice Lobby/Grotty Room	I spent 2 nights on a business trip at this hotel in Oct '08. Like other reviews have stated the lobby etc is nice and the staff quite efficient. The conference facilities in the hotel were good (Capita Conference). The room was a let down though. Horrible nets on the curtains that hadn't been washed in many months, bathroom awful. Bed very clean though on the up side. Also, the Chinese restaurant was excellent, room service was good and the location was superb just off Kensington High Street and about 2 mins from the Central Line. It's a pity about the rooms but the rest was pretty good.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great stay at The Copthorne Tara	My mum and I stayed at The Copthorne Tara Hotel in September this year for eight nights. The location of this hotel is really wonderful, about 300 metres from Kensington High Street. It's in a really lovely area of London, very pretty and upmarket. The shops on the high street are mainly fashion stores and boutiques. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer very close to the hotel and Kensington tube station is also within very close walking distance. There is a cab rank across the road from the hotel, so it is always very easy to get a cab. There is cash machine in the lobby and coin operated computers in the cafe.The rooms were clean and comfortable, if a bit shabby and dated. The bathroom was really clean and the shower was very good.The staff were very helpful and friendly and there were always plenty of them around.On the down side, wifi was ten pounds a day, and room service was average and very overpriced. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at The Copthorne Tara Hotel.	
Sep 25 2008 	Pretty decent stay	Stayed for one night (on my own) and checked in on 24th September after booking this hotel on Priceline. Wanted a hotel near Olympia and this is just a 5-8 minutes bus journey towards Hammersmith.I actually arrived at 1.00pm not 3.00pm, was greeted by a very friendly lass on reception who checked her system, said &quot;no problem to checking in early sir&quot; and got me a room on the 6th floor.Arrived at room and was pleasantly surprised. Carpet appeared quite new and the room didn't look too bad at all. Everything seemed clean and checked the bathroom to find the towels were of good quality. Perhaps I got one of the better rooms as I did smile nicely at the lady on reception which I find helps because they will know which are dodgy rooms.My room overlooked the edge of High Street Kensington tube station but noise of the trains was just a faint murmur. In fact I thought the whole hotel was quiet and there seemed little noise in the corridor outside my door that I wondered how many people were staying there. Anyhow I personally would stay again although if with my partner then I would take up the offer of club room upgrade for £40 per night which includes breakfast, evening drinks and free entry into gym.	
Sep 14 2008	Okay but some problems like MOLD on wall of hotel room!	Decent hotel with an identity crisis... lobby &amp; restaurant areas are modern and pleasant... 3-4-star for sure. The rooms are not pleasant: mold on wall; grungy, institutional bathroom; battered furniture... a dump, in short... 1-2-star at best. All of the reviews here have basically stated things accurately. Location is great... tons of good restaurants within a five- or ten-minute walk. Two-minute walk to the Tube station. It's a safe, functional hotel, but definitely not a luxurious property - not event close. Most staff were helpful. We were able to check-in about 10am, which was very much appreciated. I'm not sure I can recommend this property, but it served its purpose for us okay.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Location!	We just returned from a long trip to Africa and wanted to spend a couple of nights in London on our way home. We were there Sept 11-13, 2008 and found the hotel to be all that we needed. We were in one of the larger rooms on the 11th floor (they upgraded us for free when we arrived). This wasn't a big room so I am not sure how small the other rooms are. We really only slept there as we were out checking out the town most of the time. But it was perfect for this purpose - clean, quiet and convenient. I can't comment on any services in the hotel as we didn't use anything. We would stay again. The location was really perfect. Just a few short blocks off the Kensington High Street Tube Station. Just take a couple of lefts when you come out and you will find it. It's so close to Kensington and Hyde Parks and with the Tube Station right there you can get anywhere quickly.We took the recommendations from others on this site and went to the Muffin Man Tea/Coffee House just around the corner for breakfast each morning. It was lovely. The Brittania Restaurant is closeby and that was wonderful as well.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Local not 4*	Recieved a great price via Priceline, knew would get this hotel based on bidding posts, was a little concerned with reviews on this site, but overall my experience was very good and would book this hotel again (assuming a deal again on Priceline). Great location, you actually see the High Street Tube station from the hotel. Friendly staff. Small, clean rooms. Powerful Shower. One thing though, this hotel is not 4* and priceline should know better then to even have that listed. I would put this at 2 1/2 star, but for $80/night US, well worth it.	
Sep 8 2008 	Pretty good!	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We booked it through Priceline and got a very good deal, so we weren't sure of what to expect at first. We got a very clean, non-smoking room on a high floor - no complaints! Bed was clean and very comfortable, and we had enough room to lay out our luggage and other things. The bathroom was a bit dated, but functional. The area is really nice, very close to shops, the tube, and Hyde Park. We'd stay there again!	
Sep 6 2008 	Overall Good Hotel in a great location	This hotel is more of a 3.5* hotel. I'm just rounding up.I've stayed at this hotel on two separate visits. Both times with my family. I liked this hotel and it's convenient proximity to the tube. It's a little outdated both inside and outside. Here's my breakdown.Hotel: The hotel has a somewhat classy looking lobby with an adjoining bar, gift shop and restaurant. It also includes a tourist desk where you can buy tickets and a currency exchange kiosk. A complete package for tourists wanting to see London.Rooms: The rooms are decent. Nothing special. Some rooms have an odd smell to them. The smoking rooms are especially bad. But even the non smoking ones had odd smells which you notice once you enter. Beds are OK and the air condition worked fine. There was a fridge but no safe. Just your typical hotel room. Not a 4 star room by any means.Staff/Service: The staff for the most part was good. Some people at the guest service/concierge were great and very helpful. Others not so much. The night staff I felt were the better. They offer internet for a small fee (1 pound for 20 mins). Or you can use the business center which has one computer, printer and photocopier for free.Location: The hotel is in a good location. Located down the street from High Street Kensington station which is in a &quot;posh&quot; area. It's not on a big street, so it may be difficult to find at first. It is located next to the station's tracks. I could barely hear them at night and it did not disturb me in anyway. I was on the 10th floor which may have played a part. The Kensington area is a nice area. Shopping is abundant around the area as well as restaurants. Also if your doing the Big Bus Tour, there is a stop 5 mins from the hotel. Hyde park is close by. The major attractions aren't in the area, but a 10 - 15 min Underground ride away.Tip: If you want a change from restaurant food, there is a grocery store at Mark's and Spencer (lower level). It's in the complex next to the Underground station. I found myself here picking up sandwiches, water, fruit and snacks for the family. The prices are good too. You can also have lunch here as they have a deli.Conclusion: Overall a good hotel in a great area. If you can get a deal with priceline, then it's hard to beat it on price and location. Don't expect 4 star rooms. Like I said in the first sentence, overall this is closer to a 3.5 star then it is a 4.	
Sep 5 2008 	Copthorne Tara - Don't bother unless you get a Club Room	The Copthorne Tara is like two hotels under one roof. I had the misfortune of staying in a standard room on the second floor in January this year. After complaining about the room I was offered the chance to upgrade to a Club room. A Club room is much better; these rooms are on the 10-12th floors and have great views over London. The bathrooms are a little dated but the room is comfortable and spacious the bed is very comfortable indeed. Club rooms come with free access to the very nice Club Lounge which serves complimentary drinks and snacks each evening between 18.45 and 20.15. You also get a complimentary continental breakfast thrown in with the room rate. We paid extra for the Full English Breakfast which is ok - the buffet has a reasonable selection of pastries, fruits and cereals, however, the cooked breakfast is a little lame as it is not buffet style and you have to take your plate up to have a member of staff fill it for you! This is only after you have handed over your cooked breakfast meal token. It reminded be of going to get your school dinner! Having said that, the scrambled egg is excellent :-) A Club room also comes with complimentary internet via a network cable. All in all, I could only recommend the Tara if you can secure a Club room. In my opinion, standard rooms are below the standard of your average Travelodge, and definitely not worthy of a 4-star hotel.. There is an underground car park at the hotel and the rate is £20 per day which seems reasonable for the location.Personally, I would be more than happy to stay in a club room at the Tara again.	
Aug 29 2008 	No complaints	I booked this hotel through Expedia the day before I travelled. Was a little wary after reading some of the reviews here, but for one night it was great. Room on the second floor, was clean and plenty of space for 2 people. If we had been staying longer I would have been concerned about the heat, and that was with the air conditioning on!!Didn't have breakfast, so can't comment on that. Used guest services to leave our luggage after check out and they were very friendly and efficient. Overall staff at check in/out were friendly and helpful.For the price that i paid - £95 for the room I would stay here again, very convenient for the tube	
Aug 21 2008 	HATED THIS HOTEL: Filthy dated and nonfunctional at every level.	I have no idea what type of 4* hotels the other reviewers are comparing this hotel to in their review. I am shocked that anyone could say anything positive about this hotel other than of its convenient location. This hotel ranks as one of the worst I have ever experienced in twenty years of going to Europe, and certainly the worst representation of hotel rating I’ve ever seen. The Millennium chain which now owns this and generally runs pretty nice properties should be ashamed. The hotel is a 2* AT BEST, and even as a 2*, if offered to me for a FREE STAY, I would not stay here again until they learn how to clean better. I’d have given it less than 1* if I was an independent rating agency. It is BEYOND ME, how on earth this hotel gains a 3* or 4* rating through various agencies. They must have a specific set of rooms set aside to show to organizations that go through this hotel. I experienced three different rooms at this hotel, the final one being a “club level” room, and was shown another two. While the club level room was marginally more acceptable than the rooms we were initially given, I still cannot find much good to say about this hotel.Positives1- Location is great, and close to the Underground station.2- There is a single fantastic manager (Joshua, I believe) who goes out of his way to try to deal with guest complaints, and is constantly being paged and running around, while most of the rest of the hotel staff could care less. As another reviewer noted, these people have no interest in repeat customers. They provide cheap rooms via priceline, and they hope that the very low price people pay makes up for all else that is wrong with the place. This single hardworking manager did his best to move us to a better room on our last night, and we appreciated his efforts, but not much could be done to improve our view of the property itself. I feel bad that he has to weather the brunt of nonstop complaints because Millennium can’t bother to fix things around this hotel or at least revise the hotel rating!Negatives:FILTH. This is one of the dirtiest hotels I’ve ever stayed at. The carpets in all three rooms we experienced as well as the others we were shown were absolutely disgusting. Not only are there endless sticky stains, the carpet is often torn up in regions, and so dirty in spots their vacuums don’t reach instantly that you must not allow clothing to drop on the floor. The bathrooms in the hotel are not well cleaned. Our first room had towels with big yellow stains, and a used towel. We had to hand them to the housekeeping supervisor so he could instruct his staff to avoid “similar issues”. Replacement towels are worn thin from use, with holes in them. How on earth do these people put such towels out for guests? The flimsy shower curtains were torn or stained in two rooms. I am absolutely convinced bedding in this hotel is NOT cleaned between customers, or not cleaned properly. One pillow on one bed in our room reeked of rose water perfume, clearly a remnant of the previous guest, while another pillow on another bed had the most disgusting hair-oil smell. I truly felt assaulted by the odors emanating from the bedding in our first room and the various stains on the bedding were enough to make one lay down layers of clothing to sleep upon rather than be exposed to the bedding. The stains on the various walls of the various rooms were disturbing on many levels. How can they not clean this stuff? The desk’s response to complaints: Absolute nonchalance. They apologize, and then ask what you’d like done. They are happy to show you other rooms, but there is little improvement in terms of cleanliness on regular floors. The final room, our upgraded “club room” at least had linens that did not smell. AGE: The furniture in the rooms is ancient, but this normally is not a problem if it was kept in fine condition. In every single room, however, including the so called forty pound upgraded “club rooms” the furniture is chipped to a disturbing degree, or broken. Its truly shocking to stay in a hotel room with furniture that looks like this. Rarely in a 1* hotel in the US, be it a Motel Six, or Econolodge, or even random highway motor inns have I seen furniture in this shabby a state. The rest of the room is not much better – every room has black chipped tubs, sinks, broken bathroom tiles. Its incredible how much damage one could see in each of five rooms.LACK OF FUNCTIONALITY: The rooms have nothing in them and what little they have doesn’t work. No safe, no iron, no amenities. Two of four lamps in the room did not function. The TV remote did not function. And the final straw, which resulted in our final utter meltdown was that we had an absolutely nonworking shower, where the water could not be switched from tub to shower. Air temperature controls are archaic.AWFUL BEDS:I’ve already disgust the filthy bedding in our room. The quality of the mattresses is so bad that you are guaranteed backaches the next day. These mattresses sink with any kind of weight about 100 pounds in a manner that is not amenable to any form of comfort. I didn’t even want to look under the mattress cover to see what state of filth I’d find there. HORRID NOISE:Walls are paper thin and you can hear everything in every room in your proximity.Even worse, if you are on the side the train runs, you will have the pleasure of being rattled from its passage every 10 minutes.STAFF: I’ve rarely seen a staff with the exception of the particular mentioned manager who could care less about guest’s complaints or concerns. The quote I got was “I don’t know about your standards in the United States, I’m used to Polish standards” – this is the type of person they have at the desk. Resentful of any expectations from the guests, they seem to be implying that the hotel in its present state should be acceptable to most except those from the United States. The other desk person just stared at me blankly, unclear of what to do. The bell staff do their job well, as they spend most of the day having to log in and log out luggage from guests who can’t check in, because rooms are not ready.Other than location, this hotel has nothing to recommend it. Avoid this hotel under all conditions, at all costs. I have stayed at other 4* hotels in London before – this hotel does not belong in that category, and even in any other category, or as a free stay - its not worth it.	
Aug 13 2008 	Average	Slightly shabby rooms but generally ok. I was first given a smoking room on floor 3 where the whole floor stank of smoke. They changed the room but were rather grudging about it. None of the windows open which is a bit frustrating but at least the air con worked. Great location just 2 mins walk from High Street Ken tube.	
Aug 12 2008	Great location great rate from Priceline	I've stayed at the Copthorne Tara at least four times, all winning bids on Priceline, the most recent in August 2008 was $90 per night plus tax. I've never had a complaint while staying here. Perhaps it's not a 4* hotel but believe me it's a heck of a lot better than what you can get by paying $100 per night without using Priceline.I'm not a very demanding traveler, I like for my hotel room to be clean, the bed to be comfortable, the hotel convenient to sites or to public transportation and to be quiet at night. The Copthorne Tara fulfilled all of those requirements. Check in was quick, maybe 10 minutes. The room was prepaid and I didn't have any charges so we slipped our key in a box on the front desk on the way out. We requested rooms with 2 beds in them and the request was noted in their computer and honored. We were able to add a cot for one of the kids when another person joined us mid stay.The High Street Kensington tube was no more than a 5 minute walk, there was a Marks &amp; Spencer food hall, a Tesco Metro and Whole Foods within a couple of blocks and a Waitrose within about 10 minute walk to stock up on breakfast supplies. Lots of dining options nearby including branches of Strada, Wagamama, and Giraffe, plus a couple of of the Maroush chain-Ranoush Juice and Randa.The room had a hair dryer, a/c and a small refrigerator which is great for storing drinks, yogurt, etc. I believe there's an ironing board and there's a teapot and tea in the room.I've stayed in both twin rooms and double rooms, most of the rooms have separate faucets for hot and cold but we had one that had both out of the same faucet. The rooms are decent sized, for a few nights we added a cot to one of the rooms and had to pull the small table out.Toiletries are shampoo, bath gel and bar soap.Some of the rooms face the tube station which is above ground at that point and although we could hear it, the noise wasn't terribly loud. It's a very popular hotel with tour groups and airline personnel.The only complaint I had on this visit was that the hallways smelled pretty bad on the 6th floor.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Location!	We have stayed in this hotel twice before because the location is perfect. It is right in the center of High street Kensignton, about 2 blocks down from the tube. The hotel was packed at all times. Lots of tourists and crew members stay there. The service was good. All staff members that we dealt with were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were ok. They have become a little old, and the bathrooms aswell, however they are acceptable and clean. The beds are comfortable and the price was very reasonable relative to the location and season we were there. I would recommend this hotel for convenience of location mostly and a comfortable stay, however I will not recommend it if you are looking for a luxurious stay.It would be great for the hotel however if they plan on any outside building and room renovations. All in all...it was good stay!	
Aug 4 2008 	OK - some good some bad	The Copthorne Tara looked great on the website, all shiny and well looked after. It looks the same on walking in. The lobby is well looked after and gives a good impression. Shame then about the rooms. I stayed in 2 rooms and both looked a bit on the old and tatty side. The furniture was dated, but the beds were comfortable. On checking in I was given a smoking room (i'd requested non-smoking) - it stank of a heady mix of cigarettes and air freshener. I asked to be changed but they couldn't do this on my first night. I was changed however for my second night. The second room looked just as worn, but at least didn't smell. It has to be said though that both rooms were clean. I didn't eat at the hotel - with it being so close to Kensington High Street there were more options out there so I can't comment on the other faciltiies. The staff however were great - efficient and polite. In terms of location this hotel is great, and the price I got was fair for that area of London even with the rooms not looking their best.	
Aug 3 2008 	The location can't be beat!	I booked the this hotel through priceline and after reading the reviews here, I was slightly nervous. I must say that my experience was great. I think that I was expecting the worst, so that allowed me to overlook some things. Namely the fact that the hotel is not an American four star hotel ... It is likely an American three star ...Either way, my hotel room was clean, both the room and the bathroom. The staff was helpful and friendly. The front desks staff gave me excellent directions and when I needed to use the Internet to send a message to a friend that I was supposed to meet, they allowed me to use the &quot;penthouse&quot; computers for no charge. The best thing about the Copthorne Tara is it's location. It is located two blocks from the Kensington Tube Station and High Street (which is their NYC Fifth Avenue). I was traveling alone, and I was out until the tube stopped running, about 1 a.m. every night/morning, and I felt VERY comfortable getting back to the hotel. It was easy to get back to the Hotel during the day and drop of packages grab a snack and then out again. (The Hotel is also walking distance to Harrods Department Store, Kensington Gardens and the Natural History Museum). There is certainly no need to take a cab and this must be said, London's Tube is the best I've experienced. Being a New Yorker, it was nice to know exactly what time the next train would be arriving (by the digital signs). And it was extremely accurate. I've posted some pictures as well ... I hope this helps.	
Aug 3 2008 	Definite comfort in a great neighborhood.	I rather enjoyed my 4 nights here. The hotel is in a great neighborhood with plenty of shops and near the tube station. They have a fabulous room service and there's a delightful breakfast/lunch cafe just up the street called The Muffin Man I highly recommend. The desk staff wasn't much assistance, most of them actually seemed bothered if you approached them. I booked through Priceline and got a pretty good deal, about $150/night so I can't complain like others who paid more have. The room was great, as was the location and I was perfectly comfortable.	
Jul 24 2008 	Nightmare!	Terrible service--night manager was completely rude. It was far too late to leave without being charged, and it was only one night so we stayed, but we'll never use the property again. Carpets in room were so dirty that we couldn't take our socks off. Avoid this place at all costs. There are many, many properties in the area in the same price range, with cleaner rooms and human beings running them.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good hotel	This is a good hotel in with a great location very near Kensington High Street with shops and restaurants. Also very close to the tube station. Judging by the cars parked in the neighborhood (Lamborghini, Audi R8, Aston Martin to name a few) it's located in a pretty upscale residential area.The room was in good, clean condition and pretty nice. A great bonus is that they've replaced their minibars with regular small fridges. We bought breakfast food in the Marks &amp; Spencer food hall which is next to the tube station and stored it in there. There is also a waterboiler and tea so we were set to eat a good cheap breakfast in the room every morning. There are two restaurants and one cafe on the premises but we didn't visit any of them so I can't comment on them.The downside of it being so close to the tube is that trains run overground right next to the hotel so they make some noise. We're not light sleepers though so we were not bothered by it at all. The only really negative thing is that there is a paper thin door joining your room to one of the neighboring rooms (locked of course). There was even a 1 cm gap under it so we could see if the neighbors had the lights on or not. A couple of days before we were due to leave an american couple checked in to that room after we had gone to bed and they were somewhat loud and we could hear them as if they were in our room. The time difference for them kept them and us up till 1AM that night. I think they didn't realize that they were disturbing us until they could hear us the next day because the next day they we're much quiter.All in all, it's a pretty good hotel and I would recommend staying there.	
Jul 21 2008	Nice Hotel perfect location	I have just returned from a weekend break in London staying at the Copthorne Tara Hotel in Kensington This is my fourth stay at this Hotel &amp; it was just as good if not better than previous visits The reception spacious and very welcoming the staff very polite &amp; helpfull. The bedrooms while not huge were clean &amp; very comfortable We only had breakfast in the Hotel but it was always hot &amp; plentifull the staff worked very hard to ensure plates were taken away &amp; hot drinks replenished. Kensington High Street tube station is only a few minutes walk away it is best to get a day pass which gives you unlimited use of tube &amp; bus travel. There are many shops &amp; cafes on the High Street a nice place to eat is Balans which serves fresh food perfectly cooked and does a mean cocktail! There is a food court on the 1st floor of Barkers Arcade which sells everything from jacket potatoes to oysters &amp; champagne &amp; is very reasonable The shop itself sells evey type of food you could wish for. All in all a very good hotel in a nice area cant wait for my next visit!	
Jul 20 2008 	nice hotel nothing exceptional though.	For the price i paid, i guess i shouldn't really complain about anything. If i had paid the £100 plus for 1 nights stay, then i wouldn't have been happy. I have stayed in better 4 star hotels in london for that price range. For me this was more a 3 star hotel.Positives - location only 5 mins walk to tube station, shops, eating places and great for rest of london.friendly staffclean hotel and roomslovely reception area and liftsinternet access in rooms but didn't use it, also had a fridge you can use in room.Great if you are doing london on a budget, since the hotel doesn't offer breakfast in the price.Negative (well not really negatives, just me grumbling)no breakfast is provided as part of the price, that is extra if you want it.The room was tired looking and dated, the finish wasn't the highest standard. Our room was on 10th floor overlooking the station. Some noise was experienced from trains but not overbearing. If your a light sleeper, avoid!Overall, you can't go wrong with this hotel. However don't stay there for the standard prices they charge - simply not worth the money.	
Jul 13 2008 	slightly above average for its price range	The price was reasonable - about 100 pounds a night for two twin beds. The room was average size but the bathroom was a bit above average by London hotel standards. The room was nothing fancy and the furniture was generic and not particularly nice but the room was clean which was more important to us. The beds were fine. Again nothing special but certainly passable. The staff was friendly and helpful. We took an overnight flight to London from New York and arrived at the hotel by 10 am and they checked us in right away. There was not much of a view from the room but the location is fantastic - three to five minute walk to the Kensington High Street tube station and ten to fifteen minute walk to Gloucester Road and Earl's Court tube stations. There are restaurants and pubs in the hotel which are okay but I would recommend exploring the neighborhood a bit for less tourist saturated locales. The hotel also has a small cafe with a few internet terminals that are reasonably priced. The television service was terrible but we didn't stay there to watch TV. The gym was small and a bit expensive. I would recommend this for someone on a budget but who still wants something a bit better than an easyhotel / daysinn type place.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Hotel	We booked this hotel through Priceline. We had never used Priceline before so after reading these mixed reviews we were a little dubious about what to expect. All I can say is that it was fantastic. The staff at the hotel were helpful and polite. Although check out was at noon we were able to leave our bags with hotel services whilst we spent another day in London picking them up before we left for home at 7.30pm The room was clean and comfortable and the shower very powerful. No mini bar but a fridge that was great for keeping milk in for extra tea and coffee. A gentle rumble from the underground station could be heard in our room, but the peaceful position the friendly staff and the fantastic value far outweighed this slight inconvenience. We would definitely stay in this hotel again. Great value, great position, great staff.	
Jun 22 2008 	Not the hotel it thinks it is	OK Lots of good things about Copthorne TaraLocation quite good - plenty bus services and underground ten minutes walk away. There are always plenty cabs on an adjacent rank.Check in quick, pleasant and efficientBig bed, good range of complimentary toiletriesHigh shower pressure - admittedly I was on 2nd floor.Working TV with half decent range of channels but it's 2008 - all hotels of this supposed 4* standard should have the fully available Sky range of channels and my TV remote had a mind of its own.The work area was good although the power sockets were down at floor level - needs an upgrade here. (Manager - check Marriott Heathrow for good layout)And GBP15 for WiFi - come on! - I know that's what most London hotels are now charging so go to a Vodaphone store for a G3 USB kit. If you stay often in London hotels this will pay for itself in weeks.There was also an empty fridge - well doneWho needs an expensive hotel room mini-bar fridge any more?The main cocktail bar near reception is good, with an excellent range of beers, pleasant bar staff and fast sandwich serviceBad thingsThe walls between my room and an adjacent room were paper thin - or at least I could hear virtually every word being exchanged by the couple in the next room - sorry 242 or was it 238?The heating/ cooling system is ancient and makes banging noises.And bane of my life - when will hoteliers stop providing baths (instead of stand-alone showers) that older less agile guests have to climb into so they can have the shower curtain wrap round them. Anyway isn't it time all hotels installed those bow curtain rails which hold the darn things away from you while the water is on???Mr Manager - stay overnight in room 240 sometime soon	
Jun 18 2008 	Superb Location and actually quite a good hotel!	We booked the Hotel through Priceline and got a superb rate for a London hotel. Admittedly I wouldn't have paid the full rate but thats no reflection on the Hotel, just the prices for London!I was a little dubious having read previous reviews but I need not have been. I mean when its stated that you can check in after 3pm and you try earlier chances are you will get a negative response!I found all staff I dealt with to be curteous, polite and professional. Even down to the Bar staff remembering what you previously ordered when you return to the bar, a small detail but it goes a long way.My rate didn't include breakfast and due to our schedule I didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on the food.Our room was on the Mezzanine floor and was quite basic in its appearance but had everything you need and was clean. The shower was excellent, very good water pressure and temperature. Room was air-conditioned and as the weather was humid this was a great help.This hotel benefits from an excellent location. It is a 200 yard walk from Kensington High Street and its Tube Station which is on both the Central and District Lines. Meaning Theatreland is about 20 minutes away and only 1 train change. Considering it is in a busy area the rooms are well insulated from outside noise and you would never know that the tubeline runs overground for a short period within 30 meters of the building.	
Jun 12 2008 	Overpriced and in need to a facelift	Could not check in until 3pm, very unhelpful reception staff.When we did check in we could not get non smoking rooms, even though we had booked well in advance and specified the rooms we required.We stayed on the fith floor and the whole floor had a strange urine type smell. I complained about the smell but nobody was in the slightest interested, very poor customer service in my opinion.The bathrooms are in need of a refit but at least the bedding was clean.At a heafty £120 per room (breakfast not inc) I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Very poor value for money.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great hotel!	My hubby and I stayed here during our first trip to London. We got teh hotel on Priceline through name your own price. We ended up paying $100/night for the place. This hotel is great. It was so close to the tube stop (which was well located on the tube line) as well as restaurants, shopping and a huge grocery store. From the outside, the building looks dated but the inside is nice. The lobby looks great and has computers with internet (a fee) as well as a little cafe (with great food and great prices 1.25 pounds for a huge muffin!). They also have a good restaurant that serves Chinese food (good too). We wrote an email to the hotel before our trip requesting a room on an upper floor that had been updated. We checked-in (not until 3pm though) and got a nice room. It had 2 twin beds that were so comfortable!!! The room did not seem small and the bathroom was fine. We even had a fride that was free for any of our leftovers or groceries. The conceirge was quite helpful. We really enjoyed staying here.	
May 29 2008 	Its fine-Clean comfortable safe and affordable in a great part of London	It has been seven years since I stayed in this hotel, and I noted the improvements. We stayed on the second floor in a room that has been refurbished. it was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The hotel package offered a full breakfast, which was fine. Service from the staff I encountered (front desk, bar, breakfast, concierge) were polite, fast and efficient. The hotel is in a great part of town, and is very close to the tube.I would reccomend it. My price was 123 GBP including VAT. which I consider a pretty good rate for this hotel in this part of London.	
May 28 2008 	Convention Center Hotel : Good for Groups	Stayed at hotel w/20 business colleagues for 3 nights. The hotel has a great location in Kensington off High Street and very close to Tube. 20 min walk to Knightsbridge or Hyde Park. Beautiful area. The guest rooms are dated but very clean. Lots of brass and floral prints in this huge hotel. The lobby is unimpressive -- feels like a convention center hotels (lots of airline staff, international travel groups, buses, etc). Breakfast was included in rate. Decent cold buffet set up on bar (full working bar in evening-- rather odd at breakfast). Guests must pay for very small fitness center (very, very tiny...maybe 5 machines).Hotel is very clean- very mediocre stay- definitely worth the price- value-driven. Don't stay here if you want something impressive...hotel is very mid-level...just fine for business travel or London on a budget.	
May 26 2008 	not bad at all	I read all the negative reviews and pleasantly surprised. Very decent hotel especially for half of the price I paid with priceline.	
May 26 2008 	Double booked room extras not worth it...	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend break, initially very pleased and happy to have paid for access to premium bar etc, after returning from an evening out we began to realise the gloss was fading! went to premium lounge, to find every table littered with dirty cups and glasses and no available drinks as paid for.Went to bed only to be woken at 5.45am by a very irate man who had been given our room and was demanding we left!. I contacted reception who said they had double booked our room and sorry for confusion :-(When checking out they did not offer any reason or apology.The room was on the 11th floor and and was looking tired, with paint and plaster coming away from the window reveals.The room smelt OK (air freshener) when arriving but upon returning later smelt musty.VERY disappointed with this hotel, they seem to rely on a high turnover of short stays and return custom in not a consideration.	
May 23 2008 	A very good base and value for a London hotel.	The location is excellent-- 2 blocks from the Kensington High Street tube station. The hotel is ugly on the outside but is nice on the inside. The rooms were comfortable, especially compared to other european hotels we have stayed in. The front desk staff was very nice and they let us check into our room 2 hours early. The concierge was very helpful with directions. There is a Boots and a Whole Foods a couple of blocks away on High Street. There is a great coffee shop on the way (Caffe Nero) where we did breakfast a couple of times. The Marks and Spencer near the tube station is also a great place to get food and take back to your room. .	
May 17 2008 	Excellent location - rooms tired!	Location and parking excellent. Lobby, Bar etc excellent. Room adequate, but desperately in need of refurb. No way is this room 4*. Reception staff disappointing. Requested an extra pillow (simple request). Ten hours later, return after theatre - no extra pillow.	
May 16 2008 	Some reviewers must have stayed at a different hotel!	My daughter and I spent 4 nights at the Copthorne Tara and thought it was very nice. We had a room on the top (12th) floor with a nice view, very clean and comfortable, good bathroom. Concierge service was pleasant and efficient, breakfast was very good, location very convenient to tube station and shopping. We bought food at Whole Foods and had a couple of meals in the room, which saved money and energy. Having read some of the recent negative reviews, I really wonder if we were staying in the same hotel. A suggestion: before signing up for a tour of the city, we recommend taking the No. 11 bus from Liverpool Station to Chelsea. If you have a tube pass, it can be used on the bus as well. This bus passes Picadilly, Fleet Street, St. Paul's, Trafalgar Square, Westminster, Sloane Square and the heart of Chelsea. You can get off and on and spend the day with virtually no expense.	
May 15 2008 	Clean quiet great location - fabulous!	I booked through Priceline's UK site, think the Americans get a far better deal than we do as this cost me £61 a night including charges and tax - far more than the other prices quoted on here.The location was perfect for me as I was working at The Royal Albert Hall for a couple of nights, just a couple of bus stops away. High Street Kensington is a very short walk from the hotel.I requested a quiet room and was very impressed with how quiet it was. I stayed at another hotel in London last week and I did not get much sleep due to the constant noise outside the window (a broken window!)I was very impressed with the room, after reading the reviews on here I was concerned. I am quite particular and will complain if I feel the need to, but everything was great and I highly recommend this hotel - as long as you get a good price.	
May 13 2008	Good location fair to fairly good hotel	This was the second time I've stayed here, and evidently some rooms are much nicer and cleaner than others. The room I had during my previous trip was larger, cleaner, and had a great view. I booked this through priceline at a decent rate, so I can't complain too much, and the location is excellent, close to tube, shopping, supermarkets, etc. However, as another poster stated UK hotels can be a notch down USA standards. The hallway was very hot and smelled musty. The bathroom in my room hadn't been cleaned properly, and the towels had small faded stains. The sink drained slowly. By London standards the room was a decent size, and it had a fridge which was a nice option plus a tea/coffee maker, iron, hair dryer, pay internet access, temperature control, medium size tv, and fairly comfortable bed. The furniture and decorations were a bit dated and worn, but not horrible. If you can book this at a decent rate, it's worth considering, otherwise maybe not.	
May 12 2008 	Great value from Priceline	My husband and I used Priceline for the name your own price deal and got a great deal at this hotel. We were very happy with the location because it is in a good neighborhood and very close to the subway station. The subway in London is very easy to use and you can get all over town using it. We bought an unlimited day pass which was the best option. This hotel was also within walking distance to Kensington Palace and Hyde Park. The rooms were fine and clean. We didn't eat at the restaurant but had some drinks at the bar. The staff was nice and they even allowed us to check in early. Overall, we were very happy with this hotel and the price was amazing for London.	
May 8 2008 	for under 50 pounds a night......I LOVE IT!!!!	Booked this hotel through a pl bid of 98usd a night for 1 week..... my parents came with us so we had 2 separate rooms with queen beds. (Read my other reviews to see my other London experiences.... this is by far a 10 compared to the others)Every time i stay in London, it feels like i have to pay extra for just about everything, stupid weight sensored mini bars etc..... this hotel is NOT like that....both rooms had their own mini fridges that were totally empty, a coffee maker with free tea and coffee every morning, and a wicked location...one and a half minute to the tube or the number nine bus that takes you to picadilly in 25 mins... the shower was like getting blasted with a power washer and tons of hot water to boot..... the guest services were amazingly helpful for everything.... my only downside was when i checked out this morning.... some non-British buffoon named Volton who worked as a checkout person at the front desk gave me major attitude when i asked him if he could please help expedite our checkout as we didn't want to be late for the gatwick express.... probably a better idea to check out the night before as i am sure the wee hour in the morning staff aren't as well versed as the English on public relations..... grab this hotel on priceline...you will be glad you did	
Apr 25 2008 	Tara not up to scratch	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for one night while travelling to London from the Isle of Man on business. We chose this hotel as it was graded as 4 star. We arrived there mid day and checked in. I am not too keen on being high up in hotels and mentioned this to the clerk. They then assigned me a room on the 10th floor (out of 12) saying the hotel was full. Travelling up in the lift, it got hotter and hotter and when arriving at the 10th floor, the heat was like a sauna. Got into the room which was even more air-less and hot, also very cramped. The hotel is in serious need of refurbishment as it is looking very tatty. I didn't want to stay in that particular room so went back to the lobby and spoke to another clerk who was amazed I was put on the 10th floor. After a few minutes she changed our room to a lower floor (the mezzanine) which was kind of her but it was a disabled room - no problem with that, except it smelt of urine and could have been cleaned better. For dinner that night, we ate in the hotel bar restaurant as we didn't want Asian food that night (the only other choice on site) To describe the food as bland in colour and taste would be an understatement. To their credit, the management received our complaints graciously and offered us a 50% discount on the meal, which we accepted. We felt that we should have complained as the food did not reflect the 4 star badging. The staff were very courteous and did their best to resolve our issues. To summarise, we were disappointed with our stay and would not recommend it or choose to stay there again.	
Apr 18 2008 	nice but we felt slightly ripped off	I was in London with my wife and 2 year old son, so it wasn't the right trip for some $75 a night hovel off Bayswater Road with a shared bathroom. I decided to spend the extra money to get a decent room for us. I booked the room for $160 a night through Priceline- which isn't that much for a hotel in London, I admit.The hotel is very nice, but it just needs to be said that hotel standards in England are down a serious notch from the average business hotel in America. I don't get it, really, but we showed up and found that their normal policy for a married couple is two twin beds. Call me picky, but I've been out of the dorms for 20 years and don't sleep in a twin bed anymore. To get a queen sized bed, we had to pay an additional $40 a night to upgrade to their &quot;junior executive&quot; package or some such ridiculousness. For the $40 we got a bed we could sleep in, free internet in the room (which didn't work), a paper of our choice delivered in the morning (I chose the Times and it never came the whole time we were there) and free continental breakfast in the executive lounge (muffins in a room separate from the other guests). Earlier in the trip we stayed at the Hilton in Holland Park which cost less and provided a better level of comfort and service- and which did not have trains from the underground station rumbling the room all day and night. The Copthorne Tara would be suitable for a business person on a trip, but it wasn't great for a family.	
Apr 15 2008 	Get it cheap or maybe not at all	For the positive, the location is not that far from the Kensington High Street Tube location. There is an uphill walk (only 6 mins or so) from the hotel to the station which is moderately difficult if you are dragging baggage.They also did allow us to check bags before we checked in and after we checked out-- which was useful because we traveled by train.A final positive--really the only thing that made our stay worth it--was the price we got through priceline. Even with the fees and the horrible exchange rate (2:1), we managed to book it for two nights at around $100/night.Unfortunately, the reception staff was cold and unhelpful--nothing like riding a train all night from Edinburgh and dealing with a couple of unsmiling, unhumorous, zombie-eyed staff.We were given the &quot;priceline&quot; treatment and (after a 20 minute wait for the room to be &quot;cleaned up&quot; even though it was near to 6:00PM) put into a room on the first floor with a lovely view of the tar and blackened roof and the building next door. The room was small and it's age was evident throughout the bathroom and furniture.In all the places we stayed in Europe, this one stood out as being the one we least enjoyed. I'm not sure what you get if you pay full price, but from a priceline customer perspective expect the equivalent of a motel room for your money(albeit it a pretty good location).	
Apr 13 2008 	Excellent location and service in a tired hotel	Solo traveler visiting this hotel last month. Wonderful location. Easy access to tube; right in smashing Kensington. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The problem is the hotel itself. Booked a Club Room, which is advertised as larger. This wasn't true from what I saw. The room was clean, but very worn around the edges: old carpets and furniture; sad towels; older TV and very small closet area. Lighting in room was also poor. Hotel has a small gym, which was decent, but you had to go get a key every time you wanted to use it. Which wasn't easy with the always crowded reception desk.My room included daily breakfast, which was fine but a bit sparse and nightly drinks and snacks. Only went one night, but the snacks were old pretzels. Very strange.Good point: In club room, you get free internet access in the club lounge. That was very nice.If you are only looking for location, this hotel can serve the need. It is very close to things and easy to be based from. If you are looking for a special hotel experience, this isn't it.	
Apr 10 2008 	Good but not Great	The location is great - a three minute walk from High Street Kensington station. However, that also means some of the rooms are right over the tracks, didn't bother us, but a light sleeper could be bothered. Our room was clean, but our family member's room had a big stain in the carpet. The shower had awesome water pressure and it was a nice bathroom. Our room was very big and quite nice. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel staff was nice, but when asked pretty typical &quot;tourist questions&quot; they seemed to be guessing. There are surely nicer and more quaint/cute places in London, but for the price this was a very nice, newer hotel. Close to great Thai food on Kensington Church Street. We'll keep it in our back pocket for a &quot;sure bet&quot; convenient stay our next time in London.	
Apr 9 2008 	Basic but excellent location	Clearly there has been some recent investment in this hotel. The reception area, large bar and brasserie are well appointed and service is satisfactory. The rooms though are basic and for £100+ for a single room the beds are small and the noise from the underground line behind is not inconsiderable. By no means a bad hotel but dont come expecting Kensington luxury.	
Apr 7 2008 	Looks Nice but Looks cn be deceptive	I booked this hotel for a 3 day business trip to London as I had previously stayed at the Millenium Copthorne in Glasgow and was impressed with the quality and standard of service there. This couldn't have been more different from my experience at the Tara. On arrival the Foyer is very nice, clean and the reception staff where helpful.The room was completely different, it obviously hadn't been cleaned that day or at any time recently, the bath was filthy and the carpet didn't appear to have ever made contact with a vacuum cleaner. I contacted reception and was moved to another room. Although the second room was not what I would describe as 4 star it was at least clean. I would have liked to have used the trouser press however after opening the discreet cupboard I found that the cupboard was bare. During my stay I had to approach the reception staff a number of times and found that the staff had varying levels of understanding of English and extremely varying understanding of what makes for good customer service. I had to request additional coffee and was told that I should go back to my room and call housekeeping as I was about to leave for a meeting I asked the member of staff if she could organise this for me and was told in broken english that they were different departments and should call housekeeping on my return. Again I asked if she could call them for me and eventually without another word she pressed a few buttons on the telephone and handed the handset to me. Breakfast was passable and mostly edible but again the customer service left a lot to be desired with the staff more interested in catching up on everyone's activities the night before rather than ensuring that their customers were happy. This also was my one and only experience in the hotel bar none of the staff within the bar spoke english as a first language and they again were more interested in catching up with gossip than serving the paying customers.Overall I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would suggest if you would like a clean and pleasant stay in London I would suggest you book in to a Premier Inn.	
Mar 31 2008 	Avoid the Copthorne Tara Hotel and bidding for a hotel on Priceline!	Avoid the Copthorne Tara Hotel and avoid 'blind' bidding for a hotel on Priceline! This hotel is of the standard that we in the US would expect of a roadside motel in an industrial area of a major city. As we approached the hotel to check in I felt as if I was approaching a 2-star hotel in an eastern block country! The location is good - close to the tube - though Kensington High Street can be a difficult station to get to from elsewhere in London (on few routes). The young lady at the front desk was very friendly.I have been to London numerous times. This hotel is generously a 2-star hotel by typical London standards. I am very unhappy with Priceline. I searched all of their London properties in Kensington and the Tara was not listed as an option. The other 4-star hotels would have been acceptable so I decided to bid on a 4-star. My bid was accepted and I was left feeling that Priceline 'baited and switched' on me when they assigned me this hotel. Most sites do not list this as 4-star so I was very surprised when I was given this hotel that I had previously ruled out based on what I had read on Tripadvisor.This hotel smells very bad. It is a moldy, old smell. The bathrooms look institutional. The shower is dangerous as it is about a 3 foot stepdown with very high sides of the tub. There was no shower curtain liner (moldy shower curtain - gross!). The hotel does have good water pressure and scalding hot water in the shower. We stayed here a week. Our sheets were only changed once. The towels have the consistency of a heavy grain sandpaper. The carpet and furnishings were stained. There is an ancient TV in the room and there are 8 to 10 channels - 4 of which were not English speaking channels. I left this hotel with a very bad rash around both ankles and up one of my legs and on one arm. This became progressively worse during the stay. I am not familiar with what bedbug bites look like but was very concerned. Once I arrived back home this cleared up very quickly...Do not use the concierge service at the hotel. We noticed that all of these services were overpriced. Concierge will try to tell you to get a car service instead of a taxi - I presume they get a kickback from this. You do not need a car service. Even very early in the morning you can simply walk up to the High Street and hail a cab. I did this at 4 am one morning when I was heading to Paris for the day.You can get a reservation at this hotel for about $80 per night. It is not worth this. I would have gladly paid double this for a true 4-star hotel. Priceline will not work with me toward an acceptable resolution to this horrible stay. They simply say that this is the hotels issue and not theirs. The hotel has not returned emails, either.Travel to London is quite expensive - but don't stay here to try to make the trip more economical. It is not worth being unhappy on vacation!Happy Travels!	
Mar 31 2008	Could be worse	We booked this hotel for three nights through Priceline and had high expectations since it was listed as a four-star hotel. We immediately noticed the wonderful location-it is near to the Tube (subway system), lots of shops and restaurants. Everything is within walking distance. As we walked up to and into the hotel, the appearance of the hotel was very nice. You would expect at a four star hotel to have assistance into the hotel with your luggage-but this was not the case at this hotel. Our expectations continue to fall at the reception desk where the staff were not as polite as would be expected. This appears to be an older hotel and the decor and set up in the room matched its age. There are only twin beds in the rooms. When we initially arrived, we stayed on the 3rd floor-the smoking floor, which we had specifically asked not to have. The bathroom was dirty and I found a roach crawling on the floor! We asked to switch rooms, but due to unavailability, we had to wait a night. The 10th floor was much better, but the bathroom was dirty. The concierge's desk was wonderful! They were helpful, supportive, and went above-and-beyond the call of duty in helping us. Great location, great concierge's desk. Room service was good, but very expensive! Better to walk to the Whole Foods on the main road and grab food from there! If you are just using the room to sleep in-and trying to get a good deal-go with this hotel. Aim low on Priceline so you feel better about staying in this location. If we had to do it again, we probably would go with a different hotel. It was a so-so experience.	
Mar 28 2008 	Excellent Location	Stayed here for two nights on 24th March 2008.This is a &quot;reasonable&quot; 4* as London goes! Have stayed here on two other occasions when attending events at Earls Court, (10min walk away).As my wife and I were seeing the REM gig at the Royal Albert Hall on the Easter Monday, (15min walk away), decided that this would suit our needs once again. Yes, there are some issues as other posters have commented on but the cost IS very reasonable. I felt the staff were very good on this visit. We booked a Club room on the 11th floor and the room was clean and adequate for our needs, (It was only used for sleeping as we were out all day!). It included complimentary Broadband Internet access, use of the Club Lounge, the Fitness Room with crosstrainers, treadmills and room for warm/down and stretchingThe &quot;Club&quot; lounge has a long, long way to catch up that of the &quot;Hilton&quot; group as it only has a machine for tea/coffee/hot chocolate, but is open 24hrs by swiping your key card in the door. The alcohol comprises of lager or wine and is served between 6.45 - 8.15pm.....But, as I said it is reflected in the price. There are also two complimentary computers with Broadband Internet access.The breakfast was included in our price and was very good and plentiful. Not being too keen on the scrambled eggs, they made us excellent cheese omelettes.We have stayed at many 5* hotels in London including Claridge’s and paid quadruple the cost of here. However, for the area we wanted this does represent value for money.We used Superbreak including 1st class rail tickets which couldn't be beaten.	
Mar 20 2008 	Throughouly Pleased	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara from March 13-18. We couldn't have been more pleased. The location is great - 5 minute walk to High Street Kensington tube. We stayed on the 6th floor facing opposite the tube tracks, noise wasn't an issue. I'm sure it wouldn't have been either as we were so tired at the end of the day. We stayed in a standard room with two twin beds. The beds were so comfortable and each bed had two pillows. The rooms were a good size. After reading reviews about bed bugs we took no chance and slept on top of the duvet and used the extra blankets provided on the shelf of the closet. Nice size dresser and closet. The bathroom was large as well. The only problem with the bathroom was the sink had two seperate faucets for hot and cold water. There were no washcloths either and after showering there was a lot of water on the floor - I believe from the way the shower curtain was. We just sopped the water up from our used towels. The water pressure was phenomenal though. About the reviews of the furniture - it was dated - so what , we only spent time in our room to sleep, shower and relax before bed. We did not have the breakfast included, so we ate breakfast at McDonalds every morning. It's right across the street from the tube station. We started our day early and the Muffin Man restuarant was not open when we left the hotel. Their internet is quite expensive. They have four computers in the cafe area and run one pound for 10 minutes. We found internet access at Easy Internet located in the Subway sandwhich shop on High Street Kensington a few stores down from the Tesco Express. 2 pounds for 60 minutes. They have approx. 35 computers there. We felt safe walking back to the hotel after 10 pm. The staff were very nice and accomodating. Since we were on a slight budget, I bought beer at the Tesco Express and brought it back to the hotel and kept it in the small refrigerator, but didn't notice the bottle opener located on the bathroom wall until the day before we left. Before that, I went down to the bar and had them open it for me. They did it, but always gave me a look and I felt like a cheapskate. One night we ordered room service and the food was very good and the service quite fast.Overall, the hotel was great. We would definately stay there again. We got it on priceline for $110 a night.	
Mar 13 2008 	OK for 4star	Stayed here for 3 nights, room was clean but decor was a bit rough! Excellent location and firendly staff although breakfast was not great for the price and the noise from the Underground was a bit annoying at times but could live with it	
Mar 12 2008	Great location	We staying in this hotel while on a weekend break to London and found it an excellent hotel. It was in a great location just off Kensington High Street and right near the tube station. The staff were very helpful and the hotel was really nicely presented and our room was very nice.Having read some other reviews prior to staying there I was a bit worried that we would be disturbed by the noise of the trains as the hotel does overlook a tube line towards the rear hower it didnt bother us at all.The only negative comment I would give this hotel is that the breakfasts are a little pricey - £15 per person for a full english however there is a a cafe just around the corner from the hotel call the muffin man which served breakfasts at a more reasonable price and obviously there are many other places in London to get breakfast if you dont want to pay the hotel prices.Overall this hotel was excellent - perfect for a weekend break to enable you to enjoy the sights of London!	
Mar 10 2008	Always a hit or miss.	Always seem to get this property when bidding for a 4 star in London. Location is excellent, near Kensington High Street tube station, M&amp;S, drug store and Cafe Nero, as well as myriad shopping opportunities along K. H. St. East facing rooms look out on the tube tracks, so always ask for a West facing room on a higher floor. Most recent stay in 2/2008 was good (Room 711). Nice room with large queen bed. Looked like new carpet, but same tired furniture. Bathroom fitted with al the regular stuff and excellent water pressure. Previous stays were terrible. Worn shredded carpet, dirty linens. TV has only a minimal selection of channels. Nothing in this hotel is free. Wifi close to US$40 per day. Expensive gift shop. This is a behemoth of a hotel so service can be impersonal.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	This hotel has an excellent location, around the corner from High Street Kensington tube station. The outside of the hotel is not great &amp; if you where to go on first impressions you might not want to go indoors but do as on the inside it's a gem of a hotel. It certainly deserves it's 4 stars. Staff are very helpful, rooms are spacious, comfortable beds, teas made. The back of the hotel has the train tracks behind it but it does not keep you awake all night. Breakfast is great, plenty of choice. The bar has nice atmosphere, friendly staff and serve food till after 11pm. Room service on the same menu is available 24 hours. There is a coffee dock, shop, concierge, guest services &amp; currency exchange all available in the foyer. I would definately book this hotel again!!!	
Mar 9 2008 	Great location excellent helpful staff	Excellent location in Kensington, one minute to the Tube station. Staff friendly and very helpful. Rooms good size with a lovely tea station. Be careful which side of the hotel you stay on -- one side faces the train tracks.	
Mar 6 2008 	Good value for London weekend break	Stayed in the Copthorne Tara 29 February to 1 March. It's the fourth London Hotel we've stayed in the past couple of years. My wife and I thought it represented excellent value, for weekend in London. We booked through Superbreak, so got cheap rail fare. Yes, it's a big, ugly building, but check out other reviews, as inside it's fine. Staff were helpful, rooms quiet, breakfast good. Although they could do with getting their act together a bit better with the toast - seemed to arrive sporadically at a communal table. Lots of hotels now have a make your own toast machine, so I can't see why the Copthorne can't. Anyway that's a bit picky - we enjoyed our stay; good location a couple of minutes from Kensington High Street Tube. We packed in three plays (History Boys for second time - great, and Dealer's Choice at Trafalgar Studios, equally good) and were back from Leicester in around 20 minutes.	
Mar 5 2008 	Don't panic - it could be a lot worse	I too got pricelined into this hotel and had a small moment of panic when I read the reviews - but don't panic (unless you paid more than $100 or so). It's really not that bad. True, it is nowhere near a 4-star hotel - think Holiday Inn, but with older plumbing. That said, I bid 40 pounds for a &quot;4 Star&quot; in Kensington and given the exchange rate on the USD, I was pretty happy with what we got. The pros - you can get it cheap on priceline (they call it four stars). Great location 2 blocks from Kensington High St tube and lots of buses. Nice public areas downstairs. Room was clean and non-smoking rooms were readily available, and 10th floor at least was quiet at night. The cons - they charged us an unbelievable 20 pounds ($40!!!) for an eight minute phone call to a local London number. I almost cried. But then I remembered that we only paid 40 for the room, so it seemed inevitable that they'd get it back somewhere. Another con - annoying sink with separate hot and cold faucets, so you're either freezing or burning your hands off in the bathroom. And when it was windy, you could hear and feel it in the room - plus the windows were covered in that weird sticky tinted paper (presumably to increase energy efficiency?)So yeah, it's not a palace, but again if you don't pay too much, you'll be happy with the location and transit nearby. Plus there are lots of cheap food options nearby (and Europe's first and only Whole Foods is just down the street).	
Feb 26 2008 	Great value for a good location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in March of 2006, and I wasn't at all sure what to expect, this being my first trip to London. As most people have noted, the location of the hotel was the highlight. Minutes to the tube and High Street, and only a short walk to Kensington Palace made this a great stay. The room itself wasn't great, with the peeling paint and old bathroom, but being as we only slept there, these issues were negligable. Provided we could get another great deal to stay here (we stayed for 50% less than the posted room rates,) I would defnitely book this hotel on our next trip.	
Feb 25 2008 	Over-rated ratty hotel	Anybody expecting a 3-star hotel is going to be disappointed.First, the good....1. Concierge was very good. Helped direct us to restaurants and helped with a power adapter2. il Portico (recommended by concierge) family-owned Italian restaurant about 15-20 walk away was greatNow, the bad...1. Holes in the walls2. Stains on the floor3. Lousy plumbing (it's London, but still.....)4. Moldy shower	
Feb 21 2008 	Good clean and comfortable	This hotel is pretty good for London. In other words, good value and with clean, comfortable and good sized rooms.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location	Great location, just a couple of minutes from High Street Kensington, with its tube and buses. Rooms on the small side and very warm; bathroom has a reasonable shower and bath with toileteries and a hairdryer provided. We had a view over the Albert Hall and London Eye but also the underground running just beside the hotel. I thought that might keep me awake but I didn't even notice it after the first night. Otherwise very quiet for such a central location. The room had a good sized fridge and a kettle. Excellent continental breakfast but make sure you get a breakfast-inclusive rate! Very good friendly sevice in the restaurant - food not bad either.	
Feb 20 2008 	Theatre Weekend	I stayed with my wife in the Copthorne Tara from 15 th to 17 th of February 2008. I have stayed there before on two seperate occassions but this was the first time as a base for a theatre weekend. The position is excellent a couple of hundred yards from Kensington Hight Street Tube Station.TheTube Station is well served and I would recommend this hotel for sightseeing,theatre ,shopping and the museums.The hotel was clean ,and processed us to our room very quickly.We had the continental brekfast on both mornings and found it excellent. It is served in a smaller quieter area off the main restaurant and is all the better fot that.The bar at night feels like a graveyard with lights.Our room looked a little tired and was a little hot but I find that of most hotels anyway. The room was on the 9 th floor at the back. This might be a little noisy for some as it overlooks the tube/railway Station. We did not really notice as we were too tired from sightseeing to care but I think that it might get a little trying if you are a light sleeper. I enjoyed the experience and at the price thought that it was a good deal.	
Feb 19 2008 	Pleasantly surprised....	After finding out that this was the hotel that accepted my Priceline bid and reading the reviews, I was SOOOO nervous about this hotel. My husband and I just got back from our four day stay and yes, the place could do with some upgrading, particulary the bathroom but it's still a decent hotel by European standards. Plus, you CAN'T beat the location - we were right in the middle of Kensington, a close walk to the palaces, Harrods, Royal Albert Hall, shopping, restaurant and the all-important underground stop which was about a block away and really made getting around the city so convenient. We even used the underground to get to Heathrow for our return trip (55 minutes) but not a bad ride at all and a great way to see outskirts you wouldn't normally see.Overall, I would recommend this place for its affordability, relative comfort and location.	
Feb 19 2008 	Over priced everything but good location	I got this hotel using priceline (which claims it is 4 star, when almost every other site says 31/2) for $99 which I was really happy about for London. The hotels website listed 99 pounds which would have been double. However, I almost ending up paying that much anyway, and here is my biggest complaint about this hotel:Internet in your room was 20 pounds a night!!! That's right, $40!!!!!! So I ending up upgrading my room to a corporate room for 40 pounds per night which gave me free internet and breakfast in the private lounge which was quite pleasant. The location is in a pleasant shopping area in Kensington, and one block from the subway which is really nice. The rooms were clean and comfortable, but nothing exciting. I basically would recommend this hotel only if you get a great deal. And I suppose for London, I probably did.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good value hotel	Booked via BAHolidays.com. I usually stay at a 4 or 5 star hotel for some of my holidays and a good cheaper hotel for another few days. I chose this as the good cheaper hotel in 2004 and was happy with it so despite some disappointing reviews chose to stay again for New Year's Eve 2007and New Year's day 2008. Again I was not disappointed. It does not pretend to be a top London hotel. It is an honest, well located, good value for money hotel. This is London folks and given the amount of seriously horrid hotels in worse locations for the same cost or more in many instances you could not do much better. Yes, the bathroom in my room was tired with pannelling from the 70's, but the water pressure and temperature was great, the bedroom size was reasonable, the linen good, the double glazing muted the train noise very well and the staff were courteous and efficient. The continental breakfast was very satisfactory and the location really convenient with High Street Ken tube a couple of minutes away and easy access to all parts of inner London. I tried a different hotel as my cheaper selection a couple of years ago, a mistake I will not repeat. The Copthorne Tara will do me!!!	
Jan 18 2008 	good hotel	Stayed here 4 nights through work. Second floor large room, advanced lighting switch system which worked very well. Powerful a/c which allowed me to dry my soaking clothes after I was caught in a shower very easily. Only downside whole side of the hotel does back onto district/circle tube line which even with secondary double glazing can be disturbing if light sleeper , as trains run till about 12.30am. Water pressure very high - so high in fact shower was slightly too much of a power shower! Decor slightly dated but excellent bed linen/towels. Breakfast very satisfactory, continental had good selection and english was fresh and tasty. - TV had 5 channels plus couple of digital which seems to be typical for central london. This hotel is genuine 4* luxury, with excellent High St Ken location. Downsides? Tube noise and they charge a fiver to use the fitness room. Don't know what it's like - don't pay it! go for a run in nearby Kensington Palace Gardens/Hyde Park (if it ever stops bloody raining!)	
Jan 17 2008 	A good stay	I was booked into this hotel through work and was a bit apprehensive given some of the reviews, but I had a very nice stay.The hotel is about 3 minutes walk from the tube (exit tube station, turn left and left again), set back from Kensington High Street. There are a number of big name shops and a couple of Express supermarkets nearby. The area seemed fine and I had no problems even when I got back to the hotel relatively late.I rang up the day before and asked for a room that didn't face the tube, and this was done. It was a good size, a little dated but clean and well equipped. There was a fridge in the room (not a mini bar) and this was also useful. Although I was concerned about having a room directly outside the lifts, thinking the doors banking and people talking would disturb me I heard nothing as the doors were semi mechanic and shut quietly. The shower was fantastic.I didn't have a cooked breakfast but the continental spread was really good and the service very quick. Coffee was horrid though!All staff were pleasant and I would happily stay there again, both for the location and the amenities and for either business or leisure.	
Jan 13 2008 	Perfect Location	We travelled to London on the train and then hoped onto the tube. I was amazed how close the tube station was. I have stayed in many different hotels in London which are usually at good 10-15 minutes walk but this was perfect. We arrived at the Copthorne at about 12 and guessed our room would not be ready so where prepared, however on arrival we where allowed to check-in straight away!! We went up to our room and it was as we expected clean and straight out of a copthorne brochure (as they all are!). We where very happy with the accomodation and easy tube links. The hotel has a nice shop where you can buy all the snacks, drinks etc you need and the breakfast was superb. We travelled to London for my 30th birthday and it didn't dissapoint. We had a very scary (if you don''t like hights!) Champagne 'flight' on the London eye and also watched' We will rock you' and 'Footlose' at the theatre. Both of which where excellent however Footlose was my favourite. I will definetly be visiting London again and will certainly stay at the Tara.	
Jan 12 2008 	Great stay	For the price paid via Priceline, this is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. The furniture was a bit worn but the beds were comfy and the room was quite clean with all the normal amenities: restaurant, room service, cable TV, toiletries, etc. I was Very happy to stay here. It's less than 5 minutes to the High Street tube station which has a Pret, M&amp;S, Boots and more on the entrance. Nearby is also a Tesco, and Whole Foods for sandwiches and items for a continental breakfast that can be stored in the small refrigerator in each room. There are plenty of places to eat nearby and we even found a place within 10 min. walk to do laundry. Very economical (w/Priceline)- but still has the option of room service, very amiable, professional check-in and concierge personnel, and ample taxis just outside if you need them. It was perfect for us as budget travelers looking for a bit of comfort and a central location.	
Jan 5 2008	New Years Eve theft from Housekeeping	I booked this hotel with my boyfriend for a stay on New Years Eve 2007. I arrived at the hotel at around 3:30pm as I was told that I would be allowed to check in at 3pm. I was not allowed in the room until 4pm as they couldn't find a non smoking room. Very disappointing considering the amount of money I have paid for this room.My New Years eve celebrations were great outside the hotel, but unfortunately upon leaving the hotel I had discovered that I had left an expensive bottle of champagne in the fridge in my room. I immediately phoned up the hotel and they advised me that the bottle of champagne was not there and that housekeeping had never seen it.On conclusion, it would appear that their housekeeping staff have taken my bottle of champagne and not owned up to it to management for fear of loosing their job. Understandable, but not particularly great customer service don't you think? Meanwhile I go without my bottle of champagne and the housekeeper has a particularly festive new year with a free bottle of champagne courtesy of myself. Thanks Copthorne, needless to say I will NEVER be checking into your hotel again and my company will NEVER use your hotel again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Convenient for shopping and touring	We stayed here for one night. We purchased this hotel through Priceline for a total of about $120/night, so for that rate I was very satisfied, but I doubt I would pay the posted nightly rate of 225 pounds. We arrived an hour before check-in but received our room immediately. Light sleepers should beware as the side of the hotel overlooked very noisy tube tracks, and there was an odd loud whistle apparently caused by wind on the fire escapes. Otherwise, the room was satisfactory. The double bed was very comfortable, if only a full size, and our room was sufficiently spacious and clean. The bathroom was clean and the shower and bath were hot. Additional towels were provided in the closet. Bath products were nothing special.The location was one block from Kensington High Street and one more block to beautiful Hyde Park. It was very convenient for dining, shopping and boarding tour and city buses. I might have been a little nervous walking down the quiet street to the hotel in the late night had I been alone, but it is a short walk. Several cafeterias, restaurants, coffee shops and Marks &amp; Spencer are nearby.A note for carriers of electronics - the outlets were so close to the floor that some of my large plugs (e.g. laptop, phone charger) could not be plugged in. An inexpensive internet cafe was provided in the lobby (1 pound / 20 minutes).	
Jan 2 2008 	Good stay but not a 4 star one...	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara from Christmas Day to New Year's Day. My husband and I were very happy with our accomodations, for the most part. However, we don't think this hotel is 4-star as Priceline rated it (we realize they come up with their own ratings, and they don't always make sense). That said, the Tara is more like staying at a Courtyard or Holiday Inn in the states, and as long as you keep that in mind, and you get a good deal on it (we paid $150/night, but my husband found out that people were paying as little as $80 on Priceline), this is a pleasant place to stay when you are visiting London.The rooms are a bit outdated, as some other people have said, and in our room the chairs looked like they could stand to be reupholstered, and the dresser was missing a piece of wood. However, the nice white duvet and sheets made the room look more modern, and they were also comfortable. We were disappointed that there are only 9 TV channels in English. On the first night of our stay, we also had the lights come on for no reason around midnight, similar to what another reviewer reported. However, we stopped using the &quot;Master&quot; button and turning the lights off individually, and we didn't have that problem again. The separate taps on the sink are a hassle, but we didn't have any problems getting a nice hot shower (but we did have to put our foot on the knob that's supposed to turn the shower on/off and turn off the taps before the water would stop coming out of the shower head). We only ate once in the hotel, for Christmas lunch, and we liked the food and the atmosphere. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially housekeeping.If you are staying at the Tara on vacation, there really ARE lots of things to do and places to eat nearby, despite what other people have said. It's a 5 minute walk to the High Street Kensington tube station, and it's less than that if you take the path behind the medical office building directly across the street from the hotel. You can walk right into the building through a side entrance if you go that way. The Muffin Man is a great place for breakfast and it's just down the street from the hotel. Their Passion cake is delicious and way better than regular carrot cake. The food hall in the basement of the Marks &amp; Spencer at the tube station has tons of great food that's also reasonably priced. We got some pastries from the bakery and coffee from the hot food counter and ate there a few mornings. Pret a Manger (also in the tube station) sells really good sandwiches, as does Boots (the drugstore, also in the tube station). Whole Foods (in the next block past the tube station on High Street) has a HUGE dining area upstairs. The pizza is great, as are the gelato and pastries. There is also a tapas bar, a wine bar, an oyster bar, and a sushi bar. In the &quot;food court&quot; area, they sell sandwiches, salad, Mediterreanean meze, burgers, pizza, yogurt, gelato, and baked goods. Everything is reasonably priced. The Prince of Wales pub (on Kensington Church Street, just 2 doors down from *ugh* Pizza Hut) is a great place to get an ale or cider and some tasty fish and chips. The bartenders are great, and everything is very relaxed and casual.	
Jan 1 2008	Not a 4 star hotel	We booked this hotel online and it stated on the print out that &quot;no full english breakfast&quot; was included in the price, inferring that a continental breakfast would be included in the price, but alas this was not the case and I think very misleading. Most every hotel in Britain does offer breakfast as standard. Are we now adopting yet another custom from our oversea neighbours?The one good aspect of this hotel was the &quot;Irish&quot; doorman who was on day duty on 31 December 2007. He was an absolute &quot;gem&quot; and I hope the hotel values him. He was exceptionally helpful on more than one occasion and a very good ambassador for the hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	I will stay here again	Great location in West London near Kensington Palace and Knightsbridge ( Harrod's ). Pleasantly surprised to find the room had pretty good air conditioning. The room was nice sized with a large bed.The tube stop was only couple of blocks away. Checking in early was a problem and after a transatlantic flight that got in early, that can be a problem. Not many restaurants in the surrounding area.	
Dec 18 2007	Hotel Nice Food Rubbish 	Me &amp; my wife stayed at the Tara Copthorn Hotel for my 30th birthday &amp; arrived about 1 pm but couldn't check into our room (937) until after 3 pm, so decided to try the delights of the hotel bar. We were served by good bar staff called Oliver &amp; ordered a Pizza &amp; what I thought would be a Cheese, Jalapino &amp; Ham wrap. The wrap turned out to be clay cold &amp; fell apart when I picked it up, could have just stuck it in the oven for cheese to melt. My wife had a reheated piece of cardboard which could have smashed holes in the table. Even the waiter thought that this was a embarrasment to the hotel. However later that evening we tried the chinese restaurant across the corridor &amp; found the food &amp; staff excellant. We both used the bath &amp; I wasn't aware that bath sealant came in a brown mold colour, which they used on cracks in the walls. The digital lighting system was like a disco &amp; no sooner had you put one light on then another would go off. I was sure that jeremy beadle had cameras in the room &amp; we would be on the TV. The lights got even worse during the night &amp; at 1 am, 2 am just switching on at random &amp; at times I thought that someone had burst into our room, or there had been a fire!!!! It wasn't until I got up &amp; hit the light switch with a shoe that they went off for at least 3 hours, but by that time I was so tired that I didn't even notice. It got so bad that I unplugged some of the lights &amp; was thinking about smashing the bulbs, rather than phone reception &amp; have to change rooms. To top it all off we had GNER blasting up &amp; down the tracks outside the window, which sounded like someone pulling there luggage about. This is just what you need when you are trying to catch up on your sleep away from a young child.When we told the receptionist later that day on checking out she just said 'Sorry' &amp; there was no way in the world that she made any note of this or would have called someone to fix the problem, as she clearly just wasn't interested. Would definately not stay at this hotel again &amp; it is a shame as the reception area &amp; hotel looked good, but it needs a lick of paint &amp; the ghost busters!!!!!!	
Dec 11 2007 	There are much better hotels around	We'd booked this hotel through Priceline on a whim as a last minute place to stay in London (Note this was December 2004). As it was over New Year most places in the middle of town were fully booked or ludicrously expensive.Although this place wasn't close to the heart of London it is a short walk to the High Street Ken tube stop and for those who are feeling energetic you can walk along the south side of Hyde Park past the Royal Albert Hall, the Serpentine etc. The hotel itself had recently undergone renovation, that was the lobby had been re-done. The room was certainly not of the quality one would expect from the billing on the hotels webpage and our room did overlook the Tube line below. Fortunately the Tube doesn't run 24/7 and we didn't spend much time in the room. It is hard to pin down what exactly was bad about the room, it was just mediocre. It did seem pretty dated and based on what we'd seen in the lobby I got the impression we were on a floor that was yet to be refurbished.In short, it is hard to say avoid at all costs, but then I'm not going to recommend it to anyone either. There are better hotels in the heart of London that cost less than the price billed on their website.	
Dec 8 2007 	Good stay	I stayed in a twin room. The hotel was big american style. Nothing special but safe choice. The room was big enough, and so was the bathroom. Breakfast was fine as well. The location was very good, and the thai restaurant near the hotel was excellent!Negatives: people at the reception were extremely inefficient and not friendly at all. The attitude of concierge was very arrogant.	
Nov 27 2007	Stop surfing the net: Just Book this One!	After hours and hours of reading all the reviews on the net and looking for the best deal, I could have saved a lot of time by just booking this hotel in the first place. After some bad experiences with lastminute.com, we booked directly from the hotel web site and choose the weekend break deal of GBP126 plus tax p.n. for B&amp;B and a champagne cocktail each. It is a true 4 star hotel, is located just minutes from the circle/district tubes and lots of buses and has the advantage of every shop you can imagine on its doorstep. Yet it's still very quiet. It was a nice extra to have a fridge in the spacious standard twin room, so upgrading to a deluxe room is unnecessary and a quick trot to the nearby Marks and Spencer's foodhall could provide you with provisions for cheap breakfast if you choose a room only deal. While their internet cafe cost a hefty GBP8 for 30 mins and didn't have a printer, the conceriege kindly let me into the Business Room to print off my airplane boarding pass - for FREE! Typical of the many nice touches from the accommodating and friendly staff.	
Nov 19 2007 	Clean and Quiet	Great location, walk up street there is tube station and lots of shops such as Boots, M&amp;S, H&amp;M. The doorman gets a taxi for you at no extra cost. Expensive. Staff were helpful, but nearly all foreign. Rooms were clean and quite big.	
Nov 7 2007 	A Generic Hotel	I have stayed here 3 times in the past but not in the last 4 years or so.Don't expct too much from this hotel. The room I had was tired and small though I've stayed in worse and the price was OK for London.Service levels are very poor and I had reason to complain on two instances. My laundry took 2 days (no big deal but it's extremely expensive and no apology) and also the service in the restaurant for breakfast was just non existant thus I walked out.For the money savers there are a number of places on the High Street that offer full breakfasts from GBP 5.00 (hotel is GBP 15.00).On a plus side the location is excellent with the tube just minuts away on foot along with all that High Street Kensington offers (shops, bars and restaurants etc). Gettin gout and about form here is really easy.One side of the hotel overlooks the tube line so this might be an issue for light sleepers.	
Nov 3 2007 	Convenient Hotel	The Tara hotel was ok. The location was fairly convenient in Kensington. It was close to some shops but not that close to the main shopping area on Bond Street. This hotel was booked for me by my colleagues in the UK and it was disappointing because it wasn't very clean and the shower was terrible. The hotel was a little dated and breakfast was not impressive. Service was also not great. I will only stay here again if I can't get another hotel in a convenient location.	
Nov 2 2007 	Time Warp Hotel!	Got this hotel via Priceline. Arrived on the Saturday evening to be placed in the Mezzanine level, one floor up from Reception level.Reception staff were friendly and the reception area looked okay. Thefront of the hotel wasn't so pleasant, it looked very dated in my opinion!On the way to my room on the Mezzanine level, the corridor itself stank of smoke and a very stale odour which wasn't pleasant.My room was equally unpleasant. The furniture and lights were very dated and in a terrible condition - the lights has rust on them and the furniture was like something from the 80's. The bathroom was the worst - a single fluorescent strip light to illuminate the bathroom, an ancient grey dirty sink with hot and cold taps from what looked like the Victorian ages and a bath equally dirty to match, again withhot and cold taps making getting the shower temperature a nightmare. The wall and floor tiles were disgusting and dated too!All in all a shabby 80's time warp hotel that is in no way a 4 star establishment, avoid it at your peril, there are better priceline deals to be had in London!	
Oct 23 2007 	Fine no way a 4 star hotel.	Leave it to priceline to offer the 4 star hotel with the worst reviews.This hotel was fine, but far from a four star option. Everything was really outdated, but my room was reasonably quiet, the shower had decent pressure, and the bed was acceptably comfortable, so I guess that's what matters...when you are staying in a 2 star hotel. For a four star hotel, I expected more. At a four star hotel, I don't expect them to try to charge me to use the tiny hotel gym (5 pounds) or charge a spectacularly outrageous price for the internet access (20 pounds). If you get this hotel from priceline (and if you are bidding for a 4 star, this is likely what you will get), you will be disappointed but you will probably have a decent night's sleep. The hotel was also close to the High Street Kensington tube station in a nice area with lots of restaurants nearby...bottom line, I would never, ever book this hotel with the expectation of a 4 star service, but if you do end up getting this on priceline, it won't be the end of the world. Just don't overbid! I got it for $90.	
Oct 22 2007	Good if you can book it at a competitive price	I stayed here on a Saturday night in October for an all in price of Euro 140. Competitive by London standards. And the hotel, though not great, is certainly better than many of the reviewers have portrayed it. Yes the furniture and carpet in my room had seen better days and could do with replacement. But the bed was comfortable and the bedding was clean. I slept soundly, though this was probably not unconnected to the fact that I spent five hours in the fresh air out at Newmarket beforehand watching the Dewhurst Stakes and the Cesarewitch on a sun-dappled autumnal afternoon. My deep sleep was probably also facilitated by the fact that I subsequently downed several pints watching England play South Africa in the rugby final on the big screen in the hotel bar.Unlike some of the other reviewers, I did not smell the strange odors emitted by the air conditioning system. And my room on the ninth floor carried an added bonus in the form of the panoramic view it afforded me of London. So, on the basis of price and a troublefree-stay, I am giving this hotel a four star rating. But just one word of warning. Be sure and certain to affix the ' Do not Disturb' sign to the outside of your door on a Saturday night. Otherwise, as happened to some of the people in my party, the room staff will knock on your door at 8.00 a.m. on a Sunday morning. Not the most pleasant of experiences if you're feeling in any way delicate from the alcoholic excesses of the night before.	
Oct 19 2007	Good	This is a huge hotel, a few mins walk from tube. Good reception. Clean room, funny smell from air con. Breakfast was not impressive - far too busy	
Oct 8 2007 	Okay hotel Not a four star.	If this is all you can get on Priceline it will be okay. If you pay full rack rate you would be disappointed. The lobby is very nice as are the bars and restaurants. Keep in mind that some people pay 44.00 GBP for a room in a hostel without bathroom facilities.The room was clean but well worn. They need a refurbishment, carpets, furniture and paint. The rooms have been turned over way too much to not have been refurbished. The bed was actually very comfortable. There was no room safe in our room and I thought that this should be standard in a major city for a 4 star hotel.The check in staff were nice. Once of guest services staff would not call us a cab and suggested we go look for his compatriot who was out on the street. The area is very nice if you want high class shopping.	
Oct 7 2007 	Disgusting rooms	When visiting London, the cost of your hotel (and everything you do while you're there) will definitely be forefront in your mind. Don't fool yourself into believing the better reviews here since staying at the Copthorne Tara Hotel is a gamble.We booked the hotel through bookings.com and when we arrived we were given our room with speed. We went up and found the room in such bad repair that we requested a room change. The next room was slightly better and assuming that all the rooms in the hotel were just as bad we took it.Our room had burns on the ironing board, dented furniture, dirty carpet and the worst mattress--completely worn out and sagging. Mattress you find on the street during garbage pickup day are in better condition and you're left just thinking of how many people have slept on it before you to put it in such a condition.The light in the bathroom is harsh and florescent. The only nice thing that could be mentioned is that the toilet flushed well.When traveling in a large city like London your hotel room should be an oasis and the Copthrone Tara Hotel is not that. Spend a few pounds more and stay somewhere else.	
Sep 20 2007 	Pleasant Priceline surprise	I was trying to get the Holiday Inn Kensington, but ended up with the Copthorne Tara for $81 a night (plus taxes) on Priceline. The hotel is well located, only 1 block south of the High Street Kensington tube stop (Circle and District lines). The exterior is horribly ugly, but the lobby is very nice. My room on the 10th floor was in serious need of renovation, with worn furniture, a stained ironing board and an outdated bathroom - but the room was spacious (for London), the bed was comfortable, everything was clean (if a bit worn), and the furniture was solid wood. The AC was a bit old but worked well and was relatively quiet. There was a nice fridge to store drinks. I would not pay the rack rate, but the room was a great value at $81. Be warned - the hotel sits right on the Circle and District tube lines - half of the rooms overlook the train tracks. While the rooms have AC, I don't know how much tube noise there is on the lower floors facing the tube. That said, I was given a room facing away from the tracks without asking despite being a Priceline customer (and they politely referred to Priceline as my &quot;travel agency&quot;). The staff were very polite.	
Sep 11 2007 	Worse Than a Motel 6!!!!	The fact that this hotel is listed as a four star is the biggest sham ever! The service is horrible and when we arrived they told us only non-smoking rooms available then after much pleading, the reception clerk went into some room and mysteriously came out saying they located a nonsmoking room. Then we got into our room, opened the bed which was dirty and had hair all over it. The bed was extremely uncomfortable with terrible sheets. The carpet was filthy and coming apart--the room was much worse than a college dorm. I would def. not recommend this hotel and don't bid on priceline b/c if you do this is the hotel you will always get in the area.	
Sep 5 2007 	Location location location	A recent 4-night stay at the Copthorne Tara was everything we expected. The location is perfect - just off the High Street in Kensington. It's easy walking distance to the Tube and fabulous shopping (Marks &amp; Sparks, Top Shop, and much more); a pleasant stroll to Kensington Palace and its gardens; a ten minute walk to Earl's Court and its eclectic (and affordable) dining options...The staff was helpful and gracious. The continental breakfast is generous (it was included with our room rate). We didn't try the full English breakfast, which looked kind of like what you'd get for free at the Embassy Suites back on the other side of the Pond.I strongly doubt that the hotel is being turned into apartments, as one reviewer mentioned, because the day we were leaving they were beginning to refurbish the dining rooms. The interior is very well kept, the rooms on the large side for Europe, and although it's true that from the outside it's a hulking white shoebox of a building, I'd stay there again and would recommend it to my pickiest friends without a qualm.	
Aug 30 2007 	Scared by Reviews Happy with Hotel	I was terrified after reading the trip advisor reviews of this hotel. I booked the hotel through Priceline and got an amazing rate, but felt I still might regret it after all the negative reviews here. I have to say I was very pleasantly suprised. When we arrived we were offered the chance to &quot;upgrade&quot; our room for an additional 35 pounds a night. This upgrade included an executive level room, access to the fitness center, unlimited internet usage and continental breakfast (and I think some other things we didn't use). It was well worth it. The room was clean and in great condition ( I think this may have been addressed in some earlier reviews - executive rooms have been redone, the rest have not). The breakfast was filling if unspectacular. All in all I felt it was a great value. The best part was the great location - just a 5 minute walk to the Kensington High Street Tube stop and all the shops on the High Street. I would reccomend it.	
Aug 30 2007 	LOVED THE COPTHORNE TARA IN LONDON	My husband and i recently spent five days at the Copthorne Tara in London. We weren't sure as to what to expect after seeing a few negative comments about the staff. Well, the staff couldn't have been more pleasant and accomodating. They helped us to get all around town with directions, maps and suggestions. We were more than satisfied with the guest services. Also the hotel was very clean, comfortable, quiet and safe. The location in Kensington is very convenient for touring without being in crowded central London. the underground is three blocks away..	
Aug 24 2007	A Hotel Should Be Like Home!	I'll just cut to the chase and say that I ALWAYS treat a hotel like home. I went to the restaurant on the 20th of August to have my dinner, but I had my handbag robbed with all my money. The hotel were concerned at first, but made us walk to the police station (I have Primary Progressive MS, and walk with a bad limp/drag and use a stick), but in hindsight it was so the police would not be in the hotel. The next morning the made a veiled attempt at concern, but could not wait to get rid of us. They knew we had no money but they just wanted us out, out out!. Do not stay at this hotel if you want to leave your guard down.	
Aug 2 2007 	great hotel	stayed here for 3 nights was not going to after reading reviews but was fed up of trying to find hotel with great reviews rooms are big and clean and staff very friendly hotel is right near under ground and near lots of shops and plenty of places to eat.first time we stayed in london and hotel was great breakfast was very good too.	
Jul 27 2007 	Wonderful Copthorne Tara	We have just returned from London and stayed at the Copthorne Tara for 4 nights first &amp; returned for another 3 nights at the end of the trip.We stayed in a club room and were delighted at the lovely room. It was spacious &amp; very well appointed. Staying in a club room allowed us to have a very healthy and most adequate continental breakfast in the Club Lounge where there are online fascilities as well as computers for guests to use. We also had access to free teas &amp; coffees during the day &amp; free coctails in the evening. This saved us a lot of money as the extra paid for a club room more than covers all the extras given.We booked online and got excellent rates +-GBP100 per night for a double.The hotel staff were more than accommodating and helpful.Convenience to the tube is excellent and we also found a shortcut next to Boots which helped a lot esp when it was raining.I can highly recommend this hotel and will not hesitate to book there again.	
Jul 18 2007 	good location dated rooms	Location of hotel very good, just off Kensington High Street. Our room was on 9th floor, decent size but needs refurbing. Bathroom clean, as far as an old suite can be. Nice powerful shower, though. Bar meal and breakfast good, staff a bit disorganised; they took away all our drinks whilst we were at the breakfast buffet, then told us we shouldn't have all gone up together! Concierge and doorman very helpful, it was really raining hard and they went out of their way to try and get taxis for everyone. If you're driving in be warned that you'll get caught in congestion charge zone although it's literally only 20 metres inside. Overall good value for London hotel, I think.	
Jul 11 2007 	June 14 - 18 - Pleased with our stay. neighborhood underground station	Priceline doesn't let you specify 2 adults/3 kids, just how many rooms you need. We're accustomed to staying at Marriott Residence Inns where our family of 5 can comfortably lodge. That kind of arrangement is rare anywhere other than the U.S., so when we arrived the evening of June 14, we were told that we'd have to get an additional room, as no Junior rooms were available (would've been an additional cost). I was nauseous and tired so I just wanted to get check-in done - so we paid for another room. Wasn't adjoining, so hubby took the oldest child and I had the 2 little ones. We had the 6th floor.We were unable to secure a Jr room the next day, so we told them to just leave us with the original booked room and we'd make do. Turned out to be a nice sleep-over atmosphere, with the little ones on the floor by the window atop 2 doubled up comforters and a blanket folded horizontally to resemble a large sleeping bag. They slept well and thought it was pretty cool. Then again, we're pretty neat when we travel, and everything is stored away to allow us ample walking/lounging room.The room was fine, pretty much like most Holiday Inns - and it was clean. The sink and tub drains showed wear, but honestly, I'm not eating out of it, so it's OK with me. The towels are amazing! Very thirsty and comfy! The built in coffee pot and beverage amenities were nice. It was a plus to have the mini fridge to keep juice boxes and bottled water, but would've been better if a microwave were available too.My hubby noticed the urine smell that some reiewers mentioned. Since I didn't tell him about what others had said on that topic, it was surprising to hear him confirm what they said. We both agreed that it wasn't urine, however, but their cleaning solutions and the recycled air in the hotel. I couldn't smell urine, but I did smell damp/stuffy scents here and there in the hallway.The breakfast is good - but be aware that if you select the hot/cold buffet, the tickets they give you can only be used once for the hot buffet section. So unlike most buffet places in the U.S. that will allow you to do unlimited refills, the hot buffet section will request you turn in your ticket. So fill up to the max when you choose your scrambled powdered eggs, ham, sausages, home fries. Fortunately, the kids didn't all care for hot stuff, so we were able to fill up 3 additional plates and share it between hubby and myself. I'm a vegetarian, and I was pleased that there were ample options for me at the breakfast spread.The in-house restaurants are excellent - even better than most of the chain restaurants in London - especially Bugis Street (Indonesian). Such a shame that most of the English fare really isn't comparable to most of the NYC restaurants we frequent (which cost less).The walk from the hotel to my sister's apt at Point West on Cromwell Rd was nice. Avoid the Italian resturants on Cromwell - they're all below par. But highly recommend ASK (chain Italian) in the Waintrose mall.In summary, nice hotel, clean, situated well, convenient transportation options and good food on premises. I'll stay there again in the future.	
Jul 10 2007	Great deal from Priceline	Stayed at the Copthorne over July 4th week. Went with my mom (2 rooms) as part of a surprise birthday party for a family friend. Got the hotel via Priceline for $160 total, rack rate is $450. Large hotel (over 800 rooms) so I guess that there must be bad rooms. Lobby is modern. Ate breakfest 1 morning only. Service was a little slow, food good but overpriced. Full English b/f was 15 pounds. Simpler but effective b/f just up the street @ Muffin Man. Half the price (&quot;muffin&quot; is english muffin). My mom had too much fun and paid for it the next morning. Room stunk, sink clogged, what mess! They wouldn't give me a dupe key (I bought some water downstairs) and had to wait 15 minutes for someone to come up with me. Mom went to my room and I went out. 2 -3 hours. I retrurned and room was spotless. Housekeeping was excellent.  Rooms: Both had 2 twins that you could push together. preferred a double. Room looked over side street. Nice view. No noise except people in hallway. Slight smell in hallway. Smells like cleaner. Clean bath with plenty of towels. Tub is little high however. Hotel is 1 1/2 block walk (3-5 minutes) to Kennsington High Street. Tv had Sky News, 2 BBC and plenty of movie options. Computer hookup, unstocked fridge, hair drier on desk (weird). No clock except TV, but wake up calls were on time. Had a 2 prong adapter, but was able to charge camera using bathroom outlet.. No phone book in room, and downstairs they only white pages (needed number for surprise dinner). A/C worked fine. Came in late the last night and they opened up the biz center so I could print my boarding pass. Could use a refurbishing, but everything is clean and works.Very nice hotel.	
Jul 10 2007 	A good Hotel in a lovely location	We were arriving into London VERY early in the morning and so i had called ahead to enquire about an early check in. The girl that i spoke to was extremely friendly. When we arrived at 10am they checked us in straight away which made a huge difference to our day plans. Not all hotels are as accommodating. The High Street Kensington tube stop is just around the corner and the London tube network is a great way to get around. The room's were a good size, the bed's are comfortable and we had a lovely view over the London roof tops.. We didn't have time for breakfast so i cannot comment on that.	
Jul 7 2007	The day of the no smoking ban !	I have always wanted to sit in the entrance foyer but avoided it because of the smokers so it was a delight to be there the day they banned smoking ! I like this hotel, it's organised, clean, has three good places to eat, my room overlooked the tube line but the treble glazing settled any noise. Air con was very efficient. Room was large, and I booked it as only for one person as well, separate area to sit in . I think their internet access charge is a rip off but the downstairs area where you can get 20 minutes for one pound was ideal for my much needed email checking. Staff are extremely friendly. Location is excellent due to proximity to the Tube and handy taxi rank.	
Jul 3 2007 	Just be prepared....	Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Copthorne Tara where my wife and I were spending our anniversary. The room was booked through priceline and I thought a managed to get a great rate on a '4 star' hotel. Here's what really happened: We checked in around noon and we were told the room was not ready. So, we went to the hotel restaurant, had some lunch, came back and were still told the room was not ready, nor would they be able to tell us when it will be ready. Finally, I spoke to some other woman at the front desk and a room magically appeared...still not sure what that was all about. Got to our room on the 9th floor. Specifically asked for high room facing away from the train tracks. The room was the furthest thing from 4 stars. Seriously. Beat up furniture from 10-20 years ago, paper thin sheets and towels. Best part was the room had 2 single beds. What a way to spend an anniversary! My wife complained of a smell in the room. Spent 1 night there and woke up the next morning to find the carpet soaked with some liquid (wasn't water because when we put a towel on it, the towel became yellow). EEEWWW. Walked downstairs with the filthy towel and asked for a room change. Had a very nice lady who offered to move to us to another room of comparable size. I begged for a room with 1 queen bed and somehow was given what she called a &quot;slight&quot; upgrade on the 11th floor. Let me just tell you this: slight was the biggest understatement of the year. What a room!!! Nice and big with new furniture and updated bath, free internet, towel warmers, robes, and no smell. We were in heaven!!! So here is the scoop: the 11th and 12th floors are the &quot;club levels&quot; which are the TRUE 4 star rooms. Unfortunately, booking thru priceline, you'll NEVER get them, so be forewarned. This 4 star hotel rating is a complete scam. Floors 1-10 are a step above a youth hostel. Priceline will be hearing about it from me.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great Staff but delapidated facility	Actually, this hotel was a freebie from some credit card points, so didn't expect much. We did really enjoy the location, just off Kensington High Street, and close to the tube.The staff at the hotel was extremely friendly and nice, and certainly went out of their way to accomodate us.But now, the bad part.The hotel is old, and the guest rooms are in TERRIBLE condition. We checked in, and had to have our original room moved to no flow of air in the room at all..air conditioner AND heater were on the fritz. We were then moved to another room, and found that the ceiling leaked down upon one of the beds, and had to be moved to a third room, which was well ventilated and had no leaks! The rooms are certainly not 3 star or 4 star or 5 star, but remind me of a Motel 8 in the US... except probably not as well kept!But the staff did the best with what they had to work with. They have an excellent breakfast in the AM, and a lovely Fillipino lady who has worked there for years supervises a staff of mainly Eastern Europeans who do their best to serve you, all the while.. barely speaking English.An interesting hotel. I would stay there again due to the staff and the location... but believe me.. this is NOT the Mayfair or The Ritz!!London being expensive as it is...this is, even with the poor guest rooms, a bargain due to location... and HEY, it's London!! Get out of your room and enjoy the city!!!	
Jun 8 2007 	Terrible possibly dangerous!	I bought my reservation really cheap on eBay and still felt I'd payed too much, if I'd payed the full room rate (about £250) I would have been thouroghly gutted. The room was not just tatty and dated but dirty, the windows are completely sealed and the air con (circa 1870) was broken. It honestly looked as if the room had gone untouched for decades. The most worrying thing however was our efforts to leave the hotel in the morning, the lifts didn't appear to be broken, just not stopping on our floor. Having waited fifteen minutes or so in the windowless un-airconditioned hallway with an ever-growing group of incresingly agitated guests we decided to go in search of a fire exit, there were no signs pointing towards possible escape and having wandered up and down the two identical nausea-inducing parallel corridors, we gave up and went back to the lift. People were beginning to realise that the windows in their rooms were sealed and the feeling that we may be being imprisoned here by our giant battery farm of a hotel's evil creator was beginning to spread. Twenty five minutes had passed and just as I was wondering whether to ask if anyone else had seen the film 'The cube' the lifts opened and we all breathed a sigh of relief. I left it to my more vocal American comrades to make the complaints and went to enjoy my cold, greasy english breakfast. Apparently this is the only meal of the day at which your guarenteed to eat well in England - Oh dear.The location is good, but my room on the second floor was twenty five minutes from the ground, so it would have been more convenient to stay in Croydon!If your staying in Kensington there are some very nice benches in Hyde park you could sleep under.	
Jun 3 2007 	excellent location great Priceline deal	I did a long weekend at the Copthorne Tara Kensington just off Kensington High St in London. The priceline price was excellent, especially given that this was Bank Holiday weekend and the closeness of the hotel to the Chelsea flower show.I was placed on a high floor on the west side of the building, eliminating any concern about noise from the underground that runs along the east side of the building (as noted by other reviewers). The room was reasonably large by European standards and came with one double bed. Also a small refrigerator with lots of space for me to put things.The room was clean but a little dated, the hot and cold water in the bathroom were fine, the airconditioning worked..Reception was cordial with no mention of priceline and the room was ready for me what I arrived at aboug noon.	
May 29 2007 	Ok if you pay for the best rooms	I used this hotel as a conference venue in the 80s and was shocked to discover that the standard bedrooms appear not to have been decorated since then! Very tired furnishings and shabby appearance.We paid to upgrade to the top rate rooms, which were better, but the bathrooms were still below par.	
May 22 2007 	Copthorne Tara a hit with us	Just returned to Toronto after spending six nights at this hotel. Recent negative reviews left us apprehensive, but we were happy with the hotel and recommend it. Internet rate was atractive and location sealed the deal. Our room was on the first (second, of course) floor and we heard not a sound in six nights! I know there were other rooms occupied on our floor, but we were on the side away from the tube and it was quiet, quiet, quiet. Our view was the back of the next door hotel, but not a problem. There were no bad smells, everything was clean, the beds comfy (and I'm an insomniac who's very fussy about matress and pillows). Staff was cordial and met our needs. We were able to fine- tune the temperature in the room even though the corridors were stuffy and too warm. The nearby Thai restaurant is wonderful. There were not many other restaurants in the area buit enough to meet our needs.Check out the take-out foods in marvelous Marks and Spencer on Hight Street Kensington. Fantastic selection including small bottles of wine.I'd definitely stay here again.	
May 22 2007	Good quality hotel !	I stayed here on night aftter a booking mistake from another hotel. I was initially displeased to have to pay for parking but the cost was not much, only £20. They also made room keys which didnt work and I had to go to the front desk again.This started off badly, but I cannot hold a bad review of this hotel in light of these 2 minor things.The room was excellent, the location is excellent (especially for Heathrow by car) and the room service and breakfast area was excellent. Definitely worth the price, and I recommend the rooms with a view over the underground lines at the back, which added atmosphere to the rooms nice view.	
May 16 2007	WORST STAFF IN THE WORLD!	Rooms are ok... can't complain. But the staff is horrible! They treated me like garbage! Also they overcharged my credit card! And took months to get the refund!	
May 16 2007 	What's That Smell?	I have lived in London and travel there 4 times a year so I like to think I know the city well.I recently took a group of researchers on a trip to London and due to our budget we bid on Priceline and were booked at the Tara. I am writing from the Tara right now.I knew the location was good with its proximity to the High Street Kensington tube station. I have also stayed at the nearby Royal Garden Hotel... which I love.From the outside, the Tara hotel looks really run down and industrial. The lobby is pleasant enough in a generic way. Check in is fairly straightforward.I helped my colleague carry his luggage to his room on the 4th floor. As soon as we opened the door to the hallway, we were ASSAULTED by the smell of, dare I say it?... URINE!!! It smelled like we had walked into some back alley. His room appeared clean, but also had the urine smell that was permeating through the hallway.I then went to my room on the second floor. The smell was not quite as strong there, but my bathroom definitely smelled of urine.I wanted to leave immediately, but they would not give us a refund (note to self... get insurance next time). The Tara clearly has relations with a number of airlines because every morning the lobby is teeming with airline cabin crew and waves of people from all over the globe (particularly the Far East) sit in the lobby preparing for their day.I have been here 4 days and the smell of urine greets me every day! It's revolting and totally unacceptable; I don't care if I got a cheap rate on Priceline ($145/night for a double).I have decided to check out regardless of whether I get my money back. I will be moving into the Hilton Metropole and will report on that after my stay.	
May 15 2007	What's the problem?	Fine hotel. Good room, good service and clean. Excellent location for West End and museums. Don't understand the negative reviews. Recommended	
May 14 2007 	quiet retreat	My husband and I went to London for a week and stayed at the Copthorne Tara on High Kensington. The best thing about the hotel was the service and the location. We did have the continental breakfast included. It was worth it and delicious. We loved staying away from the noises of the city. Each night we took a walk and read where historic figures lived and ventured into local restaurants. Each had a different flare. I enjoyed walking to the gardens nearby and taking the bus into the city. You really felt like you were coming home each evening and visiting your very own local pub at night. Beer was slightly cheaper out by the hotel as well. The only thing I could even comment on would be to bring sheets if you must have them. We only had a very soft comforter to share and for cover hogs that might be a problem.	
May 13 2007 	Better Than Expected	Having read some of the previous reviews I was a little apprehensive about this stay but was very pleasantly suprised. Yes, the hotel is probably not as grand as it was in its heyday but it was clean and comfortable with efficient check in and is in a good location. I wouldn't pay the rack rate for this hotel but would be happy to stay here again if the deal was good. It is certainly nowhere near as run down as some of the previous reviews have implied and it still fits the bill for a good, mid quality business hotel.	
May 11 2007 	Great stay great time!!	Please ignore all previous reviews about this hotel - I honestly don't know what anyone would have to complain about. My friend and I stayed from Friday to Monday, May Bank Holiday. Everything was &quot;1st Class&quot;. Reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our rooms were spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom, and had everything you could possibly need in a hotel room. The rooms were cleaned everyday and the towels, etc replaced - what more could you ask for. There was also a 24-hour concierge and safety deposit boxes available, which we found extremely useful. We were on the 8th floor. The trains did pass by but we were so tired after all our sightseeing around London we barely noticed them. The full English Breakfast was everything it should be - too much, if anything. The hotel could not be in a better location and we would definitely have no hesitation in booking it again.	
May 7 2007	Clean comfortable worn and overpriced.	After a 12 night cruise we stayed 4 nights at the Copthorne Tara hotel in the Kensington area of greater London. The lobby was what you'd expect for a 4 star hotel, nicely done and included a seating area, gift shop (rather pricey) a concierge desk, and a desk to purchase show tickets.Our room was at the end of a long hallway, and I agree with another reviewer who said it was like going back in time. The room was a good size but the furniture was worn. Along one wall was two twin beds, a night stand and a desk, on which the hard wired hair dryer was located. Along the other was a shallow closet next to a low dresser on which stood a small cabinet containing coffee and tea makings. Next was a cabinet containing a small fridge (in which we kept wine and cheese), with a TV on top, and last was a shallow cabinet containing a short ironing board and iron, but it was tucked in the corner and would have been a bit awkward to use. Two chairs and a small table sat in front of the large windows which faced the &quot;tube&quot; that ran behind the hotel. There were plenty of wall lamps in the room.Of note was the double paned windows which blocked out the noise from the trains as they passed by. We never heard the trains, even though we were only on the 4th floor. The twin beds were surprisingly comfortable with clean white linens, minus a top sheet. Having never been to London before I don't know if that's standard or not. The bathroom was unusual, and seemed old-fashioned. Clean, tiled, and good sized, but odd features. The tub floor sits higher than the room floor so getting out was a bit of a danger the first time, you need to hold onto the sink or the wall to prevent a fall. The wall behind the toilet and sink was recessed, providing a shelf to put things on but the mirror was on that wall and made getting close enough to put on make-up a bit of a challenge. A bit unnerving was at times I could hear water in the sink which sounded to me to be people in other rooms flushing their toilets. The sink had separate faucets for the (very) hot and cold water which made using warm water another challenge. The adjustable shower head was appreciated. The hotel's location is very good, just a short walk to the Kensington High Street tube station, or about a 10 - 15 minute walk from Hyde Park &amp; Kensington Palace.The hotel is given 3 or 4 stars depending on which site you're on, but I think a 4 star rating is too generous. We didn't spend much time in the room as we tried to cram as much into each day as possible, but after a long day of sight seeing, we were certainly satisfied with the comfort of the room as we enjoyed a late night snack of wine with crackers &amp; cheese while watching a little TV before turning in. All in all, I think the hotel is nice but overpriced. The staff were all very polite and helpful, and again, the location is great (which may explain the high price. Since we don't spend much time in the room, next time we're in London we'll probably stay somewhere a bit more economical.	
May 3 2007 	Quaint need a refresh	If you like the spirit of the 70's you will like it, it looks like nothing has changed since. The room was clean but I found that a lot of hidden places are covered with dust, the bathroom looks awfull and the shower curtain needs to be changed. The bed was confortable with a duvet.I have booked calling the hotel directly, they booked me a room for the day before my arrival, and for sure I was the one to be wrong. I paid 120 GBP for a single room and it is bad value for money, i stayed at better hotel in the area for less. It is thought conveniently located, High stree Kensington station is just around the corner. The hotel is facing the railtrack and the room was noisy even with double glazing windows. AC is huge and noisy as well.	
May 2 2007 	Apartments planned for Copthorne Tara site	London newspapers reported recently that there are plans to turn the Copthorne Tara into residential apartments. Maybe this is why the management aren't replacing torn wallpaper, flaking paint and worn carpets. Service is very erratic, and the breakfast room meet-and-greet people can be very terse, as though you are an inconvenience.	
Apr 30 2007 	Soo disappointed	Los Angeles, CAWe were booked to stay in this hotel by our travel agent. We were told it was a four star hotel. I had read previous reviews and was very dubious of staying there but one hopes for the best and thinks maybe their experience will be different.  On the plus side the location is good, centrally located to the tubes. The lobby nice and clean so were the ground floors. Unfortunately, once you go to your room it was travelling through time. The room was extremely drab, torn furniture with stained carpets and walls. We stayed as little time as possible in the room. On our first night my friend accidently spilled ketchup on the duvet. We thought housekeeping would replace the duvet the next day. Housekeeping only flipped over the duvet putting the stain underneath out of sight. The personnel were very polite and helpful. We would gladly stay there again if they only remodel the rooms. That was it's only downfall.	
Apr 27 2007	I was frightened by some of the reviews	I’d never heard of the Copthorne Tara prior to purchasing a few non-refundable nights online. After reading various reviews, I have to admit that I wasn’t looking forward to my arrival there. Well it was pretty nice, especially considering what I had paid. The room was fine, clean, etc. The location was perfect, especially if you’d like to eat and drink locally (non hotel) But it was the staff that really surprised me! Wonderful (not my usual London experience) on each and every level of contact, they could not have been nicer or more helpful. I’d gladly stay there again and again.	
Apr 20 2007 	Disappointing.	I made the reservation via the hotel's website, I asked for a non-smoking room, I got the email confirmation and I even called to make sure that the room I got is indeed a non-smoking one.Guess what? I arrive there, and there are no non-smoking rooms available.The hotel itself was stuffy, which I guess is ok, if you like that sort of thing, and the staff weren't very polite.I was tired, after 5 hours of flight and all I wanted was to put my feet up somewhere. I stayed there for only one night, which is why I didn't cancel the reservation and went to look for a different hotel.A few days later I was meant to stay in London for the night again, but this time I booked a room in a different hotel, which turned out to be much better.	
Apr 1 2007 	OK business hotel	This is OK as a business hotel, except that in-room internet (wired) is 20 pounds. The gym is 5 pounds per day. There is something of a feeling that they're out to extract every pound possible out of you. Fairly institutional, so I wouldn't want to use it for leisure. Reasonably cheap for London. My room was large (typical US hotel room size). It backed onto Underground lines, but only the lightest sleeper would be bothered, I think.	
Mar 28 2007	Copthrone Tara Hotel	The rooms were large by London standards and very clean. The location was good, close to Kensington High Street and tube station. For the price, it was very good. One of the reasons I chose this hotel was the reviews it received here.	
Mar 27 2007	dont expect much	Got this hotel through Priceline for about $85 a night. Was trying for other zones and made the mistake of adding Kensington. The location was good. Busy hotel with tour groups and airline crews. Was given a &quot;priceline&quot; room (worst room in the hotel). Had a lovely view of the train tracks about 15 feet from my room. The front desk girl assured me they stop running at 11pm..not true...and she forgot to mention they start back up very early. If you stay here, take your ambien. Walls are paper thin. Bathroom is old and reminds me of old Motel 6's. Made sure to stay out all day and come back late at night very tired. We had spent other nights at the Hilton Metropole...much nicer hotel. However I'm glad I stayed there, had wondered what it was like. Now I can say been there done that..dont need to do it again. Dont pay rack rates here..ouch	
Mar 15 2007 	Good location fine stay	We stayed here only a few nights. The hotel is in a great location (walking distance to an underground station and &quot;High Street&quot; in Kensington.) But other than that ... it's a so-so experience.The rooms were okay, but definitely outdated and showing their age.There is free internet, so that's nice.While I wouldn't mind staying here again, I'd probably shop around to see if there was anything better out there. I had no major problems with this hotel, but I'd rather try something else.	
Mar 6 2007 	Well its in a good location	Well all the enthusiasm I can muster about this hotel is to say its in a fairly good location.Other than the good location, I cant really recommend the hotel as it is very tired in most respects, and quite dowdy.I am certain all this hotel should be used for is a bed at night, as the room I stayed in was dingy and sparse.It is a difficult review to write in as much as this hotel was not offensive, just had no atmosphere whatsoever, and seemed like a bed and breakfast type of hotel near a bygone un-fashionable seaside resort.	
Mar 6 2007 	Great location and good service	This hotel was booked by my company for my 3 night stay during an exhibition I was attending at Olympia. It is a good location for this purpose as the exhibition centre is only a short walk away and there are lots of shops and restaurants nearby. The room was a good size and nice and clean although the bathroom was starting to look a bit tired. Have seen a lot worse though! There was no mini bar but there was a fridge for your own drinks and also an iron and ironing board. You can't open the windows in the room, they are sealed so you just have to use the heating/air con to adjust the temperature. I actually only stayed one night because I fell ill and had to go home. However I was not charged for the two nights I missed as I checked out before 12pm. I ordered room service at 2am as I was feeling ill and needed a drink. It arrived within 30 minutes but was quite pricey - £6.50 for a large bottle of water and a little bottle of Appletise. I also rang down to reception at 9am and asked if my breakfast could be bought up to my room as I felt too ill to go down to the restaurant. They bought me up a lovely continental breakfast of cereal and milk, orange juice, fruit salad, croissants and bread rolls wihin about 15 minutes. The receptionists when I checked in were very helpful and friendly and so was the concierge when I asked for my folders to passed onto my boss when he arrived. I ate in the restaurant the night before I left and had a lovely meal of prawns in black bean sauce and egg fried rice. I would definately stay here again - much nicer than the hotels I normally have to stay in for work!!	
Feb 28 2007	Excellent value and location	Have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Copthorne Tara Hotel in kensington. Approached with some trepidation, having read a few comments on Trip Advisor beforehand, but we were really pleased with our stay (booked through the excellent website ---.com).The room (2nd floor) was large, clean and with a supremely comfy bed. I agree with the slightly dated bathrooms, but everything was clean and the staff couldn't do enough for you - and all with a smile!A mere 5 minute walk took me to Kensington High Street - a straight forward 15 minute bus ride into the centre of Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc.Hubby was disappointed with the basic 2 sachets of coffee and no biccies in the room each day, but the fridge more than made up for it (M &amp; S is just up the road if you want to stock it up!).Would definitely recommend.	
Feb 28 2007 	Rude staff with poor English	When I checked in the receptionist was rude and doesn’t speak very good English. She didn't understand that we have just arrived from 8 hrs flight with two kids (8 mnts, 4 yrs) who were both sleeping and kept us waiting for 1 hour. The room was ready, though she didn't call us to check in till I approach her and asked If our room was ready. The housekeeping then shouted at my wife because she was late to open the door for him immediately. The manager did nothing but sorry and offered a cup of hot chocolate!!!! The housekeeping didn't change the bed sheet during our 4 day stay!!One more thing ; I stayed in NON-SMOKING floor and other guests were smoking heavily at the same floor. I did notify the front desk two times during my stay. Every time they sent the security to the floor to investigate the situation but guests kept smoking.This is the first time I've come across these situations. The staff usually friendly and nice but this time the staff have changed and become rude and don't speak very good English.	
Feb 27 2007	Visit a teacher	We were able to book this hotel through asiarooms, from the Kayak website. The cost was $150.00 per night. Every thing went exactly as we wanted from check in to check out. The rooms were large, for Europe and house keeping was on top of everything. The coffee/tea and a small refridgerator were nice touches. Marks and Spencer, nearby, provided a nice source of fresh fruit and lite snacks, etc. The only problem for us was the noise from the underground, and we were on the 10th floor. We did become used to it, but rooms on the lower floors would have a problem as they run from 6:00 A.M. to midnight. My wife is a light sleeper and she did learn to sleep through most of it. If a room could be obtained on the opposite side from the tube, it would have been a wonderful stay. We did meet some guests who did not like their rooms, but we did not see any such problems. We would definitely consider staying there again. It was our second time.	
Feb 27 2007 	What's not to like?	Great location. Good-sized room by London standards. Very comfortable bed. View over London. Clean and everything worked. Friendly, competent staff. Cheap upgrade to full English breakfast served by a waiter not from a buffet. Reasonably-priced car parking. Excellent value at the price we paid (£78).	
Feb 23 2007 	Not Good - But they have a 2nd chance...	Since October 2006, I have been staying in London hotels on a weekly basis for business. My employer pays for the stay (including breakfast), so I will not comment on value for money (in terms of the rooms)...I stayed at the Tara in early January 2007. On my first night, I arrived after a very long and tiring journey from Edinburgh. I had a very long wait to check in (at 2300hrs!!), and when I was eventually seen to, the Receptionist was absolutely 'not bovvered'. On getting to my room, I fancied/ needed a drink, so tried to order a brandy through room service. First time, there was just no response to my call!! I tried again a few minutes later, and got through; but then had to wait for over 30mins for the drink to arrive. I wished I'd never ordered it! Just wanted to go to sleep.The stay only marginally improved. Having a waited breakfast service (as opposed to a buffet) is a nice idea, but depends upon two things - firstly, there being enough staff to serve, and secondly, their being able to understand enough English to take one's order. Neither of these things happened; from five breakfasts, only one was as ordered. Very disappointing.The redeeming feature? Well, I completed the feedback form in detail, and, to my astonishment, a few days later received a letter from the manager apologising and offering me an upgrade to a club room if I stayed there again! As I can select my hotel through my employer (within a cost limit), I have decided to give the Tara another chance, and will be staying there again (with the upgrade) next week (from Sunday 25th)...so I will post again to see if there has been an improvement.Best bit - nice view from 8th floor, and excellent location for the Tube and shops.Worst bit - breakfast service and rude receptionist.	
Feb 21 2007 	A 4 Star Discrase	Hahahaha, luxury hotel... pictures says everything! Never again...	
Feb 4 2007 	Judge a book by its cover	I did not choose this hotel, but had to stay there for business... Thank goodness I only stayed for one night. The exterior of the hotel tells the story. Old, shabby, and dirty. When they refurbished this hotel, they only fixed the lobby, which is clean and quite nice. Upon arrival in my non-smoking room, I smelled a mixture of mildew and stale cigarettes. The bathroom sink had two spigots (I haven't seen this since my grandparent's old house). The floors were dirty and stained and the sheets seemed washed, but were a bit threadbare. Since I only had to be in the room for 7 hours while I slept, I decided to stay and just get through it. Luckily I took a sleeping pill, woke up, checked out and pretended it never happened. The only redeeming quality this hotel has is its proximity to the High Street Kensington station. That's it. Do not stay here.	
Jan 24 2007	Still a bit shabby	Stayed here for 4 nights in mid-January 2007. I've stayed here many times before, and in my last review (July 2007) I said I would give it one more try, because of its excellent location next to the shopping on Kensington High Street and good transport links. Reception was very friendly, although they were unable to allot us a room on a higher floor than the 2nd, but as it looked out over a flat roofspace, there was no traffic noise like last time. However, the room was obviously sometimes used as part of a family room, as there was an interconnecting door to the next room - securely locked, that was no problem, but it did cut down on the sound insulation. On one night a guest came in after midnight and proceeded to watch tennis on TV - how do I know? I could hear every hit of the ball! The room was also very stuffy, despite having the a/c on full blast.In general our stay was fine, the breakfasts were good and the one dinner we ate was delicious, with full marks to the staff for friendliness and helpfulness. But the hotel could do with an overall freshening-up - the impression is dark and brown, and our bathroom had a peeling ceiling. I certainly wouldn't pay the full rack rate of E225 per night - that's what I paid per person for 4 nights plus full breakfast through Superbreak.I'm back to London in May and will be trying somewhere else next time (after consulting the TripAdvisor recommendations!). This hotel has a great location, nice staff but is past its sell-by date as far as the decor is concerned.	
Jan 23 2007 	Tara you're gone with the wind	Stayed here for 3 nights 1 Jan - 4 Jan, 2007. This is an older hotel - 70's-ish. It's in desperate need of upgrading. Upon checking in, they tried to upsell me. I didn't go for it, glad I didn't. I say the upgraded rooms and they weren't much better.My room was as hot as Hades, and I kept the A/C turned on the entire time. The sink had no mixer - so there were separate faucets for hot and cold, and they sure were, one would scald you, the other gave you hypothermia. Will say one thing, the shower had pressure - none of this U.S. water-saving stuff, this was full on waterfall. It's a good location at Kensington Station so you could catch the tube, go to Nero's for coffee, Boots for drugstore, or Pret a Manger for a quick meal.	
Jan 23 2007	no complaints	we stayed at this hotel over a weekend in january.it was part of a coach/ show weekend package based in kensington close to the royal albert hall.our room was on the 10th floor overlooking the railway but it did not cause any noise problems.the room and bathroom were clean and the decor was good.the room also benefited from a refrigerator.the package also included breakfast,both continental and english of which i enjoyed the generous portions.the hotel lists breakfast at £15.the hotel has its own restaurant but we ventured to a thi restaurant just 2 mins away which was open until 1 a.m. where the food was excellent and reasonably priced.there are a several other places to eat on the main high street 5 mins away.there is also a supermarket and wine shop to stock your refrigerator with..first time visitors,get the tube to cental london,not very far,and all the major sites are all within a few mins walk,i.e. trafalgar square,downing street,houses of parliment,big ben,china town,most of the major theatres.the open top tourist buses are great and last for over two hours if you don&quot;t get off. i will certanly visit london again.	
Jan 22 2007 	Good....But Not Great...	Having to book a hotel in London at short notice for a business trip,I was surprised to get a 4* hotel for less than £100 per night. (Good old [--])After a 20 minute (i timed it!) wait for reception (very busy and only 2 staff on?) i was given a room on the Mezzannine level.They were very keen to push teh &quot;executive upgrade at £35 per night, to include a &quot;bigger room&quot; and breakfast, but I chose to decline (had to leave VERY early next am!)Room was disappointingly small, with two twin beds (even though I had booked a double). See Pics att.Having said that, it was clean and tidy, if a little dated. Airconditioning made a heck of a noise, but I just turned it off ! (might not have been able to in summer though)	
Jan 20 2007	Will definitely go back..	My friend and I went to London for New Years Eve 2007. We found this place on the net, the price seemed reasonable considering it being located in High Kensington (expensive area as told by many, including Londoners).Location: It's excellent, very convenient and literally a 5 min walk to the tube station (Circle and District line), and once you're on the main street, there are plenty of shops and restaurants. Staff: They were friendly for the most part (reception, concierge, bar), but the room service operator was horrible. But Im not going to let one staff speak for the whole place. The concierges are not very knowledgeable about the nightlife, so I wouldnt ask them where to go, they are very nice and they try to be helpful, but they're not going to give you good recommendations so I'd do that part of the research on my own first if it's your first time in London.Rooms: I was pleasantly surprised. Im from Canada and usually more accustomed to spacious hotel rooms like here and the US. I was told to expect a small and old room but it turned out to be pretty nice. It was a bit small but still enough room and fairly clean. No real concerns here. I remember reading another review about not having any hot water or the pressure was too weak, well, I guess I got lucky because it was pretty hot with lots of pressure from our shower.Overall, I think this hotel was great and I'd definitely return during my next visit. Hope this helps.	
Jan 19 2007 	Fantastic Hotel - Will Stay There Again	I had booked into another hotel (Kensington Rooms) but found that I just couldn't stay there as the hotel was so poor.I booked into the Copthorne Tara at the last minute. They were extremely helpful and sympathetic of the situation, and the staff during the whole of my stay (1 week) were helpful and efficient.The food in the restaurant was great, although I only ate in there at breakfast, one lunch and one evening meal. The rest of the time I had room service meals, which were excellent.My room was very comfortable, and quiet.Tip: Ask for a room higher up and quiet if you want one - they are very accommodating, but if they don't know they might put you in a lower room which gets some rail noise, as the railway's very close.I would always look at the Copthorne Tara first when I go to London from now on - having been once bitten, I'll stick with a great hotel in future if I can.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good location shame about the room	Just arrived back from staying at this Hotel. The location is excellant , very close to a tube station, shops and restaurants, unfortunately the room was definitly not 4 star. The air conditioning did not work properly and the room was shabby with a very musty smell. It was definitly in need of some modernisation espescially the bathroom.Thankfully we hardly spent any time their which was a blessing.The reception staff and concierge were very helpful and did provide us with useful information and when we reported the faulty air conditioning they acted promptly and sent someone to fix the problem. If you are looking for a hotel in a good location this is an excellant choice but don't expect 4 star standards.	
Jan 11 2007	Excellent Staff pitty about the Hotel	Just spent 4 nights in this Hotel with my 70 year old mother. The staff were so friendly, they couldn't do enough for you which I thought was great for such a busy hotel.The Breakfast was great.However the hotel itself let us down. The hotel was so hot and no matter what you did the air con didn't work. The walls were paper thin so could here everything in the room next door. One night they turned on their TV at 1.15 am and didn't switch it off till 6am. I thought I would go crazy. The carpet in our room was burnt but it looked like poo!The wind whistled in the window on the windy nights and one night the glass in the window started to shake.The bathroom could have been cleaner i feel but to other people it would be fine.Overall I wouldn't stay in this hotel again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Much better than anticipated	After reading many negative comments about this place, I was anticipating something like the Best Little Hellhole in London. Possibly a step above. Actually, the room was quite nice! While it's true that most 4*s that you get through Priceline aren't the same as US 4* accomodations, the room was clean, the bed very comfortable, and the shower had excellent water pressure. We were on the 7th floor, with the window facing the train tracks. Once I identified what the (not loud at all) sound was (a train passing), I hardly even noticed them during our stay. The location was really good too--couldn't have been more than two or three blocks to the nearest Tube station (High Street Kensington, Circle and District lines). I would never buy the breakfast there, but there were several much more affordable options a very short walk away. If I had to say anything negative about the place it would be that the toilets don't have a lot of flush power, but this seems to be more universal than it is isolated in London hotels.Also, I need to give kudos to the hotel for coming through for us. Due to a mistake on my part, we needed to make a very hasty reservation for an extra night--for Dec. 31! While the price was significantly higher than my Priceline rate, we were still very glad that they could make arrangements for us at almost literally the last minute.	
Jan 3 2007 	Nice stay at the end of the year	Me and my wife spent 4 nights (Fri to Tue) at the Tara Copthorne for the 2007 New Year's Day weekend. I booked through the hotel website at the latest moment and I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that they offered a standard double room at an attractive price for mid-Central London (100 GBP average rate including full English breakfast and taxes). This was far more convenient than most of the other hotel reservation web services, which often raised the room rate for the New Year's eve to three or four times the standard price. I would recommend everybody to check the hotel website before looking elsewhere.Concerning the hotel, we did not have the opportunity to use all their services, as we were eager to spend our time outside visiting London. However, here you have our impressions:Pros- location: a Tube station (Circle Line) is at a short walking distance, as well as some restaurants, fast food and shops.- room: we got a room on the eight floor; it was quite modern, spacious and clean (especially in confront to other London hotels I experienced in the past) and included a table/pressing iron set (quite unusual in European three-star hotels)- full english breakfast: the food was OK, we experienced a little bit of confusion on Sunday morning, as the hotel was almost full, but the service was considerably better during other days. You might want to consider whether spending 15.25 GPB (plus taxes and gratuity) if your rate does not include the breakfastCons-room: I requested a non-smoking room, but I was answered none was available for my stay (indeed, the terms and conditions on the website clearly specify that additional requests might not be honoured). Our room had a slight moldy smell (which I found in many other smoking hotel rooms) and was facing the Underground tracks: we were not disturbed by the noise, though some people might. Ask for an even-numbered room, if possible.- bathroom: despite the relatively modern look of the hotel, the basin in the bathroom featured old-type taps, with separate cold and hot water. This is definitely the most disappointing aspect we faced: you cannot even wash your face comfortably, as the hot water is definitely &quot;hot&quot; and the cold water is °cold&quot; !!!- staff: though most of the staff members were absolutely courteous, some of the front-desk people appeared a little bit indifferent.However, as a whole, our stay at the Tara Copthorne was definitely good and I would recommend this hotel to other travellers.	
Jan 1 2007 	V Good Accommodation Excellent Location	We stayed her for a long weekend at the end of October for my boyfriends birthday. The location is excellent. It is literally a 4 minute walk from the tube station. The staff were really friendly and very helpful.The rooms were good. Average in size with good facilities. They weren't wow but when you're in London it's not as if you want to spend your whole day in your hotel room. The down side was that the rooms were very warm at night time, but we were drunk most nights so we didn't mind that much.If I were sober it would probably bother me.Kensington is a lovely area and the hotel is surrounded by nice restaurants and great shops. You're right beside the tube station that is on the central line so everything is within easy access.I'd more than likely return to this hotel	
Jan 1 2007 	Noisy. Not 4 Star.	If you’re looking for a restful nights sleep look elsewhere. The noise from the trains that run right beside the hotel would have been bad enough but that’s just the beginning. Our heating unit made a noise every 10 min. or so that sounded like someone tapping on our window. We could clearly hear the conversation of anyone passing by our door, TV and other “noises” from the adjoining rooms, and toilet noises from several rooms over in every direction. In addition to the noise, the standard rooms in this hotel are not 4 star rooms. They are old, worn, and smell a bit moldy. We’ve stayed in 1 star B&amp;B rooms that were nicer. Even those fancy marble baths you see in their photos are actually pressboard with a marble look finish. When we complained that our room wasn’t the 4 star room we had been promised we were advised that the 4 start rooms were “Club Rooms” available at an additional 30 pounds (about US$60) per night. If you’re paying a 2 star price for this hotel and are a very sound sleeper you may find this hotel acceptable. It does have a good location. If you’re paying a 4 star price you’ll be bitterly disappointed.	
Dec 27 2006 	Good location Nice Hotel	We booked the Copthorne Tara as a weekend getaway in London: it was relatively inexpensive for Friday / Saturday nights, and well-located near Heathrow Airport and the Tube. Print the map, as you will need it to find your way over the local streets as you come in from Heathrow: it's outside of thepay-zone for central London, so you won't incur a toll. The Copthorne is in a cul-de-sac in a very nice area of London, there are lots of . When we checked in, they offered us an upgrade for 34 GBP per night, and, remembering the reviews for regular rooms, we took that. The resulting room was still reasonably priced and very nice (pictures). Breakfast and evening drinks were included, so that evened out the cost: the lounge area is downstairs and is attended rather than buffet style. The room was large and comfortable, with an expansive terretorial view. It had a large king bed, free internet access (wired: also free access in the lounge on hotel terminals) and comfortable working area. The bathroom was nice and well appointed: the hot water was adequate and there was good pressure. The only issue that I had was with parking: it costs about a third as much as the room did to park in the lot beneath the hotel, and they charge for fractional days if you go over a 24- or 48-hour period.	
Nov 30 2006 	fabulous location	Booked through the internet and got an amazing price per person for this hotel. Check in was very quick and easy, no problems. Room was non smoking and on one of the higher floors as requested. Comfortable sized room with good sized bathroom. Some parts of the room were a little bit worn but for the price paid it was irrelevant. Breakfast was a little disorganised but no major problems. All in all a very good hotel, good location backing onto kensington underground station, and a very good base for exploring the city.	
Nov 27 2006 	Good but beware	I stayed at London Tara two nights on business in November. The hotel is a large modern building with 800 rooms. Location is in Kensington, with shops, pubs, tube, buses, restaurants, museum and parks within walking distance. Taxi rank is outside the hotel. Tara has a large lobby, with porter service and welcoming staff. Tara has several restaurants, theatre booking service and a shop. I tried the Indonesian restaurant and was served good food at reasonable price (9 £ for a main course). English breakfast is served at the table but the additional buffet was sparse. If breakfast is not included in your rate, save the 15£ (!) and find a café nearby. Tara has a nice bar with beers on tap. Five fast elevators take you up the floors. I missed the possibility to walk the stairs. However there is a gym you can attend for 5£. The room is large with a comfy bed. There is a fresh air system, but it did not work in my room. There was TV, fridge but sadly no safe. The bath room was nice but with an old fashion wash basin. Here comes the warning! The hotel has many rooms with adjoining doors. I paid 138£ pr night and had absolutely no privacy. I could hear whatever the other person was doing. The hotel was full and there were no other room available. Book this hotel only, if you get a good price and a guaranteed private room.	
Nov 22 2006 	i've just stayed here despite reviews we had an ok time at this hotel	location superb. moved room 3 times as one stank of smoke and one was not clean and had very noisy neighbours! 3rd room OK the hotel did all they could to accomodate us. bed a very small double though! NOT BAD AT ALL.	
Nov 1 2006 	better then expected	Easy to get to from Heathrow via Paddington to Kensington High Street. Was a little concerned that we got a room on 2nd floor railway side. But train noise was no problem, the double glazing worked brilliantly. Room was in great condition if a little worn. Bed comfortable and bathroom clean. A.C worked fine. Location is excellent and continental breakfast is pretty good. Staff were helpful and friendly enough, we had no problems. 1200 checkout is good too. Lots of good food within 10 mins walk. Would stay again.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara at the end of August 2006. I can honestly say that we had a great time with no problems at all. After reading all the reviews on here we were very worried about what we were going to encounter but i just think you have to voice your own opinion. The staff were very friendly and couldnt do enough for you. There was a small fitness room for everyone to use which was really handy. The breakfast which was included in our rates was very adequate. There were 2 restaurants at the hotel, one serving thai, and the other traditional british. There was also an internet cafe which my son was pleased about so he could talk to his friends back home! The room was very clean, comfortable beds, and aircon which was great. I suppose the decor could have done with updating but that was all. The hotel was just around the corner from High Street Kensington Tube Station, and there were plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. All in all i would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 21 2006 	Decent Hotel superbly convenient to transport	When I booked this hotel, I believe the rating I saw was a 3 1/2-4 stars. However I think the star rating standard for an American hotel vs a European hotel is NOT the same. Hotel- Looks new in the front, but the building is old and the furnishings outdated. First room we stayed in on the 9th floor facing toward the front of the hotel (standard) room 976 or 978 (sorry I forgot) is 2 single beds (see pictures). The hallway was stuffy HOT, the room smelled musty/moldy. Room, linens, and bathroom are clean. We requested a (standard) room with double beds and given a room on the same floor facing toward the BACK of the hotel. Room windows are double paned to reduce the noise from the Trains.Service- Unwelcoming, unfriendly, bottomline poor. Convenience- Superb location as it is super close to the tube, shops, and couple of cafe's.	
Oct 19 2006 	Met Expectations	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for the last two nights of our honeymoon. We were happy with the rate we obtained on Priceline. The previous reviews we had read led us to expect an average hotel with very little charm, but a good location and friendly desk staff. In fact, that is exactly what we got. The rooms are a decent size for UK standard. They are clean, but not very attractive. The first night we were there, they gave us a room with two twin beds in a room really close to the tracks--it was a little noisy and not so romantic. The desk staff was good about changing us to a room with a double bed (which is a little cramped for two folks both over 6 feet tall-not their fault that we are tall). The new room overlooked the front of the hotel and was much more quiet and comfortable. This is a fine hotel if you get a good rate (under $150USD), need to be close to a tube stop, and aren't expecting the quaint British B&amp;B experience.	
Oct 16 2006 	A Little Worn but Comfortable and Good Value	We got a room with two twin beds on the second floor through Priceline for $115 US total. The lobby, bar, and hallways of the hotel are very elegant and clean. The front desk staff and concierge were gracious and helpful. The room was small and a little shabby (decor circa 1960) but the beds were comfortable, the linens new and clean, and the bathroom fully functional. Wouldn't recommend the Copthorne as a luxury experience but it was perfectly functional and had some charm.	
Oct 16 2006	Good hotel-Great location	We stayed at this hotel on Sept. 10, 2006 for 5 nights. I did a lot of homework on this site before I left. The majority of reviews were positive, so I took a chance, and was so pleased. The lobby was very nice and clean, the staff and concierge was very helpful. The room was on the plain side but very clean.(We had a twin (which I think is a little roomier). The mattresses are wonderful with plain white fluffy down comforters. The bathroom is white tile with nice lighting(important to me), but the sinks need to be updated. Older style faucets with knobs set wide apart. Showers were great, lots of hot water and strong water pressure. It was nice having a small frig and coffeemaker. My only complaint was we couldn't plug in our universal converter in bathroom or anywhere in the room, because the plugs were so close to the floor and the bathroom countertop, the rectangular plug would not fit. So I couldn't use by own blow dryer or flat iron. My husband spoke to security and they were nice enough to let us charge are camera in the security room overnight. The location was excellent, Two blocks to the High St. Tube and all the shops. We had breakfast either at The Muffin Man (okay) which was on the way to the Tube, or McDonalds across from the Tube. The Thai restaurant was also fantastic( my first Thai meal) classy atmosphere, reasonable prices. Next to Muffin Man. For Italian, Dino's Restaurant, near the Tube across from the church was very good also.	
Oct 11 2006 	Very pleasant stay at this underrated hotel	I don't need to add too much to what was said in the previous review regarding the hotel itself, as this person did a great job of detailing its features and pretty much said a lot of what I would have stated. We booked our room the same vay, via Priceline for pretty much the same price. Oh, and other reviews accurately pointed out that from the outside, the place appears to have seen better days, but once you're inside it's much better looking. I'd even go so far as to state that the lobby carries a bit of chic to its look. Based on a separate review some weeks back, we requested and received a non-smoking room on the 9th floor, with a direct view of Albert Hall and the more distant London Eye.We utilized the Concierge a great deal, and mostly dealt with a kind, elderly chap named Jim. He booked on our behalf dinner reservations, our day trip to Windsor/Stonehenge/Bath, and often suggested the best bus or tube lines to take to get from points A to B and such. We liked the little cafe express just past the Concierge's desk, usually grabbing a quick something or other in the morning before heading out for each day's activities. We also dined at the hotel's brasserie the night of our aforementioned daytrip, being that we got back after 9 and were too bushed to go hunting down an alternative restaurant. The brasserie is kinda of split in two, with one side pretty much standard British/French type of faire, while the other features Asian cuisine, with an emphasis on Singapore and Malaysian speciaties. We opted for the Asian side and its speciatlies, which was quite good and not very expensive.Finally, I would like to point out that yes, there is a 'short-cut' to the High Street tube stop, but you're at best saving about 50 yards of walking by doing so. We generally used it going to the station, but often chose the 'longer' street path when returning, just to take in the charm of the neighborhood.Overall, we were extremely satisfied with our stay at the Cop, and would highly recommend it, especially if you can get it at the Priceline cost.	
Oct 11 2006 	if you have booked my advise is to go some where else	There are a couple of comments I can feed back I found unsatisfactory -   I was given a room on the east side and so was kept awake on Tuesday night by passing trains combined with the room fridge loudly buzzing all night with no way of turning it off.So make sure your not staying on the east side... Also we were all late to Olympia the next morning due to their lift issues - only one of their lifts worked resulting in a wait up to 25 mins to get to the ground floor. One of my colleagues staying on floor one took 20 mins to get to the bottom floor, the cleaning staff couldn't direct her to a stair case so she had to wait ages to get down.We were exhibiting and we were late how does that look?When we got back in the evening guess what? nothing was done to fix the lift and we had to take the stair were i meet an old lady that ask my help, she got me worried but she had only one floor to go...Obviously my boss complained... Do you really want to know what they said to him? Sorry it happens sorry again....the engineer is on the wayThe restaurant was nice and breakfast is ok the staff could be more helpful... but I understand as i talk with one of the waiter... they get paid peanuts....so you get donkeys don’t you?Waiting for our taxi we talk about the problem we had with a friendly porter; he mentioned that the lift issue happened before and he could recommended us an other hotel for next time, he pointed his finger to their competitor, I mean it’s crazy don’t you think?So overall it was not a great stay The location is great but we will not be using this hotel again We will listen to the porter recommendation and stay next door I will let you know soon as we are staying there next week.	
Oct 9 2006 	I was satisfied.	Got this hotel via Priceline for Sept 30 - Oct 6 for $102/night + priceline taxes/fees.I was a little apprehensive when I got this hotel as my winning bid. All the reviews I read were pretty bad. I can tell you that I was quite pleased with the hotel. The lobby was really nicely decorated, but I knew that the lobby would not be a good representation of the rooms, which were a little more dated.The rooms were decently sized...not as small as I thought it would be. The hotel accommodated us with 2 single beds. The beds were not anything spectacular to sleep on, but they were sufficient. We also stayed on the nonsmoking floor, and I did not smell any smoke.I didn't have much interaction with the hotel staff, but the little amount of interaction went really well. They were nice and did their job as expected. Our room was not ready when we arrived, and we had to wait 30 minutes. No big deal as we went walking along High Street Kensington to explore the area. The concierge gladly held our luggage. We stayed for 6 nights, and it seemed to be quite busy the entire time we were there. A lot of the airline flight attendants stay at this hotel. I think we saw at least three or four airlines stay here.The bathroom was a decent size, with good water pressure. Yes, the tub is a little high, and they don't have rubber mats or nonskid surfaces, so older people do need to be careful. Two sets of towels (the second set is in the closet), and no wash cloth. They only provide a conditioning shampoo and a bath/shower gel, soap, and shower cap. Yes, the lights are on the outside of the door, but the switches are neat because there is a master switch that can turn on or off everything at the same time. There is a similar console on the nightstand. There is also a Do not Disturb button you can press so that housekeeping doesn't try to come in during the early hours of the morning. We experienced that the first night. Luckily the 2nd lock was on, as well as the chain. But we learned to turn on the button after that. The fridge was a nice touch, as was the water pot for tea and coffee. The TV didn't have that many channels, but I didn't expect it to. The A/C worked fine. The walls are really thin, and I can easily hear people outside in the hallway. I don't think anybody stayed in the room next to us as we didn't hear our neighbors. We did asked for a room on the opposite side of the subway tracks, which the hotel accommodated, so we didn't hear any of the subway noise. All in all, I say it was a good stay. It was a lot better than expected.	
Oct 9 2006 	Good location friendly staff	I won this hotel via Priceline for about $70 (yes, that is dollars, not pounds!) night from August 26 through 29, 2006. The hotel is very easy to get to from London Heathrow (just one transfer). Since we arrived from the States, we arrived at the hotel around 8am and a room was not available, so we checked our luggage with the bellman, and he was able to hold on to it until our room was available. Prior to arriving, I had e-mailed the hotel requesting a high floor facing AWAY from the train station. Well, they gave me that, but since I did not request a full sized bed, they gave me a room with two double beds! There were no full sized beds available that evening. My recommendation would be to e-mail and request a full sized bed facing away from the train station. Be sure to do this well in advance of your arrival.The next day, the hotel was able to locate a room with a full sized bed, but facing the train station. I will say that you should request a high floor because the train is loud even with the double paneling windows. (We could hear the trains roar in the hallway) All of that being said, the hotel is very nice. We didn't use the staff a whole lot, but they were friendly when we asked questions. The hotel lobby always seemed busy -- the hotel seems to be popular with tour groups as there were tour busses on the street loading and unloading groups of people. The front desk was able to move through the groups rather quickly though -- we never waited in line for more than 3-4 minutes. I would highly recommend using the Easy Internet cafe about 3 blocks from the hotel to save money using the internet. (That cafe has disabled the use of USB ports to upload pictures from digital cameras, so that was a major bummer)The pictures that have been posted accurately reflect our experience with the hotel, and I would stay here again if we won the hotel.	
Sep 30 2006	6 Days in London	Bed leg was broken and we had to use a dresser drawer to hold the bed up on one side. 2 dresser drawers were broken so we never fully unpacked. The a/c worked well though. Paper thin walls. We could hear the people in the next room talking and even the hangars in the closet moving. Excellent location. Safe and near everything. Lobby was clean more updated than the rooms. They have no smoking rooms which is a plus. The buffet breakfast is the same every morning. Sliced ham, grapefruit slices, 2 cereals and a pitcher of milk, Not on ice or chilled. One day a large bowl of yogurt for community use. Not chilled.Ice is not a Europe preference though. If they ask if u want toast be prepared to pay extra. Pay phones dont work. The location just made up for it all. We could not change rooms because a convention was booked.All in all not awful just needs major updating. Hot water and good a/c was a major plus.	
Sep 24 2006	I'm being generous and giving it 2 stars	From everything I've seen written, it almost seems like there are two Copthorne Taras. Perhaps some rooms are renovated and others are not?I am giving more stars than I feel like it deserves based on good water pressure in the bathroom, a decent location (of course, there are hundreds of hotels in good locations throughout London) and the lobby was clean looking, and the front desk check-in was speedy.I told my husband as we were walking up that it has had a &quot;mixed bag&quot; of reviews and I didn't know what to expect. We just were there one night, thank goodness - on a Priceline rate, which still seems too high for what we received. I had been hoping when using Priceline for the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, which is in a great location with clean rooms (at least ours was last year). But this was our last night of a 2 1/2 week trip, so it wasn't as big a deal on where we stayed.We'd stayed at very good value hotels throughout Europe - including 4 nights at a wonderful Bed and Breakfast in the London area for about $104.00 USD (full breakfasts and more) through the trip. This was the only one I didn't choose - and I'd certainly not recommend it.The bathroom was...well, the tub was yellowing, and there was metallic stuff coming off the handle at the bottom (it almost looked like a wad of gum sitting there, but it was just whatever was behind the metal). I was going to get a drink of water with a glass, but the glasses were sitting on a dusty black tray, so I didn't bother with them. There were numerous areas in the room with dust. Everything looked very dated, like from the 80's. It REALLY needs a refurb, and it needs someone who will actually clean it. The bathroom smelled odd too - like the Paris Subway, really. I don't know if it was the cleaner they use, but it didn't smell clean to me (nor did the second blanket I put over me).We ended up with twin beds, separated by a small desk. I'd really liked to have had one bed, and these were really small and not terribly comfortable. But again, it was only for one night. I didn't find the room tiny - not large, it probably was the smallest room we'd stayed in during our trip, but it was adequately sized. There was a refrigerator in the room, it almost got my husbands bottle of Coke cold overnight. The location was fine - I liked having the Marks and Spencers Food Hall close by. From the selection of movies mentioned on the bedstand, they must sell a lot of porn through the TV.Personally, I think if you stay in London, you can find a lot better. Try to the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum, for one. The Copthorne Tara left a lot to be desired.	
Sep 22 2006 	Adequate	My husband and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara on the 19th September and after reading the reviews were rather apprehensive despite going on a friend's recommendation. The lobby is very nice and the reception staff were very welcoming and friendly. The room was clean but in need of refurbishment. The one thing we did appreciate was the continental breakfast which we had delivered to the room at no extra cost.However, the hotel is in an excellent location - shops and the tube station just at the end of the road.I don't think we would stay here again as we like to try different hotels and prefer a little more luxury.	
Sep 19 2006	Pretty much what I expected	I read a lot of reviews for a lot of London hotels, and we booked the Copthorne Tara through Trafalgar Tours for our Sept 2006 weeklong stay in London. If I had to give this hotel a grade, it'd be a A-. I wanted to write a fair review for someone coming to London in the near future. BEDS: We had two twin beds for me and my husband, and each bed had two pillows, and those pillows and the linens were changed daily. One day I had feathers, the next day it was some cotton/poly blend filler. Not bad. However, instead of an actual blanket you get the European style bed quilt/comforter which only really covers the mattress itself so if you like an abundance of covers, you'll have a problem. NOISE LEVEL: We had an even numbered room on the 9th floor facing the front courtyard so things were pretty quiet. We heard people walking down the hallways and having conversations, but that was about as much noise as we got. THe tube station was on the other side of the building, and I could see how that would be loud, but we never heard a thing. Silence EVERY night.BATHROOM: The shower's water pressure was better than what I have at home. However, they had a hot and a cold tap in the bathroom sink, so you had to run them together for warm. It was a nice size, too. Two sets of towels. Also, the light switch for the bathroom was in the hallway outside the bathroom, which was awkward. Tub walls was pretty high, so older travelers may have problems getting into it. FOOD: We had the hotel's free continental breakfast every morning, and we never had to wait and there was always food to be had. Friendly service and good coffee, and I am a coffee snob to be sure.MISC: We asked for a safety deposit box, and we were told they were all in use. I think there's like over 200+ rooms in this hotel, so why isn't there a safety deposit box set aside for each room? Also, the hotel hallways did smell a little musty, but our room always smelled clean and fresh. The internet access was 50 p for 10 minutes - expensive. And the hairdryer was perfect -- it did low and high and worked well for my low-maintenance hairstyle. LOCATION: This hotel is about 100 ft away (and I'm NOT KIDDING!) from the Kensington High Street tube station, which is on the Circle line, which hits all the good stops in London. Definitely a PLUS!!! Don't forget to buy your travel pass online before you go -- we bought a 7 day pass and it was perfect. All in all, we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 16 2006 	Fairly priced and clean but mediocre overall	Priceline called this hotel a 4-start and I assure you that it is not. At best, this is a 3.5 star. The lobby is clean, bright, and nice; however, the front desk staff was not very knowledgeable about their own hotel. I needed a room with two beds and had even called to make note of that on my reservation. We were put into 3 rooms before we got two beds. If you are visiting London for tourism, this place is just fine. You won't be spending much time in your room and the location is near some good shopping and right around the corner from the tube. Overall, it was ok.	
Sep 8 2006 	Excellent value and service	This hotel was one of the few bargains in London. The overall appearance was clean. My wife and I had a great king size bed, great size to boot, too! Bathrooms were clean and the maid was very cooperative when I asked for more towels and toiletries daily.My only gripe was that we smelled smokers on the non smoking floor. (I am always amazed how in a large, room plentiful hotel smokers request a non smoking floor!!)We enjoyed London and the restaurants. As I said, London is expensive, but part of ther reason to go to London is experience the food, nightlife and tourist attractions.We would definitely return.	
Aug 24 2006 	Great place to stay	My daughter and I went to London for her 18th birthday/high school graduation gift. This was my 4th visit there, her 3rd. We arrived early, 8:30, and checked our bags there. As we'd flown overnite, we were both exhausted. The clerk at the reception desk wanted to check us in, as our room was ready, but she asked another clerk who said it was too early. Oh well, 3PM was the official time. Anyway, we were allowed to check in a bit before 12. I'd booked a twin room, we got a double. But we were both so sleepy we didn't complain and took a long nap. We stayed on the 10th floor. I've read other reviews complaining about noise etc. We were there from 8/15 to 8/20 and I never heard a sound. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean and the refrigerator a blessing as Mark and Spencers was just a block away. We bought many of our meals from there. London is expensive, but we live outside of New York City. As my daughter reminded me, think about what this would cost in Manhatten. And she was right. It really wasn't much more expensive and some things were cheaper. We got great theatre tickets, to Phantom and Avenue Q for much less than I'd pay in the City. And if you or someone you're traveling with is a student, bring your ID. There were many student discounts including Buckingham Palace, Tower of London and all the plays. The only issue I had with the hotel concerned a blow dryer and a light bulb. The blow dryer didn't work on low speed and smelled as if it were burning. It took 4 days of complaints to get it replaced. And with that, housekeeping said they wouldn't have replaced it if we didn't report the burning smell, because not all blow dryers have 2 speeds!!! And the missing light bulb was never replaced. I complained 3 times to reception. But it is very convient to the High Street Kennsington Station and the tubes are very easy to navigate. I like to stay in different locations, so I probably won't return to the Copthorne Tara. But I would recommend it to anyone visiting London. It is a bargin in an expensive city.	
Aug 22 2006 	So-so experience	A two-night stay in a pretty anonymous hotel...great location and reasonable foyer - but the rooms show their age. Not for the first time did we find air conditioning that in the &quot;on&quot; position was too cold yet, when switched off, left the room overheating very quickly.At almost £140/ night (without the overpriced breakfast) I'd reckon you'd find more character for the same money in hotels close-by. However, If you get it cheap, it's probably worth the money.	
Aug 20 2006 	Great value and good location !	Just stayed at the Copthorne Tara for one night ( Aug 19th 2006 ).I booked it through LondonTowan dot com , and I was pleasantly surprised.Paid £79 for a double room inc Full english breakfast for two people that is under £40 each !! for a London hotel in this location I would call that cheap !Hotel was fine , check-in was simple and staff friendly , we arrived at 3pm and the room was ready , we opted for a smoking room which was no problem for them.The room was large and clean , and all the fittings worked , it looked a bit tired but it was better than I had expected , we were on the 4th floor looking out over the rail lines , but it could hardly be heard and did not disturb us.Excellent location for Underground couple of minutes walk and you are there , plus lots of coffe bars and shops around. We went into the bar when we got back later , it was fine , quite busy although small for a hotel with this number of rooms , and yes the drinks were pricey , but our booking also gave us 30% off any drinks and food , so not too bad !!The biggest gripe about the room was that it was hot and if we turned the air-con fan on full speed it sounded like an apache helicopter !! so we opted for the low speed which was bearable !Breakfast was fine , we were seated quickly and served quickly , we thought it was good , although both guests either side of us found something to complain to the Restaurant manager about ! ( Are we becoming a nation of moaners !?)All in all , I woudnt say it was not totally up to a 4 star rating , but it was certainly great value for money , and I would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2006 	great neighborhood nice stay	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Copthorne Tara. The rooms were clean, decent sized (by UK standards), and the staff was capable. I was a bit discouraged with the restaurant, but I am a vegetarian so my opinion is a bit jaded. The hotel is right around the corner from the tube on the &quot;circle&quot; line, red bus stops are close and cabs are waiting on demand in front of the lobby so it is very convenient to all of london. We used the underground to get to and from the airport and it worked out fine (there were some stairs to contend with along the way though). The kensington/high street area is mostly higher end &quot;fashion&quot; type shops with a few nice places to eat scattered in there. It is definetly an upscale neighborhood. It is walking distance to the Natural History Museum which was amazing. You can also catch the &quot;Big Bus&quot; double decker tours here which was a great way to see the sights in London. Overall, I give the Copthorne Tara two thumbs up!	
Aug 16 2006 	nice location tiny room	My husband and I stayed here in early April with our infant son. The first non-smoking room we were given had smoke rolling out the door as soon as we went in. They willingly gave us another room, but it was close to the elevators and it was really, really tiny, especially with a baby crib inside. I wouldn't consider this 4 star as the hotel likes to boast. It was clear, but quite faded looking. There was a small table and mini fridge which helped out. We could go to one of the nearby grocery stores to get some breakfast foods and snacks, which helped with the extremely expensive London prices (basically double the price of everything in the US!!). Anyhow, the lobby was quite lovely. When we booked, we shopped around on-line for the best price, then emailed the hotel the hotel to see if they would match it directly. They did, so we had only their cancellation poilcy to deal with in the event we needed to change (not an on-line service's). We are trying another place in the area next month, because for the price we weren't impressed. Ask the attendents on how to get to the tube from the back way - it is very, very close and convienent!	
Aug 8 2006 	Overall Nice Place	Being my first trip to England, I was increasingly nervous due to the large number of negative ratings London hotels receive, in general. After finally deciding on the Copthorne Tara, my wife and I read even more reviews which described the hotel in a very dreary way. However, upon arriving and eventually seeing our room for the first time, we were very pleasantly surprised. The room was very clean and well made up, and the bathroom was just as pleasant. There were absolutely NO musty or tobacco smells (that we'd read so much about). Just be sure to contact the hotel in advance for a non-smoking room, as we did. The fridge and television worked well and there was plenty of room for unpacking.We'd also read many stories about the hotel(s) making it a point to inform new arrivals such as us, that rooms are suddenly unavailable and giving new arrivals a hard time, but again, I can gladly say that this was not the case. We arrived at 1:30pm and were given our room at 2:30pm, while they kindly stored our bags (free of charge) in the meantime. As indicated in other reviews, this hotel is conveniently located near the tube stations with several local areas to eat and shop. The only few problems we had were the shock of hearing construction on the room(s) above ours, at about 8:30am on the first morning we were there. After complaining to reception, they did confirm construction would be continuing all week and quickly offered to move us to a higher and quieter floor. Fortunately it wasn't necessary, as construction was only heard breifly the following morning, and no more afterward.It is also true, that the walls do appear to be quite 'thin'. Hearing people coughing and laughing in the room next to ours, was not uncommon, as is hearing movement and talking coming from the hallway. Lastly, be prepared to have your electronic key card fail you repeatedly! We had to have ours (both) replaced up to four times during the week (each). That was probably the most annoying part of the hotel experience, besides the construction.Remember, it's a hotel, not a palace. The rates (when booking on-line) were VERY reasonable and the service is excellent. If you are looking for an economical and convenient place to stay, The Copthorne Tara is definately worth the money. My beautiful new bride and I, wish you a very pleasant stay. Cheers!	
Aug 7 2006	Perfect location spacious rooms!	The Copthorne Tara Hotel is as close to an American hotel as any international traveler would want to be without actually being in the U.S. It's part of the Millenium Hotels chain so it resembles something like a Hilton or Sheraton. If you're looking for an inn or hostel with a warm, cozy ambience you may want to look elsewhere. If a hotel with a great location (Kensington High Street) and an excellent value is what you're after than search no further. The staff is very friendly and the concierge desk offers excellent services such as secure luggage storage and taxi service for guests. Staying at the Copthorne Tara was delightful, I look forward to returning soon!	
Aug 6 2006 	In Need of Refurbishment but Good Choice nonetheless	Stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks on business, and had thought there was nothing to shout about, until I switched to another hotel for my extended stay!Located near High Street Kensington station (look out for small side exit besides Boots), the hotel was conveniently located and makes getting around easy. McDonalds, Cafe Nero, M&amp;S, Boots, etc are all also with short walking distances.Room was relatively big, and there is airconditioning, which as stated by some other travellers, is certainly one things not to be taken granted for in London! There was also a fridge in the room, small kettle and ironing board. Got a double room and the mattress appears to be rather worn out, but overall was still a comfortable stay.Requested for a room prior to arrival which faces away from the tube station, and this was nicely arranged by the hotel. Staff were also very friendly and attended to my requests rather promptly, such as sending an engineer to fix my airconditioning which was not working properly when I first checked-in. Special applause to Emmanuel from the front desk, whom I seem to have the good luck of meeting each time I had some requests to make =)Servicing of the rooms were of a constant amusement to me, since they do seem to always lack something everyday they are in to clean up my room - they would either fail to replace a towel or bath mat, or forget to place a bag in one of the bins on the room. Could do with a more consistent approach so that guests are comfortable in knowing there would not be any surprises (pleasant or otherwise) each time they return.My conclusion: Good hotel for its room size and location. Great value for money for the price I got (since it was a corporate rate). Suitable for families given the generous room size. However, it may be time for the hotel to get an upgrade or refurbishment since the entire place appears to be getting really old.	
Jul 27 2006 	Copthorne Tara - Great Place to Stay	My family and I came to this hotel after moving out of the RCA Paddington. We stayed in this hotel in August of 2004.The Copthorne Tara was a really nice hotel. The lobby was well made and the hotel staff were very friendly. The rooms were large and came with a well stocked fridge. There was also a lounge with an internet cafe in it.Though the Copthorne Tara is a little expensive i recommend you pay the extra and stay there.	
Jul 25 2006	nice place	the hotel was ok... nothing to shout about, but the area is very convenient to stay at. lots of shopping and very close to the underground station.	
Jul 24 2006 	in need of an update	a group of us stayed in the copthorne tara in june. Whilst the hotel was in a pretty good location and had a pretty impressive lobby, overall we found it overpriced and in need of updating. The corridors were a bit dingy and smelled of food. Our rooms were a little uncared for and in one of them, the fridge was very loud and made sleep difficult. London hotels can be pricey but this was not value for money. We have stayed at the City Inn in Westminster and had a better location, in a modern and well presented hotel for 20 ponds less per room per night.	
Jul 24 2006 	Definately would stay again	We have stayed in 3* hotels in London the past three times and paid $90-100 per night and got no sleep because of street noise, no AC, and dirty/old mattresses. This summer we booked through Priceline this 4* for $92/night and were very happy with our choice. Equivalent to a US Best Western/Holiday Inn, the room was clean, AC worked well, good size. I emailed ahead and asked for a room on an upper floor on opposite side to the tube. We had no problem with our request and no problem with noise. Great location, comfy beds. The bathroom smelled a little musty but was very clean and good size.	
Jul 24 2006 	Excellent for tourists!	My sisters and our 78 year old granny stayed at the hotel for 4 nights during July 2006. Yes, the rooms are slightly shabby, the bathrooms are plain and a bit &quot;old&quot;, and the hotel definitely isn't worth the 225 pounds they are charging for the night (extra for breakfast 12.75 – 15.50 pounds for continental or English breakfast). However, we got a good deal via priceline (100$ per night, inclusive of breakfast). The staff was friendly, and at our request quickly changed one of our rooms where the air conditioning wasn't working to our satisfaction. The rooms had air conditioning (not to be taken for granted in London's hotels which don't all have them) and were CLEAN, so even if they were a bit on the shabby side, it still felt good to dive under the blanket at the end of each day. The water pressure in the shower was excellent, and you have a small fridge in the room to stock up drinks and snacks (no mini bar). The location is fantastic, 5 min. walk to High Street Kensington tube station, and to Kensington High Street where there are loads of shops (most of the major retail stores like M&amp;S, GAP, Next, FCUK, Esprit, Boots etc. like a &quot;mini&quot; Oxford Street) and places to eat. Since breakfast at the hotel was so expensive, we preferred starting our day at Starbucks, Pret-A-Manger or Café Nero, all a very short walking distance from the hotel (78 year old granny managed to do it with no difficulty). All in all, if you get a good price, we recommend this hotel whole heartedly. The location, the hotel's facilities (air con!!!) and the proximity to the shops and tube make this hotel ideal for tourists.	
Jul 17 2006 	Paper Thin walls	I stay at this hotel quite often as i am a Flight Attendant.Beds are comfortable,however most rooms have a stale smell.My last room smelled of urine.Walls are paper thin,could hear the phone ringing in the next room and the actual conversation.Location is excellent,two minutes from Kensington station,shops and restaurants.	
Jul 13 2006	Avoid	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for one night only and afterward found a new hotel in Kensington.The room was dirty, and felt used. The bathroom was not in good condition and after spenidng the day walking around, we found that the air conditioner was broken. Though the hotel was not fully booked, the front desk sent someone to fix it, even though it was late in the evening, and even after they couldn't resolve the problem, failed to offer us a different room.There was nothing redeeming about this hotel and I would suggest you stay elsewhere.	
Jul 11 2006	Great price! Great location!	I stayed at the Tara Copthorne with my sister and parents for for 3 nights, 8th until the11th of July. I paid 100 pounds per room per night , all taxes included. Continental breakfast was included also.Really the best thing about this hotel is its location, 5 mins walking distance from the underground, therefore easy access to everywhere. Reception area is impressive. We did not however receive a friendly welcome. I had read the reviews so I knew what to expect. Rooms are average, simple and clean, but really a little dated and in need of some redecoration. However they were well equipped. A fridge in a room is excellent but ours was stinking so we used my parents instead. Their room seemed nicer than ours, even though we were right next door. Air conditioning brilliant since windows didn't open. Beds were very comfortable. Quiet also considering how busy this hotel is, with over 800 bedrooms. Also good atmosphere in hotel. Well staffed especially at breakfast, and also very attentive. The bar was horribly smokey. Coming from a recently smoke free Ireland I now find smoking inside really disgusting! We didn't eat in Hotel but across High Street there are some lovely bars and cafes in a beautiful area .Try &quot;The Terrace &quot; restuarant. Classy! All in all, it wasn't bad for London and we all agreed that we would stay there again at this hotel especially because of its brilliant location and reasonable rates. Book early and shop around online for best rate. Watch out for added taxes.	
Jul 9 2006	Great stay at the Copthorne Tara	I stayed here with my 10 year old daughter. We felt absolutely safe in the hotel and neighborhood. The room itself was very clean and comfortable. We took advantage of the Marks and Spencer grocery around the corner to stock our in room fridge with snacks, and enjoyed the fold out tea tray in the mornings. Maid service excellent. Great water pressure in shower. Crema restaurant most enjoyable. Internet access off lobby very easy to use. Location lovely with Hyde Park a stroll away. Boots, WH Smith, and grocery around the corner. We enjoyed this hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Location location location!	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for 5 nights at the beginning of June, 2006 at the start of our bus tour, and 1 night on our return to London at the end of June. We were pleasantly surprised at the friendliness and service of all of the staff, from reception desk to concierge, to housekeeping staff.The Tara is close to Kensington-High St. shopping, buses and the tube.The rooms very clean, the mattresses good. We would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London.	
Jun 30 2006	Very nice hotel for a good price	We visited London for a week in June, 2006. We bid on Priceline and got the Tara Copthorne in Kensington. I then started to read the mixed reviews on Tara and was somewhat anxious about what we might get. We were very pleased about the entire experience. The room and hotel were very clean. The location was excellent. The service was very good. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.	
Jun 21 2006	Copthorne - Tara - Good Choice for Budget London Hotel	Our first stay here and we were quite pleased.Reasonable size room with good AC, tea making facilities, and even a great view.Location for Circle line is great and many good restuarants in walking distance. Try Abington Rd.Great buy at 75 pounds a night.JohnCalifornia	
Jun 21 2006 	Old shabby rooms and slow service	I stayed the the Copthorne Tara for one night with my partner whilst attending a conference. The standard room was tiny, really run down and a nightmare in beige. The bathroom was miniscule with very nasty marble effect plastic panelling. The rate we paid was GBP139 excluding breakfast which I feel was a total rip off. We ordered some drinks through room service (there is no mini bar!!!). It took about 10 minutes to get through to them and then another 20 minutes for the drinks to arrive. The bed was very small and the mattress rather old and squeaky. I will definitely never go back to that hotel and would not recommend it to anyone. There are much nice hotels around which are in better decorative order.	
Jun 19 2006	very nice	We stayed here in MAy 2006. When I made reservation on Priceline, I was a little worried after reading other reviews on this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, beds were comfortable, good water pressure, easy access to tube station, currency exchange in lobby was convenient and internet access. It also had a nice giftshop. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant so I can't speak for it. It is next to the rails, so after reading trip advisor I e-mailed the hotel before my visit and asked for a room higher up. I didn't hear the trains at all. I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 2 2006	Good deal	Room was a little shabby but clean, not worth the £225 posted at the desk but got a good deal booking on-line and only paid £80. Asked for a quiet room and was put on the 9th floor at the front, certainly had no problem with noise. English breakfast was obviously not cooked to order but was tasty and there was plenty of it, especially as there was a wide variety on the continental buffet which was included. My only criticism would be that the tea, coffee and toast were all warm or cold, not hot.	
May 28 2006	Nice Hotel	Pleasant experience staying in this hotel - no problems at all. Rooms were nice and clean. No noise problems either but we were in rooms at the front of the hotel on the first floor. Fait Maison a couple of streets along from the hotel we would highly recommend. The Thai restaurant round the corner was very good. Italian restaurant on Kensington High Street was terrible - don't eat here please. Can't fault the location and would happily stay again.	
May 26 2006	Stayed twice will stay again	I stayed at the Copthorne Tara Hotel in June 2003 and returned again in May 2006. The location of this hotel is its best asset, I think. Sure, there are many hotels with good locations, but this one isn't right on a main street, yet very close to anything you would need from shops to coffee, fast food, restaurants, tube, internet cafe (Easy Net Cafe - can't remember what it is exactly called, but it is all orange, run by the Easy Jet Co.) on High Street is great value at 4 pound for a 48hours pass (other times frames also available at great costs). The cute little Muffin Man Tea Shop just near the hotel (as you walk down to High Street) is very nice in the morning for breakfast. In 2003 I don't remember the view we had from our room, let alone the room number, but we must have had a room not facing the train tracks back then, as just a couple weeks ago my room did face the train tracks and I hadn't remembered it from our previous stay. Tthe noise at first was quite annoying... I got used to it however and it didn't keep me up at night. The only complaint I had was that the corridors and areas outside the lifts on each level was extremely hot! The heating was up as high as it could go, I think. Very hot and very stuffy. The walls are thin... I had the German couple in the room next door to me on my 2nd night not worry at all who could hear what they were doing and must have thought they were at home. So yes, the thiness of the walls may be a problem at times, however, I feel this is only if the other guests are not considerate and do not take into account that they are actually in a hotel with other people - as this night with the German couple next door was the only night I had any problems. Would definatley stay again when I return to London.	
May 25 2006 	Good location	Great location for bus, tube, restaurants &amp; some tourist destinations. Friendly staff, quick check-in &amp; out and room service. Ideal for a family that will be busy. Room service meals (2) were surprisingly good. Located close to railway track but it was not disturbing. Good shower head but ventilation in bathroom is non-existent. Big room but space not well utilised. Table &amp; chairs useful. Stool under dressing table would be good. Dresser could be taller &amp; not so wide. Bed comfortable. We stayed in adjoining rooms &amp; here are some recommendations for the adjoining room: Remove useless wall hand basin &amp; install a proper size basin &amp; shower stall. This could be achieved by reducing the kitchen area. We were up earlier than the rest of the family in the main room but could not shower early. (Best Western hotel in Paris at Rue Berthollet &amp; Claude Bernard is a good example of good use of small space.) A luggage rack would be helpful. A dresser with mirror in this room would be good. Lengthen short drapes to block out early morning light. Include a few drinking glasses in addition to cups. Include a TV station like CNN to provide wider world news coverage. Clothes bar in closet should go lengthwise &amp; have a few more hangers. Cleaning staff noisy in hallway of 1st. Flr where we stayed. Why call the room if we have the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign posted? Our work in London saw us come in fairly late &amp; we were disturbed early in the morning. 3-star rating adequate.	
May 15 2006	Air Conditioning Had ONE temperature - COLD	We stayed for two nights on a quick visit to London.Fortunately, reading the other reviews, we got an even numbered room so no train noises.The Reception was well-m,anned so we didn't have to wait to check-in. Check-in was polite and efficient.Our room (338) was well furnished, clean and smart. Bathroom was also clean.We were at the end of the corridor, so didn't suffer the noise that others have commented on. There was someone next door to us, but we never heard them.The air-conditioning simply blew out cold air no matter what temperature was set. We complained twice and nothing was done about it. However, I made a comment about it on the Guest Comment Form and the NEXT DAY received an email from the General Manager apologising on his and the Maintenance Foreman's behalf !!!! The receptionist (on checking out) seemed genuinely horrified that the air-conditioning hadn't been fixed after two complaints and promised to inform the Manager.We found the (mainly foreighn) staff delightful and friendly. The barman even arranged a couple of pizzas from the kitchen for us an hour-and-a-half after they stopped serving the bar snack menu.It would appear that some rooms are better than others according to comments here, but ours was very clean and smart.We WILL be visiting this hotel again.	
Apr 22 2006	Good Location	Stayed for three nights and would use this hotel again if visiting london.Very easily located from Kinsington High Street Underground and easy to get to from Kings Cross Train Station. Front reception is lovely, hotel bedrooms are a bit basic but an ideal location for sight seeing. Showers have great pressure and lots of hot water. Refridgerator was more like a freezer and kettle didn't work but only took a couple of minutes for someone to come out and discover that it had been switched off from behind the unit (shows that they do clean behind units!!!)Bit of a surprise when breakfast turned up an hour early on our first morning but was plenty of food to keep us going through until the afternoon. Wouldn't pay the £225 per night they ask for but online companies do better deals, don't pay any more than £100 per night B&amp;B!!! Although London is very expensive for accomodation coming from a hotel background myself I know what to expect for £225 and this hotel does not come within those standards.Ideal place if your only looking for a bed for the night and want easy access to London and it's great sights.P.S we found it very difficult to find a pub close by, ended up getting a taxi to the nearest pub. Plenty of restuarants though.	
Apr 20 2006	not so great	a weekender at the Tara. easy to find, a minute from the tube. staff try, but simply don't always understand, i guess a problem with many london hotels. the room, tired, very poor bathroom, worn and mouldy. furniture same, not a good start. the rooms are a lottery, as it seems some have been seen to. but the noise from the neighbours, so poor on insulation i had to call reception at 05.40 on the saturday morning to ask them to get the tv next door turned down. the buffet breakfast was a zoo. 7 am and filled in minutes. food disappeared in seconds. dark, dingy and tired communal areas. often sticky tape on carpets.fire alarm brought total chaos, and we left them to it after almost two hours in a coffee shop nearby. not good value at all i'd say . you'd best shop around. best avoided.	
Apr 12 2006	Good Location OK hotel	The best part of the hotel was the location, if you are comfortable using the tube to see the tourist sights. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby. The lobby looks lovely, but the rooms are average. Request one on the opposite side of the train tracks, because you will hear it! (and it is a quite ugly view on that side!) Rooms could have been cleaner. (there were some crumbs and hair which were not ours!) There is a small refrigerator which is a nice touch. The concierges were simply awful! They were rude and unhelpful. This hotel caters to tour groups and business meetings, so you will have to try to plan your breakfast accordingly or wait for seating. (one morning there were no plates available, and this did not seem to bother the staff!)	
Apr 12 2006	Great place for anyone	We chose this hotel based on other reviews and were not disappointed. We arrived early (about 9:30 a.m.), well before scheduled check-in, but they had a room ready for us which was great after a long flight. The staff was polite and friendly. The outside of the hotel is nothing to see, but the lobby and corridors are lovely. The room was quite large by European standards and extremely clean with an iron and board, coffee/tea service, hairdryer - all the stuff you could need. The shower had great pressure and plenty of hot water. Our room was on the back over the train tracks, but we never heard a sound. Being just down the block from the tube entrance was very convenient. Also, the money exchange in the lobby had a competitive rate with no commission or handling fee, so we changed all our money there. A slight mishap with room service one night was fixed promptly and politely. This is a great place for any traveler, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 11 2006	Wonderful stay!	I agree with the reviewer from New Jersey. I think most negative reviewers MUST be from another planet. My sister and I had a great stay here. The hotel lobby was lovely and our room was fine. It was clean and much larger than the room we had at another hotel two years ago. We had a very nice view from our 10th floor room, had comfortable beds, heard no noise through the supposedly &quot;thin&quot; walls, enjoyed the high pressure shower, checked in and out very quickly, found very friendly staff, liked the convenience to the tube and Marks and Spencers and, above all, loved the price that we got all this for! Would I stay here again? Absolutely!	
Apr 11 2006	A decent hotel	I was at the Copthorne Tara for three nights with my girlfriend. Below is a quick recap of our stay.Positive:* The staff was quite friendly.* The breakfast was big enough to keep one going well into the afternoon.* There was a decent shop inside the hotel.* The room was clean and quiet.* The bathroom was very nice with a bathtub and clean towels plus bathrobe.* Very nice location close to Kensington High Street.* We were upgraded to a club room from a standard room with no extra cost.Negative:* We woke up at around 7 o'clock in the morning (after checking in at around 2 AM) to a fire alarm. Everyone had to wait outside for 1,5 hours before getting back in. No compensation or explanation was offered.* The air conditioning system in the room seemed a bit dated.* The minibar was virtually empty with just two bottles of water.As a summary I'd say that the hotel is reasonably priced and everything is OK, but not excellent. The three stars that is has is pretty accurate.	
Apr 5 2006	Do yourself a favor and stay here.	Ive come to the conclusion that 95% of tripadvisor users live on a different planet.With that said, this hotel is a great place, clean rooms, clean bathrooms, nice staff etc etc. For those people who gave this hotel a bad review, you need to seriously be on mood altering medication.Perfect location to the tube, and very close to many food places, banks, post offices, anything. I did not hear a peep from any other rooms in the hotel, so i didnt notice thin walls. Friendly staff, friendly guests, all around it was well worth it for a younger person traveling abroad. Very good price, for a clean room. PLease do yourselves a favor and stay here, because i will again and again. Granted TV was awful, but why are you watching tv on vacation anyway??? And GREAT water pressure in the shower. 10/10.	
Apr 5 2006 	Location Location Location	As I work in London two/three days a week and being half Scots I try to get the best priceline(--) deal for as little as possible. 50% of the time it gets me the Copthorne (sometimes as little as £35 plus priceline's rake off but rarely more than £45). And the Copthorne is perfectly fine. Sure there is often a niggle or two but it is not life or death! I wouldn't recommend eating breakfast there as it is a bit slow. Can't comment on lunch or dinner but why would you want to eat in the hotel when there are unlimited cafes, pubs and restaurants within 10 minutes walk.	
Apr 4 2006	Sadly dated	Check-in was quick and efficient, then I got to my room. It was a room with a view.......of a skip and a car park. The room &amp; bathroom were large and clean, but shabby. The decor was incredibly dated, drab and depressing. Check-out was again quick and efficient, though I was slightly unnerved as the receptionist read my comments card in front of me. If you just want a cheap room for the night (I was only in the hotel for a matter of hours, going to the BB King concert at the NEC), then at £55 for the night (no breakfast included), then it's decent value. But if you want the hotel to enhance your stay, or you're going for a romantic weekend away, then the City Inn (only marginally more expensive) or Malmaison in particular are much better choices.	
Apr 2 2006 	a dirty disappointment	Firstly, if you book a club room then make sure you get one, as they gave me a standard room. Only when I complained about the stink of paint did they change my room and realise I had been &quot;downgraded&quot;. Not that it matters much as the Club lounge is dire and the breakfast poor. The ham tasted &quot;off&quot; and though there was ham and cheese there was no bread to eat it with. Only sweet cakes and stale cold croissants. The brasserie is diabolical, even by London standards. Wait for an hour for a bowl of tepid soup. Another hour for cold chips and rubber chicken. Glasswear in the bar doesn't look too healthy either. I complained afterwards but I don't think I was taken seriously. Frankly I simply don't think the staff care a jot. The hotel appears full of contract bookings for cabin crew of less successful airlines. Oh and if the stomach upset from the food does not keep you awake the 'undergound' (which isn't under ground!) will from about 5 am - as the windows do not fit properly.	
Mar 22 2006	Great stay worth it!	Room Service could have been more efficient. Sheets could have been cleaner. Walls are quite thin. Other than that, rates are appropriate. Spacious room. Spacious lobby. Great location, right by the tube, safe neighborhood, very nice lobby/bar/cafe area. Friendly staff. Expensive internet rates. Great television options. Not reccomended for a family stay, more for business members, groups of travelers, etc. Worth the money!!!! (We were poor college students that got a nice hotel for a good rate!)	
Mar 20 2006	Fantastic!!	The Copthorne Tara Kensington has to be one of the best value for money hotels in the world! the hotel is really close to kensington high street underground station and is in a good safe feeling area.There are plenty of local amenities including McDonalds, Boots, Marks and Spencers etc. Hotel staff are very polite and there are never any ques at reception. We stayed in a regular room and this was ample. nice bathroom, very comfortable bed.I would definately give this hotel a big reccomendation!	
Mar 6 2006 	great location	My husband and myself Stayed for three nights. First impressions of the hotel was good, beautiful foyer, checked in quickly and very pleased with the location. First room we stayed in was very dated tucked in the corner of the ninth floor. Grouting in the bathroom was mouldy and in need of replacing. Booked the hotel a month in advance and got a twin room with a very soft bed. Moved to the tenth floor on the second night and this room was better, however we had noisy neighbours which underlined the thinness of the walls. Not sure why this hotel is classed as a four star.	
Feb 15 2006	Excellent Value for Money	If you are simply looking for a good hotel in a resaonable district within minutes from the tube station, you can't go wrong with this one. If you are looking for service, read on.There is only one big reception counter without separate areas for check-in, check-out, enquiries, etc. and thus everybody seems to be crowding there all at the same time. Room-wise, there wasn't much to write home about but then everything worked and everything was of reasonable quality. I was actually expecting a parcel to be delivered on the day of my arrival and when it still hadn't shown up two days later, I went over to the concierge only to find out that someone had already signed for it on that day but had somehow forgotten to let me know. When pressed for its whereabouts, nobody actually knew and it took them over half an hour to search through the entire ground floor only to find the parcel sitting right in front of their eyes at the concierge desk.Checking out at 7am on a Sunday was another mistake, there was nobody at the reception at the time and when someone finally showed up, he actually had no idea that my room had already been paid for and insisted on me paying again. When I told him to check the documents associated with my room, he dared to say that the Accounts Department was close for the weekend. Two weeks now and I am still wrangling with them as they have decided to charge my credit card nonetheless.Will I return? Yes, even just for the size of the room and the convenience of the hotel location.	
Feb 14 2006	Good value for money	Got this hotel for two nights at £49 per night including all taxes through priceline. First i'll start off with the negatives: The hotel from the outside looks terrible, very 70's and the room we stayed in looked in need of decorating, paint peeling off shabby looking furnishings etc. Thin walls. The PositivesThe lobby and the hotel facilities look 4 star. It's Cheap (don't pay much more than £50 per night for this hotel though or you might be dissapointed). Good room size, fridge in room (very handy). Great location, 3 minute walk from the tube, lots of bars and restaurants nearby. The breakfast in the hotel was expensive (£15), there's a place called Muffin Man round the corner which is good for a cake and coffee but to be honest i was a bit dissapointed with the english breakfast from there and it was a bit dear at £8 for toast, orange juice, coffee, bacon and scrambled eggs (some places offered more for only £5.99)If you fancy a nice meal try UTSAV, one of the best currys i've had in my life, and not too expensive for London prices, try their THALI meal (selection of different dishes). For a reasonably priced pint and lunch try the Prince Of Wales Pub.All in all i was happy with this hotel and the area we stayed in, it felt very safe and was quite handy for the tube into the centre of London. BTW it only cost £11 back in Black Cab at night from Oxford St.	
Feb 3 2006	Great location great room but on in the winter!	Being my first trip to London, the location couldn't have been any better. The room was quite large and didn't have any weird smells like some of the other reviews had said. But one thing I can agree on was that the rooms AC didn't work at all. It just keep blowing warm are and we were there in Jan. can't imagine what it would be like in the summer. Our room was on the four floor and on the Tube side but I didn't hardly ever hear it as well as I didn't hear other people in the rooms next to us. My over all stay was great but again only in the cool season would I stay there.	
Feb 2 2006	Nice room thin walls	I found the location of this hotel excellent. The room (a twin on the 10th floor) was also very nice.We stayed 3 nights, on the 3rd night, people next door arrived home at 6am and made loads of noise for the next few hours. As people have already mentioned, the walls are very thin, so if you have bad luck with your neighbours, this could seriously affect your stay.	
Jan 22 2006 	In London on work and only had limited funds (to claim back)	First mistake I made was to get off at South Ken (a tad embarrassing with my work colleague as I lived in London for 14years).It is two minutes stroll from High Street Ken. But when u come round the corner my initially thought was that of a 1960/70's office block (ie vee ugly).Was plesantly surprised by the reception area - nice and then got narked as I stood in the queue waiting to get checked in for what seemed liked and hour but was probably only 10-15mins - the problem was the slowness of the reception staff coupled with a few dippy yanks (sorry people but it is true).Got a room on the 9th floor odd (ie 905) bad news this as it backs onto the tube line. A bit noisy but with a bit of alcohol, sleep wasn't an issue!IF U HAVE GOT KIDS GET AN EVEN NUMBERED ROOM! Got the room for 80 quid a night - decent for central london. Rooms and shower were a bit tired but the bed was worse veee saggy and soft.Would I stay again ? For £80 yes I would.The rack rate for my room was £235 - DO NOT PAY THIS!	
Jan 18 2006 	Poor service but great food!	I booked a small two day conference at the Tara Copthorne on 16/17 Nov 05. It was all booked and paid for in advance, so imagine my dismay when I arrived in London at 9pm after an exhausting day and journey to find that they didn't have a bedroom for me. Luckily my colleagues had checked in earlier, but I was told that they had overbooked the hotel and was offered accommodation at another Copthorne hotel - wait for the punchline.......in HEATHROW!!!! I wasn't the only one either, there were at leastanother 8 people in the same situation, some of whom had just come from Heathrow!!! Well I refused point blank to go to Heathrow and eventually they found me a room at the Holiday Inn Forum for the first night and promised me that I would get an upgraded room at the Tara on the second night, which they honoured. However having to queue for 45 mins at the Holiday Inn for a taxi to get back to the Tara for an 8.30am start of the conference wasn't my idea of a good start to the day.The upgraded room on the second night was ok, but the bathroom was very dated.What I would thoroughly recommend at the Tara is the food. The lunchtime menu at the cafe was excellent - with a special Thai menu that was delicious. Dinner in the restaurant was also faultless and very tasty.So, to summarise, pop in for lunch or dinner, but if you can get accommodation elsewhere, then avoid the Tara.	
Jan 14 2006 	not too good at all	Not goodGood food but room not at all nice - broken buscuit found on floor - so not cleaned well. Mini bar EMPTY. Early morning calls came through when NOT booked.	
Jan 14 2006	not that good	good location - good food - poor rooms - broken biscuit found on floor on arrival - early morning calls when not booked	
Jan 9 2006	Just a nice hotel	Although the Tara is hidden around the back streets of Kensington it is a very nice hotel. I enjoyed the bar and restaurant, very modest for London. The rooms were I found a little bit bigger than most hotels I have stayed in London which was not reflected in the price which again was modest. Hotel only 5 min walk to high street and tube.Lots of pubs and restaurants and safe to walk at night	
Jan 6 2006	Would certainly stay again	Took my mum to london for the first time in her life during december 05. Had to find a reasonable priced hotel that was near enough to the centre so we could easily get around the city. Read a few reviews and chose this hotel and it was the best thing that i did. Got a twin room on the 3rd floor and it was as quiet as anything. Cool in the day and really nice during the day. Our room was facing the front on the building where the cars go under the rooms. Didn't hear a car all night and the rooms next door must have been empty as didn't a squeak from anyone. It is within walking distance of kensington high street and the tube station (and not far from the emi offices..!!!!) so it was really easy to get something to eat and the tubes are brilliant from there. Paid about £100 for 2 nights (friday &amp; saturday) and i cannot wait to stay again and we are already thinking about coming again in the summer..	
Dec 27 2005	I'd stay here again!	My sister and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara in August 2005, and we found it to be a lovely place to stay. The room was clean, the beds and comforters were very comfortable, and the staff were pleasant and able to accommodate our request for an early check-in. The hotel is perfectly situated right off Kensington High Street, with easy access to the Kensington High Street Tube and bus stops. The only problem we had at the Copthorne Tara was with the thin walls, but it certainly didn’t take away from the positive experience we had at this hotel!	
Dec 26 2005	average hotel - with above average amenities	We got Copthorne Tara for a great London price of approximately $75 per night, so I can't really complain. The lobby and restaurant are quite nice, but the rooms are average and in need of an overhaul.Not terrible, just need some general maintenance.(mild mold on shower curtain, peeling wallpaper).We arrived early and were told that no rooms would be ready for us until 3pm, which is their policy, however, it was quite annoying since we go there at 12 noon. After reading previous reviews, I had e-mailed almost a month in advance for a room on a high floor, facing away from the train, non-smoking. They acted as if they had never read this request, then when I showed them my printout they honored everything but the room facing away from the trains.(BTW, you can hear the trains, but it's not too bad).I found the hotel staff to be not very accomodating, unless pressed for service, which is not the way it should be. Our &quot;pants press&quot; came off the wall the 2nd day of our 5 day stay. When asked for it to be repaired, it was removed and never seen again - (even after two reminders). Some nice things about the hotel - great location for shoping and the tube, great restaurant/room service, coffee/tea in the room. So, as I said this place is okay, but not great. I would NOT stay there again,however, prefering more friendly service.	
Dec 1 2005	Great location - paper thin walls!	We stayed here for 5 nights in November. The hotel is reasonably priced in a great location and the room was clean and tidy - the fridge is a great addition as there is a Marks &amp; Spencers at the tube station nearby for late night/early morning snacks etc. The only problem we had was that the walls were absolutely paper thin - and we were at the end of the corridor so only had one neighbour. We could hear our next door neighbours coughing, talking and the TV might as well have been in our room because we could hear every word. Also, one day we had put our &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door so that we could lie in (after being awoken at 6.55 am for the second day running by next door watching BBC breakfast news), and housekeeping telephoned our room at 11am to ask when we wanted our room cleaned! So if you fancy a couple of lie-ins I would say it's not the hotel for you!	
Nov 26 2005	Avoid	Other than its convenient location in a trendy London neighborhood, this hotel was a disappointment. All rooms on back side of building face tube underground tracks. The air conditioning system is unpredictable and the windows do not open, giving the rooms a stale odor. The beds are hard and uncomfortable. A better choice for visitors who wish to stay in this neighborhood would be the Kensington Close hotel located across the street.	
Nov 22 2005	Great price/location for a tourist-class hotel	Ended up at this hotel via Priceline - great price considering how much the average rate is for London hotels. I checked in very late (11pm) but luckily they were expecting this as I had confirmed my travel plans in advance via e-mail. I also asked for a non-smoking room in the e-mail.. which I did get although not sure if there was any connection.High Street-Ken. is the nearest Tube stop. There are also plenty of buses you can catch that go to various destinations in the area. This is helpful if the Tube is not running. A bus guide is located in the Tube station. There's a ton of shopping on High Street - it is a destination in itself! Room was comfortable, bed was average, bathroom was clean and good water pressure in the shower. Train noise was fairly minimal from the 7th floor. About 3 blocks south of the hotel, there is a street (Stratford Road) that has a nice cafe (well-priced and charming), grocery, butcher shop, post office, and other amenities. It's a nicer alternative to The Muffin Man and Caffe Nero, both of which are technically closer to the hotel but usually very crowded. The price I paid was worth it, especially in terms of convenience and location.	
Nov 21 2005	Decent hotel clean good service	We booked at this hotel for 4 nights around $130.00 per night, including tax. Was skeptical at first, however when we got there we were satisfied with our double room, the cleanliness and service. Overall, this was a great hotel to stay in, especially in London.	
Nov 11 2005	Good value for the money	The Copthorne Tara is considered a booby prize hotel in the Kensington zone by Priceline aficionados. Since I’m a booby, I got the prize by impulsively adding the Kensington zone when I was angling for the Thistle Marble Arch. Good news, it was as acceptable as any other Priceline experience I’ve had. The hotel is located right off of the High Street Kensington tube station. Turn left out of the main tube entrance and make another left immediately on the corner at Wrights Lane. At the end of the block you will see the Kensington Close hotel, bear left and the Copthorne Tara is the large yellowish brick building immediately to the left. It will be obvious. There's also a faster shortcut, but it's through a poorly lit alleyway. Turn left right out of the tube turnstiles and head to the green &quot;fire exit&quot; sign. I would not use this the first time you go to the hotel, or if you're chary about unlit areas at night. Check in was polite and speedy. The clerk only had twin bedded rooms, but without asking switched me to a higher floor, and also allowed me to check in at 1:00 pm. This may be the luck of the draw; a man checking in at the same time with another clerk was told to come back at 3:00 pm. My room was a standard twin bedded room, about the same level and design as the Holiday Inn Kensington Forum in London. Amenities are basic; there is coffee maker with coffee, a combination trouser press/iron that did not work (I called housekeeping and they promptly brought an iron and board) and a television I never used. The air conditioning unit is similar to those in the U.S. and effective, but not necessary at the end of October. The bathroom had a smallish tub and the hotel provides bar soap, shampoo and shower gel as well as bath and large face towels. If you use conditioner or a small washcloth, bring your own. Most conveniently, the room had a small cube refrigerator in it instead of a minibar. Two blocks to the left on the High Street there is a Somerfield market that is well stocked with produce and prepared foods and there are several other options as well. Internet service is painfully expensive. WiFi is available only in the lobby and at the cost of £8 per hour. I found that if I walked up the block past the Kensington Close hotel and then crossed Cheniston Gardens and walked another block up Abingdon Villas to Iverna Gardens I found a stray wireless signal on the corner. My guess is there are several others in the neighborhood as well. There is a fitness room in the hotel that costs £5 per visit. I shamefully admit that after packing workout clothing I just never had time to use it. I’d have no problem staying here again. I liked the convenience to the Tube and the in-room refrigerator. I did not like the high cost for other incidentals (wireless, exercise room) and the location should be considered. Kensington (and presently Marble Arch) seem to be currently the least expensive Priceline zones in London, but Mayfair Soho is the most convenient for a tourist. Most of the central London attractions are there, as is the theater district. I was spending at least an hour daily traveling on the Tube on various trips. Hotels like the Thistle Charing Cross can sometimes come up for around $95/night (I got the Copthorne Tara for $69) but the extra expense may be worth the convenience and offset by the decreased transportation costs.	
Nov 1 2005	Great Location	The Copthorne is conveniently located close to small restaurants, shops and the Kensington station. Very easy to get around. The room was on the small side but certainly adequate and the bath was spotless. Eventhough we were on the 3rd floor, we had no problem getting a good night's rest. Internet access was available and the money exchange service located off their lobby was very convenient. It would get an &quot;Above Average&quot; score if is wasn't for the slow service or, in some cases, no service at all, in the restaurant at breakfast, which may have been due to the large tour group we were with. However, when we had dinner without the group, we were seated in very close proximity to a chain smoker (about 2 ft.). When we mentioned to the waitress that the smoke was making us very uncomfortable, there was no attempt to move our table eventhough there were only a few tables occupied in the large dining room. Since our dinner had already arrived, we ate quickly and left. We would stay there again, but hopefully, by that time, their &quot;no smoking&quot; law will be in effect.	
Oct 14 2005	Great Location! 2 minute walk to High Street Kensington!!!	We stayed at this hotel for two nights September 2005. The check in staff and concierge were very nice! The room had a musty odor....apart from that it was decent. The restaurants were a little pricy so we had breakfast at The muffin man (very tasty and a good price), and lunch at The Terrace (thai food) also very tasty..both restaurants are a hop, skip and a jump from the hotel.The hotel has an internet cafe for a small fee, and the Kensington High Street station is about a 5 minute walk. Our room was on the seventh floor facing the front of the buiding so we were not bothered by the tube station noise. Overall we were pleased with the accommodations and would stay there again!	
Oct 8 2005	Good base for the right rate...	I made a reservation via lastminute.com for this hotel at a rate of £59 per night for 2 nights in early Oct 2005. As the same dates came up as £89 for a standard room via the hotel's own website and anything up to and over £125 per night on other sites (with a rack rate of £230 per night) this seemed like a very good deal to me.I was somewhat concerned with what we would find after reading some of the reviews here. I arrived around 1pm and was allowed to check-in early and get a twin room rather than the dbl that was reserved.The room was standard, on the first floor, faced to the rear of the building so was quiet. We were at the far end of the corridor (Room 136) plenty of natural light, further back you would have been blocked by other buildings. Big enough, clean, good size empty fridge useful for snacks and drinks. TV with basic channels, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, small table &amp; two chairs. Room enough for our small carry-on type bags.Bathroom wasn't huge. The power shower was the kind to nearly take your skin off so beware! Enough shelf space for two ladies bountiful toiletries and skin care.Our room had a connecting door to the next room for anyone who requires this facility.Worst aspect was the huge air con unit that didn't really make the room much cooler and the non-opening windows. We were pretty much out from 9.30am to 10.30pm (or later) each day but we both woke-up with headaches in the morning due largely to the heat and lack of fresh air. I wouldn't want to stay here in a heatwave. Didn't eat b/fast at the hotel as it was overpriced ((£12.25 for continental and £15.25 for a full English b/fast)) the norm in these types of hotels. Unless it's included in your rate other options nearby would be 'Muffin Man' a few mins away on Wright's Lane which you can't miss on your way to the Tube or High St Kensington. Open from 9am Sunday and I think earlier in the week. Under £5 for something hot and much less for a coffee and pastry type b/fast.The Marks &amp; Spencer's store sells food as do the Boots Chemist and Pret a Manger all near the entrance of High St Kensington tube. I grabbed croissants, ham, cheese, fruit and juice (this is where the fridge was handy)and we ate at the table in our room. The immediate locale has plenty of shops (many big clothes stores) and restaurants. Plenty of bus routes to take you to other parts of London without a problem, or the Tube (High Street Kensigton on the Circle &amp; District Line) about 5 mins walk away. My friend travelled in from Heathrow and found the journey easy. If you can get a cheap rate this is a good base for a night or two in London. For what we paid other options would have been lower end type B&amp;B establishments in a less central location. However, the heat/fresh air issue might bother some people, me included, for any longer than that.	
Oct 7 2005	hot rooms	I booked this through priceline (it was the first time I had done this) then reading the reviews on the Copthorne Tara, it was with trepidation when I checked in. Check-in a bit slow, we had a concert to go to, but my room was very clean and air-conditioned, although it could not be said for my sister and her daughter as their air-conditioning was not working so they spent a very uncomfortable night there. Overall, I would give this hotel an above average rating. But my sister a terrible one.	
Oct 4 2005	Adequate and clean	We stayed at this hotel for one night on a layover in London. It is in an upscale neighborhood, about a 40 pound cab ride from Heathrow Airport. The room was adequate, and the hotel personnel were very nice (they even let us check in early). The continental breakfast, included in the room rate, was the best we have seen, including fresh fruit and a couple of very nice rolls. Overall a clean facility in a very good part of town.	
Sep 26 2005	OUTRAGEOUS service 	Booked thru Priceline never knew we needed addinal room for my 3 year &amp; 10 year old kids in LONDON!. During booking nowhere does it ask for number of kids etc, so during check in were made to wait for 2 hrs to see one manager after the other &amp; go over our SAGA of trying to have a family vacation in london.Finally they agreed to let us check in with two addional rooms(two families with kids) for 600 ponds addional(which was an perfect example of making good of the situation. We had to split us as my 3 year old would not sleep in adjacent noisy room, tuned out to be a 1000 pounds waste for 2 families for 3 nights.Staff were very unfriendly &amp; would do nothing to help or ease the checkin.No room for addional roll on beds or crib so if you plan to stay there with even one baby who is month old BOOK 2 ROOMS &amp; Sleep seperately$@^%!&amp;^@^	
Sep 26 2005	Not bad at the price	Room was bit small, but OK. Given the prices in London, we got a great deal. Our room was on the 11th floor, lower floors do have some &quot;tube&quot; noise. Very convienent to two tube stations. Continental breakfast was Ok, but nothing to write home about. We signed up for the upgrade (which probably got us a better floor). It had Internet access which runs more than 20 dollars per day or 6 and hour ( I think) included for free along with access to a &quot;club&quot; room for breakfast (nice) and drinks (not worth the trip).	
Sep 25 2005	Pretty good choice	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara from 9/18 - 9/23 and found it to be a very good choice. The hotel is very attractive inside and for the price we paid - the room was fine. My only problem at all was the room had a musty smell, but we just opened the window every day before we left and aired it out. Thankfully we did not get any critters in the room. The hotel does need to address this. Other than that, the room was nice and clean. After reading comments on bugs, I did a pretty good inspection and found none. We did not eat at the hotel so no comments there. We loved the location best of all. After riding around London zones 1 and 2, we liked our location better than any other. There is a shortcut to the tube which we used at all times of the day and night and felt very safe - ask the concierge for directions - really easy. Overall - a good experience!!	
Sep 13 2005	Stains and mold but manager was great...	When we arrived (12noon) it was raining and we were asked to wait until our room was finished (3pm). I instinctively asked if there were any railway tracks nearby and found that we were next to them. We complained to the manager (Sarah) who promptly moved us to a high floor the same side.When we arrived at the room the sheets were poorly dressed to the bed, the skirting sheet was too long. Then the fun started...The quilt cover had dried blood stains - we requested House keeping to change, they came back with another piece of dirty linen. On the third cover we noticed large blood stains on the duvet together with what appeared to be urine marks. The bathroom also had mold in the corners which could be a health hazard. House keeping were cordial and apologetic but we snapped and Sarah moved us to the Millennium Mayfair which was great.What makes this worse is that Priceline advertises this as a 4 start hotel.	
Sep 10 2005 	Filthiest room ever probably a health hazard	Thick dirt &amp; dust under heating/conditioning unit; room edges uncleaned obviously for ages; likewise other surfaces - recipe for bed bugs &amp; goodness knows what else. Many uncleaned marks on the carpet. Window falling apart so was screwed shut (think that's true of all rooms). Bathroom dirty; peeling paint; fake marble panels peeling and the gaps collecting yellow gunge; limescale everywhere on fittings; showerhead disintegrating; scalding hot water. Cleaners use bathroom towels to clean the bathroom floor. Apparently all the standard rooms look like this according to management. Reception area and other areas look quite good though the bench seat in the bar collapsed when sat on. Breakfast staff seem terrified of someone, probably the unsmiling lady who seats you. Often long q's (lines) waiting to be seated.We have travelled extensively over many years - this is the filthiest place in which we have had the misfortune to stay. Who on earth could give such conditions any stars ? Probably needs a shut down period to sanitize/sort the rooms out. Well worn, tatty furniture &amp; carpets. Total embarrassment to anyone British - hope visitors do not think we Brits find such squalor acceptable.	
Aug 31 2005 	Reliable and comfortable but expensive	I've stayed here several times (usually on expenses although I've paid to stay there once) and it's a very comfortable, well-appointed well-run, although somewhat 'soulless' hotel. The rooms are large, the furniture and decor bland and moderately luxurious (with very well-appointed bathrooms), the staff are polite and courteous, and everything just seems to work.Discreet, efficient and characterless - somewhere to use as a comfortable base for a London trip rather than somewhere to arouse any strong feelings. Very much lives up to its 4* billing.	
Aug 31 2005	If bed bugs damp and dirt are your thing stay here!	Stayed here for 2 nights and couldn't wait to check out! Had a great time in london but this Hotel was the pitts. It is very old and dated from the outside, a real eyesore. I had a room at the back of the hotel overlooking the train tracks which didn't really bother me too much. The room itself stank of mould and damp and the bathroom was even worse, the shower curtain clearly hadn't been washed in ages and had a really sour smell to it.I think the fact that you couldn't open the windows had something to do with this as there was no natural air in the room (I hate rooms with sealed windows). However, in it's defense the aircon was quite powerful but I hate aircon too and I have now got a sore throat and cold as a result!We also found bed bugs on the second night and moved rooms at midnight, the Manager was very apologetic and moved us to an upgraded room which wasn't much different to the standard room, just a different colour scheme and a better view. I did get the room through Priceline and it was a good deal but in future I would rather pay more and stay somewhere decent, I felt really dirty and itchy whilst staying here and all my clothes smelt of damp when I got back home, not nice!	
Aug 25 2005	Good choice	My husband and I had a very quick layover in London one night on our way back to NY from France and stayed at this nice hotel on the suggestion of a co-worker. The hotel was clean, comfy, fine bathroom and had a nice lobby. The location is good, close to the tube and all around a very good hotel. I would highly recommend it. There was one thing I want to bring up and that is that they can not guarantee a non-smoking or smoking room. I wanted a non-smoking room and when I went to check in, they told me (even though I had a reservation) that the only room available was smoking. I pitched a fit because I can't stand smoke or the stale smell it leaves behind, but I had no choice because they were full that night. To my pleasant surprise, the room didn't smell like smoke at all, and it was fine. One side note on a good restaurant. We needed a place to eat late that night and the concierge told us that everything was closed (it was after 11pm). We went out looking anyway and found a great Lebanese restaurant right across from the tube station. It was excellent and they stay open until 2am.	
Aug 19 2005	Great location 	The best thing this hotel has going for it is its location. Super close to the tube station and within walking distance of lots of shops, restaurants and pubs.First impression from the outside is not great; it is kind of dated-looking and not in a quaint sort of way! Inside is nice and more modern-looking. We had booked through Priceline and got a great deal on the rate, but at check-in we got a bit of run-around and were told that they could not guarantee non-smoking rooms (&quot;especially when reservations are booked through internet offers&quot; What???) and they suggested we upgrade from a standard room to a more expensive one. We refused to do this, and they miraculously came through with a n/s standard double as we had originally specified. So beware if they try to coerce you into an upgrade due to issues with availability.We were very satisfied with the room itself. Although not extremely plush, it appeared to have been recently renovated and had newer carpeting and the furniture was not overly worn. The room was clean and of a decent size with handy amenities such as coffee/tea service, fridge, blow dryer and ironing board. Our room did face the train tracks, but surprisingly it was not too loud, so no problem there.We ate one dinner at the hotel, and it was OK but nothing great. Also stopped at the hotel bar once; ditto the above plus overpriced compared to local pubs.We would stay there again (especially if we could get that great pricing again!) - to sum up, it was a clean &amp; decent place with a great location.	
Aug 17 2005	Good Location - Fair price	Hotel is in good location for sites and transport.Bedroom was ample size but in need of some re-decoration - although it was clean. Communal areas (e.g. lobby, halls etc) in better condition - so by the time you got to the bedroom it was abit disappointing.Bar staff were abit off-hand and over charged us for drinks (my husband only noticed when repeating same order).Continental breakfast is very overpriced and not very good. We went to the Muffin Man tea shop just round the corner and had a lovely cooked breakfast - the price for 3 breakfasts was the same as one continental at the hotel.Would stay there again as price, location and cleanliness was fine - just nothing special	
Aug 16 2005	Rooms were bog standard	For the price I suppose it was just about ok - expected a bit more. The rooms were bog standard, the breakfast was bad except for the juices and fruit, the shower was excellent but the bathroom was tiny - would not go again but was fit for the price just about.	
Aug 5 2005	4 Stars location 2 Stars Room 3 Stars Overall	Stayed 7 nights from July 23-30 2005Rate: $100+tax.Location: Perfect, Mark and Spencer, Somerfield, Restaurants, shops, even Macdonald's, all there once you walk 150m out to Kensington high street.Transport: kensington High street Tube is on the street, however, the circle line was not available during our stay because of the incident. You could also take the Tube to/fro the airport, and this is convenient and most inexpensive GBP4(Adult) way to the airport. Mini cab is GBP35, Taxi is probably GBP60 to the airport.Room: Resonable, about 12-13sqm + toilet, and quiet, or you could upgrade to 11-12th floor by paying GBP25-35/night, then B/F will be included, and a better room. The furniture in the room is heavily worn down, making the room looks more like Days Inn (highway/express version) and not Copthrone. While it is a non smoking room, but apparently it is not a non-smoking room. A empty small fridge for all your shopping, handy. Overall not so satisfied with the room.Internet: Sorry, I have to laugh...No internet connection in the room, you have to go to the lobby to get connected. GBP8/hr, GBP10/3hrs, GBP22/24 hrs, but this hours is continuous, so unless you could sit in the lobby whole night, I am not sure how is is done. Tel connection is GBP2.5 per call (0800 number)Vicinity: Near to Kesington Palace, and Hyde Park, no complain.Service: Good, friendly, helpful.Food: Have not eaten a meal in the hotel, there are a lot of choices on High Street.	
Aug 1 2005	Very Pleased	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara from June 19-June 26. I was a little worried because of past reviews, but found an excellent deal through Londontown. We were quite pleased. I emailed the hotel ahead of time to specify a non-smoking room and early check in. We arrived at 1:00 and our room was already available. The check-in desk was not that busy, however we did notice that at times it was swamped. A lot of tour groups stay here. We did not have any problems with noise outside or from other guests. Our room faced the street, not the tube. You can't beat the location. Muffin Man is great, and we highly recommend! We found the staff at the hotel to be very accomodating and friendly. The only &quot;problem&quot; we had, which we knew in advance, was the sink. The hot water and the cold water come out on separate ends of the sink. This makes having warm water a little difficult! It was ok though and the shower was nice, great pressure. Overall we were VERY pleased and would highly recommend to anyone visiting London. Cheers!	
Jul 25 2005	Thin walls...	The best part about the hotel was the location. It is perfectly located - the tube station is one block away.The room was fine, but seemed a bit on the old side. I paid $105 on priceline for 4 nights. My biggest complaint was the very thin walls. I could hear the conversations word for word of my neighbors. And, one night I barely slept because of the fighting couple next door. I called the front desk but they didn't seem to do anything.The concierge(s) are great and they are there 24 hours. Jimmy helped me tremendously! Not sure if I would stay there again because of the thin walls.	
Jul 23 2005	Good Location	I stayed here for 5 nights during July. The rooms are nice and spacious, reasonably clean and air-conditioned. Very close to the tube station and in a nice quiet area.The only complaint would be any noise that can be heard from adjoining rooms, you can easliy hear people talking and even snoring!	
Jul 20 2005	Great Location Nice Hotel	After reading a lot of reviews on this site, I was very sceptical about this hotel as we are used to 5 star posh resort hotels. My boyfriend and I stayed at Tara from July 2-6. We got it at around 135$ a night through Priceline. Let me tell you, first impressions arent always right. From the outside, the hotel looks outdated, but once we had entered, we saw marble floors with lots of chandeleers. Our room was very clean and by European standards a normal size. We arrived @ 1 pm but were told that our room will be ready @ 3, and it was. The hotel is updated on the inside. Nice elevators, hall, business center, gift shop. There is another hotel right next door which offers the use of its facilities for 10 pounds a person. There you can find a gym, very large pool, jacuzzi, wet and dry saunas. After a day of walking around and site seing, nothing felt better than a jacuzzi!Kensington area is great, lots of stores and restaurants, and not as touristy as Picadili or Mayfair. The tube is 2 blocks away and great breakfast place called Muffin Man is down the block, where we stoped every morning prior to our full day of site seing. Overall, we were VERY pleased with Tara hotel. Great location and cleanliness. One thing that bothered me a bit is that the sink in the bathroom leaked a bit at night and there was a separate faucet for Hot and Cold water in the bathroom sink. Other than that, it was great!	
Jul 5 2005	Good Location 	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for six nights and were pleased with its location, cleanliness and amenities. Although check-in was a bit rough (lots of guests checking in and a clerk who seemed to be new), the staff were very accomodating overall and tried to make our stay pleasant. Because we booked through Priceline, we felt like we got a great deal!	
Jun 28 2005	Copthorne Tara....Kensington Area	Good bang for the buck, in a good area of London. We stayed 2 nights, June 10 &amp; 11. I booked thru Londontown[-] with continental breakfast. We were worried about the noise from the 'tube station' near the rear of the building, but it never bothered us whatsoever. The rooms were large and clean. The location is close to the tube and Big Bus tour stops, with lots of small rstaurants amd pubs within walking distance.For London, no complaints whatsoever.Take the walk (turn right) along Kensington Rd. You can take in the local parks and sites for an afternoon without heading to downtown Westminister.At the subway station there is a Marks &amp; Spensers store, where you can grab wine, beer, munchies etc. etc.Dano	
Jun 28 2005	No complaints....	We had a room at the Copthorne Tara for 4 nights while in London. Even though we faced the underground, the noise was not an issue at all. Rooms were neat though not spectacular, and the location near the underground station is a real plus. Breakfast was very good, but I agree with those who say that you should make sure it is covered in your room rate. It is very pricey.If I go back to London, I would stay at the Copthorne again.	
Jun 23 2005	Good hotel great location	I stayed at this hotel June 4-8, 2005. It's definitely not a 4-star property but it is certainly acceptable as long as you get a special room rate via the internet or elsewhere. Make sure that your room rate includes breakfast, because their meals are expensive. Breakfast was an extensive all-you-can-eat buffet of cereal, juices, fruit, breads, cheese and the proverbial ham. The hotel is a short walk to High Street Kensington Tube station and the many shops and restaurants located in the area. There is a laundromat located a few blocks from the hotel on Cromwell Road that we took advantage of as well. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 19 2005	Hated This Place. Four Stars? No Way	My wife and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara for three nights in London. At first, before we arrived in London, we were quite pleased with our hotel location. It is on Kensington High Street, so the shopping is pretty nice. More importantly, it is adjacent to a subway station, which made getting around London a lot easier. They also rated themselves as a four star hotel. When I think of four star hotels, I think of places like the Four Seasons, perhaps a Ritz-Carlton, an Intercontinental, etc. Well, I guess the Copthorne's owners have a vastly different idea than I mine. First of all, the exterior and the lobby of the hotel are UGLY. It reminds me of being in the 1970's, ie., the decor was never updated from the original construction. I have stayed in hotels that were ugly on the outside but were very nice on the inside where it counts, the rooms. That was not meant to be the case at the Copthorne. The check-in process took a while. The clerks were none too friendly. It was more of the attitude that the customers and guests were getting in the way. OK, we could deal with that. But when we entered the rooms, were we in for a surprise. It looked like the inside of a Motel 6 or a dorm room. I have nothing against Motel 6's, but I know what I am getting for the price when I stay at Motel 6. I didn't expect that for a hotel that bills itself as being &quot;four stars&quot;. For example--cheap modular furniture (like in the dorms). Lumpy uncomfortable beds. But we could accept all this grudingly except the service really ticked us off. We had a dripping bathtub spigot. It kept dripping and dripping. It got pretty annoying at night. We called the front desk, they said they would send a maintenance guy over. This was at 11PM after my wife and I made a trans-Atlantic trip. We were really tired. I asked for another room. No way. Maintenance man first. He came and wanted to basically take the damned fixture apart. At night!!! My wife was exhausted and I told him to come back the next day. The next day my wife and I went sightseeing and when we came back, we saw some results of the work, dirt etc. We took showers and lo and behold, the drip came back. We called the clerk again. They couldn't do anything. And we just decided to give up. We were so ticked off that we started to look for another hotel in London but since we were only going to stay one more night, we decided it was not worth the trouble to move our luggage again.	
Jun 12 2005	Good Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara from May 22 to May 31, 2005. We booked it through Priceline and were a little afraid because of some of the reviews. However, this hotel is a very good choice, especially if you are on a budget. It was very clean and the whole staff (including the consierge) was very friendly to me and my family. Since we booked through Priceline, which only goes by double occupancy, we had to e-mail the hotel to make other arrangements. This went very smoothly and they provided us with a family room (two connecting rooms) for a 10 pound supplement per night. The hotel is located in a very nice area. It is extremely close (about 3 minute walk through the alleyway and 4 minutes on the street) to the High Street Kensington tube station, which is extremely convenient. Kensington Gardens/Palace is also extremely close. The bathroom was good except for the two separate hot and cold water in the sink but since we had a connecting room that had a mixed faucet it was okay. The shower was very strong but it could be regulated slightly. The water temperature was great. Also, we were on the first floor on the train track side but we could hardly hear the trains at all. If we made no noise and tried to listen for them was the only time we heard them. I never heard anything through the walls until our last night when a rowdy young bunch stayed next door (but that could probably be said about any place). I would not recommend eating in the hotel for breakfast (at Brasserie) unless you have it complemetary to your stay. It is VERY over priced for what is offered. There is a cafe with Internet that is slightly overpriced but the people who work there are extremely nice and the food is pretty good. Outside of the hotel, I would recommend Pret A Manger if you like organic salads and sandwiches. The Thai Terrace is a good restaurant too but can be expensive. We ate at the Muffin Man a few times and it wasn't that bad. Overall, this hotel was in a great location and allowed us to have a great vacation.	
Jun 9 2005	Good location average hotel would stay there again	We enjoyed this hotel. It was pretty clean, the room was fairly large for Europe. No safe in the room. The concierge was not very helpful and I learned not to ask for anything from them. The rest of the staff was very friendly though. There is a tube station only a block away, a Boots (sandwiches, drinks, bandaids, etc.) next to the tube station. A block further is a grocery store where we bought canned drinks for the refrigerator in our room. The Big Bus Tour has a stop only about 2.5 blocks away. I got a good price ($80 US), loved the location, and liked the room, I would stay there again.	
Jun 7 2005 	Friendly Hotel in a fantastic location	We travel to London often on business and found this hotel through their own website, as we have stayed at other Copthorne hotels before. The location was just what we needed - it is off High Street Kensington so quiet at night but on the high street their are plenty of shops, bars and cafes with lots of variety. It is only 2 minutes from the underground station or from the high street you can take a bus straight into Oxford Street or Piccadilly (great for getting to the theatre district). On a warm day it is lovely being so close to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park for some fresh air and to get away from the crowds.At the hotel we found the service excellent and very helpful for booking tickets to the theatre. We had booked a connoisseur bedroom on the top floor which has breathtaking views over London and includes access to their Club Lounge. We had breakfast their in the morning which was all freshly baked and prepared and drinks their in the evening also.The broadband access in our bedroom was also very handy for work.Overall I wouldnt hesitate to stay here again.	
Jun 1 2005	Great Location very overated hotel	I stayed here for three days May 25-28, 2005. The location is great, very close to Kensington High Street shops and the nearby parks and museums. Lots of shopping and inexpensive food options nearby, bought breakfast at Marks and Spenser most days. The hotel staff was very helpful in confimring my room request prior to my arrival, by email. I had requested a non-smoking room facing west on a high floor. Perhaps it was difficult fulfilling these requests, but open checking in at 10 am I waited almost 5 hours until I was assigned a room. I complained numerous times only to be told that check in isn't guaranteed until 3 pm. I have never had to wait this long when checking in early in Europe. They did however satisfy my room requests.The room however, was very old and outdated There were two black metal chairs that looked to be about 30 years old, very unpleasant. The bathroom was ugly with a shower that was almost impossible to regulate the water's temperature. The bed was a double with a duvet cover, but the bed was old and uneven and the linens and pillows of very low quality. No turn down service was offerd. I ordered ice from room service one night since there was no ice machine and was charged 2.20 pounds ($4) for this! After this I just went down to the bar and got two glasses of ice if I needed them. The TV had only a few channels. The hotel has a bar and two restaurants and an internet cafe, but no other ammenities. There is no gym or pool.Overall, very disappointing alhtough the staff tries their best to be helpful. This is not a 4 star hotel, probably not even a three star hotel.	
May 25 2005 	Would stay again.....	....... if the price were right. I paid £70 for a night and for this price in London I thought it was pretty good.Huge place and my room was a mile from the lift but had a pleasant view across to to the Royal Albert Hall. Check-in was the best I have experienced lately after having booked with an online agency although, I had booked a double but was allocated a twin and could only change to a smoking room, but it wasn't too bad.Kensington is a lovely place to stay after being at work in the City for the day and the room was nice and quiet in contrast to the more businessy hotels at Euston.If I were to suggest anything to the hotel it would be that an on-site leisure centre though should be a must for this size of hotel (835 rooms I believe).I would recommend the Copthorne if the price is right. I got the price by booking a &quot;top secret&quot; deal where you only find out what hotel it is when you've paid. The trick to finding out which is which is to sort them by distance from a certain spot and then compare the descriptions, which are crudely anonymised.	
May 23 2005	Great Location	I recently stayed here for 3 nights with my 14 year old daughter, who was on her first trip to London. The location was as terrific as promised in prior reviews, couple of minutes walk to Kensington High Street station. The area was upscale and quite safe to walk back in the late evening.We arrived early afternoon and were very pleased to find that we could have our room right away (1.30pm). The room was a good size with 2 twin beds, hairdryer, iron, coffee/tea service, and the fridge was a FANTASTIC bonus for my daughter who can be a bit fussy about food. We took advantage of the nearby Marks and Spencers food hall and cafes for several meals and snacks. The bathroom was clean, lots of hot water and a good, strong shower head! Our room faced over the Tube tracks but we didn't notice any noise, most nights we came back exhausted and slept like logs anyway. The staff was pleasant and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends, and would stay here again.	
May 4 2005 	Just perfect!	It was really one of the greatest hotels I 've ever seen lately. Perfect spot, great lobby and large, clean and beautiful decorated rooms. Food variety was limited, but we didn't matter. It was so nice to be there... The price is very good, it does worth the money you pay. We just loved it. I strongly reccomend it, especially if you have booked for a good price via internet. And I promise you. You won't believe in your eyes...	
May 2 2005	Honeymooner's Delight	My new husband and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara Hotel in Kensington from April 6 to April 13, 2005. We felt confident booking this hotel by reading these reviews and doing our homework about this hotel and others. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. The consierege was extremely helpful and friendly in arranging tours and giving wonderful tips on sights to see. For upgrading to the connesiour, you will receive a wonderful complementary contintental breakfast each morning with drinks and snacks each evening in a beautiful designated area. You are served toast and beverages by friendly servers while also having a very nice buffet to choose from. During this relaxing time, you also have the option to view a large screen television as well as newspapers and free internet access. It was a home away from home for us. Our last day was a sad one but it was a honeymoon to remember and we thank the Copthorne Tara for making it memorable for us.	
Apr 29 2005	Not so great	This was a reasonable hotel but it was certainly nothing special and in fact my boyfriend and I were quite disappointed. It was advertised as a four star hotel but I saw nothing that would put it above a three star, and indeed I've stayed in nicer two stars. The rooms were quite small, the bed was tiny, the furnishings were the sort of thing you would find in a travelodge and the bathroom had cracked tiles and wasn't the cleanest place. I got a bargain, so I was not moved to complain, but the asking price for rooms here is £225 and it was certainly not worth paying even half that. If you're staying in town on business and just need somewhere to lay your head then this will do just fine, but otherwise I'd suggest spending a little bit more, or going a little further afield and finding something more impressive.	
Apr 27 2005	It was fine -- impersonal but not a dump.	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for three nights mid-week in April 2005. We booked the hotel through Priceline for $88 a night and were able to get a double bed in a non-smoking room without a problem. The best thing about the hotel was its location -- just three short blocks from the High Street Kensington tube stop. It was also very close to shopping, dining (if you like Indian, try Utsav on High Street) and a cash machine. The hotel itself was fine -- the lobby was nice, and the concierge was knowledgeable and helped us figure out how to get discount theater tickets. But our room was just okay -- it was very large and clean, but looked like it had been mistreated a bit by prior guests -- there were black marks on the walls, scratches on the furniture, etc. etc. Also, the pillows were the flattest and hardest I have ever experienced -- sleeping was a bit uncomfortable. Our room faced the front parking lot, so we didn't have problems with noise from the tube.	
Apr 24 2005	unbeatable value for price	My husband and I have traveled throughout Europe on a mid-sized budget and found the Copthorne to be an excellent deal considering the expensive nature of the Kensington area. It is truly amazing that we found such a great price for a large room in such a perfect location. We will certainly return (with the help of Priceline) again.We booked at the Copthorne via Priceline with a bid of $80/night for a 4 star hotel (with taxes the total was around $100/night). It appears that many others on tripadvisor have booked there with similar bids... in fact my parents recently bid for late April with the exact bid and were also offered a room there.The location is excellent. There is a &quot;secret&quot; route from the tube station that takes 3-5 minutes to walk to the hotel (hint: walk left towards the pharmacy after exiting the tube gates; follow the alley exit to the left). It is a 10 minute walk from Kensington Gardens. There is a &quot;Muffin Man&quot; restaurant a little over a block away which provides reasonably priced breakfasts. We also tried the Thai restaurant at the same intersection and found the prices to be reasonable, food good by US standards, and the decor very charming. However, we bought most breakfasts at the bakery at the Marks and Spencer nearby.The lobby is clean and updated. The fact that the hotel is used by several airlines for their flight attendants is reassuring. They tried to offer us a room with two twin beds, despite our having called to reserve a double bed. However, they gave us our desired room with minimal resistance. We would recommend calling them after bidding on priceline to request non-smoking, double bed, etc and obtaining a new confirmation number.We were on the 2nd floor facing the tracks. We did hear the trains (sounded like distant thunder), but were rarely in our room. The noise was not excessive by any means and did not keep us awake. It was actually very calming, like a distant storm in the summer. There were no traffic noises whatsoever (as opposed to most other hotels in London). There was a pretty park just across the tracks that our room looked out over. The room's decor was simple and outdated, but sufficient and clean. The size of the room was certainly generous by London standards with a double bed, two chairs, table, and desk (it compared to 3 star hotels in the US). The mattress was not the greatest, but again it was still a great deal for the money. There was a nice-sized tv with cable, a fridge, portable coffee pot with teacups, and hair dryer. There was no in-room safe, but we kept our luggage locked and did not have a problem. I believe that they have a safe at the front desk if needed. The bathroom was clean with an older but well-running shower. Yes, there are two knobs for the sink and shower. However, anyone who complains about this has not traveled enough in Europe. We invite you to embrace the quaint charm of it all! Isn't that why we travel in the first place?!We did not eat at the restaurant, as there are so many other places in the city with cheaper food at similar quality. In summary, this is an excellent deal for the money if you use priceline. Those who complain about the service or decor need to try other hotels in London at the same price ($100/night with tax); they will then be thrilled to be staying at the Copthorne. It is not romantic or elegant, but would still be fine for singles or couples on a budget who want a clean room for a London getaway. We will certainly attempt to stay there via Priceline on our next trip.	
Apr 23 2005	Comfortable hotel Great value	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara this week and found it quite comfortable. The room was the largest of the London hotels where we stayed, and there was plenty of space for our luggage and for us. The room was clean and attractive. The hotel looks a little grungy from the outside, but we were pleased as soon as we saw the shiny lobby. The location was excellent. The hotel is a 5-minute walk from the Kensington Tara tube stop, along with a lot of shops, cafes, and restaurants. Hyde Park is very close, as well, so we were able to take a nice long walk in the morning. We felt very safe walking around in that area at night.We took advantage of the theater ticket service in the lobby. The man is only there during business hours, but he saved us a trip to Leicester Square, and got us 1/2 price tickets for Fame. There's also a pay Internet kiosk in the lobby. My only complaint was the overwhelming heat in the room. The room has a massive air conditioning/heater unit, which didn't cool us off. I don't hold this against the hotel too much, as we didn't complain until late night, at which point we didn't want maintenance coming up. I suspect this is not a typical problem for the Copthorne.The bathroom was larger than some of the other hotels where we've stayed. It looked a little worn around the edges, but was still clean and comfortable. The hotel breakfast was too expensive, so we ate at the Cafe Nero down the street.I'd happily stay at the Copthorne again next time.	
Apr 19 2005	Copthorne Tara a practical solution to where to stay in London.	I just returned from 5 nights in London at the Copthorne Tara Hotel. The hotel is large and the rooms, while not large by American standards, are perfectly comfortable. The rooms are clean and the hotel is well kept. Ask for a room in the front of the hotel; the rear gets alot of noise from the underground station nearby. The hotel is conveniently located about two blocks from the Kensington High Street underground station. Crews from several airlines stay at this hotel. Also many tour groups. Some of the people manning the concierge desk were very helpful; others were not. The hotel restaurant is OK and it is convenient if it is late or the weather is inclement, but the service is indifferent. If you are arriving early, do let the hotel know of your early arrival. I arrived early and was informed that the rooms would not be available until 3. I checked back several times but was always told, without the clerk even checking, that they were unavailable. This indifference also seems to carry over into maintenance. Our heat was not working: instead of trying to fix it, the hotel provided an electric heater for our 5 day visit. While these incidents were annoying, I would still stay at the Copthorne Tara again. It is hard to find a well located comfortable hotel in London. As long as one does not expect 4 star &quot;luxury&quot; or charm, the hotel is a good choice if you are staying in London more than a day or two. Look for some good discounts provided by some internet web sites.	
Apr 15 2005	Good hotel nice location	I stayed at the Copthorne during this past week, and was generally pleased with my stay. It is by no means a luxurious hotel, but served my purposes well and was a fine place to return to at the end of a long day. My room was on the seventh floor, overlooking the road leading to the hotel. If you are sensitive to noise from the Tube, be sure to request the front side of the hotel as I never heard any trains. The staff were pleasant and very helpful, from the first day to check-out. I did not eat breakfast in the hotel because there are plenty of cheaper options nearby including Caffe Nero for coffee, fresh fruit, and muffins. Plus Marks &amp; Spencer has a terrific selection of food, and you may also pick up sandwiches at Pret A Manger or Boots in the Tube stop. For a quick dinner, stop at Wagamama on Kensington High Street, near Next and Top Shop. The Copthorne's location is great, and is within easy walking distance of Kensington Palace, the wonderful V&amp;A, and Harrod's. Other than the musty smell in the hotel's hallway and my saggy bed, my only gripe is that the High Street Kensington Tube stop is on the District/Circle lines, and we had to change lines nearly each time we rode the Tube in order to reach our destination. It was not a huge hassle, so I would stay at the Copthorne again because of the location and reasonable rates.	
Apr 10 2005 	I like the Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine!	I have stayed at the Copthorne Tara twice now. I stay on business. I have found on both occasssions, the hotel to be efficient and rooms comfortable.Working to late and then ordering room service for dinner, I have found the service to be friendly and swift. I particularly like the idea that the hotel clearly is the place where Malaysian Airlines staff staywhen they break journey. There is a Malaysian/Singapore menu list for room service which is great. I would use this very central hotel again when in London and like others have said, breakfast is good too.	
Apr 2 2005	No worries	We booked this hotel through Priceline (great price!) and aside from our 10th floor room looking out over the railroad tracks, we had very little to complain about here. The room was large, clean, and modern (although we did end up with 2 twin beds instead of a double) The doorman was extremely helpful with our car parking situation. By the time we checked in, the car park was full but they allowed us to park in the very small lot in front of the hotel for the night...for free! The clientele appeared to be a mix of pilots/flight attendants, students, and business travelers. We did not eat here, but the restaurant menus appeared to be fairly overpriced. Breakfast prices looked outrageous (try the Muffin Man instead 1 block away). Overall, a satisfying experience.	
Mar 23 2005	Great hotel great location	After reading a few of the reviews posted here I was somewhat worried about staying at this hotel. The hotel was very close to the nearest tube station (High Street Kensington), roughly about 4 blocks. Also along High Street Kensington and nearby Kensington Church Street there are numerous bus stops. The fridge in the room was a great way to save a bit of money on food. There is a Safeway a 5-10 minute walk away and a Marks &amp; Spencer about 2 minutes. (The M&amp;S food store is in the basement of the department store) I enjoyed the sandwich shop Pret A Manger next to the tube station for reasonably priced sandwiches/drinks/snacks/etc, although these can be found all over London. There are numerous shops and restaurants along High Street Kensington, and I found the hotel to be within easy walking distance to Kensington Palace for my mother and myself. We were able to take the tube and buses and get around quite easily to most of centeral London.We had two twin beds in our room, both very comfortable. The beds only had a duvet type cover on top of them, no top sheet as I am used to, but this didn't end up bothering me one bit. The sink in the bathroom had a hot and cold faucet, but you can mix the water in the basin. The room did get a touch warm at one point for both of us, and I had to adjust the fan to as cold as it would go, but then I was comfortable and my mother was cold, so it just depends on personal preference. There was an electric kettle with tea/coffee/cream in the room. There are coin operated computers near the lobby for internet use, I think it was around 1 pound for 5-7 minutes. Also a little cafe and nice tv in this area. The staff was very friendly and helpful.When I go back to London I would consider staying at this hotel again depending on how much I had to spend. It wasn't a 5 star hotel, but for the price it was more than enough. For the traveler looking to spend a fair price on a nice hotel in a great location, this was a great place to stay. For anyone traveling to London, drop me an e-mail if you have any questions. I'd be happy to offer suggestions or give more detail on the hotel and surrounding area. Cheers!	
Mar 14 2005	Copthorne Not a Four Star	Used Priceline to book this hotel. They rated it a 4 star...it was far from a 4 star. When we checked in they had not given us the facility we requested and had to wait while they changed rooms. The rooms were unclean and we had to make a special request for clean towels and bedding. The bathroom never did get properly cleaned (and I'm not a clean freak). Staff was spotty in service. Some very helpful and others downright rude. Although the location was excellant, will not stay there again.	
Mar 12 2005	Great Place!	I first thought I GOT a STEAL on the hotel for $120 USD a night from a **check-in Past 9PM rate*** but looking at other reviews I guess not! However this hotel is still EXCELLENT for any price you get it! The staff is VERY VERY VERY VERY friendly! They will bend over-backwards for you! I stayed here in late June, and one night in Feb.! In June i spent the night on a high floor overlooking a park (with a train track directly below it). Although the windows are sealed-shut and I THINK have dual-panes you could still hear the train :( though I did sleep pretty good... On my second stay this past Feb. I was put on the second floor on the other-side of the building = no train = complete silence. To give you a real-example of how nice they are at the Concierge/Copthorne check-in: They have an EXCELLENT in-room breakfast menu to choose from. You are supposed to have it out before 2/3am. I woke up at around 5am and called downstairs starving to ask if I could still put it-outside and have it for around 8am. The man was very nice and polite and stated if I could put it out within the next 10 minutes he would be happy to run and take it to the kitchen. = I love the Copthorne Tara! (note there are more then 1 Copthorne). The check-in &amp; check-out lady (same) was very very very nice and we had some good laughs. If you are arriving early in the day/need time to kill before night they have a downstairs-little shop/cafe/chill-out room. They have a little area where you can watch TV on their Plasma screen (news), connect to the internet for cheap, and buy a drink from a little glass-counter. I probably wasted 3hours there jetlagged. Great Deal. Clean room like a Hampton Inn in America. Nothing to special, but for the price: great, great, great! Tube station is fairly nearby. From Tube station exit (main) you can take a left, walk for about 2 minutes, take another left and there is the hotel!	
Mar 12 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed for one night in early Feb, after reading the reviews on this site I was a little worried about what we might find when we got there, I didn't need to worry.From the moment we arrived the doorman looked after our car and didn't charge just wanted a little tip, this alone saved me a small fortune, the lobby and reception were smart and very clean, we were checked in quickly and friendly. The room we had was one the eleventh floor and on opening the door we were amazed at the view, we slept with the curtains open as we didn't want to lose it.The bed was spacious, clean and comfy, I slept like a log.Breakfast was excellent, a wide selection of cold and hot, not buffet style english so you get a nice hot breakfast.The location is perfect for every sort of trip to London, we will stay there everytime we go to London from now on.	
Mar 10 2005	Loved It!	Stayed there weekend March 2005, on a weekend deal through Superbreaks. Lobby/Reception Area, beautiful, staff VERY helpful. Room was a bit run down, but hey, how long do you stay in your room when you're in London.Very quiet room, breakfast VERY good, Bar Area was very comfy with the prices very reasonable for a hotel.It is very well located with a 5 minute walk onto Kensington High Street.Here's a tip for anyone needing a light lunch to take with them, there's a Boots Chemist at the top of the Road, next to Tube Station. They do 'Meal Deals' with Sandwiches, Fruit, Drinks, etc. for approximately £2.50, I have them all the time when back in Wakefield, and I was surprised to find that they are the same price in London. Ideal for sightseeing visits when you will pay a bomb for a lunch.We'll be going back	
Mar 4 2005	Its perfectly fine	I feel compelled to right a further review in praise of the Copthorne. I worl in London every week and Priceline almost inevitably place me in the Copthorne - usally at £45 (although I have had it at £40) and that's fine by me. The only niggles were very minor - except for one occaison when the a/c was too warm but they fixed it (after two requests). The lighting system would have challenged Edison but as I'm there every week I've now got the hang of it.Try a pint at the Brittania on Allen Street -two streets away	
Mar 3 2005	Don't know what all the complaining is about!	I booked a room here through Priceline for $85 USD per night (46 GPB) - a steal for nearly any hotel in London these days ... then I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and got a little worried. But the hotel is wonderful. Located one block from the High Street Kensington tube (exit station, turn left, then turn left a first street, hotel is at end of first block), you couldn't ask for a more convienent location! The lobby is nice. Check-in was very quick with a friendly staff. My room was one of the largest hotel rooms I've ever had in Europe (just completed by 58th trip to Europe in 8 years). Comfortable bed, mini fridge in room (not a stocked mini-bar, just a small empty fridge for you to use - this is unheard of universally - but what a great idea), clean bathroom, hot water the instant you turn on the spigot, and fantastic water pressure (I didn't take a shower -- I got sandblasted each morning!). Lobby level has a Concierge, Currency Exchange, Gift Shop, fancy Coffee/Pastry Cafe (no take-out orders), Restaurant, and a Cafe Express (all take-away orders - various types of coffees, tea, sandwichs, fruit, etc). I honestly don't understand the complaints about this hotel!! But I guess some people are going to be unhappy no matter where they stay. Oh - and by the way - no European hotels supply a wash cloth. Europeans view this to be as personal an item as uderwear/panties, so you are expected to bring your own. If I HAD to find something to complain about, I could only come up with 2 things: (1) although I had a refurbished room (new carpet, bedspread, etc) the bathroom fixtures were not replaced, so the chrome was worn down to the underlying brass in some areas, and (2) you could faintly hear the trains from the tube stop in the background (not really loud); since I'm a heavy sleeper I didn't even notice; but if you're sensitive to sound, you may want to get a room elsewhere. I travel 100K+ miles per year, have travelled all over the world, and I LOVED this place. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.	
Feb 26 2005	Thumbs Up	We just returned from a 7 night stay at Copthorne Tara, getting a great room for $75 a night (plus taxes). We asked for a quiet room with 2 singlebeds on an upper floor. We got all three. Beds were comfortable, the water pressure was wonderful. Since there is no fan/circulation in the bath room, leave the door cracked open so it isn't so steamy. The Kensington High Street Tube was a very short walk and there were two grocery stores near by. With a small fridge in the room, we felt very lucky. Do not use the telephone in the room if possible. Calls are outrageous so use a phone booth (of which there are plenty). We say thanks for a great time in London, Copthorne Tara, we'll be back.	
Feb 23 2005	Enjoyed our stay!	Just returned from our 7-night stay at the Copthorne Tara. We got the hotel for $82/night on Priceline and we had no complaints about the hotel at all.It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is much nicer. The public areas are all very nice. They have a few restaurants (we didn't eat there, though), a gift shop, a concierge, doorman and there was a brochure in the room for spa services at the nearby Kensington Close Hotel. There are also 2 pc's in the lobby you can use to connect to the internet (£1 for 11 minutes.) They also have wi-fi available if you have a laptop, but it's not cheap - I think it was £8/hour.We e-mailed a week before arrival and requested a twin, non-smoking room on an upper floor and our room was on the 9th floor (a non-smoking floor) - facing the tube tracks, but we didn't hear the trains at all. And the view was very nice - could see Royal Albert Hall, London Eye...Our room (standard twin) looked like it had recently been refurbished - they were very clean, nicely furnished and very comfortable. The beds had white duvets and pillows were reasonably comfortable for hotel pillows. The beds were very comfortable. There is a mini-fridge, hair dryer, iron/ironing board, tea kettle in the room.The hotel is very close to the High Street Kensington tube station and the #9 and #10 buses are also very convenient. There are also a lot of nice shops and restaurants along Kensington High Street. And the Kensington Rooftop Gardens and Kensington Palace are nearby.There is also a shortcut to the tube station - there's a walkway between the Boots and Pret a Manger in the tube station that leads back to the Copthorne Tara and the Kensington Close hotels. Saves a few steps. :)I would definitely stay there again. We didn't have any complaints about the hotel at all.	
Feb 21 2005	a steal at $85.	we just returned from 4 days at the copthorne. we paid $85 per night on priceline. it is not close to a 4 star hotel. the outside appearance is like a 1970s high rise holiday inn. inside the lobby and hallways were nice. think they were recently donover. the hotel is a tourist bus place. there were always 3 or 4 large busses outside. there were always hoards of young Japanese people in the lobby. the room was nice size and very clean. very holiday innish of the 70s. the bathroon had 2 faucets in the sink and shower. although the shower had plenty of pressure, it was difficult to regulate the faucets. the people in the lobby were courteous and helpfull. i didnt like the location, almost zone 2 on the tube. it was a 10 minute walk to high st kensington and the tube. to get to the west end, we took the tube one stop and then changed lines. the bus, #9 took 45 minutes to the west end. we didnt go to the restaurants or bar. if price is your major consideration, this is a good place.	
Feb 11 2005	"What a dump"	They say, location is everything, and that's about all this hotel has going for it. I booked Three rooms on priceline and paid $70 per room, I thought I was getting a good deal, until I saw my room, and mine was the best of the three. I now feel ripped off. Aside from the old tatty furniture, the place had a musty smell,and worst of all it was not clean. I have no Idea how this place got a four star rating, I'd give it a two 	
Jan 30 2005	OK I suppose if you get it cheap	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara on Saturday night, having booked it via Priceline for $48 (including taxes). The location is OK. It's a five minute walk by road from High Street Kensington tube station (or there's a simple shortcut which halves the distance but I'd only do it in daylight). The tube station complex has several decent sandwich &amp; coffee shops as well as a large Boots the Chemist. A hundred yards or so down the High Street there's a late-opening Safeways with hot food deli counters so it was easy to pick up food to snack on in the room and save on eating out. The circle line tube trains were not as frequent as I'd have liked but there are loads of buses on High St Ken: we caught one through Knightsbridge and along Picadilly to Trafalgar Square. However, the Millennium Gloucester, the other 4* hotel which seems to come up in the area via Priceline, beats it on location alone being much closer to a busier tube station with grocery shops seconds rather than minutes away. We arrived around 2.15 pm and had to queue for 10 minutes to reach reception only to be told our room wasn't ready yet (check-in is from 3pm). On the plus side, the check-in staff offered us a smoking room on the tube side of a lower floor if we wanted to check in immediately but we chose to wait till ours was ready. The lobby itself was non-smoking which was another plus. We were allocated a 10th floor room on the quiet side, with 2 x single beds (what we wanted). So I don't think they give Priceline customers the naff rooms automatically. The view wasn't wonderful (rooftops and the back of the Kensington Close Hotel) but it wasn't noisy. Our room certainly wasn't four star, even by our fairly unassuming British standards. The one good thing, compared to the Millennium Gloucester, was the fact there was no mini-bar but a small empty fridge where we could store our own food. Otherwise, the decor and furnishings were old and worn with stains on the ceilings and ageing bathroom fittings. I would have said the beds were fine - nice white duvets rather than sheets &amp; blankets and mine was comfortable enough - but my daughter woke up with several itchy bites and swears they came from something in the bed - bleurgh.Our main bugbear (lol) though was the lighting system. Instead of light switches there were three or four electronic panels throughout the room, each with buttons marked 'master', 'room', 'bathroom', 'desk', 'bed right', 'bed left'. When you pressed a button there was a beeping noise and if you were lucky the corresponding light came on. We weren't lucky. Firstly we discovered that neither of the bedside reading lights worked so we called housekeeping who sent an engineer fairly promptly. He spent half an hour working on some equipment under the floor of the wardrobe only to tell us that he couldn't fix it. We decided not to bother asking to change rooms as at that stage we were in our pyjamas and planning on sleeping shortly so would prefer to cope without bedside lighting than go through the hassle of moving.Fast forward to sometime after 2am when I was woken by a series of loud beeps and all the lights in the room going on. My daughter had got up to use the bathroom and been unable to locate the correct button from the panel in the dark. I put it down to pre-teen ineptitude but when at 7.30 am I had the same urge, I did exactly the same thing to her. There was no way of telling which button was the right one without trying them all. After that, something went wrong with the whole lighting system - the bathroom one stopped working altogether and we both kept setting off the beeping / flashing every time we walked past any of the lighting control panels.There was another long queue to check out - they seem really short of reception staff - so I filled in and posted the speed checkout form and left.The possibility of getting this hotel would make me think twice about bidding on Priceline for the Kensington area in future, which is a shame as the Millennium Gloucester was fantastic and I'd love to stay there again.	
Jan 20 2005	I Loved It!	I stayed at the Copthorne Christsmas week 2004 and found the hotel and the staff to be wonderful. The location (High Street Ken) was fabulous. The hotel is smack dab in the middle of tons of boutiques and more commercial department stores. However, the hotel is situtated a couple of blocks from the commercial strip, making for a more a quiet residential feel before you hit the shops.I found the hotel staff incredibly helpful and accomodating and the room was comfortable, pleasant and not overly ostentatious. However, if one is looking for a bit more glam for their buck, they may not find it here. My only real beef with the hotel was the outrageous phone bill at the end of my stay. I made two 15 min. calls the 5 nights I was there. At check out I found out those two calls cost me $250!! That was the only drawback to my stay. Otherwise, it was terrific.	
Jan 19 2005	DON'T WORRY	I, too, was nervous about this hotel after reading the reviews. It is fine. We asked for a quiet room, non-smoking. Could hear Tube once. We paid $70/night, and that was a bargain, especially for London. Absolutely do not worry.	
Jan 12 2005	Copthorne Tara good value great position.	We stayed at the Copthorne for 6 nights, from 29th December 2004.Room was of a high standard for a London hotel. Quite spacious, clean and plenty cupboards, and drawers. Best thing was a refrigerator! Not at all common in London hotels. we saved lots of money by buying breakfast items from the nearby Marks &amp; Spencers supermarket. Milk, tea, coffee, jam and fresh bread rolls. We booked online through Londontown at a Xmas special - 79 pounds. 6 airlines use this hotel for flight crew, so this gives you an idea of the calibre.Hotel is just behind Kensington High St tube, and only a few minutes walk from bus stops on Kensington High St. Great position, and we highly reccomend it if you can get close to this price.	
Jan 5 2005	Not a good deal even at a bargain price	Stayed for 3 nights in December 2004.I have travelled all over the US and Europe (I am English but live in the US) and this qualifies as the worst hotel stay I have ever had.The foyet looks nice (as is true of most hotels, if the foyet doesn't even look nice you are probably in serious trouble), but the exterior of the building gives an idea of what lies beyond.The first room we were put in had a nice view of the city, room was ok sized for London and cleanish. The bathroom was dimly lit, and although not dirty did have a dingy feel to it. One of the drawers in the cabinet in the bedroom refused to close, I assume the cleaning staff had tried to close it and given up. I did manage to fix it after a few minutes of fiddling, the entire unit, like most of the furniture, looked like it had seen better days.The rooms lights are controlled by a high-tech centralized touchpad. No lightswitches here! Unfortunately within a few minutes of it getting dark our lights started randomly coming on and off. Annoying. We called down and they sent a man up. He walked in and spotted the huge water damage on the ceiling (paint peeling everywhere in this hotel). He took the control panel off the wall and pointed out that it was very damp and rusty and that was shorting our lights on and off... He called the front desk to get us another room. We packed our bags and moved down to the second floor. Room pretty much the same, dingy bathroom light, water damage, etc.They do not have in room safes and offer a free lockbox service. I took passports and extra cash down to the front desk and enquired about a lockbox. I was told they didn't have any left, after being moved I was already annoyed and made some noise, and somehow they found one for me... Anyway when I got in the room it looked like they had plenty of slots and not a lot of locks.There was one more difference about this room, it had an locked adjoining door into the next room. As we found out that night, having that door made noise transmission appaling. We could here coughs and snores from the next room, I just turned the TV up until I couldn't here them. Normally I would have asked to move, but after having moved once and only having 2 more nights I didn't have the energy.The staff were ok but I spent a lot of time in lines dealing with problems that were not mine.My advice is try somewhere else if you can.	
Dec 16 2004	Tired and Dated	Stayed one night in Dec 2004 in 'refurbished' standard room on 1st floor. Hotel appeared very dated with little money spent in the last 20 years! Room refurbishment amounted to soft furnishings / duvets/ carpet etc rather than the fabric of the building which is old and worn out! Bathroom very old and worn, not updated at all. Beds / towels and cleanliness were OK though and the english breakfast was good. Agree continental buffet offering disappointing. Bar environment is equally worn out.Location is good if you need to be in the Kensington area, and car park convenient and cheap for London.More of a weary 3 star than 4 star, although perhaps worth considering at a cheap price for the location.	
Dec 13 2004	Least risk hotel for London	Stayed 3 nights in Dec 2004.The room on the 10 floor was a &quot;tired&quot; 3 and a half star. Wallpaper coming away, paint flaking, bathroom feels old with mildew on the ceiling.Room size ok with plenty of hanging space etc.Bed very good and room cleaned well.Some noise from tube but not a problem.A/C..heating very good.English breakfast excellant, but the chese and meats very poor on the buffet.Staff fine for London.Great location.Italian on the main street called Strade ..fantastic.It is least risk hotel for London, but the room was not 4 star.Would stay again, as for London, it is a no risk for the money	
Nov 30 2004	Poor value at the Copthorne Tara Kensington	Seemed like a good deal £125 v £225 at front desk.Location excelent. Empty fridge in room so you can put your own food.BUT Rooms need refit, bathroom door would not shut, bathroom ceiling flaking, mirror needs re-silvering. Looks tackyStayed at better for same money, so poor value	
Nov 24 2004	No need to worry	My husband and I stayed at the Copthorne for four nights in early October for our honeymoon. Despite being a bit nervous from the other reviews we read, we kept the reservations we'd booked through LondonTown. Granted, upon arrival, we had not slept in 24 hours so anything with a bed would have done. However, the interior of the hotel was very nice and the staff courteous. They did their best to get us into a room as soon as possible, though we arrived about 9 am so naturally had to wait a couple of hours in the lobby. We killed time in the gift shop and by emailing from the computers in the lobby, which were very convenient and cheap to use. We ended up in one of the upgraded rooms on the backside of the hotel facing the tube tracks, but the noise was not too loud at all. We got used to it in no time, and the bed was so comfortable we fell asleep as soon as our heads hit the pillow. The white duvet covers were a nice touch and the room was throughly cleaned each day. We did not hear any noise from other rooms, though occasionally in the hallways which is pretty much to be expected anywhere. The bathrooms were fine but, yes, different from American ones-- that's the point of foreign travel, isn't it? All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel. I have no real complaints, though as some have mentioned, it is an aging hotel and it shows in a few spots.	
Oct 22 2004	Pleasant and professional	My wife and I stayed at the Copthorne Tara in late September 2004. We had a room on the Mezzanine level, which we loved even though it only had a view of the neighboring tube tracks (the staff first asked if we minded, which I thought was thoughtful). Since we were not there for the view from the higher floors, we found the convenience of being close to the street level a plus. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the bath had a place to hang clothes to dry (my wife loved that), there was internet access in the lobby (for a fee), the tube station (Kensington High Street) was nearby, as were restaurants, etc. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer at the tube to buy provisions to eat cheap as well. (Love that clotted cream!) We had a discount price through Londontown and will stay here again if we can match the price again. (about 75 pounds/night)	
Oct 16 2004	What a pleasant surprise!	My husband and I stayed one night in a standard double room at the Copthorne Tara Hotel after a night at the Royal Albert Hall. We both cannot understand what all the negative comments are about! (Note, I'm American, living in London for the past three years).The exterior certainly leaves a lot to be longed for, but is extremely deceptive, as once inside we were very impressed with the quiet elegance of the place. Admittedly, the hallway on our floor had a somewhat musty scent that disappeared once we entered the room. The room was good and spacious, very comfortable bed (great sheets), excellent heat/AC, unbelievably large/soft towels, and a shower so powerful it almost hurt(!) Hotel staff was impeccable, especially the room service staff who got our order to us cheerfully in 20 minutes, even at 1:30 in the morning. We didn't notice any thin wall issues, either.The bonus for tourists in such an expensive city is the refrigerator in the room (not a minibar). With Kensington High Street a five minute walk away, you're blessed with a place to store food &amp; drinks purchased at more reasonable prices. Sure, the tile grout is a bit old, the furnishings could stand a polish, but if these things bother you, stop bidding on hotel rooms on Priceline! There are dual hot/cold taps in the bathroom, fairly standard in London, I'm afraid...and bring your own washcloth, they don't take up much space in your case - (this should be a habit if you come to Europe often). The hotel has certainly seen better days but this is high in the value for money category - Kensington for £89 near a Tube station, quite a deal. (Far cry from the Holiday Inn Tour Eiffel in Paris - AWFUL, but that's a different review!)Lastly, I left some clothes hanging on the bathroom door, only realised when we arrived home. I rang the hotel, they'd found them all right, and they came in the post the next day.We'd stay here again and again. You should too!	
Sep 27 2004	I like the Tara Copthorne	I recently stayed at the Tara Copthorne in September for the third time and will most likely stay there again. I cannot think of a hotel better situated.Marks and Spencers is a block away-- for picking up a sandwich or snacks. Nearby Kensington High Street is full of great shops including a Waterstones book store.You are within walking distance of Notting Hill. The location is the best part about this hotel. It is always clean,staff is helpful.I stayed one night and then went on a garden tour in the North. The concierge was happy to store one of my bags until my return three days later.I even was allowed to check in before three as my room was ready.The staff at the Tara are professional and treat guests in a polite manner.	
Sep 24 2004	Nice hotel shame about the staff!	My wife and myself stayed at the tara for a special weekend break as it was my birthday. When we got to the hotel it was in a excellent location, only 5 minutes walk away from the underground. However the staff are ok. The reception was fine and polite, but the conciege was rude and in polite. The rooms were excellent and the AC was just right. We found the food to be fine but not outstanding, not much choice and expensive, the staff seemed inexperienced and not very attentive, we waited for 5 minutes before we were served. All in all it was a very good hotel but let down by the staff.	
Sep 16 2004	Enjoyable Stay	I visited the Tara in late August as a first time traveler to London and was apprehensive after reading some reviews that were posted in the TripAdvisor. However, our trip had already been scheduled so we decided to try to make the best of it. I was pleasantly surprised and have decided like so many other who have responded that we are definately a spoiled society. The Tara is a very nice hotel, with comfortable beds, the A/C was very adequate, and our bathroom was small but worked well. The staff were helpful and courteous.Unfortunately, I was ill during our stay in London so I can tell you that the room service was prompt and the food was very good. The Tara is a very nice hotel and I would definately stay there again should we get the opportunity to visit London in the future.	
Aug 26 2004	great hotel	I visit London once a year and have stayed all over but find the Tara to be the best all round. Firstly, location off Kensington high st is great. Hotel sits just off a path which takes you directly to the underground in less than 5 mins walk. The check in staff were so helpful and welcoming and the lobby is beautiful. Ive never stayed in a hotel with so many elevators which is handy if your in a hurry. We had breakfast in the room which was lovely and so filling, especially the pastries. Rooms might not look like the Ritz but are clean, spacious and beds have a duvet which is quite unusual but so comfy. Basically, im a fussy traveller but this hotel is perfect for everything and i will definitly return.	
Aug 25 2004	im in a wheelchair and i found the hotel to be very wheelchair friendly	I stayed at the Copthorne Tara Hotel for 5 days and then a separate time over night. The hotel was wheelchair accessible and the staff was friendly and helpful. The two problems I found were the elevator or lift as its called there closed too fast for someone with limited mobility to get in or out before the door closed allso the door to the role in shower was not far enough from the shower chair to close it after the person was seated on the chair. Other than that id say the management got it right and I would recommend the Copthorne Tara to my disabled friends if they were planning a trip to London	
Aug 23 2004	Nice and acceptable	Reading some earlier negative reviews after booking the vacation pacakge with this hotel, I decided to upgrade (25 pounds per day) to have my peace of mind. Therefore, I cannot say anything about the 'standard' type of rooms. My stay was the week of August 14, 2004, and should be reflecting their recent conditions quite well.Our room is at 11th floor, facing the street (not the underground line), and is very very quiet. Room size is definitely big compared to other London accomodations. Beds are clean, A/C working great (VERY IMPORTANT in London's summer), the room well illuminated, and daily cleaning is done without a glitch. The shower is ok, although indeed the shower switch is a bit confusing to use at first, and the water output is not very strong. They might improve more by offering other varieties of shower gel and shampoo, as my wife felt the fragrance is more toward men's side.Our pacakge comes with free continental breakfast, and it's generally acceptable, at least for the 6 days of our stay we did not develop reluctance to have our breakfast yet. Also we can use the Club Lounge where free internet-connected computers are offered (2 only though, so sometimes may have to wait a bit). They changed the internet browser to a customized version of Microsoft Internet Explorer so it may be a bit funky if you are used to certain habits of browsing.Service is good in general. The day we arrived we were told that the computers in club lounge were being repaired. We said our package should include this service and they gave us 2 pounds to compensate our using the computers in the lobby; the second day they were fixed so no more concern. I made a few calls and charges were clear without surprises. A minor disappointment was that as our flight arrived quiet early, we called in advance asking for early check in, but we still waited until their standard 3PM or so checkin time. At least they did state that at reservation so it wasn't a surprise either.A few downsides prevent me from giving them 5 circles in this review. Rated as &quot;4-star&quot; by various sources, they however have some inconsistencies here and there. For example, they include clip iron board for trousers, a nice consideration, but do not provide in-room safe (a separate room near concierge has this amenity for refundable 50 pound). There is a phone inside the bathroom, but the hairdryer is not in it and instead is in the bedroom. And you can always tell traces of blending of new and old decoration/renovation. While the room's walls are very well sound-proof, the door adjoining next room is kind of thin that you can hear a bit what's going on in your neighbors. And TV has fewer channels than we expect and has very peculiar way of navigating. Things like that won't qualify them as 4-star in US, but definitely better than 3-star flagships like Holiday Inn. I think it suffices to say that their rating is somehow misleading.In summary, we do find our stay enjoyable, exemplified by the fact that we actually stayed in the room for relatively long time (watching olympics at nights, and usually sleeping quiet well until it was almost too late to make the breakfast in cafe). If you can get the reservation in reasonably good price, I think it's a good deal. And some last words: I know everyone has his/her opinion, but the post on July 4 on this forum is way too misleading that I think it needs to be clarified. This hotel is located WITHIN THREE MINUTES of WALKING to High Street Kensington Underground Station of BOTH District and Circle Lines. I totally do not understand why anyone, if without disability or other physical concerns, would need to use minicabs &quot;all the time&quot; while staying in this hotel. The only place I can think of with better tranportation options is probably sleeping on the platforms of a station or live inside a London attraction, like Tower of London or Buckingham Palace. And there are plenty of dining and shopping places around this hotel. At least THREE restaurants outside this hotel are within ONE MINUTE of WALK, one Thai, one &quot;Muffin Man&quot;, and one Cafe, not mentioning those on High Street. Everyone should expect to be 'ripped off' a bit if you absolutely have to pay and eat inside a hotel; all hotels charge a premium compared to stand-alone restaurants. And especially London's expenses are world famously high. To me the person writing that review is simply too unwilling to walk and explore and just complain whatever.	
Aug 4 2004	Very Friendly	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend at the Copthorne Tara Hotel in Kensington and were delighted with our stay. The staff were so friendly and really could not do enough for us.I thought the rooms were average size for London and they were very clean and comfortable.The Tara is in an excellent location and right next to the tube station which is great for getting around town, although we were close to the tube neither of us heard a sound from the trains.We also had dinner in the hotel on the first evening and the food was delightful!I would recommend the Tara Hotel every time and the rate is great!	
Aug 4 2004	Copthorne Tara - Fantastic Staff 	Having recently spent 3 nights at The Copthorne Tara, I have to stay I was impressed - very impressed. We arrived in the middle of british summertime - it was pouring of rain! The Doorman was the first impression we got of the hotel and helped us unload our bags, before checking in. We were allowed to check in early and up to our room we went. Despite the rain, the view form our room was fantastic, you can see all the London sights from up top at this hotel. I thought the room was a very good size for a London hotel and it was double bed, not two horrid twins pushed together - hurrah for The Copthorne Tara - duvet's on the bed, the nightly hotel fight with traditional blankets is avoided!! It's these little things that count and they carried on throughout our 3 nights at the hotel. The Irish bar was also a blessing and it was nice to see courteous staff in London - it's a rarity. Would recommned this hotel to anyone, for the personal service that is on offer. 11 out of 10.	
Jul 4 2004	Don't Waste Your Time or Money!	This was by far the worst hotel I've stayed at in my life. The only good aspect of this hotel is the pay computers in the lobby (which I'm using right now), yet those are pretty unreasonable at 9 pence a minute. The location is okay, although it is very difficult to get to, and we had to take a cab to get virtually anywhere. The restaurant was terrible, and they charged £30. for an unreasonably small breakfast for two(i.e. cold toast, a cup of tea, two eggs). Their dinner portions were miniscule, at best. The worst part of the hotel was the stupid fire alarm. It went off twice in our three-day stay; once at 11:00 pm and once at 8:00 pm. We were sleeping at both times, and we were on the 10th floor, so we were forced to walk down ten flights of stairs half asleep. Some acquaintences of ours were bathing their two young daughters at the time, and they were forced out in their towels without shoes on. This hotel is TERRIBLE! Do not believe that it is four stars either. It is a rip off!!!	
Jun 14 2004	Tara Copthorne -- Good Deal for Location	We stayed at the Copthorne Tara for 4 days at the end of May after booking on Priceline. When you first see the hotel from the outside it looks quite run down and dreary. However, it is much nicer on the inside. They let us check in early at 11am and allowed us to check out late at 2pm. The rooms are average size for London. The bathrooms, especially the sinks need some updating. The location is the best thing about this hotel. It is a 5 minute walk to the tube and there are also shops, restaurants (try the MuffinMan for breakfast), a supermarket, and pharmacy -- all close by!	
Jun 1 2004	Liked the place	I stayed at this hotel between the 27th and 29th of May (a couple of days ago). I got this through priceline for a price of $90 a night which is a very good price for central london (I know having lived there). I was a bit hesitant after having read the reviews here but since priceline took away the choice, I just went ahead with my trip.I got to the hotel very early i.e. around 9:00 in the morning after a very long flight from New York. They allowed me to check in by 10 as soon as a room was free. The room was on the 8th floor and facing the tube tracks. However the noise issue wasnt there as the windows are double paned. The A/C was ok, the furnishings average. The only issue was the faucets in the sink, hot and cold being seperate.One major plus point is the location. High street kensington station is barely a 5 minute walk away along with various shopping places, bus stops etc. Its a 10-15 minute walk to Notting hill, Bayswater and Edgeware road if you dont want to take the tube. Paddington station (for Heathrow express to the airport) is only a 6 pound cab ride away.All in all, given the price, I would definitely stay there again.	
May 31 2004	Great location comfortable and gracious staff great eBay price	Our stay at the Copthorne Tara was delightful and worth your time (at a price of US75 per night using Priceline, a great bargain!) Rooms were standard UK size (but not miniscule), neat, clean room with a view over the city, and the bathroom had a deep tub to entice after a long day. White down duvets and good pillows covered our twin beds and coffee service was, of course, en suite. Hotel was marvelously located near tube station and Kensington High Street, so bus and tubes were but a block or two away. A supermarket was close by to stock up on fresh fruit and assorted snacks. Hotel staff was gracious and helpful when I was challenged to use the pay phone. Staff also greeted my sister with a 'happy birthday!' upon check in (they'd noted this info. on my reservation)&gt; Request a high floor away from the tube--assumedly a tube line runs next to the building, but my sister and I never heard a peep! 	
May 24 2004	Just fine	I stayed here in early April, also on a Priceline booking ($90/night). Although I don't think it deserves the 4 * rating Priceline gives it (3-3.5 maybe), I thought it was just fine. I didn't make any special requests and got a room on the 9th floor, facing the tube tracks. There wasn't much noise from the trains. The secret to using the twin faucets is to put in the stopper and run the water into the basin. You can mix it to the right temperature there.	
May 22 2004	Good value on an aging property.	We were &quot;assigned&quot; this hotel by Priceline.com after having offered $95 USD per night. It was a very good value for that price. Although the room was somewhat small, it was clean, and the bed was comfortable.The hotel is a reasonable distance from the Kensington High Street tube stop. The tube tracks run along the back side of the hotel, but noise was never a problem since we were on the front side of the hotel. The air conditioning was welcome.The staff was somewhat indifferent. They made no effort to accommodate our bedding preferences, and we had to wait 45 minutes for our room. We would stay there again if we could pay that price or less.	
May 14 2004	Don't Worry. Great Location. Good Hotel	I also got this hotel on Priceline and like the many other post I was a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews. I stayed from April 13 - 16 2004. My bid on priceline was for $80 (before taxes) Considering how expensive London is I believe I got a great deal. I got a room on the 9th floor and had a big room. The room was not small by any means. The bathroom was a good size and the bathtub was huge. The only complaint I had cause you also have to take the good with the bad was that yes the walls are paper thin. I experienced this in most hotels in Europe so it is not isolated to this hotel. The location is perfect! A hp and a skip from the High St Kensington tube station. Also you can catch the double decker buses on High St and take it down to Picadilly Circus. As someone already there is an a Mcdonalds right across the street from the tube stop. I always try to stay away from American fastfood when I travel but I couldn't beat the cheap breakfast and the internet access at this McDonalds.Don't worry if you get this hotel on priceline. It appears that this hotel has made some improvements because I didn't here any noise whatsoever from the trains. The windows were double pained.I would definitely stay there again. As a matter of fact I just recommended this place to my friend. If you are expecting a luxury 4 star hotel than you will be disappointed. However, if you want a clean, spacious room with a comfortable double bed than you will more than happy. BTW...London has an amazing metro (tube) system. Very efficient and it goes everywhere. Don't be afraid to take the tube from and to the airport. Can't beat the price.	
Apr 21 2004	Very nice hotel	I recently stayed at the Copthorne Tara for 6 nights as part of a Virgin Atlantic Vacation package to London. Everything was quite nice and beyond my expectation based upon some of the reviwes on this site and the price. I have been in London numerous times and believe that this hotel was the best value ever, and by value I don't mean to suggest at all that the property lacked anything found in much more expensive hotels. My room was on the third floor overlooking the tube and a nice park on the other side of the tracks. There was hardly any noise, the windows were double paned. One curtain on the window was tattered, but this was the only fault I could find with the rather large room, particularly for London standards. In short, you will find this to be a very nice hotel at a good location. Don't worry.	
Apr 19 2004	A Very Pleasant Surprise	I recently booked this hotel through Priceline and, like a few of the other reviews on this web site, I panicked when I read the reviewes on Trip Advisor. I became so concerned that my trip to London would be a disaster I immediately tried to contact Priceline to ask for a change in hotel. As many of you who are &quot;travel savvy&quot;know, I got nowhere with Priceline other than the suggestion to write to them after the trip. I have been living in Europe for the past three years and I have travelled quite a bit during this time. I know what to expect from the 4* rating. So off we went and I was amazed at what I found to be the case: great location - a lovely area ( Kensington Palace) and a few minutes walk from the tube and bus stop; a very pleasant lobby and friendly desk staff; clean, reasonably well decorated, good size room with comfortable twin beds as requested; quiet room as requested; clean, good sized bathroom with none of the previously mentioned problems. To sum it up I was astounded (and relieved) with how nice the hotel was and could not imagine how the negative reviews came to be. I would definately stay there again and the price was amazing for London ($115). I know that some of the other reviews listed their price as between 75 and 80 USD so perhaps I bid a bit much but after comparing the prices on the other discount hotel reservation sites, I still felt that it was quite a good deal. So, I would say: discount the critical reviews, this is a fine place to stay.	
Apr 14 2004	Good Value for London-2 stays at TC	Stayed here in Jan and March of 2004. Was quite petrified after getting this on Priceline and reading the reviews on, but hotel was a fine experience with responsive management. They were having difficulties with their fire alarms on the first trip (this was resolved by the 2nd trip and I don't think it will be an issue any more). We were on the Tube side the first trip, but high enough up (8th) not to hear it - the biggest problem with the rooms is the paper thin dividing walls (definately bring ear plugs-or perhaps if room does not have an adjoining room, there is more insulation). Our beds were fine, coffee/tea service in room nice, but ours was a &quot;stocked&quot;, not empty refrigerator. I will say that I looked around this Gloucester Road/High Street Kensington area quite a bit, and for the Priceline $ (we paid about $90-$100) you can't get anything nearly so nice. I think that perhaps compared to some of the other 4* rooms, these are not quite so nice. An option you should be aware of is the ability to upgrade for 25 pounds per room. I would do this in a heartbeat. In addition to nicer rooms (&quot;regular&quot; US style faucets) and more soundproofing in walls), you get use of the Concierge Lounge which includes continental breakfast, afternoon wine/softdrinks and anytime tea/coffee - think you can use the internet access in there for free, also. Believe it or not, with London prices, you can almost cover the 25 pound difference just on the food (definately if there are 2 of you per room).	
Apr 9 2004	People should stop complaining about this hotel	My husband and I recently booked a 4 night stay at the Copthorne Tara Kensington using Priceline. We paid $75 per night, plus tax.After reading the other reviews on Priceline, I was understandably concerned. However, after staying there I felt compelled to defend this hotel.We did not make any requests, other than to have a double bed. We stayed on a low floor, and I never heard the tube once.The room was modern, and the bed was very comfortable. The room was small in comparison to American hotels, but this we expected. The room was also very clean, and the staff helpful and pleasant. The only downside was the high price of the hotel restaurant for breakfast, which forced us to eat outside of the hotel for all of our meals. There were plenty of places to eat within walking distance so this was no real issue.To all of you that are complaining about this hotel, I urge you to get a grip on yourself. You are paying under $100 per night for a hotel in London. The only place cheaper is a youth hostel. If you get so bent out of shape about not having a wash cloth or other trivial issues that I saw posted, I urge you to stay within the pristine confines of your own home, and not venture out into the world. You will be perpetually disappointed. If you are expecting a hotel to be like the Ritz, you should cough up the extra money and pick a nicer hotel.To those of you looking to see the world, hit Priceline and grab the deal of the century. This place is a palace for that price. (Especially in a city as expensive as London, but that is a whole other review! :) )	
Mar 26 2004	Nice Hotel Excellent Location	We recently stayed at the Copthorne Tara for 3 nights. Overall the room was comfortable and clean. The location was very good, great neighborhood with lots of shopping close by and a very quick walk to the tube which is just steps away. This was the best place we had ever stayed in London. I would recommend it.	
Mar 18 2004	Just OK	I did priceline and paid $100 US a night...i would have been much happer if i had been one of the posts on here who paid $70. But, the room was very spacious for London. My room overlooked the Underground Rail Tracks. The noise was not bad, but I live in a big city and am used to noise. Bathroom was big and water pressure was good. Yes, the sink had 2 different handles (one for hot, one for cold). Room service menu was limited and expensive, but you have a fridge and there is a safeway in walking distance. The lobby and elevators was nice. I used the gym in the hotel next door (Kensington Close) and had to pay $20 US a day. The area is safe and has food, shops, movie theater and is close to the Tube. I would stay here again, with the exception of I would only bid $70 on priceline. Oh, the room smelled like mothballs and pain was peeling a bit....but that really did not matter.	
Mar 17 2004	For the price a good hotel	Close to the tube and Kensington Palace, the Copthorne is in an excellent location. Although our room was a little frayed around the edges, we came away feeling very satisfied with what received for the money ($82/night via Priceline). We followed the advice of others and requested a room on a high floor away from the tube station. Make sure you do the same. Here are the pluses: a clean and fairly spacious room that contained firm twin beds, a refrigerator, coffeemaker, and a bathroom that had both a shower and a deep bathtub. No washcloths, to be sure, but I find that complaint hardly worth mentioning. The public areas of the hotel are lovely. Internet access can be found at an Easynet Cafe which is just a block down from McDonald's. Easynet has lots more computers and its voucher system gives you more for your money. Try high tea at the Orangery, a building which is on the grounds of Kensington Palace. Really nice.	
Mar 11 2004	Priceline inexpensive and decent	I stayed at the Tara last week for 4 days and had a pretty decent time. I paid $75 a night through Priceline.The Bad: The bathroom was a bit moldy. The furniture was the cheap 70s type you find in a HoJos. The beds were really soft, almost rotten in the middle, though I'm not sure if this is a European thing, I've run into really soft beds before. When we got in we were told that check in was not until 4:00PM, which is pretty late, but there was a place to drop off your luggage.The Good: The room was actually pretty large, as was the bathroom. The rooms were cleaned regularly. The staff was friendly, I requested in advance to be in a room opposite of the tube and they were happy to accommodate. The location is terrific, 2 blocks from Kensington. All in all I'm glad that I stayed there, the only other alternative for the price would be to stay in a hostel.	
Feb 24 2004	Good Hotel	Upon reading the previous reviews of this hotel, I was scared when Priceline assigned me this hotel. Luckily, it wasn't as bad as all the reviews claimed, it was actually a pleasant stay, besides the fact that my wife and I had two singles in the room as opposed to one double. They offered to move us after the first night, they couldn't do so earlier because it was Valentine's Day. The following day we didn't care as we combined the two beds anyways. We were on the 5th floor in a refurbished room. The location was pretty good, very close to a Tube stop (High Street Kensington) although next time I might try and stay in the Knightsbridge area.	
Feb 16 2004	Pretty Nice Place	I just got back from London last week. It was my first time going there and I stayed at this hotel. When you first arrive, you'll look at the outside of it and think &quot;what a dump.&quot; But once you get inside it's very nice. The front desk girl was very nice and check in was smooth. After reading other reviews, I made sure to ask for a room away from the tube, which they did. My room was very nice and the same size room you would get at an American hotel. The view was pretty lousy (a view of the roof top) but that's ok. Room was very clean. My only complaints are related to the bathroom. First of all, the lighting was pathetic. I think a flashlight would have been brighter. Second, the sink had two separate knobs AND two separate faucets! So the hot was super hot and the cold was super cold because you couldn't mix the two. I usually ended up washing my hands in the bathtub where I could mix both hot and cold. Also, remember this. In most of Europe, they provide towels, but no washcloths and this hotel was no exception. I guess they don't use washcloths in Europe much because one of the maids didn't even know what one was. This luckly wasn't a problem for me, as I always bring my own washcloth and towel when I travel, but for someone who doesn't, they would be out of luck. Another bad thing about this hotel is they charge you even for local calls. I didn't appreciate that. And the concierge guys were kind of snotty, but I didn't deal with them much luckily.Overall, this hotel was pretty good for a hotel in Europe IMO. It was right by the tube and shops and restaurants were nearby. I would reccommend it.	
Feb 15 2004	No-frill good value easy access.	I stayed 4 nightes at the Tara Copthorn in October 2003. I paid $60 USD / night thanks to Priceline. This is a considerable bargain especially when you do the British Pounds conversion. The rooms were standard and clean. Check-in was prompt. This hotel is easily accessible by the underground, about a 2 min walk to the nearest station (there is a shortcut from the hotel to the back door entrance of a mall, which leads to the station). Luxe this was not. But it was functional and more than sufficient. Considering the price i paid, i highly recommend this.	
Feb 1 2004	It's not too bad.	Well, I got this room for $61USD on Priceline but was somewhat unsure what to expect after reading all the reviews.I only stayed for 1 night so I don't have a thorough experience for this hotel. First off, it is extremely convenient. Just down the street (Wrights Lane) on the corner from High Street Kensington tube Station. First thing you'll see is the Kensington Close hotel. Keep walking straight and it's to the right of that hotel.On first glance of the exterior, the hotel has probably seen better days. It was quite dirty. I got there around 3 pm and asked for high floor, East wing and got it. (10th floor) Upon entering the room, it was quite warm. I quickly look for the heating controls and turn it to &quot;cool&quot; but more warm air just kept coming out. I guess it doesn't have proper air conditioning but I guess not many hotels in London do. The room itself was a decent size and other than the quirky washroom sink having separate &quot;hot&quot; and &quot;cold&quot; faucets, it wasn't too bad overall. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again but I wouldn't pay much more for it.	
Jan 30 2004	Quite OK	I stayed here after booking through Priceline for 70 $. Really don't know what do previous reviewers complain about. Great area, I got the room facing the train track ( and it was not noisy at all). Everything worked perfectly fine, though except sleeping and taking shower i have not spent whole of a lot of time there. By American standards not a 4 star hotel as they advertise on Priceline.com (no internet access, cable TV, etc), but quite frankly not bad at all, I would stay there again!	
Jan 28 2004	Not the most attractive building but perfectly nice...	...a great value for the $75 I paid. I didn't have any of the negative experiences mentioned in the other reviews on this site. My room faced the train lines but the double-paned windows kept the noise to a dull minimum. It really wasn't an issue. The neighborhood is absolutely beautiful and the tube station closeby. I'd recommend it to friends.	
Jan 21 2004	I visit London every September Staying at the Tara was the best experience yet!	Every year we stay somewhere different in London. We like to stay around Kensington. The Copthorpe is so convenient to everything. The rooms were wonderful and the service was great. I would definitely stay there the next September.Thank you.Jeane	
Jan 20 2004	better than expected	After reading reviews from dissatisfied travellers I was very apprehensive about staying here. My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights and, other than the bathroom not having enough light, have no complaints whatsoever. Prior to arriving I called the hotel and requested a room on the quiet side, the street side, of the hotel. Our room, on the 9th floor, was fine; the bed was quite comfortable; the heat worked well; there were no extraneous sounds, smells etc. We were quite satisfied with the room. We, as do most British Airways from Newark, passengers arrived early and though our room was not ready the concierge was very pleasant and courteous and held our bags until our return. He drew out our requests on a map and off we went. My wife and I spent very little time other than to sleep in the room. The location was excellent; a very short walk form the underground; a very short walk to Hyde Park etc.....my only complaint is that I wasn't quite sure how to use priceline and i spent $120 per night (which i thought was good for london) but then i read about everyone else paying 75 or 80 for this hotel.	
Jan 10 2004	Never again	We stayed there because we went to an event in Royal Albert Hall which is quite near. THIS WAS THE ONLY POSITIVE THING ABOUT THIS SHABBY, DIRTY AND NOISY HOTEL!!! Bathroom was dirty, the room noisy because of the tube nearby and windows could not be opened. Staff is not really helpful and compared with the Chesterfield Mayfair hotel (about same price range), this hotel does not deserve 1*.	
Jan 6 2004	Enjoyable but not exemplary	After reading some of the reviews here I was very worried about what our stay at the Copthorne Tara Hotel would be like. We had a very pleasant experience aside from a few quirks. When we arrived I did request a room on the opposite side of the Tube station. The hotel is literally next to the track so it could be loud unless you request to stay on the opposite side of the building. There was no book that gave a rundown of the hotel (i.e., when the restaurants are open, is there laundry, how do you use the phone.) When I asked for one I instead recieved more stationary and some puzzled looks. There was a tiny piece of wallpaper peeling on the wall and there was no room service on New Years Day. But all of those were really just quirks. The bed was comfortable and on New Years Eve from the 10th floor we had a GREAT view of about 15 different sets of fireworks. We got this hotel on priceline for $85 per night. It was in a great neighborhood, just around the corner from the High Street Kensington tube stop and a Mc Donalds that let you check your internet for 1 pound for 30 minutes. I wouldn't pay more for it than we did but we really enjoyed our stay here. I would recommend it!	
Dec 9 2003	4* Fraud	The Copthorne Tara may have the amenities in restaurants, concerige, bureau d'change, lovely lobby shop and lobby but it is not a 4 * stay. We had adjoining rooms on the second floor away from the tube. Check in was smooth. We had to have one room with twin beds and one with a double. That was the only way to get adjoining rooms. Upon our arrival one room was very warm and the other room had the tv &amp; refrig unplugged. It was difficult to plug them in. Neither room had face (wash) cloths and the room with the double bed had only one glass. Through out our stay we had to practically battle with housekeeping to get wash cloths (they are only put in the upgraded rooms on the upper levels), facial tissue, and glasses (once I was actually give dirty glasses by housekeeping). We called maintenance to fix the heat. It was not fixed. 3 days later they came and somehow turned the system off so we had nothing. Two 6' tall people sharing a small double bed in uncomfortable room temperatures with only a duvet, no sheet, was not restful. I could not wait for the morning to come so we could leave. It was clean enough although they do not change the sheets and replace the towels without a special request. An obviously soiled bed in the childrens room just had the duvet pulled up. Arriving back to the room late I had to call housekeeping who brought a double sized sheet instead of a twin. They made do instead of getting the right sheet. The bathroom shower pelted the children so we only used the one shower. We wanted two showers to expidite the getting ready process each day. The working shower had lots of mold behind the faucets and on the ceiling. The sink had a separate hot and cold spigot. No wash cloth and scalding water in one spigot and cold in the other made freshening up a real chore. The lights are controlled by a panel located next to the bed and outside the bathroom. It took forever to get used to and many a time the whole room would be ablaze when someone tried to simply turn on the bathroom light. Reliving this is getting me down. The location is very good. Some excellent restaurants in the neighborhood - Thai, Googlies, etc. The hotel and staff left much to be desired. I am not sure how I would feel if I thought it was a 2* hotel. I still would want wash cloths, glasses, and clean towels. The staff shold be much more responsive.	
Dec 7 2003	Good location - good experience.	We stayed at the Tara from 11/27 - 12/01. We had an excellent stay and would stay there again. The rooms were booked directly on the Copthorne hotels site. We asked to have our 2 rooms located close together on the quiet side of the hotel away from the tube line as was suggested in a previous review. When we arrived after 11:00 PM our rooms were waiting for us on the quiet side of the building as we requested. The shower pressure was great. Another reviewer stated that the shower curtain didn't work. It works fine if you tuck it into the tub like you would at home. The beds were comfortable but small as are all twin beds in London. The rooms were clean and well upkept. The staff was pleasant and helpful when asked. Our rooms were made up each day without any problems. On talking to other guests at the hotel we got a very good rate booking directly with the hotel's website. I would recommend staying here due to an all around great experience.	
Nov 26 2003	Avoid-Guaranteed-Miserable Stay	My wife and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Copthorne Tara Hotel to celebrate my wife's birthday and our wedding anniversary in London. On arrival we asked for a complimentary upgrade in view of the occasion and they obliged our request giving us what they later described as an executive double room on the 11th floor. We found the room okay at first glance with all the standard trimmings although we had to request a second bath robe. Also the fridge was quite loud and lacked a retaining bar for storing bottles upright inside the door which meant a problem with a wine bottle we had bought to celebrate.As it was extremely warm in the hotel we found it necessary to switch on the air-conditioning straight away to cool the room. When we later retired we found on turning down the air conditioning fan that it was making annoying intermittent grinding sounds which kept us awake. The sound was eventually so unbearable that at around 12 midnight we called reception to ask what could be done - indeed could we be moved to another room which was also away from the London underground train line outside which we found we could hear loudly with the air conditioning turned down. The attitude of the reception staff and later the night manager to this request was quite appalling and in a terse manner we were informed that no rooms were available not even a downgraded one and that we should check with reception in the morning. They never even offered to put in a request for us to the morning staff. Their attitude throughout was rather to scold us for complaining - and as we'd been upgraded why should we complain at all despite the fact the heating/fan system was malfunctioning? Then to top it off at 3:32AM the hotel alarm went off which was located across from our room and when we phoned to find out if we should evacuate we were informed it was a false alarm.At 4:30AM we reluctantly agreed to let them send up an engineer to fix the problem which we told would be carried out. The engineer arrived and said the only thing that he could do was shut down the damper motor which controlled the cooling unit. This, he admitted in a joking manner, was a common re-occurring problem throughout the hotel and proceeded to tell us of former guests who believed the loud sound to be that of someone tapping on their window endlessly. Turning this off only shut down the cooling unit. By this time the room had cooled a little and we attempted to get some sleep without air conditioning but it was just too warm and the morning arrived with us having not gotten any sleep. Because of the malfunctioning of the heating/fan system, my wife started feeling ill and came down with a cold because of the abrupt changes in temperature when she was healthy with no cold symptoms when we arrived. We were, by this point, extremely angry - after all it was the morning of my wife's birthday - and we only had another two days!! At around 8am my wife phoned reception to again ask to be moved rooms given that the necessary air conditioning was not working and after yet another defensive response / tug of war from the reception staff they finally agreed to move us immediately to another equivalent room on the 11th floor at the back of the hotel. Amazing how this had suddenly become available. On arrival there we again found only one bath robe but that the facilities were better, tall glasses and hot chocolate along with the tea/coffee maker and a quieter fridge which now had a retaining bar to store a wine bottle upright! Lacking sleep we retired and had to forego our sightseeing plans for the day which ate up half of the morning and my wife was under the weather.We did manage to only visit one place of interest late afternoon, the British Museum of Natural History, but were alarmed when we returned to our hotel room. Upon our return we then found that our room was left in disarray and had not been made up despite us putting the 'please make up the room' sign hanging outside when we left around 11am. We phoned reception and were told again in a very abrupt rather terse manner that this room had not been listed for servicing but would send someone up to clean up our room and pointed out that we had been given another upgraded executive room so we should be thankful. When the chambermaid arrived, she told us she was only instructed to bring up clean towels and not tidy our bed nor anything else in the room. No one had told us this and as we were at our wits end by this point we demanded to see the hotel manager immediately. We demanded to be moved to another room or the immediate servicing of our room (in view of time we had to forgo freshening up and changing for the West End show we had booked that night - all this on my wife's birthday). The manager's attitude echoed the staff in being very defensive and explained that our room was not scheduled to be cleaned on that day even though they were fully aware we checked in that morning and left the service room sign on the outside of our hotel door.My wife was in tears in disbelief of such shabby service and attitude. Seeing how distraught we had become from this awful experience, he agreed to have our existing room serviced immediately for us and offered us complimentary bottle of wine for the trouble caused and extended a handshake which we refused to acknowledge as we told him until we see efforts made to service our room.For a 4* hotel the attitude of the hotel staff overall was unprofessional, unsympathetic and appalling and the manager's defensive approach to our complaints of lack of service, comfort and rest during our stay and the terse attitude of the reception staff made us very unwelcome at this hotel and we will not stay here again.The attitude throughout by hotel staff was 'well why should you complain - we've upgraded you!!' If you do stay here don't ask for an upgrade and then complain over any lack of comfort because you'll be made to feel bad for doing it which is a reflection of them unprofessionally and ill regard for assuring comfort toward their hotel guests. They are not a 4* hotel and not worthy of a 2*. Avoid and make your stay at a true 4* hotel who cares about quality and hotel guests' comfort. We would not want you to go through this nightmarish experience.	
Nov 23 2003	Fantastic Location So-So Rooms	I booked this hotel on priceline for US$ 92. Quite a deal for London. The hotel was so-so; looked like it might have been real nice about 20 years ago, but currently is OK. Honestly, rooms in London hotels aren't that great anyway, unless you want to drop some serious $$$ and stay at the Ritz or Browns or something like that. The MAJOR plus of this hotel is the LOCATION in wonderful Kennsington. One block from High St. Kensington, with all the shops you'd want. Have tea and breakfast at The Muffin Man, between the hotel and High St. Kensington. Dinner at Trattoo (authentic Italian) was fantastic. Also, a 10-minute walk to Kensington Palace, the Natural History Museum, and other sites. Two minutes from the Tube Stop, and you can be anywhere in London.	
Nov 17 2003 	Not Bad But Rooms Are Sub-Standard	Stayed at the Copthorne Tara in early October when my booked hotel had a fire in the swimming pool and I was relocated to the Tara. The staff was very helpful,the lobby impressive and the breakfast was fine. However the rooms are shabby with the most uncomfortable and prickliest blankets I have ever used.Those blankets look and feel as if they were made in WW2.The beds are also tiny. The bathrooms are really bad and dirty,with mildew in my bathtub,the taps were prehistoric and rusty ,and the towels faded . The Copthorne should seriously think about renovating those rooms.I was very disappointed and I think it is in the bottom of its price range.	
Nov 5 2003	Liked the location and the shower water pressure	I read the reviews having bought a room on priceline for around 96$ including taxes and was not expecting much. Only stayed one night and have left completely satisfied. The best thing is the pressure of the shower - it is excellent! The taps are separate for cold and hot water, and my sink did not drain well. The bed was comfortable and the view from the 2nd floor was towards the street which was quiet, with trees, etc. The location could not be better - 1min from the tube (from the tube turn right before Boots and take a walkway to the hotel), with High St Kensington shops, with Hyde (or Holland) Parks to jog in, and direct tube line to Paddington Station. The service was clumsy but I forgive them as long as everything is resolved. So now the trick is to bid on priceline for even lower for a 4star hotel and make sure you specify double bed in advance.	
Oct 29 2003	Excellent staff comfortable Great Location	The hotel is modern, not quaint, but it's clean and comfortable, with a very nice lobby. They have tea in the rooms, and the service was excellent. We stayed in adjoining rooms on a lower floor, no view, but not a big deal. We had a problem with our smoke alarm, and it was fixed immediately, and the man stayed a bit to make sure it was OK. Everyone was efficient and friendly. The location is great, walking distance of tube, shops, Marks&amp;Spencers, pubs, and Kensington Gardens and their lovely tea. The knobs on the tub are interesting, but work nicely once you figure it out. Our only problem: in common with 99% of European hotels the shower curtain didn't work. However, the breakfast was always more than we could handle.	
Oct 17 2003	Well worth it for $78 a night in high priced London.....	After reading the reviews I called Priceline to try to switch hotels to no avail. I cried for a couple of hours that I was stuck with this hotel. Upon arrival I asked to see a couple of different rooms. The front desk was very kind and allowed me to see two different rooms. I paid $78 plus the fees charged by priceline. The first room was on the 2nd floor. The first two floors have been updated. It was on the front of the building so there was notrouble with noise. My view was not good, it was of the rooftop but we were not in the room during the daylight anyway. The room had a double bed, a small table, two side chairs and a smallish bathroom. It was very clean and the furnishings were at the level of a 3 1/2 star American hotel. The room I also looked at on the 12th floor had a queen bed and nicer curtains, bed linen and furniture but was 25 pounds extra a night. I opted for the room on the 2nd floor. I did not eat at the hotel restaurant but did not think it was any more expensive than other restaurants. The concierge, bellman and front desk were very gracious and helpful with a wonderful attitude. It is very close to the High Street Kensington Tube station. I would stay here again at the $78 price. I noticed that the guy checking out in front of me was paying $120 a night and the rack room rate was 225 pounds which would be around $440. The hotel looks like a Holiday Inn level hotel from the outside but for the price and London I felt it was an excellent value.	
Oct 3 2003	Not a four star hotel	Definitely not a four star hotel -- it was once, but not anymore. Run down rooms, but clean. On the upside, great location. I paid $80 on Priceline -- which was a bit much for what it was.	
Oct 2 2003	so so	I got a standard room on priceline for like $75. Great deal. When we got there the room was not good. Old and grungy. You won't like it. The shower temperature was out of control, the faucet had seperate cold and hot nozzles(wierd). We couldn't sleep there so asked for a different room. I instead upgraded to the concierge room for 25 GBP extra. Now this room was much better. Everything was newer and clean. Don't stay in the standard rooms whatever you do.	
Sep 12 2003	I would stay here again	I agree with the reviewers who state that the first impression of this hotel is SHABBY. That is from the outside. I thought it was a run down apartment building and passed it by. However, after realizing the mistake and going in I was in a stately lobby. My room was very comfortable, clean and quiet, which I'd been worried about because of it's proximity to the tube line. I especially liked the iron and ironing board, and coffe service built-ins. I would definitly stay here again.	
Aug 26 2003	Not a 4-star hotel...	The Copthorne Tara does not justify a 4-star rating (it's more a 3-star). However, depending on how much you pay, it can be a nice deal. The room size is small, as well as the bed size. Amenities are average. On the up side, it is in a very nice neighborhood and just a short walk from the High Street Kensington tube station as well as several bus lines.	
Aug 19 2003	Home Away From Home	This is my home-away-from-home in London. The hotel is just steps away from the Kensington High Street tube stop on the Circle Line, so anywhere in London is easily reach. And the Kensington neighborhood offers a nice retreat from the hustle and bustle of the city centre. The hotel is nothing special but has everything I need: airconditioning, non-smoking floors, iron, etc. Combine all that with the frequently available discount rates on its website and you've got a great deal!	
Aug 6 2003	Mixed review	Your first view of the hotel may be disappointing (as it was for my wife and me). It's somewhat drab, set off the main road in the Kensington area of London.Once inside, however, the lobby is quite nice, and so is the staff. There is a small gift shop, from which I bought some last minute gifts before leaving London.The room was clean, but was small and didn't have many amenities. Our view out the window was of the train tracks.My wife and I spent our honeymoon in Europe, and spent the first part in London at the Marriott County Hall and then the last night here. The location (Kensington) was nice enough, but it's a shame that I ended up paying the same for both hotels. The Marriott came close to being a five star, whereas I'd say this one was, with its amenities, more on the level of three-star hotels that I'd stayed in in Europe.	
Jul 30 2003	I was pleasantly surprised		
Jul 7 2003	Decent hotel Copthorne Tara Kensington		
Jul 6 2003	Priceline deal		
Jun 8 2003	Terrible!		
May 20 2003	Great bang for the buck!		
Feb 3 2003	this is not a 4 star hotel!		
Jan 23 2003	Don't Go There		
Nov 11 2002	Spoiled American tourists rate it badly		
Nov 4 2002	Not a 4 Star Hotel		
Jan 3 2002	Borderline 4 star hotel		
Jan 3 2002	???????????		
Nov 15 2009 	??????????		
Nov 10 2009 	Bien situé mais impersonnel		
Oct 24 2009 	??????????????????		
Oct 21 2009 	un pò vecchiotto		
Oct 3 2009	ottimo hotel		
Sep 15 2009 	Un piacevole soggiorno a Notting Hill a Capodanno		
Sep 7 2009 	??????????????????		
Sep 4 2009 	?????????????		
Jun 30 2009 	Bra hotel på bra ställe		
Jun 8 2009 	Un buon hotel nel cuore di Londra		
May 15 2009 	Moyen		
Apr 6 2009	4 Sterne? Ein Witz!		
Mar 26 2009 	la cosa peggiore: i bagni		
Jan 5 2009 	ottima sistemazione		
Jan 1 2009 	Le minimum requis		
Dec 14 2008 	???????????		
Dec 5 2008 	comodo pulito elegante non caro ma in foto sembrava più bello		
Nov 8 2008 	Ci ritorneri motlo volentieri		
Jul 2 2008 	Típico hotel de Londres		
Apr 4 2008 	Copthorne Tara - Ganz in Ordnung wenn der Preis stimmt		
Jan 3 2008 	Besser als gedacht!		
Feb 19 2007 	Zum Übernachten OK Für den eigentlichen Preis zu wenig !!!!		
