Nov 22 2009 	Marginal hotel - not recommended	I stayed here as my relatives were staying here as part of their tour. I would not recommend it. It was in a nice neighborhood and close to the Tube, but for the price I paid, I did not get a lot of value. The bathroom and the room itself were outdated. I am sure there are better hotels in London.	
Nov 9 2009 	Car parking AND smoking rooms very close to Earls Court and Tube.	Just returned from Ibis, Earls Court (November '09) after attending the MPH Top Gear Motor Show at Earls Court. Having booked a double room online well in advance, I also phoned the hotel weeks in advance to confirm the booking and a smoking room. HOWEVER upon arrival I was told that they only had a twin room available on the smoking floor. VERY unhappy with this as this was supposed to be a romantic break for me and my partner. I requested a discount because of their error and immediately received 10 % off BUT on entering the room we were greated with the most spectacular view right across London and the skyline along the Thames. (Room 1226) So pleased with that and the single beds were quite fun anyway! This hotel is ideal for Earls Court and West Brompton tube station which are both literally just a couple of minutes walk away. We were very pleased also to get a parking space in the underground secure car park even though we arrived on a Saturday afternoon (cost £14 per 24 hours for hotel residents). Beds were very comfortable and bathroom small but clean. We had breakfast in the 1st floor restaurant at a quite pricy £7.95 per person and we also visited the George and Dragon pub which is also on the 1st floor on the Sunday. We were looking forward to a Sunday lunch which the menu stated was served EVERY Sunday only to find that they had a limited menu because of a function downstairs which was disappointing. The portions were so small that we actually ordered extra food as we were still hungry. A loud Kerrang music channel was playing which was then changed to football. A good point though is that meals are served until midnight and breakfasts are served from 4am until midday in the restaurant.The hotel is on a main road so it is noisy outside, even up on the 12th floor but the windows did cut this out if you don't mind having no fresh air.Overall I would stay here again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Rooms need upgrading Close to Earls Court Arena and Chelsea FC	Close to West Brompton Station and therefore a possible budget hotel choice for Earls Court Arena and Chelsea FC.Rooms are tatty and ours was close to the lifts for the cleaners, judging by a dodgy stairway it's 3 star status was bordering on the 2 star but saved by a decent breakfast even if the air conditioning was not switched on until we had finished our meal.Customer Service was OK but nothing special.It would appear the food is the hotels saviour as the Restaraunt and bar area was well populated as was their car park although it is a bit cheeky residents pay the same as the general public.Wouldn't recommend this hotel unless it was for a one night stay just for the Football or Exibition Centre at Earls Court.	
Nov 2 2009 	Definitely underwhelming	We stayed here as part of a tour. The hotel was sufficient, but the staff were rarely helpful, the food was not impressive, the breakfasts were lean and there was a line-up for the business centre. The entire hotel still smells like stale cigarette smoke. Everything was sufficient, but nothing was impressive. This hotel is not that comfortable.	
Oct 20 2009	Comfortable Clean 	Stayed here on 2 occasions within two weeks time. Both times were fine, however we expressed the need for two separate beds in one room and each time it was not met, which was ok since I was travelling with my mother and didn't mind sharing a bed. Each time the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We didn't spend much time in the hotel, so it was just what we needed. The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of the train station which made getting around easy. If ever I return to London I will defintely consider a stay at the Ibis Earls Court!	
Oct 19 2009 	A good standard hotel	The staff were nice, room was cozy and overall the place was very clean. It has a good location near the railway station.	
Oct 11 2009 	Still good value	My 3rd visit in 3 years and the hotel is still fine. Check in was smooth. I had a 9th floor room, which gave excellent views of London. Room was very clean, bathroom spotless. Bit wary of entering the room at first as i thought i could hear voices. Turns out they leave the TV on, there is even a speaker in the bathroom! Be aware the housekeepers do their rounds quite early, about 8-30am, so if you don't want to be surprised (they knock very quietly) leave the do not disturb sign on the outside.	
Sep 26 2009 	Comfortable hotel in great location... the have got the basics right	Comfortable hotel in great location. This hotel is a great example of one that has got the basics right - clean, comfortable and good breakfasts. We found the staff very helpful. We turned up at about 7.30 having just arrived from Australia, and were given an early check-in with no problems. Bedrooms comfortable, breakfasts very good, and it is convenient having the George pub on the premises. The location is one of the hotels strong points, close to transport and a short walk to North End Rd, Fulham. The only issue is the cost of wireless into the rooms is excessive... wish they would review these costs. That said, the service provided is fast and reliable (if expensive). Will definitely stay again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Good compared to other Ibis hotels	Recently stayed at two other uncomfortable Ibis hotels but this was far better. Comfy bed, TWO pillows instead of only one and soft carpet. Wallpaper a little shabby and room quite small but clean. Bath aswell as shower which is always a bonus. We paid only £59 for one night, a special deal online.One complaint- constant door slamming from 8am. Oh &amp; aircon noises humming away outside. Ear plugs helped.Nice cooked breakfast for about £8	
Aug 29 2009 	good hotel-service	what a nice hotel-i really like my stay for 2 nights in this hotel,very near the tube station and bus station just infront of it.The room is spacious and clean as well as the lobby and restaurant.The bathroom and room are clean,the room is complete of other furnitures for your perusal,there was a kettle with assorted drinks.The room was quite,my window is just fronting the street.I will definitely book in this hotel again.Plenty of water for shower.The only thing I noticed was I paid for my breakfast which I thought should be included in the hotel price.	
Aug 18 2009 	Decent hotel in convenient location	Our rooms were basic and a bit worn, but clean. Short walk to the West Brompton tube station was very convenient. Nice neighbourhood with places to eat and shop very close (try Hollywood Chicken for a good, inexpensive meal). The free breakfast buffet was nice in the morning as food prices are so high in London, but we were really tired of the same items by the end of our stay. Despite the hotel being a hub of activity as groups were constantly arriving and departing, seating for breakfast was never a problem. The elevators were very efficient except for mornings when people were departing with luggage. The hotel was generally quiet except for doors slamming very loudly. Our teenagers thought the TV speaker in the bathroom was a bonus. Our meal at the hotel pub was good. Overall, we enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 16 2009 	A budget hotel that exceeded expectations	We booked this hotel for two nights at the weekend as we were visiting London and wanted a cheap but decent place to stay. £75 per night (B&amp;B) seemed a very reasonable price for a London hotel, and we feared it may not be that good. In fact it exceeded our expectations - a comfy bed, decent TV with lots of channels, very good bathroom with a consistent and controllable hot water, quick check in/out and a very good breakfast. The only very minor quibbles we had were that our floor (12) used to be the smoking floor, so the hallways smelt a bit - but the bedroom was absolutely fine. And there was a fairly noisy vent below our window - but good double glazing meant this didn't matter.West Brompton station is 2 minutes walk away, so no complaints about the location either.In summary - don't expect five star luxury, but do expect a good value hotel focused on getting the basics right. We will use this again for similar short trips.Other hotels could learn a lot - a very good example as to how to avoid unncessary frills without making it cheap and nasty.	
Aug 11 2009 	No faults with this hotel	This hotel &quot;does what it says on the tin&quot; Great BreakfastIt's in a good location,but a Kensington hotel location would be better as you would be on a maim line for public transport..Other wise would have no hesitation recomendin this hotel to fellow tourists	
Aug 3 2009 	Very good and clean(!) hotel in London	I liked my stay at this hotel. Room/bath were very clean, very comfortable and I enjoyed the restaurant. Very classy. Would recommend and stay again if again in London.	
Aug 1 2009 	clean rescued us from a bug hut around the corner	clean, comfy and came to our aid after we had discovered bedbugs at the mayflower around the corner..at midnight. (£100 cheaper too) Very grateful.good location, functional and again, clean, bug free.second time to stay here-will stay again from now on.	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel for visitng Earls court and Kew Gardens	If you are over 60 with a bus pass, this is an excellent hotel with buses going to Kew (391), Kensington and Chelsea Embankment (although we walked through West Brompton Cemetry to the Thames (very interesting).The Hotel was clean , friendly, good breakfast and evening meal. We had a problem with the TV which was fixed within 2 mins of reporting it. We were pleased with this choice for our 2 night stay. Sheila	
Jul 20 2009 	Could do better	Myself, my OH and a friend stayed here as part of a long weekend in London.The hotel is easy to get to from West Brompton tube - the hotel is to the left as you walk out of the station. Earl's Court tube station is about a 10-15 min walk.Check-in was easy and the rooms were nice. The bed was very comfy and I had a good night's sleep after the kids in the neigbouring room decided to stop screaming.However, we had a few problems the next morning. First off, the bath in the shower seemed hard to step into (i.e. the bath was high and deep) and there were no supports to help getting in and out. Especially dangerous as the floor got slippery once the bathroom started to steam up. Also, there were not enough towels - just two small bath towels that I would consider to be the size of hand towels!I used the hairdryer (which is fixed inside a drawer) to dry my hair. The hairdryer kept switching itself off every few minutes as it was over-heating. Not great.Then, as we were getting dressed (at around 10am), a cleaner barges into the room without bothering to check if anyone was inside! We didn't bother having breakfast at the hotel after reading the reviews on this website. Instead, we walked for just two minutes down the road and went to a lovely little cafe where they were doing a full-English for just £5.50.Not sure if I'd stay here again. I think there's better places to stay at around the same rate.	
Jun 20 2009 	Beware of sore backs- mattresses were extremely uncomfortable!	The only attractive thing about this hotel was the price- we paid only 59 pounds per night. Check in was fast and efficient, no smiling staff here, but at least it was hassle free.However, the hotel is nearer to West Brompton station and not Earl's Court station. As such, it is actually outside zone 1, and this would mean increased cost of transportation. Also, the hotel is a good 10 min walk from West Brompton station.A major minus point was the really soft mattress in our room, it sagged in the middle and resulted in sore backs the next day! I had to explore London with a really achy back, which meant a really unpleasant 3 days! I consider myself quite healthy and fit and never suffered from a bad back at all throughout my 26 years, so the mattress must really be something.All in all, I didn't think it was worth the terrible back to warrant staying here. Nope, i don't recommend Earls Court for anyone, except an enemy maybe?	
Jun 19 2009 	Clean hotel good location but disappointing customer service	My husband and I were on holiday in London, and selected Ibis Earls Court due to it's proximity to the tube station (short 5-minute walk). We arrived early in the day after a long flight from Singapore. When we got to the hotel, we asked if it would be possible to have an early check-in. The Filipino receptionist was extremely rude, and did not bother to respond. Her only comment was to repeatedly and unsmilingly comment &quot;Check-in time is xxx&quot;. She did not even add comments that the &quot;hotel is full&quot;, or ''you can keep your luggage at the concierge'', etc. Even her colleague at the front desk looked surprised at her attitude. We maintained our composure, but were totally turned off by our so-called 'welcome' to Ibis. Fortunately the young man at the conceirge desk was more helpful with settling our luggage, etc.The hotel itself was clean, and very basic &amp; functional in outlook. Housekeeping was prompt, room was decent size with good amenities including coffee/tea maker, etc. We were ok with this since the idea was not to sit in the room all day, but to enjoy London and to catch up with our family there. All in all, the main advantage of staying here is its location... just dont expect a friendly check-in at front desk :(	
Jun 10 2009 	Good value. Good location	Ive stayed in this hotel twice over a month. The new looking reception does give u a false hope that the rooms will be equally updated, but they are a bit old. However for a london hotel i found it quite spacious and the bathroom is of good size (ie not one of those carpeted matchbox sized things so often encountered!). Rooms and bathrooms are clean. The location of the hotel is within walking distance to 2 tube stations and a range of shops and resturants which i found quite handy. Couple of negative points - you can hear noisy neighbours, and the hotel food facilities are quite average.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice price good location	i recommend,it's near the tube station (300m.) and the bus stops right in front of the entrance.	
Jun 8 2009 	Neat and clean hotel	We stayed at the Ibis Earl's Court, London for 3 nights in May. We had booked a triple room. The room was quite spacious. Even though it is a 3 star hotel, it is much better than a 4 star hotel where we had stayed in earlier. The upholstery was pretty good and spotless. I would definitely stay at the Ibis when I visit London the next time. Also the tariff is quite reasonable.	
Jun 3 2009 	Perfect for the family or business traveler!	The IBIS Earls Court hotel at Kensington, London is a good budget hotel for any international traveler. Ideal location and well connected to the London city zones, it is one of the best hotel to stay &amp; spend the business trip or even if you are on vacation with family. The hotel property is huge and has a spacious reception area with smiling &amp; helpful staff. The rooms are very clean and well appointed. The rooms are secured and have all the necessary amenities a traveler would want. The house-keeping service ensures the rooms are kept clean &amp; in order. The beds are large and very comfortable and the flooring has clean carpets. There is a coffee machine in each room and the property has designated no-smoking and smoking rooms. The washroom is well designed and has a tub and powerful shower. Overall the room has everything one needs to make their stay comfortable and one cannot ask for more in London!The restaurant is spacious and on the first level. It serves a wholesome breakfast of cold &amp; hot serves. Eat as much as you like to your hearts desire… It also serves a good continental menu round the clock at a reasonable price.The staff is very cordial and helpful and they ensure that your stay is full of comfort. I would recommend this hotel to all travelling to London and if you are on a slightly higher budget.	
May 30 2009 	REST ASSURED 	I had gone on a holiday to Europe alongwith my family members to mark the 25th anniversary (silver wedding) of my marriage. The tour culminated with visit to London, U.K. In London, our stay was arranged at Hotel Ibis Earls Court. The hotel has excellent arrangements for boarding and lodging. It has great dining hall which can cater to about 100 guests at a time. The quality of food is also excellent. The upkeep and maintenance is very good. Customer service is also of very high quality and even trivial grievances are politely heard and redressed quickly. The hotel is centrally located. Accessibility to public transport is easy, as the Hotel is very close to West Brompton Railway Station, which is on the District line and Earls Court Railway Station on the Piccadily line. The city bus service can also be easily accessed from the Hotel. Local taxis and private vehicles are also available at your beck and call. The hotel provides in-house services of 'money changer', which is of immense benefit to the tourists, who hail from outside of U.K., visiting London. The hotel rooms are quite spacious, with good ventilation. The bath-cum-w.c. area is well segregated from the main living area. There are adequate storage space for luggage. The rooms also have television and a mini bar, which can be made use of by the guests. The hotel also has laundry facilities For the hurried tourist/traveller, who may not have the time to go up to established shopping areas in London such as Oxford Street, there are places for shopping &amp; also eateries/fast food joints close to the hotel, which can cater to differing income groups. The rates are affordable and certainly worth-while if weighed with the comforts and conveniences that come with it.My family and I thoroughly enjoyed staying in Hotel Ibis Earls Court, and I am sure, the experience of others will also be like-wise.	
Apr 16 2009 	Clean and basic but busy at breakfast!	I stayed at the Hotel Ibis, Earls Court on 14th April 2009 as part of a theatre package with Edwards Coach Holidays. Upon being allocated a twin room, my friend and I arrived at the hotel and immediately noticed the large, fairly plush looking reception with plenty of staff on hand to assist. We found one of 4 lifts which we used to take us up to the 3rd floor. There are 12 floors to the hotel altogether, we stayed in room 332. The rooms are fairly basic - ours had 2 single beds, tea/coffee making facilities (no biscuits!), telephone, a tv with about 5 channels on, 3 radio stations, a hairdryer, extra pillows inside a tiny wardrobe, a chair and somewhere to sit and that was about it! The bathroom was clean - only faults we found was that the door didnt lock - i dont even think there was a lock fitted and the hook on the back of the door seemed a bit loose. Apart from that everything else seemed fine. My friend sat down on her bed to unpack and almost fell over after it started sliding round the room - it was as if it had a mind of its own! After investigating the problem, we realised that as soon as someone sat on the bed, 2 castors that were attached to it (nearest the telly) werent actually even touching the floor which explained the strange movement of the creepy bed!We werent too worried though as we were only staying one night and merely needed the room to change, shower and sleep in. The shower worked fine however and we discovered there was even shower gel/shampoo provided in a pump next to the bath which was nice.After seeing Dirty Dancing that night we returned back to the hotel about 11.pm. About an hour later, we started to hear strange banging noises coming from the floor above us. The noises sounded like 'do do do do do.......do, do! that is the only way i can describe them! At first we ignored them but whoever was doing it continued to make a nuisance of themselves for a further hr and a half....at 1.30am we'd had enough and after not being able to get an ounce of sleep we went to reception, in our pyjamas to report it!! Security radioed up to guards that were patrolling the building and told them to monitor floors 3 &amp; 4.....when we returned to our rooms the funny noises had stopped and we were able to get some sleep.Breakfast is served between 6am-10am - we went down about 8.50am and found it quite difficult to find a table. Eventually we found one, it seemed that the staff couldnt clear the tables quick enough so some guests were left standing around waiting. I had a full english breakfast of scrambled eggs, beans, bacon and toast plus 2 bowls of cereal. Amongst that there was a wide variety of continental foods available including fruit, toast, muesli, cereal, croissants etc.....i couldnt fault the breakfast and even took an apple and a croissant away with me to have for lunch!I was glad we only stayed one night as I dont think I could have put up with another night of noisy hotel guests. Overall though I had a fabulous trip and would gladly return to Earls Court again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel for the Price	We had previously read up on the reviews for this hotel and thought it sounded decent enough for the price. We paid £99 each for 2 nights and this was including our return rail travel from Glasgow and breakfast. We were down for the purpose to see West Ham play and had organised everything beforehand on how to get there by tube so the fact that it was nowhere near West Ham grounds did not bother us. I was surprised to read on one of the reviews that they felt the area was rather dodgy because i really couldnt disagree more after visiting West Ham stadium we clearly saw that there are far much worse areas... !!!!The room was fine, basic but clean which is all we wanted because we were out all day sightseeing and really just wanted somewhere to sleep. We were looking on to the Earls Court Centre which was nice. The Ideal Home Show was on while we were there and we spotted Craig from bigbrother (the first winner) having lunch outside one of the cafes. I think he was working at the home show. The only down point is the breakfast. I would have been very very angry if i had paid separatly for this but ours was included in the price. On the first morning we went down and it was very busy. It is very small considering the size of the hotel. We couldnt find a table but after 10 minutes we found one which we cleared up ourselves. We then got a bowl of cereal each but then couldnt find any cutlery and couldnt find any staff to ask where the cutlery was so we left our bowls of cereal on the table and left. Dont waste your time with it... it feels like a soup kitchen for the homeless!I would stay here again if i got it at the same price, dont think i would pay any more than what we paid though.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good value but don't pay £8.75 for breakfast!!!!	I would say that this was a no frills, value for money hotel, busy and impersonal, seemed popular with large groups of foreign teenagers/young people, though this wasn't a problem. Room was basic but it was clean and beds were comfy. Some noise at night from doors slamming in the corridor during the early hours. There was a pub in the hotel and meals were the usual pub fare but quite good value. Didn't try the restaurant for evening meals but breakfast was NOT good. When we came for breakfast there was a huge queue to get into the restaurant, no bread for toast, ran out of fruit juice, no sauces, no clean knives etc. Pretty awful standard of cooking. On the plus side, parking available at £14 per 24 hours. And great views from the top floor. Lots of local shops within short walk.Only a few minutes walk from West Brompton tube so fairly quick to get into the centre. Would we go back? Probably not, due to the terrible breakfast buffet.	
Apr 9 2009 	Big rooms with big services	When we arrived to this hotel, it was 6am. Kind staffs searched room for early check in, and we checked in at 7am without any extra charges.Big rooms with great view... (Every morning we could see the sun rising)Breakfast was acceptable.Quite worth than the price!	
Apr 5 2009 	Very handy for the price	I stayed here on 20/09/2008 for 3 nights, the room was one of the older rooms however was clean and comfortable enough, I was in room 617, the next time I stayed here I was in room 1008, which was one of the newer roomsTel [-]	
Mar 20 2009 	Would it kill you to smile?	We booked two rooms for 6 nights at the Ibis. Unfortunately, a convention came to the hotel during our stay and at certain times the lobby and the breakfast room was an absolute nightmare! The rooms were clean and overall ok, so the only really negative aspect with our stay was the staff. They certainly don't appear to have been trained in customer relations. Perhaps my expectations are too high, but a friendly smile and polite attitude go a long way. The fellow at check-in was indifferent and the suited host at breakfast was apparently unable to force a smile out of himself. (other host/hostesses and the housekeeping staff were quite pleasant) This observation may not be important to some, but the hotel staff can really make a difference in the overall experience at the hotel. We've stayed in London several times in different neighbourhoods and really don't have any problem with the Earls Court area other than it's too far from the majority of London attractions. So, while I had no major problems with my stay, I would rather recommend The President Hotel at Russel Square than this Ibis Earls Court. The President is a decent value, (we paid less there than at the Ibis) much more central location, walking distance to many attractions, if you like walking or the underground is less than a minute away. Just don't eat the breakfast!	
Mar 11 2009 	Good location watch your wallet	Not a bad hotel. Perhaps because it is more or less in the budget category they try to make money at the fringes of their service.This is a sizable high rise hotel. The lobby is pleasant, but the hallways leading to the rooms have an institutional feel--not dirty but simply an unwelcoming feel. The room was small but clean. No complaints except that we're not used to entering a room and finding the TV on with ads for the hotel sponsored X-rated movies. Somewhat tacky and classless about this.The location is great, near the District line metro and not far from the center of the city. When checking out they tried to exchange the room bill to dollars at an awful rate, presumably they get a piece of the exchange rate profit. Similarly when we asked the &quot;concierge&quot; to call a cab he called a private car which charged and excessive amount. When I asked the concierge to call a cab instead, he refused and was rude. Despite this, it's not a bad hotel and location but watch the extra charges.	
Mar 6 2009 	Clean friendly convinient and quite simply nice!	A large but very nice hotel, a short walk from West Brompton underground station. (just come out of the station and look left!). Not much in the way of local amenities, but a couple of pubs and convinience stores near by, and very handy for both central London and Earls Court. Nice room, comfy bed and excellent breakfast. The staff are unobtrusive but friendly and helpful. A &quot;cut above&quot; other Ibis hotels we have used and deserving of its 3* rating. Will use this hotel again, quite a discovery, and good value for money.	
Jan 24 2009 	Clean and functional	Just stayed for 2 nights at the Ibis. Seemed to be quite a busy hotel. My room was small, bed a little hard, but more importantly it was clean and tidy.	
Jan 8 2009 	Quaint and comfy	We stayed here for 2 nights, 1 before and 1 after our Trafalgar tour. It was good to check in and have someone from Trafalgar there to give us our itinerary and answer our questions.Prior to arriving at the Ibis we had spent 5 nights at The Strand Palace Hotel where you walked out the door and had an abundance of shops, cafes and restaurants within a very short walk. This was not the case here. We went for a walk and ended up in the middle of Hammersmith at sundown, that was a little scary. We ended up just having dinner at the hotel restaurant, it was good, nothing to rave about. I wanted a cocktail but they only seemed to have vodka, they'd never heard of Midori.We caught the underground from the Strand to Earls Court station, and then asked a rail employee for directions to the hotel, he told us to get back on the train and go to West Brompton station and that we'd see the hotel when we got on the street, sure enough we did.Why not Ibis West Brompton then?Our room was nice, Ibis standard, we had a lovely view over a large portion of London and a beautiful old school (Being a teacher that was interesting).Breakfast was ok, I missed having a hot breakfast though.On our second stay after our tour we went out for dinner and this time turned left instead of right and ended up near Kensington I think. We walked for about 15 minutes and found some nice restaurants. The next day we walked to Harrods and found some great places on our walk, it took about 45 minutes as we kept stopping to look at things.Both check in and out were quick and easy, they let people store things at the hotel for the 2.5 weeks we were on tour.Reasonably priced internet access, except when you want to connect your own lap top.As a tourist I preferred the other hotel we stayed at in London as its location allowed us to have thousands of restaurants and attractions on our doorstep.I might stay here again if I went back to London but could see the price of getting around to everything from the hotel a deterrent.	
Dec 14 2008 	good quality budjet hotel	I recently said at the ibis as part of a package with a london theatre break.We found it really easy to locate there are 3 tube sations within less then 5 mins walking distance (the picadilly line and the black line.. sorry not sure what thats called!)We arrived earlier then the suggest 2pm check in time and we were checked in by the staff no problem.The room was fine the bed was comfy and it had tea and coffe making facilties and cable TV.coudnt see any obvious concerns. The are review regarding noise disturbance but we didnt hear any.We got up for breakfast before ten o'clock gave our room number and went straight in to the breakfast room. There was a large selction of food from breakfast to toast fruit coissants etc.. it was buffet style so you could have a really big breakfast to start you off for the day!!(cant comment on price as it was included in the room price)all in all i would go back it had everthing we needed and was comfortable and hasslefree.	
Dec 13 2008 	Good Price - conveient locations	Great hotel for what we needed, we were going to a ball and needed somewhere clean and nice to stay for the night and get ready at, the hotel has 3 tubes within walking distance and a direct bus route into central london running 24hrs. The food in the hotel was overpriced and maninly designed for people on expenses, we didn't eat there.The front of house was quick and our room was clean and very quiet.All in all hassle free cheap stay what we wanted	
Nov 26 2008 	Consistent!	Well Ive stayed here a few times (I reckon 8) and I always come back due to it's consistency.Its not the Park Lane, but its not a Travelodge either- its a 2 Star rated hotel, and you get what you pay for.Ive written previous reviews, so I wont go into detail here, but the only slight issue I had this time was that the quality of breakfast seems to have gone downhill. The sausages tasted cheap, and the bacon was very poor. The staff are always fine (there are still some that have been there from my first visit many years ago!) and the place is always clean.Simple, basic, cheap.	
Nov 23 2008 	Convenient adequate	Situated within walking distance of either Earls Court or West Brompton Metro stations, this grey monolith of a hotel fronts up with a huge Reception area with meeting corners, flowers - but here the sense of manicured ambience ends. The actual external setting is uncared for - derelict houses and council flats but if you want to go to Earls Court Exhibition Centre, then this is convenient. So is a huge Tesco's.Once out of the lift you enter a low ceilinged corridor of rooms. My main complaint was the noise - kids running up and down, thuds, doors banging - you could hear people going to toilet at night, even just walking/thudding, coins dropping etc. around upstairs. Security were alerted after the noise contined one night around midnight but as we were booked in for 11 nights I didn't see the point of complaining all the time! Reception was chaotic - we had booked months in advance &amp; kept in regular email contact with Reception. Notified that son &amp; I would like an early check-in but wrote we were OK with just leaving our bags on hold if necessary. The room was not ready - no rooms were, in fact - finally had a room allocatted at 3pm!Check-in &amp; check-out is noon - this obviously causes a back log with cleaning and getting the computerwork done. Room was wiped over daily but staff had a tendency to quickly knock and walk in if you didn't have the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out!Lots of bus tour groups (Trafalgar), conferences (my son was attending one) - think a genuine tourist would be better off in a smaller hotel. Cannot comment on the restaurant.Internet access was timed at 10 minutes for 1 pound and often not working - but plenty of cheaper cafes down the road - 1 pound an hour!	
Oct 30 2008 	Very basic hotel but extremely clean washroom!	I would agree with all of the latest reviews of this hotel (Sept-Oct 2008). Ibis Earl's Court is a very basic hotel without many of the amenities that North Americans may be used to.The hotel advertises breakfast availability from 4 am to noon but as a previous reviewer indicated, this is not the case. At 4am I went to the pub to get some cereal; the manager was short with me and said the pub is closed. When I explained to him that breakfast was available at 4, he was a little miffed and called someone from the front desk. The front desk guy came up to the pub to offer me an &quot;early riser&quot; of coffee/tea and a croissant. I received the same type of mannerism when I got to the pub at 10:30 another morning and was told breakfast was over. I once again had to explain that breakfast is until noon aka 'late riser', as advertised in the lobby of hotel. I was brought a huge bowl of yogurt (who can eat that much of it at one sitting?) a dry croissant and a cup of tea. Thank goodness I had a box of cereal in my room (and bananas and granola bars).There are no ice machines or pop/water machines available in the hotel to keep drinks cold in your room. Pop is much too expensive to buy at the hotel and there are a couple of little stores up the street where you can purchase them much cheaper.Internet is available in the business room -- £1 for 20 min. There are many internet places around London, incl. not far from the hotel, that offer internet service at a cost of £1 per hour.My bed was full of springs. I could tell very easily.THE BEST part about the hotel was the washroom. It was extremely clean. As I have an immune disorder, I have to have clean surroundings and this washroom was the best I've seen.Although I brought my own towel, their towels were small but not as bad as i expected from the other reviewers. No facecloths though. I found the room too cold and since the heat had not been turned on in the hotel, housekeeping placed a small heater in my room. That was very nice of them.Bus 74 stops right in front of the hotel which is very convenient when coming home after a long day of travel. I would take the tube to Earl's Court and then the 74 to the hotel. I found the bus a fine way to travel around the city, especially if you can't walk much.	
Oct 25 2008 	Basic but clean and comfortable	Stayed overnight at Ibis Earls Court to attend a conference at nearby centre. Booked directly with the hotel and got a better rate than showed on other websites. Info at booking enabled me to use nearby West Brompton tube station, instead of Earls Court (which I was going to use) and hotel was literally 3 mins walk away. Quick and efficent check-in. Room clean and comfortable. Towels a little on the small side...good job I'm not that large!! Soap and shower gel supplied but nothing else..however this is not what you would class as a luxury hotel so not really expected. Only downside of room was it was so hot!! Air conditioning only pumped out warm air in spite of being set at lowest setting. Window would open but noisy in spite of being on 9th floor...clearly on heathrow flight path! Good value meal in restaurant served efficently and with a smile in spite of the fact it was 20mins before closing. Good breakfast in morning...all self service but good range of food on offer. tables cleared quickly when vacated so no queues for seating. All in all a good experience with a budget price range. Would stay again (and recommend) if in the area.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great price and location - would stay again	It was fine - nothing more and nothing less. Bad things: A little bit dated - everything worked and was clean and in good shape, but was just a bit old fashioned. Old-style TV, no internet connection in room, no toiletires in the bathroom, slightly surly staff, quite thin walls, threadbare old sheets and rough towels... Oh! I am making it sound horrid, but it really wasn't. I am very, very fussy but I would still go back. Good things: The pub and the restaurant are fab, it's very close to all the good eateries (we love As Greek As it Gets!), pubs, tube stations, Earl's Court 2 (where we were for the National Wedding Show), the price is very reasonable and the buffet breakfast was really YUM! I went back for piggy seconds! Oh, and the bed was really quite comfortable.All in all, a really good, sensibly-priced hotel. I will definitely be back. By the way, it's is SCARILY sized - 12 floors! There are, however, four lifts and great views from every floor above the first. I was in room 642 and I looked right over the London skyline.	
Sep 29 2008 	Be aware before you stay!	This hotel was booked for me through a travel agency as the starting and ending hotel for a 2 week motor coach tour. We stayed a total of 4 nights. After arriving late due to weather difficulty, we relaxed for some time. We had theater tickets for that evening (which we had been planning for many months), and I went to the concierge/information desk. I asked for the quickest and easiest way to get to the West End for our show, explaining that I did not know London, nor was I familier with the subways. Expecting them to say they would fetch us a cab, they instead directed us to the tube insistang that the stations were very near where we needed to go. Well, the 2 minute walk to the first station was not 2 minutes, especially for someone dressed up in heels. After getting turned around in the West End, we missed the first part of our show. At the conclusion of our trip, I again went to the concierge and asked for them to arrange transportation to the airport. The concierge was obviously incompletely trained, and told me numerous times that he did not know how to do it. After finally finding the books for reservations, he couldn't find the right numbers. He called his supervisor (I assume at home) and was told to tell us that 1) the hotel doesn't do this (even though they had a book of reservations), and 2) I would have to make all the calls myself (even though the sign on the desk says that they would arrange pick-ups). After getting the concierge to talk to the hotel manager, he called a number for transportation and was placed on hold. After 30 minutes, I asked if there was another way to get to the airport, he suggested a cab which would have cost us another 2 GBP! He supposedly scheduled this for us. The next morning a cab pulls up in front of the hotel. He tells us that it is normally 45 GBP to the airport (not 32) but that he would be willing to take us for 32. Furthermore, he had no knowledge of us needing to go to the airport. One person in our group was advised to take the subway to the airport (lugging 50 pound suitcases up a hill to a subway station with no elevators) when she clearly asked for a cab!The rooms are very small. Alone, this would not disappoint me, but we found that the carpets were stained and patched together, the beds were very uncomfortable, and the sheets smelled.While Accor advertises breakfast until noon, this is not the case, as breakfast ends at 10am here. While this is fine for most business travelers, this is less than helpful if you are coming from US time zones, or are trying to get back to US sleep schedules (where 10am in London is 2-5 am in our time zones)If you are familiar with London and understand the subway system, this facility is reasonably close, and may serve your needs. If you are an unfamilar traveler, be warned. The concierge desk does not listen to your requests, they will give misleading advice, and are less than helpfull.	
Sep 28 2008	Great value	Ibis Earl's CourtSept 15thWe stayed at Ibis Earl's Court for one night in September and were absolutely satisfied with our stay. It is a 5 minute walk from West Brompton tube station. The price was 72£ per night which is average for a Sunday night in that type of hotel. You can tell the hotel is a little older than the other Ibis I've booked at: the furniture looks older (although it is in perfect shape, it just looks outdated), the TV was not flatscreen, the shower is old-fashionned, etc. The room was tidy and the bed was very comfy.At around midnight, we were a little bit hungry and decided to go downstairs for a little snack. The reception clerk told us that there was something broken in the kitchen and that no food was available, except for the cheesecakes. He offered each of us a free piece but I don't like cheesecake, so I was a little disappointed. Instead, I asked for free breakfast the following morning and he agreed. So in the end, we ended up with two pieces of cheesecake (that my partner really enjoyed) and two breakfasts for free! Ibis honored their promise to fix any problem within 15 minutes and as customers, we really appreciated that. They brought 2 extra pillows in less than 5 minutes.Overally, I was satisfied with my stay and would certainly go again.	
Sep 13 2008 	Does the job just fine	We stayed at the Earls Court Ibis a year ago and I wanted to review it, so here goes.We took the train from Heathrow, the main line and then transferred to the line that would take us closer to the Earls Court stop. It is within walking distance and it seemed pretty safe. The hotel is comfortably appointed with a few elevators that go to all the floors and an internet stop (they charge per minute). We did not use the restaurant or pub because we wanted to see what was around the hotel. Within a few minutes walking there are some small pubs and fast food places. A little further and there are some nicer restaurants, pubs, shops. The room was smaller than I thought it would be but it has shelving with a good sized closet, a bathroom that has anything you need and a desk and bed that all worked. The window was really large and had a good view. Word to the wise, the bathtub is higher off the floor than you may be used - so be careful! I was 5 months pregnant so I asked my husband to help me in and out just to make sure I didn't slip. If there were other amenities in the hotel we didn't use them. You can get tour information and maybe directions from the bell desk, he was pretty helpful.Basically, the hotels price worked for us and if you are up for walking a few minutes, there is a lot to find including the train which will take you anywhere! So if you want to stay out of the expensive area, this may be the way to go. I think the train trip from Heathrow was about 20 mins. Also, we needed a drycleaner for a stain on a shirt, and we needed it in a hurry and there was a good one not far from the hotel. Enjoy your stay!	
Sep 11 2008 	Not Nearly as Bad as you might think	I stayed at the Ibis for 6 nights and have no complaints. After reading a few reviews, I was a little worried about what to expect, but I was very happy with my time spent here. I was given a room on the 7th floor, facing Lillie Road. I had a double bed that was so comfortable, it was almost hard to roll out of each morning. I loved that you could hear the TV through a speaker in the bathroom and would often put SkyNews on and then take a soaker to soathe my poor muscles and feet. The hotel was clean, the staff were helpful and friendly. I did not partake of the continental breakfast that came with my package, so cannot comment on it. Not only is the West Brompton underground station extremely close by, but Bus #74 picks up and drops off directly in front of the hotel. I had no issues with noise either next door, below or above. If anything, it might have been too quiet to someone who needs a fan running in her bedroom to sleep at night! AC worked well, kettle with instant coffee provided. I even had a free dessert coupon, (which I never used). All in all, a wonderful stay and I would definitely consider staying here again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Good surprise!	After reading the reviews, I was a little worried about this hotel, but I was surprised when arrived there...I stayed at Ibis Earl's Court for a week...The staff was really helpfull, the pub was great, so as the restaurant and the breakfast.The room was bigger then I expected, with a good bathroom and shower.My only complaint is the noise of the next rooms, that could be heard on my room (thin walls, I think). One day I woke up about 7:00 am because of the guest on next room, that was listening a very loud music, and I couldn't sleep any more.But is a great hotel, in a good location, and I already miss my staying there....I recommend it!	
Aug 26 2008 	Very convenient for Earls Court Arena 	Stayed here for the weekend while going to a concert (george Michael) at Earls Court and was very pleased with our stay.Arrived earlier than check-in time and there was no problem about getting into our room early.Room was an ok size for just the 2 of us, Clean and comfortable, however there are no toiletries in the bathroom except for a pump on the shower wall with shower wash in it. Also try to bring your own towels as theres only 2 thin ones supplied. Only hotel ive ever known to have the TV sound piped into the bathroom, good ideaLifts to all floors are quick and efficient.Car-park underground - think it was about £14 per 24hrs for residents, But could tend to fill up quickly if theres an event on.Earls Court Arena and West Brompton tube station 2 min walk away, so very conveinient for EC.A few pubs and coffee bars close by.All in All a good choice. Would stay there again.	
Aug 16 2008 	Comfortable and professional	After a 16 day tour with Trafalgar we stayed here 3 nights and found the hotel to be very professional and comfortable.Its nothing fancy but also nothing to complain about.	
Aug 4 2008 	Valuable stay	Cheap priceClean roomPolite staff-&gt; You dont need to hesitate about payment	
Jul 29 2008 	Good value for money	We used this hotel for a two night stay when going to Wimbledon Tennis on the final Sunday. So we were staying on the Saturday and Sunday nights, travelling from and to Stockport by train.The weekend rate was £65 per night for a double room with the option to take a full English Buffet style breakfast at £7.95 per head. (this has since gone up to £8.95 but the hotel honoured the lower price automatically!) It is worth noting that you don't need to shop around for this rate as, unlike some hotels, it is advertised openly.Arriving at St Pancras you can get the tube directly to Earls Court and the hotel is just a ten minute walk. To get to Wimbledon the West Brompton tube station is only five minutes walk. If you are planning to visit Earls Court Exhibition Centre this is just two minutes away.The breakfast was very good quality although the costs are kept down by only offering a limited choice. But this still provides much more choice than most of us have for breakfast at home!The 8th floor room was clean and bright with views over London and Chelseas Football Ground. A hospitality tray was kept well stocked over the weekend. We did not have our evening meals at the Ibis because we preferred to walk to a wonderful Italian restaurant 10 minutes away that we have used before on Earls Court Road.Even if you have to pay the weekday room rate of £85 per night, I think that the Ibis Earls Court represents very good value for money. So the weekend rate must be excellent value for a three star hotel so conveniently located in London.	
Jul 21 2008	Be careful!!!	Booked well in advance and phoned to check reservation 2 nights prior to visit. On arrival told that room not available - I was not alone and several guests were sent to another hotel in a taxi. The only reason for booking Ibis was its location.	
Jul 2 2008 	great location	stayed at ibis earls court for three nights - didn't expect too much as had read mixed reviews - but i was pleasantly surprised - room was a good size - clean and beds really comfortable. think i read that no bath towels and this is correct making it a bit difficult to get dry with fairly small towels but never mind. good double glazing so not too noisy. only down side was eating in the restaurant - food not very good at all - the bar food was better. excellant location for earls court and west brompton tube and overground. would definately stay again when in london.	
Jun 16 2008 	What it says on the tin	We stayed for two nights on a London visit. Good things: polite staff, quiet room on 7th floor, clean and tidy, everything worked, excellent shower, aircon ok, car park very useful and reasonable value, only a short walk from West Brompton Underground (one stop to Earls Court), bus stop to West End almost outside, good choice of restaurants at the end of Old Brompton Road (10 mins walk), 24 hr shop nearby, lifts prompt and swift.Bad things: only one rather thin small towel each., breakfast moderatre and scrambled egg indescribably awful. We have stayed here before on a number of occasions - the location is fine for us, and parking is a real plus. Breakfast now very moderate - poor ingredients for the cooked buffet and definitely not as good as it used to be.Conclusion: Good value for money budget hotel - fine if all you need is a clean and tidy room for the night with basic facilities and the location suits you.	
Jun 11 2008 	loved london	i stayed in the hotel for 4 nights from 5-9 june 2008...advantages....easy to find-when you get out from the west brompton tube station you turn your head left and you can spot it in about 300-400 m distance. the location is nice and quitefor those that want to feel more safe there a metropolitan police station in 50 meters distancethe room prices are ok in my opinion..very logicalthe rooms are ok ...simple but ok...clean and they have smoking and non smoking rooms...the people were very polite and ready to help at anytime2 things i didn't like....is that their breaksfast has only the basics....you get what you pay but even though this is true still i believe that the breakfast can be better and the second thing is that in the room they put only one toel for each person...i mean only body towel and not a hand or face towel...... anyway...i recomend it....	
May 28 2008 	It was absolutely dreadful!!!	Stayed for only one night, booked with breakfast (was not told it was not included). The internet was not working, same story since last year as read from the reviews. Had to move to another hotel with better service at a £20 premium over the IbisDon't call it a hotel, its only a high-rise hostel.	
May 5 2008 	Worst Hotel I've stayed in	The hotel's location is in a very rough part of London and it is a Very shabby hotel. We booked ahead via email and pointed out that our flight arrived at 6am therefore we booked the night before so that we could go straight to our room before the normal check-in time. When we arrived, the reception staff denied the booking even when given their reference number. The duty manager then denied the number was even theirs and started getting abusive. It wasn't until I retrieved the actual email from my luggage that she conceded and gave us a poky little room that wasn't clean. We had to protest long and loud that we had booked and paid for a fully renovated room before we were moved to a renovated room, which looked as though a home handyman had renovated it on a budget, in a hurry.Sweeping views of the carpark were supposed to make-up for this.The hotel is not close to Earls Court Station, the nearest station is West Brompton, which is just a branch line and not useful at all. The walk to Earls Court station is a good 15 minute walk and that only gets you to the furthest entry it's another 5 minutes once you get to the entrance. The staff in the restaurant were surly and sloppy.	
Apr 21 2008	Great value central easy to get to	Wanted somewhere easy to get to from M4 with a carpark, reasonably priced and near a tube station - this hotel fits the bill. Really easy to find, only £62 a night on a web deal which is great to London and within 5 mins walk of West Brompton tube station. Foyer does not look like an Ibis so at some point this has obviously been a higher class of hotel - rooms clean, tidy and roomy to say it is a London hotel. Everything we needed - will be recommending to friends and family as a good location for visiting London. Also there are resident rates on car park so to park from Fri lunchtime to Sun afternoon was only £35 - as someone else has said it is a lot cheaper than the train fare for 2 of us!	
Apr 13 2008 	Terrible noise!!	Stayed in this hotel in April, will npt come back again.Room was more or less ok but there was a terrible noise all the time so we could not sleep and kept waiking up all night.Finally decided to check out at 5 am as this noise was unbeleave. I think it was coming from airconditioning on the roof of the hotel. /We stayed on 2nd floor./	
Apr 8 2008 	More then we expected	The cheep part of me that calculates everything from English pound to American dollar at first went ouch over the price (just over $220.00) I reminded myself this was London and nothing was cheap. The hallways are a little rundown but clean. Our room was much larger then I expected from what I have seen online of English hotels and had more storage then most apartments. Everything was clean and smelled clean. The bathroom was large the bed like a wonderfull big feather pillow. We were up on the 12th floor, you could still hear the trafic some but that will happen anywhere in the city.We had dinner that night in the hotel restaurant, the food was fantastic, the proce great. Where else in London can you get an olive/pickle dish thats refilled, basket of rolls with butter a club sandwich and enough fries/chips to feed a family all for less then 10 pounds.The only thing we grumbled about was no room service. Got thirsty about 11:00 pm and you have to go down to the desk or bar for a drink. People in the bar were just like everyone else in the hotel though, very friendly. I will stay there again the next time I am in London	
Apr 7 2008 	Gets the job done	Overall, the Ibis Earl's Court is not a bad hotel...just not necessarily a great one. The location was nice, the West Brompton tube station was just a stone's throw away, and there is an excellent pub (Prince of Wales) right down the street also where we spent many an evening. The beds were definitely nothing to write home about, but they performed well enough for weary feet at the end of the day. There is no ventilation at all in the bathroom, so every morning I had to prop my shoe against the door to let the heat escape after showering, or be faced with the prospect of a sauna. The continental breakfast was also a laugher: it consisted of toast (which they usually were out of) or stale croissants.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Value for Money	Stayed here last Sat night, was really pleased as I have stayed in an IBIS before so expected it to be more basic than it was. The room was clean and tidy and had tea and coffee facilities, bed was very comfy and the staff were friendly and helpfull. There is a very useful secure car park beneath the hotel and residents get reduced parking charges. Breakfast was not included in our room rate and seemed a liitle expensive until you got to the resturant where there was plenty of variety and you could keep going up for additional helpings as often as you liked. We had a meal at the hotel in the evening as we were late back and that was very tasty. It is only a 5 min walk from West Brompton Tube Station so access to the centre of London is easy. All in all really enjoyed our stay and we will be going back to the IBIS in Sept to do some more sight seeing.	
Apr 3 2008 	3 star quality on 2 star budget	This hotel is a great, busy, modern, 3-star hotel. It's basically an 11 story tower block in a fantastic location. Earl's court is a great place to stay in the west-end. We got an amazing deal from the Accor website, for two people for 5 nights cost us £260 UK pounds! Wow!! That works out at £26 pounds per night, which is unreal!! Accor do 3 night deals, so keep an eye out for those. The staff were so friendly, and really helped us out. English people are very friendly, but just remember when visiting England - especially the big cities, it's better to push out a little friendliness or a big smile first to break the ice, and they'll do everything to help you. We needed a great location, great price, and a TripAdvisor recommendation, and I spent about a week studying hotels in London, before choosing this place. I wasn't willing to compromise because my Missus was with me, and she can see dirt a mile away, and PLUS, it was her first time in London, and I wanted her to have a great experience. Happily, it didn't disappoint, the place was very very clean, very nice, good quality. Wish they had a few more TV channels, but 12 or so was fine. The food was.. ok, but we only ordered paninis, and didn't eat in the restaurant. The rooms were cleaned every day, and they're lovely for the price - decent and modern. Tea and coffee were also provided, as well as a fridge. The nearest tube station is West Brompton - turn left as you exit the station, and walk 400 yards, and you're there. When we arrived the Brit awards were on, and we arrived from the Earl's court tube station, meaning that the first thing we say in Earl's court was music stars Rhianna, Mika, TV cameras, and hundreds of screaming fans outside the Earl's court centre. Apparently some of the musicians and their entourages were staying in the hotel, but the hotel is big enough that we never saw them! So, yeah... this was a good decent quality 3 star city hotel (and very clean and modern!! ) for the price. The location is excellent.	
Apr 3 2008 	great little gem	Me and my partner stayed here as a late valentine treat and were doing london on a budget. Dispite a small discrepency with our room smelling of smoke even tho it was a non smoking room our stay was better than expected. Possibly having something to do with being given a larger room for the same money. The bed was to die for the most comfortable bed in a hotel i have slept in ever. Room was very clean and bath room had great shower and bath with strange speaker system so you can hear the tv in there strange but novel. Would definately stay there again on our next visit if it was available.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great value in london	Excellent value option in london. A 15 minute tube ride brings you to the heart of the city. At night the night bus, N97 stops right outside the door for 2pounds per person. Rooms are clean and perfectly adequate as a base. Breakfast is varied and served until Noon at weekends which is great if you've been out the night before!Only fault I could find is that only a small number of rooms have internet access available - so if you want this in your room, make sure you ask for it in advance. Otherwise, wireless is available in the public areas and they have a 'pay as you go' internet kiosk.	
Mar 18 2008 	not good	Stayed here for 1 night in December 07. Picked this hotel as it is close to Earls Court exhibition centre where I was attending a pedigree cat show in order to collect a new kitten to bring back home with us to Ireland. We found the staff pleasant enough but quite forgetful. The food in the on-site restaurant was ok but nothing special, and the room was clean but freezing!We arrived at the hotel around lunchtime, and as we expected the room wasn't ready yet so we offered to go for lunch first. After our lunch we went back down to reception to be told that there were no smoking rooms available yet as the people in them had not yet checked out. We offered to wait for a while longer as I had specifically requested a smoking room as am sick of having to stand on the streets freezing!About an hour later, and after several reminders, a twin smoking room was finally found for us (although we had booked a double room). Anyway we didn't mind, were just happy to finally get checked in.So off we went to the cat show, a little later than planned, but excited to be picking up our new kitten anyway.On our return we got funny looks from reception, despite having informed them at check in that we would be staying with a cat! Anyway we settled back into our room, which although clean and quiet, was absolutely freezing. The air conditioning seemed to blow out cold air no matter what temperature it was set to...so we spent the whole night snuggled up together in one single bed trying to keep ourselves and our 14 week old kitten warm. Not an experience I would like to repeat!	
Mar 11 2008 	Great value for $$ 3 Star at least	Booked a week in London withTrafalgar Travel, via CAAA in LA, the IBIS was rated Moderate First Class, and it proved to be just that. I had read reviews for a couple of months, was expecting a few problems, but had none. I requested as high up as possible and got a room on the 11th floor, facing south overlooking the &quot;row houses&quot; and some far away industrial complexs. Could watch the arrivals to Heathrow coming right by the window, overall good view!We had the included &quot;cold&quot; breakfast, and it was fine, rolls, cereal, canned citrus fruit, yogurt and coffe, etc. We started every day there, and was satisfied with the result.The only 'hitch' in our week was the hundreds of international teen-aged tour groups, for 4 out of the six days. One day the crowding in the Pub where the cold buffet was, extended out into the elevator foyer. Loud, rude and plentiful, was glad when things got a little calmer!Used the Bus Day pass extensively, Bus 74 stopped right in front of hotel, with the Central London Bus map, we travelled the length and width of London, from Greenwich to Hammersmith. Used the Tube just twice, very crowded, mostly slow, and nothing to look at!! The double-deck busses are the best sightseening deal in London, upstairs in the front seats you can see everything, especially your stops before you get to them!Had a wonderful time!! Will stay at the IBIS Earl's court everytime we come to London!!	
Mar 2 2008 	A great base	We wanted a hotel in London that we could drive to, and the Ibis fitted the bill perfectly. It was very easy to get to off the M4 motorway and has its own underground car park. We were charged £28 for two days which is a damn site cheaper than the train fare to London ! The hotel itself was ok, clean, tidy and with polite staff. The room was a fair size with nice sized bathroom. We payed for room only as the breakfast was £8.50 extra. Their are numerous cafes around the area that are a hell of lot cheaper than that, just take a walk and have a look. The area itself safe, with a few pubs around if you fancy a pint. You can get to all the attractions easily by public transport as their is a bus stop opposite the hotel and two tube stations within walking distance. We had a great weekend and are sure to go back.	
Feb 23 2008 	Not brilliant but ok for one night	Stayed here for one night (20/2/08) was the same night as the brits. Attached to the hotel is a huge confrence hall, where the offical after party was held, so it created huge ammounts of noise during the night. Hotel is in great location for Earls Court 3 min walk at the most! Breakfast was good, with both hot and cold food. Rooms are all of a good size, with bath tub in bathroom, every small towels provided. I found that it took a very long time to get hot water in my shower.I left my shower on for 10 mins on full tempertaure before the water even got warm! Overall- Hotel is average, would'nt want to stay for more than one night, hotel would be brill if you are at a concert etc.. at earls court.	
Jan 27 2008 	Not bad for the price but not super either	Stayed here for 5 nights in October, mainly because we booked our holiday a bit late and the price fit our Cdn dollar budget. Had not stayed at an Ibis before: it was ok. Great windows that, when closed, made room very quiet, no problem sleeping (stayed on 8th floor). Also, curtains were great, made room very dark. Big enough room for the two of us and our big suitcases. Bed was decent but only 1 pillow each; good enough sheets. Room had kettle and cups, nice for a cuppa. Good price for London (we paid 85 pd a night). But: bath tub had mold, water pressure not great and for some reason, the bathroom always smelled of cigarette smoke. Only got 1 towel each, and 1 small soap. Staff a bit surly, but they were able to give us a small room fridge (for free) for my meds, which was super. Breakfast was awful: do not recommend it at all. Although Brompton station only 5 minutes walk away, took awhile on the tube to get most places. At the end of our six week trip, when we returned to London, we stayed at the Hoxton instead for nearly the same amount - not a fab locale either, but much, much nicer room.	
Jan 15 2008 	Earls Court - Good Value Good Location	Got a good deal on the hotel's website for 3 nights room only and booked directly with the hotel by phone. When we got there I was overcharged by them using a different room rate and when I got this checked they realised it was their error. For this reason, I would advise if booking a hotel by phone, make sure they send you a confirmation e-mail so that you have something in writing. The hotel itself was great nice for the price and is located 2 minutes walk from West Brompton tube station which was very handy. Its located in a quiet area and we had a room on the twelfth floor so had great views of the city. The room was a good size and we were happy with this as I had read a lot of reviews about hotel room sizes being tiny in London. The food in the bar wasn't up to much but there was good choice in the restaurant for breakfast which I found to be adequate but pricy, but that's London for you everything is more expensive there than Ireland. Overall, we had a good experience at this hotel and if staying in London would definitely revisit.	
Jan 9 2008 	London Budget Gem	My Birthay ! Parents coming down from the North East (UK) for my big birthday &quot;do&quot; with my many local friends ....Trip Advisor put me well off the hotels in the Paddington / Bayswater area (my entry into London) :-(I trust Ibis from experience .... UK, France, Austria, Hungary .... and Earl's Court was well up to Iusual bis standard.Rooms just a little worn, spotlessly clean, better than we expected for £70 double per night.Breakfast as &quot;hot buffet&quot; was perfect (well worth the £7 supplement).Public transport just 5 -10 minute walk away (West Brompton / Earls Court tube).North End Road for a wonderful multicultural market, ethnic shops, cafes, bars, just on the doorstep ....Guess you just can't go wrong with Ibis ..... this hotel will be on my favourite list for a long long time !	
Jan 3 2008 	More Than I Expected - Very Pleased	My spouse and I booked this hotel and were very nervous about our stay considering some of the bad reviews on this site. However, we arrived to find it was for our stay. The lobby is very nice, clean, etc. and the rooms were perfectly fine. We had a double bed, desk, TV, and a nice, clean bathroom with speakers so you could listen to the television while you showered. The staff were very friendly, except for the man at the front desk information who actually said, &quot;why do people keep asking me questions?&quot;!? The breakfast was average, but we didn't need anything fancy - just some sustinence to get us on the road. It is very close to the South Brompton tube, and a good area to stay in. Overall, I was completely satisfied and would definitley stay there again!	
Dec 10 2007 	Basic but good value	This hotel can serve well a low budget business traveler.it is well located, three minutes walk from South Brampton tube station and has good bus connections.Breakfast is very poor, rooms are OK.Please remember to tell the receptionist the you are looking for a room with wireless connection (these are better rooms anyway)	
Dec 9 2007 	Okay for 1 night	I would not have booked this hotel if it had not been part of a theatre package (the only way I could get the tickets) but I found it to be fine for one night. As other reviewers have pointed out the hotel is located well for access to Central London via West Brompton tube station which was ideal for us. We stayed on the 11th floor and the room itself was rather dated but had all the essentials and was clean. The view was pretty good at this level. The bathroom was clean and functional but towels are in short supply and tiny and the hotel only supplies a measly bar of soap. Having said that, the room was good value for money - I've paid twice the price in London for a similar standard room. The pub on the first floor is reasonably priced and does good bar food (excellent chunky chips) - it was also refreshing being able to have a drink in a hotel without feeling totally ripped off at the bar prices. Breakfast was a bit disappointing though, particularly the lack of fresh coffee - you have to help yourself from the machine.My experience with the staff on reception was that they were helpful and friendly. I see that not everyone has found this so perhaps it varies depending upon who is on duty.Overall I thought this hotel was fine for one night but I wouldn't want to stay for longer - particulary if I was going to be spending any length of time in the room.	
Nov 25 2007 	Big hotel with nice room and nice breakfast	The hotel is big (ten stairs), near from the London tube (district line, which allow to go to museums, Big Ben and tower of London without any change).The room is quite correct for a London hotel price (80 $). You have a TV, a double bed and a desk. The bathroom is big, with a phone (!) and a speaker which transmits the sound of the TV.My room was at the 7th floor, and I had a good view on the town. The reception was a bit unpersonal and the people there were not very helpful. They just wanted my credit card.The breaksfast cost 7 £ per person and is very correct with a large choice of meals (continental and english breakfast).You can eat at the hotel but I didn't try the restaurant. I didn't see any restaurant around the hotel. It is better to eat downtown.Around the hotel everything was calm and I didn't have any trouble.I will certainly come back to this hotel the next time I come to London.	
Nov 23 2007 	Great place	This is like a North American hotel with all the amenities. Check in/out went smoothly. Room was very clean as was the bathroom. Advertised that a hair dryer was in the room but there wasn't one.Very quiet - no issues with noise. Our room came with a continental breakfast which was all you needed to start the day - juices, coffee, cereals, croissants, fruit, yogurt.We ate in the pub twice and enjoyed the meal both times.Location is also excellent - West Brompton tube station is less than a 5 minute walk. Bus stop also at the front door was very convenient.Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 22 2007	Ibis Earls Court was great location perfect.	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Great food in the pub on the 2nd floor , the British beer went down really well, I wish that they had Worthington beer in Winnipeg. We came across a really great Italian restaurant close by at 314 Earls Court Rd called &quot;Al Castello&quot;, we ate there twice - great food.	
Nov 13 2007 	Convenient and no congestion charge	We went to London to attend an exhibition at Earls Court and were driving from the West Country. I was therefore looking for an hotel with easy access and this was it. Drove straight in no traffic problems and just outside the congestion charge zone. It has it's own secure car park, which is expensive but where isn't in London. We stayed on a room only basis and found a nice cafe just down the road for a cheap and cheerful 'full english'.The bar was nice to unwind after a day around London and the prices were very reasonable.We were so impressed that we are returning to the same hotel in December when we are going to the Tutenkhamen and Terracotta Army exhibitions.Have found a good deal on hotelopia which includes breakfast and ticket to the King Tut exhibitionI really cannot stress enough the convenience of this hotel for anyone driving in from the West of London.As for the internet access I can't comment, we were on a break and could live without it for a few days	
Oct 29 2007	ibis is the place for me!	i had below average expectations about this ibis. i had read the reviews but still booked it due to the fantastic internet rate i had secured. i arrived in a cab and checked straight in. the lady on reception was a trainee but professional and polite. our room was on 8th floor and the view as expected - of a residential city scape. the room was neat and tidy and fresh. for £43 per night i did not expect egyptian cotton bath towels or 4 ply padded toilet roll and what we were provided with by the hotel was just the same as i have at home so i was not disappointed. the food was ok too and the restaurant staff very pleasant, though rushed off their feet on the saturday night. i was glad we arrived early (6:30 pm) when it was quiet and got served straight away.  the hotel pub was nice for a drink and a meal at the end of a busy day also. there are lots of shops nearby so i always had breakfast in my room that consisted of bread and jam and cereal that i bought from the local shop - much cheaper than buying from the hotel which just offers a continental breakfast i believe. west brompton tube station is right next door and a bus stop right in front of the hotel. earls court had some nice restaurants. all in all, i was impressed and would go back to this hotel.	
Oct 18 2007 	Hated the towels and hard loo roll	Was a bit confused after using Trip Advisor to check out Hotel Ibis Earls Court. Reviews seemed good but when we got to our room we were sure I had got the wrong hotel! The room was small which was ok but the view was of the back of people's houses - not very nice. The bath towels were tiny, hard and threadbare. There were no toiletries only 1 tiny bar of soap. And the toilet paper...well it's been a long time since I've seen toilet paper lik that...hard and cheap. After asking if we could get another room with a view we were told they were all the same...I think not, according to Trip Advisor. We were given extra towels but had to ask for them every morning as only 2 were left by the maid. We were told they don'y give toiletries, face cloths or hand towels... how odd is that ...you can have a bath but cant wash your hands. The meal in the restaurant was good so we decided to eat in the bar area as we were going to a show...what a mistake We ordered penne pasta with chicken and cheesy garlic bread. The sauce was watery and the chicken was grizzly and a strange colour (grey). The garlic cheesy bread was not toasted and you could easily see the shape of the cheese slices that hadn't been melted. We are not fussy people but I was very disappointed and told them so in my comments. If you go to Ibis, save your embarrassment and take your own bath towel oh and soft loo roll... you wont get them there.	
Oct 18 2007 	Terrible is too good a word	Where do I start, OK yes the reception was nice and the people friendly, good start you would think, but no.We decided to eat in the restaurant big mistake the buffet was something similar to the services on the M1 motorway, very dry and old, all of it had been under heat lamps for hours.The bedroom was very sparse the bed was terrible, and the pillow was like a sheet of paper in a cloth bag, but the worst thing would be the noise, this is the second IBIS hotel we have stayed in and I am sure they build their hotels out of tissue paper because it is very very noisy, any door that is shut on any floor is heard throughout the hotel. All televisions can be heard.In my opionion it would be better to pitch a tent on the banks of the Thames and stay there.	
Oct 4 2007	Oh Dear - Ibis Earls Court (West Brompton more like)	Well the foyer looks the bizz, but its down hill from there! The room was ok, clean - etc as was the bathroom. Daily maid Service was OK. Soundproofing was dreadful! - doors slamming all through the night - adjoining guest rooms television clearly audible. Breakfast was a bunfight - pleasant enough food and plenty of it - providing you didn't mind waiting for what had run out - which could take upto 10 mins just for the egg. The Menu deals where very poor quality - bland and with no imagination. The Kebab Shop near the Hotel offered great value, tasty, fresh food thankfully! The Hotel Bar was more like something you would find at Butlins - loud and too busy. The Pillows where like rock. The Hotel is much nearer to West Brompton than the Earls Court station misleadingly quoted on the Hotel Info. The Internet was a farce - it broke down, when we called for assistance we were, politely, told that WE needed to ring the telephone number on the computer so that WE could get it fixed and get our £1 refunded. We weren't concerned about the £1 - but I really could not believe that we were expected to arrange the repair of a service they provide -very curious.	
Sep 6 2007 	It ain't the London Hilton but it's not bad for the money	Wasn't expecting too much but was pleasantly surprised. Good location for Earl's Court, rooms pleasant but don't expect any goodies like; biscuits, soap etc. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast, at £7.95 was more than adequate and the food in the pub/bar was cheap, well presented and enjoyable. There's nothing much around the area of the hotel but the bar is pleasant enough. Great budget stay.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good value	Good value hotel, but not right in city area, however close to public transport. Closer to West Brompton tube station than Earls Court. Bus stop at the front of hotel which is ideal. Clean and adequate size with ok breakfast. Internet is 1GBP for 20mins which is good, but only 2 computers so a bit busy. All round good hotel and would probably stay there again.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good value and close to the Tube	Two nights with breakfasts at this hotel was included in our flight package. We were pleasantly surprised with our experience. The room was clean, a good size and bright. Budget hotels in London do not seem to provide washcloths - bring your own in a ziplock bag! Internet facilities are very limited (two computers in lobby) and early morning was the best time to access them. The hotel has cold and warm breakfast options. We were, to our surprise, directed to the hot, full English breakfast and found it to be delicious with good variety and healthy choices.Only two pillows came with the room but more were quickly delivered to the room when requested. When a surge protector of the wrong voltage inadvertantly blew the room breaker and we were plunged into darkness, a phone call to the front desk brought immediate assistance. Luckily the rest of London was not affected:)Access to downtown London via the Tube &amp; bus was effortless; the gentleman at the information kiosk in the lobby was extremely helpful. All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Jul 15 2007 	Pretty good for Lodnon	Having stayed in London on more than 50 occasions and read the reviews which were less than flattering I went with little expectation.I was suprised.As anyone who has been to London knows its incredibly expensive and not great value.The hotel is clean and comfortable and with a very good buffet breakfast.Overall was very satisfied and would consider staying here again.Just remember its London.Very expensive !	
Jul 3 2007 	Good choice for budget travelers	We were quite happy with our stay. The hotel was clean and in a central location. All the reviewer are correct that the staff if unhelpful if not indifferent. But you get what you pay for right? My only beef with the place was the mattresses. We stayed in room 715 and we had the worst mattress. It was very springy and you could feel individual springs as you shifted whilst sleeping. This might just be that room that had horrible mattresses.Other things to note are below--Location: 2 minute walk to the West Brompton tube station on the green line. About a 20 minute ride in to most of the major sights. There is a bus right infront of the hotel, 74 takes you on a nice meandering ride that stops right in front of the Victoria and Albert. Rooms: size was decent (but still small in comparison to North American hotel rooms), small television and clean bathroom.Free breakfast: our package came with the full breakfast in La Table restaurant. the food was buffet style with low standard eggs, sausage, bread, canned tomatoes and several choices of canned fruit. We stayed in london for one week and by day 3 i was sticking to the pastries and free coffee and orange juice.	
Jun 29 2007 	Would stay again !!	Although the people working at the desk weren't the happiest of people that never bothered me, I get cranky at my job too. It took no time to get our key and up to our room. We were on the sixth floor and the view was nice. The room was really clean and the bathroom a good size, the room also had alot of room to store luggage and shopping(which we had a lot of). The hotel was nice, clean and pleasent looking inside. A few things bothered me though while we stayed there, the 'communications' room only had two computers for the whole hotel and the first two nights when we wanted to use the computers to email family one was taken and the other out-of-order. The rest of our stay both computers were out of order, they also seemed to have alot of problems with the pay phones which there were only three and were also out-of-order about 6 of the 7 nights we stayed there, they kept having problems and cutting out mid-conversation. I would stay there again if I went back to London, I loved the area, it was literally a 1 1/2 minute walk to the tube, head right when you leave the hotel and the tube is just up the road- &quot;West Brompton&quot;. There was also a cute shopping area a 7 minute walk to the left of the hotel. Also close to the hotel was a convienience store, which was a big help because we would stop there for snacks and water before departing for the day. There were also some pubs and cafes close by as well. My friend and I loved it and I would stay again!	
Jun 25 2007	Never again.... Minging!	I stayed at the Ibis as i was going to the o2 premiere at the dome. I had checked it out before hand because my collegues were laughing at my hotel (as we didn't have a choice)When i got in the Hotel i was greeted my the most miserable people ever, i wouldn't say greeted. Nobody actually spoke English. I requested a room to smoke in and the woman on the desk just mumbled something. I soon gave up and got in the lift upto my 12th floor room. When i got in the room, it was tidy, and had a great view of the city (apart from when you look down and it's like the Bronx. Over in the corner, the carpet was mouldy. And i had heard of reportsof bedbugs at this hotel. When i looked on the bed there was a bug onit. I don't think it was a bed bug as it was large and big enough to see. The bar was way overpriced for the rubbish it was, though it wasopen late. All in all its not a nice hotel. I wouldn't pay 77 quid a night for it. Even if it is London! Travel lodge next time i think...	
May 22 2007 	Great Location for Earls Court Concert	We stayed at the Ibis for one night to see the Roger Waters Concert at Earls Court, It's minutes away from the Tube and minutes away from Earls Court itself.We arrived really early (9.00am) and were able to check in straight away and go up to our room. We are smokers so were at the top of the Hotel - the views were fantastic!The size of the room was good, the bed comfy and clean as was the bathroom.We didn't have breakfast so can't comment on the food. There are other places to eat in the area. The bar after the Concert was great - lovely atmosphere, friendly staff etc.We would happily stay there again, especially if going to Earls Court. All in all a good value Hotel.	
May 17 2007 	Good hotel for a one night stop over when been to gig at earls court	Me and my boyfreind stopped at this hotel on 29th December 2006 we were seeing Iron Maiden at Earls Court and as it finished so late this hotel was in an excellent location, literally 2 mins from the gates! we arrived at the hotel early after a long day looking around the London, check in was nice and quick, hotel was pretty smart inside, and the rooms were clean and tidy (only complaint was they had a smell of smoke in them yuk) bathroom was pretty swish! we dumped our bags and headed for the bar which was very cool, set out in an old traditional style pub, with traditional pub grub, which was of good quality! great atmosphere in there (it was full of iron maiden fans i admit) also some nice bar nibbles to help your self to. overall i would reccomend this hotel if you need a one night stop over for sure.	
Apr 13 2007 	Ok	This was a one night stay because I had to be at the Earls Court Conference Centre the following morning. It is only about three minutes walk from there. The reception staff were not customer focussed and seemed either bored or tired, I am not sure which. However, checking in went smoothly enough. My room was more than adequate with an en suite bathroom with shower and WC. The decoration was not to my taste, but for one night, who cares? It was gaudy!I didn't have my evening meal at the hotel, but I did go to the bar at about 10pm. It was smoky (roll on the smoking ban in enclosed public spaces in England in July) and there was a confrontation between two groups of people who had had too much to drink. The hotel acted swiftly and sent in the bouncers. They fairly gently got one group to leave and the other settled down.The breakfast was cooked and edible, but it was predictable.	
Mar 22 2007 	Fine	Stayed here for one night whilst attending a course in west London. Check-in was fine and friendly. Room was OK. Clean and tidy. It was on the ninth floor and had had great views across the skyline of London. I had the full English Breakfast and it was lovely - a nice start to the day.	
Mar 15 2007 	Great Location For a First Time Kiwi in London	I am from New Zealand and stayed at Earls Court for a conference I was attending. The conference was held at the hotel and I have absolutely no problems at all staying here and in fact would certainly stay again. Yes, it was basic, but the location was central, there were shops and markets just a two minute walk away, and with the NZ currency being at such a poor exchange rate, felt the nightly rate very good value for money. The breakfasts were not good, we only went to one breakfast session and there seemed to be hundreds of people huddled in like vultures. There were about 4 or 5 buses ready to whisk everyone away and the atmosphere was chaotic! We found a really cool cafe about 5 minutes walk from the hotel where we got a lovely coffee and cooked breakfast for less than the hotel rate. All in all, for any Aussie's and Kiwi's travelling to London, I recommend this place. A bit like a highrise Holiday Inn, nothing flash but the beds and bathrooms were clean, I got a room on 10th floor and had a lovely view over the Convention Centre. Its located just 5 minutes walk from the West Brompton Tube stop which is right on the main line, so basically 10 - 15 minutes tube ride to the heart of the city. Converted to NZ dollars it cost us about $210 per night which for the UK was really reasonable. Feel free to email me rowena@360.co.nz I would be happy to tell you more.	
Mar 12 2007 	Ibis as Ibis is... nothing special	The Ibis Earls Court is as every other Ibis: nothing special. Rooms were ok, restaurant not brilliant. Staff (especially front desk) not very friendly. But the rooms are cheap and location (if you have to go to Earls Court) is good.	
Mar 12 2007	Very unhelpful staff and horrible breakfast!	We were a group of 18 people travelling from Italy. When we arrived the staff was very unwelcoming but above all very unhelpful... We were not given any help while checking in and we were treated in a very unpolite manner. Rooms were clean enough, even if TV didn't work and there was some dust on the tables. Overall sleeping was good, it wasn't noisy at all! But breakfast was awful: it was very poor, with small variety of food and in an unsuitable place: the hotel pub! so we had to sit on a sofa to have breakfast, in a very uncomfortable position. Anyway, it is well served both from the bus line no. 74 and from the tube. Sorry to say that next time we would not sleep here for sure! We think we could have a more money valuable accommodation... Overall opinion: we were quite deceived.	
Mar 5 2007	Going back next week	I took my parents to London for what we knew would probably be my mother's last trip abroad owing to her health and her decreasing ability to travel. The Ibis was perfect.Staff were extraordinarily accommodating, including rushing to hold doors for my mother when she was using her wheelchair. We arrived early and the staff was so determined to be sure that my mother had a comfortable room as soon as possible that we were upgraded to a suite for no extra charge.The continental breakfast included with our room was plentiful and quite good. The full breakfast buffet was a bit disappointing, especially for the steep additional price, however just one block down Lillie there was a local coffee shop with excellent cheap breakfasts, that was equally accommodating with a disabled patron (my mother).The suite was clean and neat, as was the bathroom. No complaints there, or about our heavily used electric kettle and coffee and tea -- we ran low but when we called for more, we were quite lavishly supplied.We did not eat at the hotel except for some breakfasts and for some local takeaway, but local restaurants are reasonable and their food is good. I recommend the breakfast place on Lillie across North End Road, the fish and chips takeaway around the corner on North End, and the local pub, The Goose, which had decent hard cider and a good menu. My father, in his 70's, said that the food there proved to him that the English could make a better burger than Americans. As a vegetarian, I found plenty of food in the neighborhood when we weren't going around town.Additionally, North End Road has anything you could need as a traveler -- a Superdrug at the hotel corner, a Tesco Express supermarket, and a WH Smith just a bit further down by a Boots pharmacy, not to mention morning produce stands as well as all the takeaway. Not luxury shopping, but those things in walking distance that make a stay of several days or a week much more comfortable. With the tube stop just down a block, the museums, theaters, and better shopping are close at hand anyway.I'm leaving for a week's stay in London at the end of this week, and I took pains to be rebooked at the Ibis.	
Feb 20 2007	Do not worry- It's perfect!	First of all I spent over 2/3 weeks trying to find a hotel in London that had pretty much good reviews from everyone on this website - hard to find! However, I travelled to London from Dublin as a single female traveller from Dec 2 to 7 and stayed at the Ibis. Room was spotlessly clean, bathroom just newly fully refurbished and shower as powerful as you wanted. Lovely staff, lovely bar and restaurant aswell - buffet breakfast was included and the room charge was at a very reasonable rate - hotel was literally 3 mins walk from Underground station, which I did walk on my own coming back from West End Shows at 11pm ish - always felt safe - for a wee Irish girl that had never been to London before in all my 36 years it was a brilliant trip from start to finish. I flew into Stanstead so got express to Victoria station, down the steps and onto the tube to my stop! I would def stay here again!	
Feb 7 2007	Would Go Back!	I travel quite a bit and usually with a travel company, as a group. They booked this hotel for us and the whole group stayed here. My mother in law and I were roomies. Our room was on the fifth floor and was absolutely spotless and everything in it was brand new. We also found the staff to be quite pleasant. We ate breakfast in the restaurant each morning and the food was just fine. I had read the reviews from this site before we had departed and feared staying there because of the ones I had read where not, shall we say, complimentary. I was really scared of the bad service and cleaniness issues. After being there, I can only hope to say that either the people who wrote those reviews were either very spoiled and used to being waited on hand and foot, or, the hotel read them and did some major updating with staff and rooms...the outcome is two thumbs up! I would definitely stay there again. And, it is only a five minute walk to the West Brompton metro station, plus, the bus station pick up and drop off is right outside the front of the hotel.	
Dec 13 2006 	The hotel is infested with bed-bugs!	My pregnant wife returned from a stay in London covered in bed -bug bites. I understand that this could potentially be an issue in cheaper hotels but what was inexcusable was the managements reaction. Basically none whatsoever. Despite being very polite and aware of the problem there was no follow up. We have not been contacted personally despite multiple attempts to talk to management. I am guessing that they believe that by ignoring the problem it will go away. I also imagine that they feel that we could have very little impact on their business and that the fix would be too expensive. We are both pretty angry at this treatment and will never stay at an Ibis again. We are trying to contact Health authorities as well to lodge a formal complaint. Andrew	
Dec 11 2006 	Clean and neat	I stayed at this hotel 4-8 of December as a single female business traveller. The twin room was spacious for being british and clean. The walls are paper thin (bring ear plugs) but otherwise I definitely recommend the hotel if you need to stay in the Earl's Court/Olympia area.10-15 minutes walk from Olympia Exhibition Hall and just around the corner from Earls Court Exhibition Area. 3 minute walk from the West Brompton tube station.	
Nov 28 2006 	Hard to find fault in this hotel	We stayed at the Ibis because we were going to a concert at Earls Court and it is hard to find any faults with the hotel. Staff were all very friendly and polite, the rate was good, room was clean, parking was very cheap for London £14 for 24 hours and we were able to get a space, full breakfast £8 pp. And 5 mins walk to Earls court, Also the George &amp; Dragon English Pub on the 1st floor was a good place for pre concert drinks and food and I was able to see the end of the Man Utd Chelsea match. Result	
Nov 21 2006 	Nice Hotel Clean Good Value	Nice Hotel, Ideal for exploring London. Situated about a 2 minute walk from Brompton West Underground.Room nice and clean, spacious, marble bathroom. Reasonable view. All in all if you are looking for a nice room at a good price that is bigger than some of the wardrobe like rooms you sometimes find in London hotels, look no further.	
Nov 16 2006	Excellent value for money	A group of 45 people stayed over remembrance week-end.Rooms in excellent condition---good sized bathroom and towels changed everydayHotel clean and tidy and staff efficient and friendly.Location-- just beside exbition centre-- two underground stations nearby.As a group we have used Ibis hotels in France, Belguim and Holland-- generally this hotel was better.Continental breakfast was part of our package which was adequate--for another £4 cooked breakfast was available.The George AND Dragoon pub was nice for few drinks.We certainly will use this hotel again because it must rate as best value for money in London	
Nov 15 2006 	Pleasant Clean InExpensive Hotel	Me and my friend who lives in Surrey (I live in Kent) often meet in London to catch up and have lunch or go to an attraction and make a day trip out of things and in June this year decided that we would meet in London for a spot of Oxford Street shopping, book a hotel, watch a West End show and then grab a bite to eat and head out for the nightlife and have somewhere to crash at night so we could get up leisurely the next day and then have some light lunch before heading home.We chose the Ibis, Earls Court as the price was very reasonable for London rates (I can't remember how much it was but I remember it being a great rate for London hotel prices and remember thinking it almost as reasonable as an average Travel Inn in my area). When we got there and checked in (before we headed for our spot of shopping!) the hotel was very nice looking and clean. The lobby was large and the staff were very friendly. Our room was basic but clean, adequate and nicely but plainly decorated. I can't comment on the food or drinks as we never had time for either of these within the hotel!The only thing that wasn't too great that we didn't find the best was the location but we can't really grumble as we should have booked somewhere more central for our needs. The reason I say this is the tube station is just a short 3 minute walk away (Earls Court) so that was very good- when we got there and checked in we went off and caught the tube to Oxford Circus to do our bit of shopping and while we didn't seem to be bothered about the journey out where we spent so much time shopping we underestimated the time it would take to get back from central London, Oxford Street to Earls Court and I remember thinking on the tube back 'Are we going to make this!' as we needed to get our bags back in, get a shower, get changed and rush back out to catch the tube back into the West End to see the show that we had booked our tickets for. It is only when you are pushed for time and on deadlines that you realise the travel time by tube into the West End isn't the quickest!But besides this it's a fabulous hotel- not because it is plush, posh, beautiful or top of the range- because it is what it says it is.As someone else said- You get what you pay for. Which in a way is actually pretty excellent to standards nowdays! I have stayed in expensive hotels and well-known hotel chains where they charge alot of money and been very disappointed as I have felt that the money I have paid hasn't really been justified providing what accomodation, service, facilities and food/dining I have been provided with. But this hotel really is EXCELLENT value for money and you really do get what you pay for- in fact it exceeded our expectations for the price.The rooms are pleasant, clean and nicely decorated. The lobby is clean and large, staff are friendly and the price is not one you could grumble at.As it happens me and the same friend are returning to London for the nightlife again next month but will be staying in the Holiday Inn, Mayfair (more expensive but alot closer and much more within the West End) and the only reason we are not choosing this hotel again this particular time is because of it's location and the cost of a taxi to get back early morning from West End is hideous to this location!My advice is if you want a very reasonably priced, pleasant stay within London and aren't bothered about being in the 'heart' of the West End then this is the best hotel about I know of. It is clean, friendly and adequate for a night's stay if you just wish to go out in London for the weekend and maybe do a bit of sightseeing but perhaps not the best if you have appointments to make in the West End and plan to travel by tube- if you can afford the taxi then great but otherwise it may be more worth while to pay a bit extra and get a more central location which could possibly balance out the cost as you won't need to pay as much on your taxi fayre.RECOMMENDED FOR- Family, friends staying in London for a night or two just looking for a pleasant hotel a bit more out of the way where you can get a clean and adequate room for the night with the facilities to have a drink and some food should you want to. Perhaps people visiting London for some long day sightseeing and things.NOT SO RECOMMENDED FOR- Friends looking to visit London for the West End nightlife as although excellent value for money- must be prepared to pay a large taxi fayre back from West End to hotel when tubes stop running. May be financial better/just as adequate to book a slightly more expensive hotel nearer to the centre for convenience.THINGS I LIKED ABOUT THE HOTEL-* Close to the tube station (within walking distance- approx 3 minutes)* Reasonably priced hotel (very cheap for London rates)* Clean, nice rooms (basic but adequate)* Friendly staff* Adequate lobby and facilities* Good night's sleep- out of the way of the West End noiseTHINGS I DIDN'T LIKE ABOUT THE HOTEL-* Location, location, location! (not recommended for people wishing to stay within easy reach of the West End in the evening)SUMMARYOverall our stay was very pleasant- 4/5 and we got what we paid for. If you go here expecting something amazing or a hotel you can say 'Wow, I really loved it!' then you won't get that but if you are after something at a excellent price range with adequate facilities for your needs and just after a bed to sleep in it more than meets the criteria.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great for the price	Bit worried after reading previous reviews. Not very appealing from the outside but fine once you enter. Welcoming reception staff who made big fuss of my 4 year old. We were in a family room which was clean and basic. One thing would mention was that it was supposed to be a non-smoking room but people had definitely been smoking in there. Pub was nice but can't comment on food as didn't have time to eat there. Ideal for Earl Court, Olympia and museums. Would def use again	
Oct 22 2006 	Clean and comfortable hotel - what you get is what you pay for	We stayed at this hotel because we were attending a very large wedding in the function room there and it was obviously the most convenient thing to do. When in London we usually stay at the Softiel St James ( which is owned by the same group as the Ibis) but you cannot compare the two and it would be unfair to. The Ibis brand caters for the budget traveller and for £72 for the room per night you cannot complain. I called the hotel before hand and was advised that the rooms on the top floor were the nicest and that is what they gave us. The room was not huge but it was clean and comfortable with an english queensize bed, two chairs and a table, dressing table and stool and good wardrobe space. The bathroom was small but had been recently refurbished and was fine. My only complaint was the size of the bath towels which were tiny and no hand towels had been supplied. I called housekeeping and was told they dont supply had towels so I asked for another set of bathtowels and they were brought to the room within 10 minutes (this was around 9pm on a Friday night). They next day the maid left us two sets of towels which I didn't think she would remember to do. Breakfast was hot and plentyful and it is served on a Sunday until late mornng. I would stay at this hotel again if I wanted a comfortable, clean budget hotel close to Earls Court, Kings Road and Knightsbridge then I don't think you will be disappointed with the Ibis	
Sep 25 2006	dirty dingy disappointing	This hotel changes its reputation by changing its name. We stayed there a few years ago when it was called the Paragon (what a misnomer) and vowed never to stay there again. What a shock when we were dropped at the same hotel, but with a different name. Oddly enough, we had overheard guests the previous visit who had the same thing happen--only then the hotel had changed its name to the Paragon. The rooms ( we had two) were dirty and dingy. The furniture was tattered, beds were sad, lighting was dreadful, and pillows were flat. The bathroom? I asked for a bathmat without mildew and their '15 minute guarantee' took 5 requests and 22 hours to replace the bathmat with a different one, which also had mildew. Another traveler in our group said they had unclean sheets!The lobby had been updated, the staff had not. Do they give unhelpful lessons to the staff?Check out--sorry, the 'fifteen or free' only works when the room ISN'T prepaid.Don't go to this hotel. EVER.	
Sep 9 2006 	Good base for London stay	excellant value for money. I have paid more for less. Well situated for the tube and buses. Room was clean, tea and coffee making provided. Although breakfast is extra, that was also good value. There was a good choice and plenty of it. The only slight criticism I have is the shortage of towels. I will definately be stopping again, but I wii just bring an extra towel- no big deal!!!!!!!	
Aug 11 2006 	Loved the 'local' pub	Have just returned from The Ibis Earls Court. Can't fault the place. Fantastic breakfast ... buffett style ..... plenty of it ..... hot or cold. Cereal, fruits, juices, tea/coffee/chocolate, hot cooked bacon eggs sausages tomato's hash browns and they didn't rush you in and out.The rooms are basic (as are Ibis hotels) but will tea and coffee making in the room was all we needed. We needed extra pillows which were duly delivered to out room withing 10 minutes.The bar .... the &quot;George and Dragon&quot; was a lovely place to finish off the evening and it was like being in a country pub.Really convienient for the tube and all connections in and around London. As I say basic but all you need is a base and this is one of the best.	
Aug 3 2006	Perfect for Wimbledon	Ideal location for Wimbledon, rooms on the top floors have great views, we could see the London Eye from ours. Basic rooms and hotel	
Jul 17 2006	OK hotel - good location for Earls Court	We stayed one night at the Ibis Earls Court this weekend. The hotel is in a great location for easy access to Earls Court - fanatastic to be able to walk from the concert and back to the hotel in less than 5 minutes rather than contend with the crowds on the tube!As for the hotel, from the outside it is a 70's concrete block but the foyer was a pleasant surprise once we stepped inside. Unfortunately we found the reception staff to be a little unhelpful and distracted (the girl that was serving us was trying to serve 2 other people at the same time).We had a room on the 6th floor at the back of the hotel, very quiet with views across London (although nothing particularly exciting to see!). The corridors seemed a little dated but generally ok.The room was very small. There was very little space around the bed, but as we only wanted somewhere to lay our heads for one night, this wasn't a problem. However, it may be a bit of a problem if you are having an extended stay or you have lots of luggage! The decor in the room was a bit dated but it was clean and there were no odd smells.The bathroom was clean and also a better standard than the bedroom - I think it may have been recently refurbished? There was a slight shortage of towels but nothing really wrong with the bathroom.We had a quick bite to eat in &quot;The George and Dragon&quot; - nothing special, but edible. Service was ok.We paid £80 for the room, which was a bit much but the advertised rate in the room was £63 per night at the weekend, which seemed reasonable.All in all, a basic hotel - don't expect anything out of the ordinary!	
Jun 6 2006	Not to usual Ibis high standard	I booked the Ibis Earls Court as I was at a concert at RAH. I have stayed at two other Ibis'this year, Manchester&amp; Cardiff. This was the worst one. I was very disappointed with the room. The usual standard is ultra modern, simple concept with good use of space. The bathrooms are usually fabulous with a walk in shower. unfortunately this was not the case here. The room looked tired. I changed rooms as originally I was on 12th floor which 3 floors have been kept as Paragon style. The bathroom was old fashioned with a bath.&amp; room was not as clean as it could be. The receptionists or concierge were not great. There is a cafe in the foyer which I never saw open. There were no bowls at breakfast. The second morning I thought that I would take advantage of the later breakfast, only to find the cafe closed at 11.40am, when should have been serving until 12 noon. when I mentioned this to the receptionist, she rang upstairs to find out &amp; was told that someone would have made up a small tray, hardly what it was advertising. My key card failed 10 times, not funny when having to go downstairs on each occasion. There was no offer to give me a fresh card.I was told eventually that they were having technical problems but did not know when these would be resolved.I was very disappointed with this Ibis, has not been refurbished well enough to be classed as under the Ibis umbrella.	
May 29 2006	Good Value	After reading some of the reviews here I had my doubts about staying here but they were unfounded.We had a room on the 8th floor which looked as if it had been refurbished recently. The bathroom was spotless and very fresh. The bedroom was clean with a good newish looking carpet. There was a TV, coffee/tea facilities and great view over Chelsea's football stadium.Food was good and reasonably priced. We had breakfast - good selection and help yourself, a bar lunch in the George &amp; Dragon - good but took a wee bit of time between ordering and serving and an evening dinner in the restaurant, alacarte which again was good.I found the staff to be helpful and the hotel is ideally situated just 3 or 4 minutes walk from West Brompton tube station.On the whole I felt the hotel offered good value for money and I would stay here again.	
May 26 2006	Great location	I really cannot say anything bad about this hotel, my wife and 1yr old daughter had a great 2 night stay here. We were on the 7th floor so had great views over London, we had a very agreeable breakfast and a lovely dinner in the 'George Pub'. With secure underground parking and a tube station 5 mins walk you really cant go wrong. The only small irriation was in the morning we had to wait for ever for a lift, so plan ahead and one of you go press the button!!!	
May 2 2006	Horrible	Hotels don’t get more ‘budget’ than this. Room smelled and the was staff EXTREMELY unhelpful.	
May 1 2006 	Mostly acceptable and good value	Stayed here two nights at the end of April with my husband. This is certainly not a luxury hotel, there are no big fluffy bath towels and power showers here and the hsopitality tray and shower gels are mean. However, our re-furbished rooom on the twelfth floor was a good size, well appointed and clean with comfortable beds and a reasonably modern bathroom. There was a TV, trouser press and large wardrobe. There was a good view over London and as the room was at the back it was reasonably quiet for a busy city street. We could hear aircraft noise from jets approaching Heathrow from 6am until the late evening but not during the night. The only complaint was that although we requested a no smoking room, I agree with a previous re-viewer that a strong smell of cigarette smoke appeared to come through the air conditioning system when it was switched on. This we found unacceptable and should be sorted out.Earls Court tube station is an easy 10 minute walk from the hotel and it is 5 stops to Westminster on the district and circle line. West Brompton tube station is even nearer. It is about a mile to walk to South Kennsington and the museums.We felt we had a good deal at £59 per room per night and there are far worse places to stay in London at this price! There is a covered carpark which is manned, the price adds another £14 per night but it is easy to find and not within the congestion charge zone.The continental breakfast looked OK but for cooked breakfast you get a cheaper, freshly cooked version in the cafe just up the road on the left. Within a short distance there are several reasonably priced restaurants serving good food which is a better bet than the hotel restaurant..	
Mar 29 2006	Just OK	Stayed here for one night in order to go to a music gig at Earls Court. Good Points : Location for Earls Court and Tube Stations Nice lobby area and reception Bad Points :Unfriendly staffSmall, dark, tatty roomsDark corridors, stained carpets, scratched woodwould i stay again? Only if i was going to another gig at Earls Court. If i was staying in London for a holiday i would choose elsewhere	
Mar 20 2006 	Really impressed	Stayed here for a weekend for visit to the Ideal Home Show. Excellent location for Earls Court, 5 min walk max. Was really impressed with the room. As we were on the top floor (room 1224) facing Earls court we has the most fantastic view of the london skyline. Room was nicely decorated and had a lovely bathroom. Really impressed with telephone in bathroom and even a speaker so you can listen to the television with you're in the bathroom! Bed was a little uncomfortable but can't complain for the money. Breakfast included was fab, with a wide varied of cereals, fruit, pastries, drinks and cooked food available till midday. Has a French style cafe/restaurant but i would recommmend the George&amp;Dragon restaurant/bar which is also in the hotel. Great food and great atmosphere. Would definately stay again!	
Mar 7 2006	reasonable budget hotel for london	I found nothing wrong when i stayed here recently in February staff seemed to be helpful. I had room on a high floor which seemed spacious and warm generally things were fine well equipped too the room was and en suite bathroom too, am surprised at some of the reviews on here	
Feb 15 2006	Ibis London Earls Court	This hotel is a two-star in every sense. Despite reading the 40-plus reviews, I opted to stay here because I was familiar enough with the Ibis formula, but not with London. Three other Ibis – Excel, Euston and London City – looked like better options, but Earls Court seemed to have a quieter location, and it did. The pub is pretty good but I was not impressed with La Table restaurant, not even for breakfast. And my room was not the greatest either. I asked for and got a quiet room on the top floor, but there were other problems. Although the eleventh and twelfth floors were non-smoking, fumes still permeated my room. The bathroom had a permanent moldy bad odour, not enough towels and poor water pressure. The heating was also not functioning properly. I believe the upper floors are somewhat neglected when it comes to plumbing and heating. Furthermore, the décor was drab and outdated, with carpet stains, ugly peeling wallpaper, and a questionable white stain on the desk chair reminiscent of Monica Lewinsky’s dress. The only thing the room had going for it was the comfortable bed and pillows (real box-spring mattresses, unlike foam mattresses at Novotel, which is a four-star hotel in the same family as Ibis). Yet, I put up with all this because the hotel was well situated down the street from West Brompton tube station, which provides easy access to the main central lines and stations. Also, the reception staff are mainly novices or transfers fro other Accor hotels around the world, and English is not their first language (they will pass the phone to someone else who will give you conflicting information). Finally, the Ibis Earls Court could easily move up a notch to a three-star hotel if it carried out extensive room renovations and fixed its ventilation and plumbing systems.	
Feb 1 2006	Great City	We stayed for two nights in January. On arrival the receptionist was quite rude telling us she didnt have any rooms available until 12.30, I thought checkin was at 12.00 anyway the receptionist who checked us out was very professional and mannerly. Stayed in a room which had not yet been renovated but it was clean and warm. Nice pub that served a range of food. Don't go for the breakfast, for the cost of it, it's not great and you can go across the road for half the price. Nearest underground station is West Brompton about a two minute walk to the hotel. Do not get off at Earls Court station cos its a bit of a treck. Overall had a good stay but would only go back there as a last resort!	
Jan 26 2006	Excellent value for money	We booked by Accor reservation online which is fast and simple. The room was well maintained (7th floor) and clean, not noisy. Obviously it is Ibis standard and kind of basic but nevertheless comfortable by London standards. Staff was effective and friendly, especially in the restaurant. Prices there are rather low, food is okay.Connections for Gatwick airport are good, West Brompton station (Southern Rail) is nearby.	
Jan 4 2006	Better than expected.	My wife and I stayed here for almost a week in April 2005. It was my first trip to Europe, my wife's second. We were on a budget so we looked for something affordable. Being my first time in Europe I expected something out of National Lampoon's European Vacation, a room two people could barely fit in with a sunken in bed and a shower with no hot water or pressure. I was quite surprised and impressed by the room we got. The hotel is minutes away from the Earl's Court tube station (very convenient)and in what seemed like a decent neighborhood, not posh but not run down either. The lobby of the hotel is very nice and classy and we had no problems checking in. Going to our room was a little discouraging. I think our room was on the 6th floor. Once we got off the elevator it felt like we were in a condemned public housing apartment building. The hallways were dark, doors scratched up, holes in walls, carpet torn, etc. I was a little hesitant to go in our room. But, like others have posted I think the hotel had just changed management and was under renovation. I was surprised when we entered our room. While it was a little on the small size it was larger than I expected. We had a double bed, which was clean, the first thing I did was rip the sheets off, pick up the mattress and looked under it. There was a closet with a clothes press and safe, a desk with a mirror (hairdryer bolted inside the drawer like another person posted), drawers for clothes and a small tv on the wall. The room was average, however, the bathroom was a palace. The bathroom looked brand new, marble counters, nice fixtures, and the shower was awesome. The water pressure and hot water was great. I must say the bathroom was better than ours at home in the states. The bathroom even had a speaker in the ceiling so we could listen to the tv/radio. The bed wasn't the most comfortable but it wasn't the least either. I guess if I had something to complain about it would be the pillows. The pillows were so flat I needed about three of them and still woke up with a headache a couple days. It was April so we didn't even touch the air conditioning to see if it worked or not. Our room was a little warm so we opened the windows a couple nights while sleeping. I didn't find it noisy at all like someone else posted. But then again, were a couple miles from the airport where we live so I guess we're used to any noise.The hotel restaurant was nice also. We had the buffet breakfast there every morning and had dinner there once. The food was decent and we had no complaints.All in all our stay at hotel Ibis Earl's Court was pleasant and I would stay there again.	
Dec 29 2005	Had a great stay	We took our 2 year old son to Santa Land and wanted to stay close by. The Ibis is just 2 minutes walk away. I wasn't expecting much from previous reviews but was really surprised.The staff at reception were very friendly and even gave my little boy a children's book to take home. They asked whether my son still slept in a cot and when I said no, immediately changed the room to a triple without extra charge.The rooms are small but hey this is London! They are clean, tidy and the bathrooms were very nice.We tried both restaurants as there is not much in the vicinity of the hotel. The buffet was just ok but the pub food was really nice and the tables had board games built in to the top, which was great for anyone with kids (or even adults!)The tube line takes you straight into piccadilly circus and the hotel held on to our bags until 8pm on our last day, without any problems at all.If you are looking for luxury, then this is not the hotel for you. If you want somewhere clean, and especially if you are visiting earls court, then it is superb.	
Dec 12 2005	great	we recently stayed at the ibis hotel for the rod stewart concert for 2 nights. the hotel was excellent, rooms were spotless and cleaned each day. the bar and resteraunt were good value for money and the food was very good. we could get served in the bar until 2.30 in the morning even though it closed at 12pm. the parking was undercover and at £14.00 per day was reasonable for london prices. the tube was a minuites walk away and there were a few bars and resteraunts and shops nearby. my only bad point was that there were only 2 smallish towels in the bathroom not even a hand towel but other than this it was great value for money.	
Dec 3 2005	Pretty good deal	We visited London last month from 18th to 22nd November. Our CX flight arrived from Hong Kong at 6:30am. We were able to check-in at 8:30am upon our arrival at the Ibis, Earl's Court.We stayed on the 6th floor. The room was small but clean. The bathroom looked newly renovated and it was very clean. The staff at the front desk was helpful and there was coin-operated internet access available.We chose the continental breakfast. It was not fantastic but there were different cereals to choose from. There was also the croissant and the bread rolls. Enough for the simple breakfast...nothing too heavy or fancy.The hotel was only 3 minutes' walk from the nearest tube station, West Bromptons.In summary, we had a good time in London and enjoyed our stay at the Ibis, Earl's Court.	
Nov 30 2005	good option	I have stayed at the Ibis for 3 nights.I got a room on the 9th floor - before I have arrived I called to check my reservation and ask for directions from the tube station. Unfortunately I do not have the name of the lady I have spoke with, however she was very nice and allocated the room while I was speaking with her. I spacifically asked for a renovated room, so I got a room on the 9th floor which I was told is renovated.The room itself is fine. just what you need if you are only looking for a place to sleep. clean bathroom (with a bathtab) the room is not big but ok, with good space for the lauggage and clothes.Staff at reception were all very nice and polite, most of them very helpful. good customer service.I had a problem with the heating in the room when I arrived which was sorted first thing in the morning.The hotel location is very good for those going for the exibition center which is just across the hotel.The closest tube is west brompton which is about 3 minutes walk. The earls court tube station is at least 10 minutes walk and as it was very very cold in London it seems like an hour. it is best to get of at west brompton although it is zone 2.Indeed i agree with previous review - slow slow slow elevator. the corridors on the 9th floor needs to be renovated. it look like the dorms abit.However, as I said, the room is nice and clean.Had no problems either checking in or checking out.However I do reccomend to call the hotel to confirm the reservation. I made mine on their web site and they could not find it.All in all, it is a good option for london if you are on a budget and not looking for a luxury hotel.	
Nov 13 2005	A very good place	I went to London last month. There was my first time and I was looking for a good hotel in the center of the city.This hotel is one of the best places you can go if you want to visit London: friendly people and very clean rooms. In a very inflated London Hotel market this is a good election (for the same prize I looked many awful hotels that I would never go).I only found a bad thing: anyone of the reception personal spoke spanish.	
Nov 12 2005	Great Hotel	I stayed together with my partner and my parents for five nights at the Ibis Earl's Court. I can't say anything bad about the hotel rather than praise it in any point.To start with the rooms: we had rooms on the 11th floor which were spacious for London. The room was equipped with tea/coffee making facilities, trouser press, hair dryer, TV (with some foreign channels, eg one German and one French channel). The bathroom had a tub and was laid out with marble tiles. Nice and clean rooms.The hotel offers a breakfast buffet with cooked English breakfast, cereals, different rolls, baguettes and toasts as well as pastries. It cost GBP 7.95 and was really worth the money. Try the orange juice, it is very tasty.The breakfast room / restaurant is beautifully furnished and is located on the first floor with numerous tables by the large window front (views on the street). You can also have lunch and dinner there (but we haven't tried).Moreover, there is a bar which offers snacks and different types of beer, wine and anything else you can expect. The bar is a mixture of different styles, comes with grandma style wallpaper and with bass hand rails and club sofas. A good place to have a last drink before you go to bed.Accessiblity is excellent, you can use either &quot;Earl's Court&quot; tube station which is not far away from the hotel (a 10 min walk) but has the advantage that it lies within zone 1 so you won't need to buy more expensive tube tickets for zone 2. However, you could also use &quot;Westbrompton&quot; tube station which is only few steps away from the hotel but lies within zone 2. We prefered to use &quot;Earl's Court&quot; because you walk a lot in London anyway so it does not really matter. Moreover, you have acces to two tube lines (District and Picadilly Line) whereas from Westbrompton you can only hop on the District Line. Right in front of the hotel is a bus station which we also did not use but I had the impression that busses came by frequently.Staff was friendly, can't complain about anything. Overall, I must say that this is the best London hotel I have ever stayed in and I have seen four others before.	
Oct 29 2005	It's o.k	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in september ,2005. it was part of a trafalgar tour. I had read bad reviews, and I was not really looking forward to staying here. Actually it was not as bad as I had read in other trip advisor reviews. If you live in north america like I do, It's definately way below standard for a hotel of the same class here, but so is everything in Europe. Of all the 7 countries I visited, it was the best of the hotels we stayed in for the tour. I stayed on the 11th floor, which had gone thru some renovations, so there were marble countertops. The bathrooms were clean. Everything was very standard, but clean. It's also in a good location with plenty of shops around. Overall based on european standards, and for the price, It was not bad at all. Believe me hotels in other parts of europe are worse.	
Oct 4 2005	Comfortable Convenient and Cheap by London Standards	This was probably my fourth stay here, having stayed here on Business a few years back when the hotel was known as the Paragon. Now the IBIS, I have stayed here twice this year, both times on leisure.The prices are good and the location is great. As we drive to London, and the Earls Court area avoids outside of the congestion charge; plus once parked up (£14 per 24hrs) you have the no. 74 buses right outside the hotel and two tube stations are within easy walking distance.The rooms are small (this is London!), but absolutely fine for a city break. The amenities in the bathroom are a bit stingy (tiny soap bars and sachets of shampoo-body wash - these weren’t replenished for our second day so be prepared!), but there's an iron, hairdryer, fan/heating and tea making facilities. We were on the 12th floor and I was awoken by a Jumbo at 4am ...! The hotels own pub is okay, lacks in character a bit – larges glasses of wine, but cost near on £5 per glass, so sip it!Nearby you are a short walk from the Prince of Wales (great food), The Goose (cheap beer), The Lillie Langtry (locals pub), a few cafes/kebab houses and the Famous Lily Tandoori Restaurant (the Masala is great!). A pharmacy is within easy walking distance too.There are no drink or ice machines at the hotel, so with a raging thirst in the middle of the night (post Masala), a (small) bottle of coke from reception cost £1.95 …It takes about 20 mins to get to Marble Arch on the bus.I’d go back, as I know what I'm getting - including a great all-you-can eat buffet for £8 pp, not bad!!	
Oct 3 2005	Remember your college dorm?	No wireless access, business center's internet is expensive and the network cable wasn't working. Internet charges are way expensive!! 9 pence per min is what they charge in the biz center. That's 1 pound every 10 mins. 6 pounds an hour...and you have to use their computer which only lets you open one window.Doors/walls are thin. 5 mins from West Brompton tube station. Lots of little shops nearby. Stroll to Earl's court exhibition center.Lifts can decide to do their own thing.	
Sep 25 2005	Great hotel!! : )	We stayed at this hotel Fri &amp; Sat 23rd &amp; 24th Sept 05. What a lovely place.We were attending a conference there so VERY convienent! When we checked in the girl was lovely (we wish we had her name as to praise her to the hotel) she asked if we were ok with heights and put us in a room on the 11th floor! Fantastic view of London!. Having stayed in 3 different hotels in London over the last 12 months, this was by far the nicest and friendlyest and car parking was cheap at £14 per 24 hours. All other hotels were at least £20 (if they actually did have one). The food in the resturant was ok but alot nicer in the bar, but then if visiting London for a holiday then you have the whole city to choose from. I would definatley stay again in fact i want to see something at Earls Court in April and thats only up the road a very short walk so i will be back for that.Lovely place!	
Sep 4 2005	Good place	London is one of the world's most expensive cities and it's hard to find a hotel with decent rooms and decent service that's not ridiculously overpriced. Hotel Ibis is reasonably priced (I was there with a group from my college) and you get pretty decent service. The rooms are small, as to be expected, but very tastefully done and were always clean. The bathroom was huge, but very little counter or storage space. The neat thing about the bathroom is that there are speakers in there so you can have the TV on in the room and listen to the news in the shower! The concierge was incompetent and there were some problems trying to get directions from the front desk on how to call the States. Breakfast was good, full range of foods. Near Earls Court and West Brompton tubes. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.	
Sep 4 2005 	A dismal place to rest your head in London	The Earls Court Ibis, formerly the Paragon, has a very attractive foyer area, with marble floors, designer carpets and modern seating..don't be fooled! The rooms are of a very poor standard, the hotel brings a whole new meaning to the description &quot;mediocre&quot;. As a previous reviewer has stated the rooms are under-going a renovation, but I would estimate that each room is being given a very limited budget, which involves a coat of paint on the emulsion covered walls, and air conditioning that does not work. The hotel is in a very busy area, which you will expect, however the windows are not double glazed and the external noise will undoubtedly disturb your nights sleep. It is a tired, dismal and lack lustre hotel. The staff are quite friendly and do their best, but their efforts cannot make up for the deficiencies of the accommodation. I will make every effort not to stay there again. I have stayed in many many hotels on business and leisure trips and this is perhaps down there with the very worst of them. You have been warned.	
Aug 4 2005	Great Choice for Value and Comfort	We stayed in the Hotel Ibis Earls Court in July 2005. We searched for value in this very expensive city. This hotel is located 2 blocks from the West Brompton Tube Station. Very convienent! The hotel was clean and comfortable. Our room was on the top florr with a nice view of central London. The hotel offers a buffet breakfast every morning, but be aware that it is not free. The breakfast is served until 12pm on Sat and Sun. I would recommend this hotel and I will stay here again when I return to London.	
Jul 25 2005	Good Hotel go for the highest floors	We had an excellent stay in this hotel in June '05. The hotel is undergoing a renovation, and I understood that the highest floors are being done first. The very friendly clerk put us on the 11th floor, in a beautifully renovated room with a marble bathroom. From this height, needless to say, the view was terrific.It pays to check a map for the quickest way to Earl's court tube station, there are shortcuts which can halve the walking time. For just 50 pounds, this was great value for money, we'll certainly return.	
Jul 19 2005	A payable nice hotel in a VERY expensive town!	I stayed here with my hubby for 4 nights in June, 2005 and will certainly come back. Our room was in the 5th floor with a view to the backwards, calm and nice. The room itself was small (but with all you need for a pleasant staying) with a fine bathroom (marble covered with a tub). TV and AC worked perfect, thank godness! London had a heat wave during that week! The staff was helpfull and nice all the time (many brazilian guys, good to hear some portuguese around!). Breakfast is very good: the breakfast room is a wonderful place to start the day, by the big windows; all possible things you may like to eat are available (from hot meals to fruit) and the best expresso I could find in London! The location is good, though not in the centre. The tube (West Brompton station) is only 5 minutes away and it worked fine for us, we came from Heahtrow and used the tube to go everywhere. Earls Court station is also not far, 8m walking throught the exibthions centre.Only remarks: the hotel doesn't supply a power adaptor, they sell it for £4! It makes no sense because many visitors need it and it's annoying to have to buy and bring it home. We bought one next to the hotel, first street on the left, £1.5.	
Jul 17 2005	You Get What You Pay For - or Less	Knowing nothing about London locations, we booked this hotel because it seemed close enough to mainstream London, and was the cheapest deal around for a &quot;three-star&quot; for the one night we were spending in that city before our flight back to JFK. The neighborhood wasn't bad, but had nothing to offer except good transportation; it was mostly residential. The hotel was another matter.The online photos showed a modern lobby, and it was. The room was a different story. The bathroom definitely was nice. I looked for the advertised hairdryer, and couldn't find it. I approached two hotel maids and found that they didn't speak or even **understand** one word of English, just Russian or Polish. Finally, my charades got one of them to get what I was asking about. She showed me the hairdryer - bolted inside the top dresser drawer in the bedroom! I never used it, but would have had to dry my hair in the bedroom. The doll-sized soaps were in plastic wrappers, giving them a nice cheesy touch. There were two bathtowels and no hand towels. Again, I tried to communicate with the maids, to no avail, so I went to the desk, where I learned that they do not have hand towels. At all. I've stayed in many different classes of hotels all over the world, but have never stayed in one that didn't provide hand towels.The bedroom was very, very small. The beds were hard, uncomfortable, with springs that could be felt all over. One of the pillowcases had old mildew all over it. The &quot;coffee service&quot; consisted of two packets of instant coffee powder. The drapes had a sheer curtain below it that could not be pulled open. Luckily, the lack of air conditioning wasn't a problem, since it was a very cool July day. But since the windows can only be opened a few inches, I imagine that it would be brutal if the weather had warmed up. There was no ice bucket, and I was told to go to the bar for ice. When I did, the bartender was completely surprised and confused by the request. And then he filled up a plastic grocery bag with ice nearly to the top, and it was so heavy I could barely get it back to the room. Naturally, the ice melted and nearly flooded the bathroom. The TV had cable or satellite, but this is a first: no CNN or any other news program. All in all, staying in this hotel was strange, unpleasant, and an experience we will not repeat, not at this or any other Ibis property. You do, indeed, get what you pay for.	
Jul 15 2005	Out-of-the-way but decent	My goddaughter and I stayed here two separate times in May/June '05 as part of a Trafalgar tour. It is certainly set up for the tour-takers, although I would consider staying here on my own. It's a 5-minute walk to the Brompton Rd. tube station and a 10-minute walk to the Earl's Court station. Unfortunately, when we were there the Underground was doing major track work which closed down the entire Circle line and part of the District line, which meant getting anywhere was a real pain. Also, I had a hard time finding a working ATM in the neighborhood. On the plus side, the pub down the street (The Prince of Wales) was very nice and had excellent pub food (stay away from the hamburger, though).	
Jun 29 2005	Some good  some bad...	I stayed two nights in this hotel. The stays were 9 days apart. My first stay was when i arrived in London to meet up with the tour I had joined. My first experience was so-so, my room was on a floor(6) under going renovation, noisy and the room was a bit worn. I think it hadn't been renovated yet. Overall it was ok as I was staying only that night.My second stay was was much nicer on the 9th floor. This floor had been recently renovated and everything was modern and clean. The restaurant/pub &quot;George and the Dragon&quot; was fine, the sever/bartender was pleasant and quick. The food was good. This is a &quot;tourist&quot; hotel with lots of people in and out, certainly not a &quot;destination&quot; hotel, but it does seem to be in a good part of London and close to a lot of the attractions.	
Jun 22 2005	Do not stay at the hotel Ibis Earl's Court!	I chose this hotel based on the decent reviews I found on this site, but after returning from my stay I must say that I highly disagree with most of the posters here! My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights in May of 2005 in the middle of a 3 week trip around Europe and it was an absolutely awful experience! If we hadn't pre-paid for our stay through Expedia, we would have left immediately and found a different hotel.First off, the hotel staff were not helpful at all when we first arrived and were actually kind of snotty/rude. For example, when we asked about where the nearest underground station was, the first clerk looked at me like I had two heads and said she didn't know (?!) and directed me to talk to guest relations. When I talked to &quot;guest relations&quot; (aka the guy next to her), he knew where the station was but didn't know how to &quot;best give me directions.&quot; So he didn't.When we arrived on our floor (7th floor) it was undergoing MAJOR construction. There was plastic covering the floor, much of the ceiling was uncovered, and the new paint smell was overpowering. There were also many construction tools just left out in the hallway for people to trip on. The hotel is huge, so we had to walk for quite awhile over this construction to get to our room. Under NO circumstances should they have had any guests staying on this floor. When we called down to try to switch floors, they said they had &quot;nothing to accomodate us.&quot;So we were stuck with the room they gave us which, by the way, was the smallest room we had during our entire 3 week trip around Europe. The room smelled like something rotten, the paint was peeling off of the walls, the carpet was stained, and the lamp shades all had major bulb burns on them. Classy.Now to the major fraud. I knew that only certain hotels in London have air conditioning, so I specifically booked a hotel that advertised air conditioning. So of course one of the first things I did upon entering the room was check the air conditioning. Naturally, it didn't work. When my boyfriend called down to ask what was up, they rudely told him that the air conditioning units had recently been installed in the rooms, but did not yet work. So they advertised air conditioning, but it didn't work.Anyway, there are LOTS of things wrong with this dirty hotel - the beds are made for people under 5'6&quot;, the walls are paper thin, the rooms are tiny, the garage has major leaks in the ceiling, etc. - and I would advise against staying here at all costs. Perhaps after all the remodeling is done it will be nicer, but I will never go back to see for myself!The one good thing if you do end up staying here is the nearby Underground station is only a 7 minute walk away and is on an excellent line that will take you directly to any tourist destination you would want to visit or at least connect you to that destination with only one transfer. For this reason alone, we gave this hotel a 2 out of 5. But that's the only good thing I have to say about this hotel!	
Mar 28 2005	wonderful view	We had a few issues with people have parties next door and the walls are thin enough that you can hear just about everything, including coughing and sneezing. There was no water pressure on the 12 floor. However, the service was wonderful and everyone was nice and helpful. Because we were so high up we had a marvelous view of the city and could see the London Eye (Ferris Wheel) and Big Ben and other majestic buildings that we didn't have the time to figure out what they were. And since we were there at Easter the staff gave us Easter bunnies! One last note: we had to get up early our last morning and had a little issue getting a taxi. Make sure a staff member calls for one as the street is not extremely well travelled.	
Feb 27 2005	Nice Hotel Great Room Great Price	Favorable Attributes------------------------* Friendly Staff, Attentive, Helpful, Willing to Answer All Questions* Larger Rooms than Most London Hotels, Rooms like American Hotels* Great Marble Bathroom, Modern* Generally Large Hotel * 5 Mins Away from Tube* Great RatesAttributes that Need a Little Work---------------------------------------* Not Extrodinarily New, Could use a Little Updating* Location not too Close to the Heart of London, but not too Far Out* Caters more to Convention Attendees due to proximity to a Convention  Center* Lobby Telephones will not take Telephone CardsOverall, a great alternative to pricey London hotels, especially if you are looking for a hotel with large rooms and do not mind that it is not in the center of London.	
Feb 17 2005	Good	Just back from a weekend in London (2 nights). The Ibis London Earls Court was good. It has an excellent buffet breakfast. The rooms are small but clean, and comfortable, bathroom too. Our room was unfortunately smelly of smoke. We didn’t complain it to the front desk because we thought it’d go away, but it didn’t happen. We slept on the 11th floor but we had no problem with noise from the sky as another writer.You can leave your luggage in their luggage room the day you’re leaving at no charge. From Heathrow airport is 35 minutes with the tube. Internet in the lobby is working with coins, 9 pennies per minutes. Earls Court tube is just 5 minutes away and is on lines, Piccadilly and District. Remember to get off at the Warwick Road end of the Earls Court tube station, though, not the Earls Court Road side. If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in London we would recommend it.	
Feb 5 2005	Beware	Nice room but on top floor not realising that it was on Heathrows flight path so jumbos were going over all the time. Had a lowsy nights sleep.On the other hand, the breakfast was great.Would probably not stay here again due to the noise level though.	
Jan 2 2005	Great Place to stay!	This was the most bang for your buck hotel that we stayed in. The hotel is undergoing upgrades, mostly in the hallways to the rooms, but the rooms are ok. We booked 2 single rooms, but they were not adjoining and we have a 7 &amp; 8 year old, so they upgraded us to a suite. It looked almost as good as the suite in Paris we stayed in at the California on Rue de Berri. It was huge (by any standards) and had what looked like a recently upgraded marble bathroom with a bidet. We had stayed here previously when it was the Paragon and came back because of the awesome fish &amp; chips shop 1 block away. We were pleasantly surprised by the upgrades. How to get to the authentic fish and chips shop (Lighthouse fish bar and restaurant) is: Step out of the front doors, turn left. Go to the first right at the light, it is the 3rd or 4th shop on your right. It is the BEST! You cannot go to London and not go there! I have had others that were o.k., but this one was the best. Out of 2 times in London, I have eaten here at least 12 times. The next best thing about the Ibis is the tube station to everywhere is 2 blocks to the right and the 74 bus (double-decker) is across the street, although we walked from Harrod's (about 20 minutes). The neighborhood is nice and has lots of sights to see if you like to explore. The hotel food is bland and expensive, there are good places to eat to the right of the hotel. To sum it up, the hotel is a 3-star, but you will most likely have a 5-star experience.	
Dec 28 2004	We'd Stay Here Again	The staff was excellent, very helpful. We needed a doctor and they called one to come to the hotel, and then kept us informed when he was unavoidably delayed. Also, they helped us when we were in a pinch with getting some forms printed to get a lost passport replaced. The only reason I didn't rate this hotel as Excellent is because some people (like me) will find the beds to be rather stiff; but other people (like my husband) won't mind that at all. The rooms were small by most American standards, but it was by no means uncomfortable (and my husband and I are big people). In fact, space was used very well. You can get a less expensive meal (breafast, lunch, or dinner) at one of the restaurants or pubs nearby. There is also a laundry/dry cleaning place only a block away -- it will take a couple of days to get your laundry back, but it's a lot less expensive than the hotel's cleaners. It's only a short walk to a Tube station, and a mere 10 minute walk from the only 24-hour pharmacy in the country. It's a very convenient location, and an excellent hotel for the price.	
Dec 14 2004	Not a great welcome but room OK	The Ibis Earls Court was OK. I stayed there for one night on 12th December and would go again just for a brief stay. The hotel is fairly priced for its location - Earls Court tube is just 5 mins away and is on 2 great lines - Piccadilly and District - which will get you pretty much anywhere in London. Remember to get off at the Warwick Road end of the Earls Court tube station, though, not the Earls Court Road side!The hotel was simple and pretty much what you would expect for 70 GBP in London. My room was huge; nice marble bathroom with decent shower, TV, quite saggy bed, rips in net curtains - it used to be the Paragon hotel so I guessed a lot of stuff had been taken on from there. In all, the room was OK. It would have been nice to have had heating controls but there were none. There was a charge to call the restaurant from your room, which I thought was a bit steep, and they didn't have &quot;room service&quot; as such - at least, there was no information in the room about it that I could see - I think you could order &quot;light snacks&quot; or something, but it wasn't clear.So - the good points:InexpensiveGood location - not the best ever, but pretty convenientLarge roomReally pleasant staff in the &quot;snack&quot; bar - they were very helpful and welcomingNow the bad points:The staff on the front desk were unwelcoming and not very attentive.I had asked for a non-smoking room but was told that it was a smoking room - they didn't even try to apologise! They seemed more interested in fixing their stapler than looking after their guests while I was waiting. I imagine this is not always the case and I was only there for one night but I really felt that it let the hotel down in what is otherwise a pretty OK place to stay. My final thoughts: a great place to take groups. I was pretty much the only &quot;single&quot; person staying there! The hotel definitely has a &quot;group&quot; atmosphere and is a good &quot;budget&quot; hotel. Sort out your front desk, Ibis!	
Oct 25 2004	Perfectly acceptable London choice	We recently spent three weeks in Europe, from September 21 through October 12. See my other reviews of the Hotel Alimandi in Rome, the La Fortezza in Florence, the Hotel Bernardi in Venice, and the Libertel Austerlitz in Paris. The fifth stop on our European trip was for six days in London at the Ibis Earl's Court on Lillie Road.This is an Accor Hotel with a split rate, as of this writing, of 79.95 Great British Pounds on Monday through Thursday and $69.95 GBP on Friday through Sunday. It's a contemporary 12-story building, very popular with mid-level businesspersons. A busy place. It used to be the Paragon Hotel before Accor bought it. It's located in the pleasant Earl's Court neighborhood, across the street from a gleaming new office tower and the Earl's Court One and Two arenas, where home shows and ice shows and the like are held. There is great bus service, a number of choices, and the #74 double decker is a virtual tour bus of the best of London. It goes all the way to Hyde Park. There is also the West Brompton Tube stop and a British Rail stop in the same building a few minutes walk up Lillie Road. The British Rail elevator tower was dedicated by former actress Glenda Jackson, now a Minister of Parliament in the House Of Commons.The Prince Of Wales pub is also a few minutes away and it offered terrific pub food and Football (soccer) on the telly. The roast lamb with peas, potatoes, biscuits and gravy was top-notch. There are newsstands and small neighborhood groceries in the area, and you are about a 15-minute walk from a 24-hour American style supermarket with plenty of choices like pharmacy items, and beauty care supplies, and film, and take-out food. The rooms in the hotel were basic, not large, and were very clean. The sheets were clean and the towels fresh. The bathroom was a good size with a good shower, albeit the shower is tricky to operate. You have to turn a washer to get the spray. Old-style from the old Paragon days that needs updating. The only true negative is that the sink has separate faucets for hot and cold water and trust me, the hot water is incredibly hot. Be careful. The maid service was proficient. The rooms are not air conditioned, but since this was Autumn, the weather was cool and the A/C was not a factor. There are steam radiators for heat in colder weather.There is a huge staff at the front desk of the Ibis Earl's Court and even a Concierge. The breakfast is extra at 7.95 GBP and there's quite a bit to eat including corn bread, beans (like pork and beans), bangers (sausages), yogurts, fruits like pineapple slices and fruit salad, scrambled eggs (a tad runny), toast, numerous cereals, coffee, tea, milk, juice, bacon, potatoes, and green beans or peas and carrots. The restaurant also has a full-service restaurant, but we did not use it. A cheaper breakfast is available with less items for late risers (after 10 a.m.).The four elevators were always in working order, although the computer in the business center was overpriced at 3 pounds an hour and was down for most of our six-day stay.When you exit the Ibis Earl's Court and you want to stroll, turn right - not left - and go up Lillie Road to Warwick Road (to get to the supermarket) or to Earl's Court Road (about 10-12 minutes walk) if you want to see a terrific London residential and commercial area. There are restaurants of every stripe (including American fast food joints), currency exchange places, gift shops, internet cafes, bars appealing to all types, classic pubs, coffee and pastry shops, grocery stores like Marks and Spencer and Somerfields, boutiques, the Earl's Court Tube Station, news shops, and the like. The Ibis Earl's Court is comparable to a Holiday Inn or a Comfort Inn or a Day's Inn in the U.S. It is large, and probably could use A/C in the summer. The staff is efficient. The location is unbeatable if you want to avoid the touristy areas. I would stay there again, but would have to think about staying in the summer months of July and August. We used the #74 red bus and the Tube every day, buying a Day Pass for our daily rides and adventures. Lillie Road is busy and safe and Earl's Court Road is vibrant. It was always fun getting off the Tube at 10 or 11 at night and seeing 20 or 30 other folks exiting as well, everyone walking a couple of blocks to the Ibis.	
Oct 16 2004	Nice Hotel	Spent 10 days at the Ibis Earl's Court in October 2004. American style hotel with 12 stories. We were not part of a tour. Can't comment on the restaurant because we never ate there. The breakfast was not included in room rate and was 8 pounds per person per day. We enjoyed the area, and found several nice local places to eat throughout the day at much more reasonable prices than the hotel. West Brompton tube station is just down the street, so access to downtown London is great.The rooms are decent, although the website advertises a &quot;powerful&quot; shower (I didn't find this to be the case). Beds were fairly uncomfortable, but tolerable. Housekeeping was very good and reliable. For calls to the US, don't use hotel phones, go to internet cafe around the corner, calls are very reasonable. The hotel gets a steady stream of large tour groups, but this didn't bother us much. The Concierge at the front desk was little help when we asked about local sites, tickets, etc.. He was polite, just uninformed.All in all, Ibis Earl's Court is an average hotel in a decent area. If you're interested in a staging point for London tourism, this is not a bad choice. If you're looking for someplace to cater to you, this is not the place for you.	
Aug 31 2004	A short note for North America guests	Stayed at this hotel in April, 2004. Generally speaking, the rooms are OK.But if you have more than 1 piece of luggage, get away from the hotet shuttle to the airport. Ibis hotel will charge you tremendously high onthe excess luggage. For couples from North America who get used to have more than one piece, take the taxi or airport shuttle instead. They will not charge you any.	
Aug 12 2004	small and dirty		
Jul 20 2004	ok for the money...		
Jul 8 2004	really nice hotel an above average Ibis		
Jun 16 2004	Good size rooms but no air conditioning.		
Apr 10 2004	Eeeeh it's OK. Just OK.		
Jan 10 2004	Worth the money		
Dec 4 2003	good size for London		
Nov 22 2003	Paragon was a nice place for a start on a honeymoon Trafalgar		
Aug 7 2003	Convenience and Value		
Apr 17 2003	Good clean accomodations conveniently located		
Apr 17 2003	??????????????????????????		
Apr 17 2003	?????????		
Apr 17 2003	??????????????		
Nov 3 2009	Simple pero accesible		
Oct 29 2009 	Hotel muy recomendable		
Oct 14 2009 	Magnifico Week End con Amici Monferrini		
Oct 2 2009 	Da tornarci		
Sep 27 2009 	???????????		
Sep 25 2009 	Locazione perfetta.Ottimo Hotel qualità/prezzo.		
Sep 12 2009 	Se non fosse per gli asciugamani ....		
Aug 20 2009 	Un gran acierto		
Aug 9 2009 	????????		
May 11 2009 	Non si trova proprio a Earl's courtma a west brompton		
May 4 2009 	tres bien pour un week end		
Apr 16 2009 	Très bien pour un Ibis mais beaucoup trop à l'écart du centre		
Mar 24 2009 	????		
Oct 8 2008 	Struttura valida ma il personale poco professionale		
Sep 17 2008 	????????		
Sep 1 2008 	No me gustó		
Aug 7 2008 	Excelente opción!		
Jul 22 2008 	Incroyable !!!		
Feb 22 2008 	buen hotelsin ninguna queja.		
Jan 18 2008 	Ibis a West Brompton		
Jan 14 2008	Réputation usurpée		
Dec 17 2007 	une confortable usine		
Sep 30 2007 	muy bueno		
Sep 26 2007 	J'ai vu mieux		
Aug 27 2007 	buono con qualche problema		
Aug 13 2007 	Hotel soso		
Jun 11 2007 	gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Jul 23 2006 	Posizione tranquilla e veramente un 3 stelle		
