Oct 11 2009 	Good clean value for money.	My husband and I stayed for 1 night after a trip to the theatre and the location was brilliant to walk back from the show in Victoria. The room was a 'standard double' and was just that-It was very light, airy, clean and tidy. The bathroom was compact but the shower was nice and hot and we had clean towels (that were even changed halfway through the day!) The bed was on the squishy side but comfy enough. My only real complaint would be the creaky floor boards so the people in the room above sounded like they were doing River Dance everytime they moved!! This was annoying but didnt last long once everybody was in bed. The breakfast was lovely, a fresh, well cooked breakfast with endless toast! The staff were all very friendly and smiley (even if not always dressed very professionally!!) I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for basic, clean accomodation and not expecting 4* for their £92!!	
Sep 1 2009 	WORST ROOM EVER!!!	We booked this hotel through wotif.com and thought it would be rather good. but no. Over our 6 week holiday this was the worst room we had! We had booked a double room but the bed we got didn't even fit two normal pillows on it next to each other. I ended up sleeping on the floor while my partner had the bed, we did not fit! The ONLY share toilet for 30 rooms was 6 flights of stairs above us and was almost always engaged as the toilet and shower were in the same room. It was always disgusting with hair and water everywhere. We got a swap of rooms for a night because our safe was broken and the room we got was fantastic! we must of just got the worst room in the place.	
Aug 10 2009 	Book direct with the hotel!	Had a great one night stay here. The location is fab for London as just a stroll down the road from Victoria coach station (and also within a short walking distance of Victoria tube/train plus the Victoria theatres). Since the main purpose of our trip was to go see Wicked it was fantastic to just walk back after.Booked direct with the hotel as it was the same (discounted) price as the usual sites. This meant that full english breakfast (delicious) was included - it isn't if you book via another site. They confirmed the booking immediately for a triple room, but phoned a few hours later to say there had been a mistake and would we instead take three single rooms at the same price? This was no problem (in fact a slightly better deal) for us and the receptionist apologised profusely.On arrival the staff were friendly and helpful - this continued throughout our stay. At 10.30am when we anticipated dropping off luggage two rooms were ready and they let us straight in. The rooms were very small and all had the same tiny bathroom (1 metre wide) but that's fine - no concern for me. The LCD tvs in each room with freeview worked perfectly and the beds were comfy. Most importantly, everywhere was spotlessly clean.This hotel was perfect for our 1 night stay - if we paid full price we would be disappointed, but I suspect the special prices run throughout the year. If you have problems getting luggage up several flights of stairs, feel claustrophic in cupboard-sized bathrooms or cannot walk for 10 minutes this is not the hotel for you - for everyone else I certainly recommend it!	
Jul 26 2009 	we loved this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel in room 2 at the beginning of june 2009 and found it to be just what we wanted from a hotel in central london. It is close to everywhere so the perfect location for sightseeing.Our room was spotless when we checked in and every day of our 5 day stay, the staff were always genuinely smiley and helpful, especially in the breakfast room and the front desk, they were always pleased to see us and asked about our day.The food in the breakfast room started our day beautifully, it was served hot and fresh and always with a smile with huge amounts of toast and tea with a full English breakfat.the hotel is undergoing refurbishments in the breakfast room and the main stairs, so it is all coming together nicely. our room (2) was spacious the beds were comfy and plentiful with bedding, I know the bathrooms are comedy small, but we are people who don't take ourselves too seriously and found it quite hilarious that if needed, you could sit on the toilet doing your business while brushing your teeth in the sink and washing your feet in the shower all at the same time!Our room was very quiet except for selfish others who think slamming doors is funny at 4 am, but that is not a fault of the hotel, all in all we loved out stay and will be back late August.Ella HansenBath, England	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location good bang for buck!	I had a great time in this hotel. Very cosy, almost like your own home and very central to everything (very close to Victoria Station). Considering the cost of equivalent hotels around the area, I thought this was pretty good. The rooms for a single are small, but again, you get what you pay for. I found the staff very helpful and as it was Winter, it was a nice, warm place to stay for 5 days.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good hotel in a great location	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The location is excellent, next to Victoria station, walking distance from the attractions and many restaurants/pubs around. I had the basic room with ensuite which was perfect for my needs. The bathroom was very small, but overall the room was big enough for Europe and it was clean. The staff was helpful but some could be friendlier. I could store my luggages on arrival and departure. The only inconveninct is breakfast, limited to toasts and cereals. But there's restaurants that serve English breakfast in the area. I knew in advance, but there's no elevator and I had to carry my luggages on 3 floors...	
Jun 18 2009 	Get what you pay for!	Stayed at Georgian House Hotel from June 16-18th. Had the basic room with no bathroom for 49 pounds a night.Here are the pros &amp; cons of this hotel:PROS:- Location (Close to Victoria Station &amp; Restaurants)- Price- Free wifi (If you can get it working)- Safety deposit boxCONS:- No Air Conditioning- Small window, cannot get fresh outdoor air- Lacking cleanliness- Very worn furniture and units- Breakfast is disgusting- Need to leave key everytime you leave	
May 21 2009 	Nice for the price and great location	Spent 3 days in London with my son in the fall of 2007. This was an excellent value and great location. Bathroom was very small and if a guest is above a size 2XL for men or women, they will not be able to close bathroom door! I will stay again!	
May 12 2009 	The suite is like to have a house in London	I've booked a room for me and other 5 people so I get the suite that is in the basement of a building not connected with the hotel receiption; I get the keys and during my 4 days stay I figured to be the owner of an house in the center of London.The suite is large and is composed by: the kitchen + sofa zone, the bathroom, and a sleeping room. 2 beds are located in the sleeping room, while 4 beds comes aut from 2 sofas.If you're lucky and you get good weather you can eat in the connected courtyard .In the room there should be available a PC with internet connection 24H free, but when i get the room it's unavailable so i get free access to the PC close to the receiption.The breakfast is &quot;continental-style&quot;, various and good. If you get the suite you have to exit and make 2 minute walk to have the breakfast.	
May 11 2009 	Convenient to Victoria	We stayed one night at the end of our trip in the UK. The hotel was very convenient to Victoria station. The room was spacious and clean. We were expecting the usual double bed (similar to US full size) and were pleasantly surprised to have a UK King ( US queen). We did not notice much noise from outside the hotel, but heard a lot of late night noise within the hotel..... footsteps all around and a crying baby across the hall. We recognize that the hotel isn't responsible for an unhappy baby, but it was clear that there wasn't much noise insulation in the walls. Overall, it seemed a good value and we were only there one night, so don't want to be too negative based on one night's sleep.	
Apr 28 2009 	I won't be returning	We booked two rooms here and they were abysmal. They were located in the basement area and were dark, gloomy and too warm. The photos on the website should be referred to the Trades Descriptions Office.The bathrooms must be the smallest I have ever seen, so much that when I was stood at the sink and leaned forward slightly my backside was pushing against the door (and I am a slim bloke). One receptionist in particular was rude, discouteous and unhelpful. I'll be charitable and put it down to language difficulties as she clearly had trouble understanding the point I was trying to make. When we discovered one room had no bath towels she told us they didn't have any and were waiting for a delivery the following day. Unbelievable!The web site says they provide free complimentary English breakfast but when we checked in we were told it was continental and full was an extra £3.50 per head. The icing on the cake was a 4.30am wake up call which we had never ordered - can't these people check something as simple as this?On checking out the receptionist didn't bother asking if everything was in order - she has probably been told the truth too many times.At £90 per night there must be better places to stay even in central London.Take my advice and stay somewhere else.	
Mar 24 2009 	Welcoming great location and lovely breakfast!	I was recommended this hotel by a friend also and have just stayed there and found it excellent. The location is brilliant - just close to Victoria but on a quiet street, and the room I stayed in was lovely - newly decorated, very tastefully done and had everything you could need. I found the towels were new and fresh and everything very clean. The breakfast was one of the best I've had in London too!...the sausages and eggs are really good. I found the staff couldnt have been more helpful - they were so friendly and efficient. I would definitely recommend it.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great for young travelers who don't want to stay in a hostel	This probably isn't a great hotel for families or if you're looking to get away on a romantic trip. However, if you are traveling on a budget but don't like the hostel atmosphere this is probably the perfect spot for you. It's conveniently located near Victoria Station which connects to the Victoria, Central and District lines which lead to practically everywhere you want to go. It may not be particularly up to date and the rooms are small but it's clean and the service is friendly and very accommodating. Just remember you get what you pay for – if you want bigger and flashier in London you’ll have to shell out the big bucks. This place is really for those traveling on a budget.	
Nov 10 2008 	Very pleasant stay	Recommended by friends and was not disappointed:Smart comfortable room, brilliant prompt service, lovely breakfast, very informative and helpful about the local surroundings and services. Great for central London location. Thank you very much.	
Sep 26 2008	Ughh-- nothing like the website!!	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Period!The rooms were so small (like smaller than the average in London), it was like sleeping in a box!! The hotel was run-down, grungy and in need of repairs. The breakfast was sub-standard and of really low quality. The bacon I was served was basically a piece of white fat with no meat... yuck!Although the staff were friendly enough, I did not enjoy my stay. The only thing that it had going for it was its central location.Oh, and the website is completely misleading. I have no idea what hotel was featured in their pics, but it was definitely not like any room I stayed in! so, go look somewhere else-- fast!!	
Sep 1 2008	awful and unfriendly	I confirm that the description of the hotel is misleading.The room was ridiculously small, only it wasn't funny at all to spend 3 nights there. The towels were grey and thin with usage and obviously poor washing, hence extremely unpleasant to use.The staff hasn't been friendly at all, refusing to upgrade my room unless I was paying the standard rate (which is obviously higher, in this case a lot higher, than the lastminute.com rate I purchased at).Avoid by all means if you can.	
Jul 31 2008 	Horrendous	We have just returned from an HORRENDOUS stay in a &quot;Deluxe Triple Room&quot; in this &quot;hotel&quot;!!!! (who rated this as a hotel? I wouldn't even call it a very low grade B &amp; B!!! ) Our aforementioned &quot;Deluxe Triple Room&quot; was in the basement. The deal I got (£95 per night) could only be booked by contacting the hotel directly - I wonder why???? I now know why - no agent SURELY would recommend staying in this run down, dirty, unsafe, smelly, noisy establishment. I also now understand why they deduct the first night as soon as you book - they know you will not stay otherwise. I really find it incredible that the powers that be who give establishments their star rating even allow this house to continue trading under any guise of a B &amp; B or hotel. They even had the audacity to tell me it was newly refurbished. I have never seen throwovers for beds in any good shop being sold - stained and stinking. The radiator was leaking. The beds were damp, the room was damp, sheets were torn, &quot;bathroom&quot; was a little closet - and was just horrible. I cannot describe how bad this place was. If you stay at this place after reading this review, then stay at your own peril.Also, the breakfast was inedible!!!	
Jul 27 2008 	Friendly Staff	I've stayed at Georgian House both times I've visited London, November 1999 and November 2002. Last time I had actually booked at a hotel down the street but after seeing it declined and headed to Georgian House where I was accommodated with a ground level room even with no reservations. The hotel definitely needs some refurbishment but it's OK for a short stay. The staff is quite nice, full English breakfast is included and the hotel is very close to Victoria Station in a safe neighborhood. Having experienced this hotel and having seen two others nearby, I would more than likely book here in future.	
Jul 17 2008 	Not what it seems	The website portrays the hotel to be very classy, well equipped and homely. We were quite dissappointed when we arrived to find the place to be quite shabby, No worries , I thought, we have an ensuite room. When I actually saw the ensuite (bathroom?!) it was not much better! It was nothing more than a temporary plastic cubicle that had been fitted into the corner of the room, with a shower with no enclosure and a toilet and small basin. You couldn't swing a cat! The only toiletries provided was a small bar of soap (you could purchase the shower gel and shampo etc for 80p at reception) They looked exactly the same as should have been placed in the rooms. Towels tiny. Room clean but the sheets were wearing through in places. Walls so thin you can hear everything. Really disapointing after seeing the pictures they have on the website, obviously taken at some other hotel.Breakfast????? if that is meant to be fit for Royals!!!!!	
Jun 23 2008 	I used to love it but no more	I have stayed at this hotel multiple times and enjoyed it for its price and location. However, I can no longer recommend it. On first arrival, the room key was missing and I was given the spare. The shared bathroom had been renovated since I was there in 2006, but the water pressure even by London standards was terrible. In addition, the switchboard at the hotel was broken so no rooms had phones...anytime I needed to make a call I had to use the phone in the lobby.The room key showed up mysteriously the next day after I checked in, and I was given the proper key. On Wednesday, our room was robbed. The door was not kicked in, and the lock was not broken...but our cellphone, iPod and Canadian/American money was gone. The hotel staff seemed surprised, but of course, the hotel would not 'be held responsible'. We checked out the next day (robbery discovered at 11.30pm the night before) and into a much better place.So, I can't recommend this one anymore. I really liked the place...but I won't stay where me and my stuff is not secure, and I won't recommend it to anyone else.	
May 11 2008 	nice room shame about the stairs!	Just spent 3 nights at georgian house hotel, 3 adults,2 small children. First impressions of entrance hall to reception a little bit shabby and same for stairs, however hotel under renovation and both rooms we had were newly decorated and carpeted so were nice. We had one room on 2nd floor and one on 4th so there were lots of stairs and no lift which was not ideal with young children and luggage. Breakfast was nice but breakfast room small and became full quickly, struggled to get a table for 5. Found it very bizarre that all staff were foreign, speaking limited english, as were most of the guests, we appeared to be the only english in the place. Hotel well situated for victoria station and for sightseeing.	
Jan 5 2008 	good hotel for the price	Nice Stay!We have been at this hotel for 4 nights last december 2007. The room was big with a confortable king size bed, but the bathroom was a little tiny, although correct. The main thing was that everything was very very clean, and the staff was very helpful. The breakfast was simple but correct, with everything you expect to be in a hotel. The location was superb, just five minutes walk from Victoria Station, and about 15-20 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace and about 10 minutes more to Houses of Parliament and the Big Ben.Perfect for me, worth the price for London.	
Jan 1 2008 	Ok hotel and good location	There were five of us traveling (3 adults and 2 small children). All and all we had a pleasant stay. The room was a decent size (London standards) and the bathroom was typically small...but we survived. The staff was pleasant. Its been awhile since we were there, but I do recall either no elevator or a very scary one. The breakfast room was nice as was the breakfast, but after 10 days in england we were getting tired of the traditional English breakfast. We were pretty close to most things and not far from the tube.	
Dec 5 2007	Not what's on the packet!!	The web-site looked very attractive and when I called, I was told we had a large re-decorated room reserved. 6 flights of depressingly dreary stairs with torn wallpaper and worn carpet later to an attic room which at best could be decribed clean and simple. Very small shower room - postage stamp sized towels and a bar or soap - as basicas you could get. Breakfast down 7 flights on stairs - to the basement- bacon with that awful white slimy residue, congealed egg, mushrooms kept warm for over an hour and grilled tomato that missed the grill - decided to give this a miss!! Fair to say - we won't be returning to this Hotel again.	
Nov 8 2007 	Awful experience then upgraded!	Stayed at this hotel due to being in London for 2 nights on business. This hotel was recommended by a Batersea local as he had passed by the entrance. It looks fine from the outside but believe me, that is as far as you want to go! However, on booking the website looked fine and seemed to be very very good value for that offered on the web. Arrived and checked in after a 3 hour journey to London, looking forward to seeing a show that night. Got to my single room and could have cried! A very small and smelly room with no light to speak of, shower terrible assuming you could get by the wardrobe to reach the shower room! swinging a cat? No chance and the plastic spoons were a nice touch in the toothbrush glass by the tea and coffee making facilities. I do not even want to think what the stains on the wall by the headboard were....I have seen much better university halls of residence!On the plus side I did complain and the reception was very helpful at short notice....They had just converted an apartment down the road 5 minutes walk and I stayed there for the night. Not quite complete but very clean and smelt absolutely fine. At 11pm I was grateful for anything! I did return to the hotel for breakfast the next morning but did not stay, say no more....checked in to the Victoria Thistle hotel for the next night and could not have been happier!I thank the Georgian House Hotel for changing my room for the night but cannot recommend them in any way. Need to stay near Battersea? Stay at the Victoria Thistle.	
Oct 5 2007 	Unfair play	We booked a twin room in the Bower House Hotel via venere.comin advance (3 months before arrival). Venere.com separates theBower House Hotel (by guest rating, by price of the rooms, bylocation on a quiet street) and the Georgian House Hotel (theguest rating is lower, the rooms are cheaper and the locationis on St.George's Drive) although they both belong to the sameowner and the reception is located in the Georgian House Hotel.We decided to pay more and to have a more comfortable accommodationin the Bower House with &quot;air-conditioning units, powerfull shower&quot;and located in a quiet Cambridge Street (according to the descriptionon the web-site of the hotel and in conformity with the venere.com)than in the Georgian House Hotel.However, when we arrived, we have been suggested to occupy a roomin the basement of the Georgian House Hotel with an awful smelland stuffy air (it seems the laundry room was nearby). We have beenassured that it is a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room. When we have rejected such a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room we were suggested another &quot;Deluxe&quot; room on the 1st floorof the Georgian House Hotel. It was a small double room with asimple weak shower, without air-conditioning, very noisy (we hearedeverything what our neighbours from the upper floors did in the toiletroom). Again, we have been persevering assured that this room is a&quot;Bower House Deluxe&quot; room. Since we refused to believe this, we havebeen suggested to cancel our reservation made 3 MONTHS IN ADVANCEand look for another accommodation somewhere around. We were notready to such an offensive reception and since all our complaints were aggressively rejected, we finally agreed to stay in the room on the 1st floor. This &quot;Deluxe&quot; room was different from a cheaper&quot;standard&quot; room ONLY BY a bottle of a cheap wine-drink. Next morningit occures that we have been assigned a &quot;continental&quot; breakfastwhereas from the venere.com description it followed that there shouldbe a &quot;full English&quot; breakfast. Both breakfasts were so poor and plainthat after tasting each of them we did not like to eat any of them.So, bewary to choose these hotels!	
Sep 23 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	Out of 6 places I've stayed in London, this is the only one that I can definitively say I would stay in again. The hotel isn't lavish, but I basically got what I was expecting from a hotel: a clean room and a comfortable bed. I booked a room on the top floor with a shared bathroom. There were 3 bathrooms in the hotel, which seemed to be enough, because I never had to wait to use one, and they were always clean. The location was great, just a few minutes walk from Victoria station. The rate included a full English breakfast, which was always served very quickly, and the staff at the hotel were very helpful, both before and after I arrived. The only downside was that there was no lift, but this was really only an issue when I was trying to get my suitcase up 4 flights of stairs. On a daily basis I didn't mind the exercise.	
Aug 26 2007	good value for money in london	I stayed at this hotel in London with my daughter in july07. We took the cheaper room, and had to walk up about five flights of stairs. The room was small but comfortable, clean with ensuite, heating and TV. The room was clean and the breakfast good value. I booked the accommodation for a double room for a few nights then a single as my daughter was leaving and I was staying on my own. They did not move me and charged the single rate, which I was grateful for. I would not recommend if you have a lot of luggage due to there been no lift. The location was excellent walking distance to Victoria station and bus centre. The local pub was just located in the street behind, and other restaurants a short walking distance. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Hotel Great Value!	The Georgian House Hotel is definitely a hidden gem in the heart of London. First, it is perfectly situated within walking distance (5 min) from the Victoria Tube Station, which is a great help if u need to see the numerous attractions scattered all over the city. The area is also a few minutes away from Buckingham Palace and Buckingham Palace road, which is filled with many great restaurants. Big Ben and Westminster Cathedral are also close by in the area. Also, the hotel is very clean, and the room we had was surprisingly spacious (considering the tiny rooms typical of European hotels). There is a computer one can use in the lobby, and the 24 hr receptionists were of great help, especially in booking tours for us. Breakfast was veeeery good, with fruits, cereals, toast, juice, jam, honey... and u could have your own english breakfast freshly cooked for you (eggs, sausages, mushrooms, etc.). Finally, the price was very reasonable for a London hotel of such quality, for only 70 GBP per night for a double room. Noteworty to mention is that the area is filled with hotels of the same quality, but this one charges at least 10 GBP less per night.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good choice for a budget hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Georgian House hotel in July 2007. We had booked in advance one of the hotel's basic rooms with a shared toilet. The staff kept responding to our e-mails and the arrangements were very good.The hotel overall is VERY GOOD INDEED. The reason for the three instead of four stars is that the room was not only tiny but really claustophobic. We have stayed in tiny rooms before and besides we could not expect any luxuries with 45 pounds a night. However that room has only a very small window and the roof was leaning over our heads. I felt like living in a shelter during the 2nd world war.Other than that, this hotel has a lively reception all day long, the breakfast is PERFECT (real English breakfast, bacon, eggs and all), and the hotel's location is also very convenient (near Victoria bus , train and metro station).One last drawback that did not affect us but is a drawback anyway is the fact that there is no elevator. Climbing the stairs of four floors is not an easy thing for erderly people.Marina - Greece	
Jul 4 2007 	Things are not always as they appear....even hotel rooms!!	Kingston, Ontario CANADAMy husband and I stayed at the Georgian Hotel June 14 -17, 2007. We booked it on the internet because of the price and location. The pictures of the rooms on the hotel website in NO WAY reflect what your actual room looks like!Our double room fronted on the road, which seemed to be used as a drag strip, especially on Saturday night. There was a small balcony off the room which was full of cigarette butts and a wet roll of toilet paper (I don't even want to think about that). The carpet in front of the patio door was soaked for some reason, I presume someone left the door open and rain got in. The bathroom had a shower stall which could use some sort of shelf so you can at least put your bottles of shampoo etc on it. Everything had to be put on the floor.The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the breakfast was always good, and the staff in the breakfast room were very efficient and polite.I would not stay here again in the future......	
Jun 9 2007 	Never Again!	I booked two rooms--&quot;a double and a twin standard room with ensuite shower and toilet....&quot; The twin was a fairly large room with a VERY small bathroom/shower. The double was a VERY small room with a bath. Neither room looked even remotely like on the website (they were pretty shabby). Both rooms were on the 4th (???) floor which is 78 stairs up from the lobby. The only positive is that both rooms appeared to be clean.I think the hotel website is misleading as the rooms are not as portrayed. I also had difficulty with the booking/deposit proceedure as the hotel ran my credit card three times. I'm sure it was an honest mistake, but instead of the staff being helpful about it, they were rude and defensive.I would never stay here again.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great location	This hotel is nothing fancy, but a great location. Our room was clean and comfortable and the location close to Victoria couldn't be beat. We appreciated the hot breakfast every morning. I'd recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good value!	
May 29 2007 	ok for a short stay	We have just returned from a weekend at this hotel. We had booked a deluxe room which turned out to be in the Bower House part of this hotel. This is quite a strange arrangement that meant that we had to walk down the street to get to our breakfast- not much fun in the pouring rain. The room though small was clean and pleasant enough however the bathroom was rather small and felt rather cramped-if you are carrying any extra pounds- forget it!!!. We had a nasty shock when we booked out as the website advertises a local car park with vouchers available from reception meaning that the maximum cost for 24hrs would be £16.50- these are no longer available and we were aked why we hadn't used the free spaces outside of the hotel!!--- We would have done if we'd been told when booking in- parking instead cost us £54 for approx 30 hours- BEWARE.The hotel is in a lovely residential part of London with the Kings Road/Sloane Square being within walking distance.	
May 22 2007 	Great stay	I had a great stay. the room was very clean but also very small. (single room). But that should be ok since you usually dont come to London to stay in your room all day. I cant say anything about the breakfast because I was too lazy to get up in time. I left the hotel usually around 10 or 10:30 and came back around 6 pm. After shopping and sightseeing I was always pretty tired. My room faced the street and there were some noise but I was too tired to really care about it. But unfortunately I could hear every single word my neigbors spoke and what they watched on TV. the bathroom was very very small. I'd say that overweight people can possibly not use the shower. But the location of the hotel is great. The area seems also very safe. The staff was actually very helpful and friendly except for one guy at the reception one night who didnt really bother about anything. Regarding London prices one should definitely consider this hotel. It's cheaper than other hotels and worth its money. Always try to get a discount on the hotels website.	
May 5 2007 	Modest but great location	I have stayed at the hotel 3 times over the past 6 years and things have stayed the same for the most part.The good:1) fantastic location - close to Buckingham Palace, Guggenheim, House of Commons, Pall Mall (all within 30 minute walks, 10 minute cab ride)2) great price especially for the location3) clean4) huge breakfast that fills you up for the day5) quiet and safe neighborhood6) close to Victoria Station7) Interesting, non-tourist pubs close by8) they will store luggage for a few hours after you check out.Needs improvement...1) staff attitude can be aloof2) common bathrooms sometimes need more cleaning midday. No problems during evenings and morningsWhat you need to know...1) Basic hotel. If you're expecting to be waited on hand and foot with all kinds of services, do not stay here.2) No elevators.3) Many B&amp;Bs on the street and from what we've seen on the internet and in person, they all look the same inside. Georgian House is probably the least expensive..4) If you plan to spend the day in the hotel, there is not much to do but watch TV and read in the common lounge.5) to get the cheap rates, you may have to share a bathroom or stay in the annex building which is a block away.	
Apr 6 2007	So so	First of all, that hotel is expensive, but in London all hotels are.I choose this hotel each time I go to London, not because I really like it, but because I'm afraid to choose another one, which could be much worst.The hotel is quite far from the public transportation, though it's 15-20 minutes walk from the Victoria train station, which is also the nearest tube station. The Victoria coach station is 10 minutes walk.A single room with shower is 50 pounds. They are clean but small and the bathrooms are in more smaller boxes that have been added in these old rooms.The included breakfast is good but fat (I chose the English one).A strange custom is that when you book a room, the hotel charge in advance one night on your credit card, at the time you make the booking.	
Mar 26 2007 	would not go baack	We had a basement room which was nice and big. 3 bottles of water in room which was replenished the next day. Only problem with the room was the voist damp smell.The staff were very unpleasant and unhelpful. I cannot understand how people would think the breakfast is good, We were entitled to a continental breakfast and upgraded for £3.50 each to a english breakfast, which consisted of toast, sliced tomato, 1 rasher of bacon and 1 sausge which was tiny, no bigger than my thumb! The second morning we had a McDonalds breakfast in the shopping centre next to Victoria Station. The hotel isn't really that close to the Station and there are no pubs in the vicinity other than a Wetherspoons which is in the station. We paid £70 per room per night. It was OK but i think you could get better location for that price and i wouldn't stay again.	
Mar 2 2007	Nauseous experience	The young man who checked us in seemed rather disinterested and didn't provide much useful information regarding our stay. We stayed in a Quad room which happened to be located on the top floor (at least 4 flights of stairs to reach!) with no elevator in sight. To our horror, the room had the most nauseating smell of paint fumes that it made our one night stay almost unbearable. The tiny window had only a limited opening, and was obstructed by large steel bars. The paint fumes caused our family to develop headaches as well as a particularly sore throat.In the morning, dramas were encountered at the breakfast table as the man who checked us in had not provided us with breakfast vouchers. In fact, the man never told us that we needed vouchers to receive our breakfast! This caused an unnecessary level of frustration, embarrassment and angst for my family and I. The situation was eventually resolved when the same man who checked us in finally accepted that he had failed to explain to us that we needed vouchers, and accordingly didn't give the to us.Not the most comfortable or healthy stay.	
Jan 31 2007	Deluxe is okay	We booked a Deluxe room and stayed for 3 nights. Were put in the Georgian House (not Bower). Fare with breakfast was 85 pounds-night for two. I strongly recommend that you stay in a deluxe room. Our room was more than adequate. Small, but comfortable bed, nice amenities, manageable though small bathroom and conveniently located, 5-7 minute walk from victoria station. Sounds like the regular rooms are too small and less comfortable. We liked it. Price was right and felt we got our moneys worth. I would stay again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Wouldn't bother staying here at all.	We stayed here on new years eve as the location seemed good for walking to the Thames and watching the fireworks. The area is very nice and quiet and we felt safe. I would, however not recommend this hotel for staying any length of time. The rooms were an ok size, but in the corner of a standard twin, was a bizarre bathroom that, once inside resembled a toilet you might find on a plane or train. It was tiny. The room faced onto the street below and the window did not shut properly, so we could here all the noise from the street. The room itself was small and smelly because of the useless bathroom and looked unkept. There was not a lift so, anyone with disabilities or a pushchair would really struggle!. There were also no fire escapes apart from the main door to the hotel. It is worth mentioning the breakast was lovely and the staff at breakfast were also very friendly. However the room was too small so you ended up sharing your table with complete strangers and at that time of the day, its something you really don't want. This hotel was just not somewhere you would want to get back to.	
Dec 5 2006 	I Always Come Back!	It's not a luxury hotel in the least, but it's better than some of the other so-called hotels in the vicinity. It's affordable for London and a few minutes walk to Victoria tube and train station. Victoria bus station is also close by. I always make sure to e-mail the hotel and ask for the student room. If you can walk up five flights of stairs, the room is yours for a lower than budget price. I've always had a clean room, and have always come back. It's London, and the rooms are supposed to be small people! It's a place to put your head down.The breakfast room can't be beat. It's one of the few budget hotels that serves a hot breakfast.	
Oct 9 2006 	Stay away	Once we walked in we knew it was a mistake. We checked in and went up our room. The air was musty , the wallpaper was peeling off the walls. Bathroom was tiny and dirty. Couldn't open the shower door all the way because it hit the toilet. We spent one hour there but it was so depressing we went out and found us another hotel.	
Sep 19 2006	The deluxe room was excellent	I live in England, travel to London for business and usually get great deals via [--] however, this was a last minute trip and I couldn't get into my favourite places. I paid £85 for a double deluxe room, single occupancy, and had room 38 in the basement.Overall it was good value for money- the room was clean, i had a queen's size bed which was very comfortable, and there was satellite TV and complimentary mineral water.The shower and loos were noisy, due to the mini bore system used, but liveable with.The room was clean with fresh towels each day. Full English was included in my room rate, but a bit disappointing as they don't do scrambled eggs and it was a bit on the greasy side for me - things were fried and I'm used to grilled.Broadband access at £1 for 15 minutes was excellent.I arrived a bit worried, but was pleasantly surprised.Oh, I got complimentary toiletries but some people were buying very small shampoo and shower bottles for 80p (the size you usually get complimentary from hotels) not sure what rooms did not have toiletries.	
Sep 4 2006 	Never going back there	Our recent stay at this hotel was extremely disappointing. It is supposedly rated as a 3 star establishment but in my opinion it does not deserve anywhere near this rating and is very overpriced. The whole hotel has a run-down feel to it. Our room had grime and marks on the walls, carpets and bed and there was a hole in the bedsheets (which were not changed during our entire 4 day stay). The room had supposedly been cleaned prior to our arrival but the toilet still contained contents from the previous guest. The &quot;ensuite&quot; bathroom was a tiny plastic cubicle fitted in the room with a door that didn't work properly and not enough space to even dry yourself after a shower. The staff were not rude, but I would not describe them as particularly welcoming or professional either.The room was nothing like the photos on the hotel website. There are many many other 2 or 3 star rated hotels in the area at much cheaper prices, so we will definitely be staying elsewhere in the future.	
Aug 30 2006 	DO Not Stay at the Bower House or the Georgian House Hotels - rip-offs	The hotel and rooms are rundown, extremely small and poorly decorated. The bathroom is so small you could barely spit, let alone use for normal bodily functions. What was described in the internet booking site and what really exists are miles apart. There are far too many other choices of hotels in London to waste you money or time at either of these two hotels. What a rip-off! No phone in the room (which at the Bower House) is a block and a half away from the front desk to call and complain about the terrible bed which seemed even smaller than a standard double. The mattress was awful! The room felt Dirty!	
Aug 22 2006 	Avoid this hotel	My wife, my son and I stayed a couple of nights at this hotel last summer. The room was incredibly small and overheated: no air conditioned and the hot water pipes made this an inferno. On the top of that I realized that what I was charged using an online service was more than if I had just walked. There were lots of similar class hotels in the area for less money.The service personnel were friendly, but the rooms are terrible.	
Jul 19 2006	Low value for the money	My husband and I, plus another couple, stayed at the Georgian House Hotel twice on our last trip to London, and stayed in a total of five standard rooms. Each room was different, but in general they were adequate and clean, but very basic. (However, we do not recommend Room 41 located in the basement.) If you're planning to stay at this hotel in the summer, be sure to ask for a fan - there's no cross ventilation or air conditioning.The hotel is a relatively long walk to Victoria Station, and is not quite as convenient as we had hoped.While we understand that London is expensive, and the US$ exchange rate is poor, we still feel that we did not receive good value for the price we paid for our stay at this hotel.	
Jun 7 2006	Not what the website makes out!!	Stayed with my daughter for one night at the Georgian House Hotel after researching hotels on the web.The website portrays the hotel to be very classy, well equipped and homely. We were quite dissappointed when we arrived to find the place to be quite shabby, with indifferent reception staff whos English language skills left a bit to be desired. When we arrived the room was still being cleaned by someone who spoke no english and was less than friendly. We waited on the landing and had a look at the communal bathroom that was extremely down at heel, mildewed and very grotty looking. No worries , I thought, we have an ensuite room. When I actually saw the ensuite (bathroom?!) it was not much better! It was nothing more than a temporary plastic cubicle that had been fitted into the corner of the room, with a shower with no enclosure and a toilet and small basin. You couldn't swing a cat! The beds were extremely uncomfortable and slanting down towards the head end so I woke up with severe neckache! The decor of the rooms was scruffy and looked as though a complete refurb was in order.At breakfast we discovered that for our booking only a continental breakfast was provided and a cooked breakfast was an extra £6 each. When we booked the website is very misleading, quoting info on Musk sausages that the Royal family order, as part of the breakfast, it doesn't say you have to pay extra to have them.Overall a disappointment!	
Apr 18 2006	Very good value excellent location.	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. First, the location is excellent. It is in a very nice neighbourhood and is an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Victoria Station and Victoria Coach. Our room was on the top floor, so we had a big climb to the top. However, it was a spacious clean room with a private bath. The staff were friendly and helpful. Even though we were supposed to be charged for internet access, they let us have unlimited use of the computer for free. Breakfast was very good. Lots of variety; cold cereals, yogurt, toast, eggs, meats, juices, fruit and endless cups of tea and coffee. A &quot;full English&quot; to be sure! We didn't have to eat again till dinner. We have recommended this place to friends and will stay here again.	
Apr 4 2006	Served the purpose	This hotel is great if you are looking for a place to stay and all you need is a bed to sleep and is located close to Victoria Station. We had a room for 3 people with breakfast included. We left every morning and didn't return until that night so it suited our purpose. We had flown into Gatwick and took the express to Victoria Station. It is a short walk from there. We had also booked 2 different tours with Evan Evans and they left from Victoria Coach Station so all we had to do was walk up there. The less than positive aspects of this hotel is that there is no elevator. Our room was on the third floor (64 steps up) so that meant that we had to drag our luggage up. We made sure that when we came in at night that we didn't need to come back down until the next morning. The room was clean and we were given fresh towels every day. The bathroom in our room was extremely small. The shower door could not open entirely because it hit the sink. We joked that you had to have a plan when you took a shower because there was only so much room to work with. The room was also not air conditioned so I don't think that I would want to stay there during the summer. The floor in our room also had several squeaky boards. The breakast that was included was sufficient. The staff was helpful although some were much more friendly than others.	
Mar 27 2006	Never. Period.	We booked a family room at this hotel through Hotels for seven nights 3/2006 for a Spring Break Holiday. The hotel is listed as three stars, do not believe it! Old and quaint is great for historic buildings, (they are held to restrictions to what can be upgraded) but this hotel is in very dire need of refurbishment. Needless to say we were very displeased and thought the hotel was very misrepresented by the booking agent's information and the hotel's web site. We were stuck for three nights before we made our own other arrangements and left.The other nights credit and the numerous telephone charges have since been credited to my account by the booking agent.The only bright spot was the staff, who for the most part was very friendly and helpful. The manager was very willing to work with us to get the booking agent to resolve the problem (she was also very frustrated by the agent's inability to get it straightened out in a timely manner).	
Mar 16 2006	Great place to stay (and eat breakfast)	My family had an enjoyable stay at the Georgian House. The location is great, and the very friendly, helpful staff were always available. Be sure to get the &quot;full&quot; English breakfast included in your room rate when booking because this tasty meal will fill you up: several kinds of cereal, peaches, grapefruit, several kinds of juices, coffee, tea, plus an egg cooked to order along with sausage, bacon, bread, mushrooms and tomato. Much, much more food than other hotels offer. You have to pay 7.50 pounds per person extra if the full breakfast is not included with your room. The rooms are spartan, but very clean. Fresh towels daily. While reading the paper in the lobby, I overheard several complaints at the front desk: but it was not the hotel's fault. One couple arrived to check-in, but the front desk said they did not have a reservation. The couple had booked through Expedia.com who apparently mis-informed the couple. The next day another man told the front desk that he thought the breakfast was included in his room rate and the desk said it was not. He also booked through Expedia, but did not have his confirmation paper to show the clerk. The clerk had confirmation that the hotel told Expedia that the meal was not included. I booked directly with the hotel via e-mail and did not have a single problem with the room reservation. When I booked, I asked for, and received, the full English breakfast with no problem. So why book through a third party? Also, they have handy internet access in the lobby costing 1 pound for 15 minutes.	
Mar 1 2006	Thoroughly enjoyed the Georgian House!	We stayed at this hotel 9 years ago and had a wonderful experience. Although this was our first choice, I did do research on some of the other hotels in the area and was horrified by the reviews of bedbugs, filthy carpets and overall nasty experiences. I was concerned that the area had declined since our stay, but we were delighted to walk into our Standard level room and find it very clean and tidy (and no bugs!), with a very nice tea tray. To us it was a perfect London flat type of a room which added to the ambiance of a stay in London. If you're looking for fancy or you're terribly picky, I'd suggest a Deluxe level room, which have a few more modern touches and remodeling. We actually stayed in both because of the way Expedia booked the reservation and preferred the Standard. It's location is perfect for anyone flying into Gatwick. Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and a 10 - 15 min. walk and you're there. Tour bus companies have stops near Victoria, and several tourist attractions and pubs are within walking distance. The staff was friendly and helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again.	
Nov 30 2005	Two Classes of Service	We choose the hotel and paid for it through a major online travel seller. The hotel was advertised as three stars, but the hotel actually has two standards of service. There are nice three star rooms that come with breakfast and there are one star hostel style rooms in the basement that do not include breakfast.I paid for a three star hotel, I had with me my receip that listed this hotel as three star. I was placed in a one star room and denied breakfast. I went to the front desk showed them my travel confirmation that clearly listed my room as three star, they refused to offer me the three star service and told me that my travel agent had booked me into a &quot;standard room&quot; not the three star &quot;premium room&quot;, when I reminded the front desk girl that my confirmation had three star service listed on it--she told me to take it up with my travel agent. The staff was nice, but quite firm that they would not honor the level of service I had paid for. When I asked abou the prices of a standard v. premium room they refused to discuss prices. Clearly, this hotel is working very hard to present their inferior basement rooms as some sort of three star service and then evasively placing blame on the travel agent for their &quot;misunderstanding&quot;.As evidence that the basement room is far less than three star, I have included some photographs. In the first you can see a sign that the hotel posed on the doorway to the basement stair that warns guests that the carpet is loose and the stairway less than entirely safe. The second photo shows the shower that was in the corner of the bedroom (no, not the corner of the bathroom, the corner of the bedroom) you can also see that the satellite television is quite small and includes only 4 BBC channels. Third photograph shows quite a bit of wood rot that is just outside shower. The last photograph is of the 1/2 bath that is on the opposite side of the room from the shower.Regretfully, none of these photos paint the picture of the three star hotel I paid so dearly for.***Please see below the travel receipt that I provided the hotel staff**Georgian and Bower House Hotel 35-39 St Georges DriveLondon, England SW1V 4DGUnited KingdomCheck in: Fri Sep-23-2005Check out: Mon Sep-26-2005 Reservation questions: -----For other information contact the hotel: Tel: --- Fax: -----Hotel class: 3.0-star More lodging infoRoom description: Standard Triple Contact: Mark Howard	
Oct 15 2005	A real bargain in a great location	I stayed at the Georgian House on my first trip to London. As a woman traveling solo and on a tight budget, I wanted someplace safe, clean, affordable, and conveniently located. This place delivered in spades, and served up a hearty breakfast that carried me through to dinner, too. Plus the staff was generous with directions and restaurant recommendations for someone who wanted to hang out with the locals. My only complaint: the bed was kind of lumpy -- then again, by the time I lay down at the end of the day, I was too tired to care. For everyone who complained about not having an elevator or help carrying your bags, all I can say is, hello, read the web site before you make your reservation! It's not like they keep it a secret.	
Oct 13 2005	Nice enough	We stayed in a double room on the ground floor and was worried we would hear everyone walking up and down the stairs next to us but it wasnt too bad. Considering we were meant to be staying in there other building (The Bower House) I was dissapointed we werent given a room in there. Our room was smaller than I expected - small and cosy but was good enough for my boyfriend and I. It was very clean and the bed was comfy, but the shower was tiny - you knocked your elbows on the tiles when you washed your hair! We only stopped for 2 nights and it was fine for that length of stay. I would have preferred a bath, but it seems doubtful that any London hotel has a large enough bathrooms to fit a bath in! Wasnt so keen on the english breakfast - £3.50 extra and you got a fried egg, 1 piece of bacon, 2 small sausages, mushrooms and tomatoes. Neither of us like egg, and my boyfriend doesnt like mushrooms nor tomatoes so he more or less got an empty plate as they didnt offer to substitute anything! Nice style building and great location - 5 minute walk from coach station and the room was good enough for a short stay, but I wouldnt pay the extra for a cooked breakfast, and as someone else mentioned, security is not a high priority there - the luggaue storage room key code is guessable plus you just ask for your room key from reception without having to prove you are actually staying in that room. Nice enough, slept well, liked the range available for continental breakfast and you cannot fault the location.	
Oct 11 2005	Would never stay there again-no security	We spent just one night at this hotel but it was horrible. I have stayed at hostels that are nicer than this place. Granted it is in a great location but there are a number of other options in the area. You are required to turn in your key every time you leave, you ring the doorbell to get in and say a room number and they hand over the key-no questions asked. The luggage storage room is ridiculous-it is a dirty storage closet with a combination lock with a simple combo. The closet is also out of the sight of reception. Also the window on our room did not lock-I felt so unsafe and vulnerable that I did not sleep We were supposed to get breakfast included in our rate but they refused it. The staff were either surly or completely uninterested. It would be better to pay a little more and stay somewhere nicer-with security!	
Oct 4 2005	Very disappointed with Georgian House	For the price we paid (45 pounds / night) we expected a small room with some problems. We did not expect to share a bathroom with eight other rooms and have to plan our showering accordingly; other B&amp;B's we stayed at had 2-3 rooms per bath.The worst problem was security. You had to be buzzed in by the front desk but could go up two of the three sets of stairs without the receptionist seeing you, and they didn't check. Also they gave out room keys without checking id, so we kept our key with us despite their policy of leavinhg keys at the desk when you went out.The had a luggage room for people like us who were leaving London several hours after checking out. Although it had an electronic lock, they simply gave out the combination to anyone who left luggage there. When we picked up our suitcases at 6 PM we could have had our choice of any of five other bags and no one would have known.There's a difference between cheap and caring and cheap and careless. We do NOT recommend this establishment.	
Sep 20 2005	Not the best...	We found the Georgian House Hotel through the Rick Steve's travel book and looked at the site online. The hotel looked nice on the site, so we booked it. What we didn't realize is that the Georgian House is one of at least 20 budget hotels all to be found in a square block area. All the hotels look pretty much the same - some a little more downscale, some more charming looking. They all pretty much cost the same, all offer full english breakfast and all are convenient to Victoria Station. You could literally just take your bags from Victoria and walk around the area and find a place that has vacancy that is comparable to the Georgian, and may be more affordable. The area where the hotels are is fine, but the Victoria Station area is a bit dodgy. As far as the hotel itself, its a typical English budget hotel. The rooms weren't charming, but they were clean. The hotel is old and the beds are okay.	
Sep 10 2005	Don't Know If I'd Stay Again...	The Georgian House Hotel is in a good location. That was one of the few perks of this hotel. We stayed for 5 nights, late June - early July. Since we are both in our early to mid 20's and planned on 3 months of travel we were in need of an affordable hotel to stay at while in London. The basic, or student, rooms were being offered at 52 GBP per night but after some negotiating we were offered a room at 35 GBP. The student room was on the top floor, extremely cramped, and too hot on warm days, but worked ok I suppose. We didn't spend much time at the hotel. The bathrooms were unpleasant and located one floor down from our room. I don't think they were cleaned often as I recall seeing the same towel lying on the floor for several days in a row. There were two showers, one without functioning cold water and the other with a broken holder so that you had to hold the showerhead in your hand the entire time. The walls were paper thin and noise from loud tourists kept us up throughout the night. The place was old and could use a revamp and their advertised public internet was slow and cost a pound for less than 10 minutes. My advice: Unless you truly need to save every last penny, spend a couple of extra dollars and go somewhere nicer and more comfortable. We enjoyed the location since we really didn't find walking to most major attractions to be a burden, but we would have loved to have stayed somewhere a little more clean and welcoming. It's great on a budget - London is EXPENSIVE - but if you can spare a few extra pounds I recommend you do so.	
Aug 3 2005	Outstand inexpensive hotel	My family and I stayed are just back from a week's stay at the Georgian House Hotel. It was our first visit and we loved it. Excellent rooms. Very friendly service. And in a great location in London. 5 minutes walk to Victoria Station, all the main attractions of the city are within easy reach; a short walk to the King’s Road, the Chelsea Flower Show, and the Hard Rock Café. The hotel is near Big Ben and Buckingham Palace, and very convenient for shopping in Oxford Street or Knightsbridge and Harrods. A Great Place to stay, looking forward to going back.	
Jul 29 2005	A pleasant London hotel	I was interested to see the wide range of experiences at this hotel. Happily, we had a very good experience there this summer, and I grew quite attached to the hotel.We used this hotel as a base for our trip, and came and went from there a few times--so we got to experience several different rooms. My husband, my 15-year-old daughter, and I stayed in 3 different triple rooms (one double bed and one twin or pullout sofa) for a total of 4 nights, for either £90 or £120 (depending on whether or not the room had been upgraded). Then, when my daughter and I went up to Edinburgh, my husband stayed on in a single room for 3 nights, for £50. Then my daughter and I stayed in a double room for £75.We had a full English breakfast included, although that is not true for all guests. They told me that the full English breakfast is included if you book online, but I recommend verifying that. We found the breakfast excellent and the breakfast room very pleasant. The full breakfast included a fried egg, sausage, English bacon, coffee or a pot of tea, and a choice of white or brown toast, as well as everything that was available on the buffet for continental breakfast (canned peaches and grapefruit, orange juice, several cold cereals including muesli, jams). Service was very prompt.This is a Georgian house that had been converted (in places, you might say &quot;chopped up&quot;) into an English hotel. Therefore each room is unique, and some things are a bit quirky (such as bathrooms that are squeezed in in odd corners). To me, this added to the charm of being in London; I didn't want to feel as if I was in a standard motel or hotel room in Los Angeles! I pictured it as a former &quot;Upstairs Downstairs&quot; type of house that I was lucky enough to experience. The pleasant downstairs dining room struck me as exactly the type of room the &quot;Downstairs&quot; staff would have enjoyed their meals in. We had a former elaborate fireplace behind our bed and beautiful ceilings--although with an odd modern lamp hanging from it. Many bannisters, ceilings etc. throughout the hotel reflect the former life of this building, which I would like to know more about. This is part of what I enjoy about staying in London.They are in the process of upgrading their rooms, which may explain why some are nicer than others.I don't know about the mattresses others had, but I slept the best in the Georgian House that I did during my entire stay in the U.K. and Paris. I arrived totally exhausted after being up all night during our 10+-hour flight from San Francisco (plus 8 hours' time difference). I had perhaps the best nap and full night's sleep of my life there. I slept great every night at the Georgian house.All rooms had a teapot, mugs, glasses, and teabags. The TVs are small by American standards and had only about 4 channels, but this was true at all the places we stayed in the U.K.On one of our nights, we stayed at a triple in Bower House. This was probably our nicest room. The walk back to Georgian House for breakfast is short.At first I thought the staff was a little impersonal, but later decided that it is just a busy place and they are doing their best. One of our cabs never arrived, and I was impressed to see the woman at the desk come running outside and try to find one for us.It is true that there is no elevator, and there are several steep stairways and half-stairways. If you can't handle your baggage, this is not a good place for you.I thought the location was great. It is a very nice, quiet, safe residential neighborhood yet very convenient to Victoria Station. Victoria Station is huge and sprawls, so the hotel is a good 3 blocks from the tube part of it; so, again, if you have tons of luggage, you won't enjoy the walk. However, when you don't have anything to carry, it is a pleasant walk. I found a good laundromat nearby.	
Jul 22 2005	Nice modest hotel	We went to London with 5 people, two couples and a single. Booked the Georgian House with some trepidation, as the reviews seem rather wildly skewed- but indeed, there were high points and low points. The bathroom shower WAS the smallest ever made, and taking a shower involves some contortions. However, the rooms were clean, and we thought the hotel felt quite safe. Unlike many, we did not find the help too helpful, while pleasant and friendly, they didn't seem to know how to fix problems (like turning on the TV). But with some ingenuity, we managed quite well. We all liked the full breakfast, which was included in the room price. You can't beat the price, especially travelling with family groups, and having the student room option makes this hotel quite affordable. The location is fine- near enough to the tube, but not in an excessively noisy touristy neighborhood.	
Jun 19 2005	Nice little hotel close to Victoria Station	This March my mom, brother and I spent a weekend in London. We have shared a triple room at the Georgian House Hotel. It is a small hotel near Victoria Station, which is in walking distance. The room and the bathroom were small but large enough for our purpose. We only stayed there at night. Everything was clean. The breakfast menu is rich on food (eggs, cereal, juice, ...).We booked the hotel directly over their website since the rates there had been cheapest: -------------. We paid 75£ per night!Two drawbacks:1) we could hear if people got up early the room above us. Even though those guys got up at 7 AM it did not bother us too much. 2) no elevator. This did not bother us since we only had a few things with us.	
Jun 6 2005	You Get What You Pay For (in Pounds)	Well, I think the reason for such differences in all these reviews is that everyone's expectations vary widely.For me, while it pains me to give 3 stars, it's only fair. I paid 50 GBP and had a decent place to sleep. Nothing more and nothing less. I didn't expect it to be nice at all.. and it wasn't! With such low rates, you can't expect the hotel to be anything special! However, some observations which I think are important regardless of what I paid are: There wasn't one single glass or cup in the room (to have a sip of water) No one in their right mind would eat the free breakfast in their &quot;breakfast room.&quot; When I went down there, it was packed, loud, full of noisy kids, and simply not a place I'd have any desire to eat. So, I paid for my breakfast somewhere else.The hotel has notices all over the place talking about how they take no responsibility for items lost or stolen and how you should use the in-room safe. My safe, however, didn't appear to be working. And frankly, if someone steals something in YOUR room I paid for, yes, you are responsible!No clock in the room (like in many places), so bring your own clock (no wake-up calls offered).I honestly felt like I was staying in a hostel.. not a hotel. If you can pay just a bit more, I'd look for a better place.	
Jun 5 2005 	Excellent student rooms for those on budget	I stayed 2 nights in a student room at the Georgian House Hotel, for only 30 GBP a night (shared bath). Considering the remarkable price I paid, the good location of the hotel, and the very high price of London hotels, I was very happy with staying here. Good things:- Near Victoria Station and bus terminal- Internet access in lobby (nominal fee)- Friendly staff- Unbeatable price.- Great breakfast included in price.- TV, Washbasin and tea kettle in room, - Shared bathroom was clean.Not-so-good (but bearable considering the low room rate):- Student room is on the very top floor, LOTS of stairs (esp if you are staying in the cheap room at the top), getting luggage up there was quite difficult.- Bed was sloping- Room was tiny (but clean enough, so it didn't bother me).All in all I was happy with this hotel and would stay there again if I had to return to London on a budget.	
May 19 2005	Great Place To Stay	We stayed in this hotel for three nights (15-17 May 05) and couldn't be happier with the value, cleanliness, friendliness of the staff, and security of the place. We paid 72 pounds per night for a double with bath that included a full English breakfast and the VAT. I knew that the hotel didn't have an elevator so when I booked I asked for the first floor. Upon arrival at 11:30 AM they said my room would be ready in 5 minutes (official check-in was 1:00 PM) and it was. I had room #1 which had a king size bed, small closet, telephone, TV w/DVD player, water heater with coffee and tea bags, safe, and full bath. The room was very nice. The bath was very small but did have a shower, sink, and toilet. Note: A very large person (over 300 pounds or so) may have some difficulty getting into the shower or to the toilet which is between the shower and sink. The room was very pleasant and clean; and appeared to be recently renovated. The hotel had daily maid service which cleaned the room, made the bed, brought fresh towels, and new soap. The room (#1) is located on the first floor in the right rear corner of the building very quiet area. Actually the whole hotel seemed very quiet. The only thing close to my room were the steps to the basement where breakfast is served. This hotel is &quot;modified&quot; 4 story Georgian townhouse and I'm sure that all the rooms are somewhat unique, (i.e. different layout, square feet, furniture, decor, and bathroom, etc.).The breakfast is served from 7:30 to 10:00 and was very good. They had coffee, juices, milk, fruit, jellies/butter, and cereal out on tables (self serve) and served the full English breakfast (one egg sunny side up, sausage, bacon/ham strip, scoop of mushrooms, two cooked tomatoes, and toast.) The staff was very friendly did whatever they could to help, i.e. let me check-in early, answer questions about what to do in London, phoned the airline for me, expedited my breakfast when I had to leave by 8:00 AM for a tour, and mailed my postcards, etc. I always felt safe. The front desk was always staffed (24/7), there was an in-room safe, the locks on my room door were adequate, the window securely locked (even though I was on the first floor the ground slopes and the window was two stories up). The hotel's front door is always kept locked (the front desk electronically unlocks the door when you ring the buzzer). The front desk monitors the front door via closed circuit TV as the door is not directly visible from the desk.The hotel is located in a very nice and convenient area. It is only a five minute walk to Victoria Coach Station (public and tour buses) and a 10 minute walk to Victoria Station (trains and subway). Needless to say, if you plan to walk to/from Victoria Station with suitcases I would highly recommend rolling luggage which we had. Victoria Station has the Gatwick Express train; a train leaves every 15 minutes nonstop to Gatwick airport for 12 pounds per person. In addition, a major stop for both hop-on hop-off buses (two companies: Big Bus and Original Tour) is located by Victoria Station. There are English pub restaurants nearby and numerous other restaurants in Victoria Station. On our first day we walked to Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Big Ben, and Westminster Abbey which took between 45 - 60 minutes (each way). Prices are very high in England. The currency conversion is almost $2 = 1 pound. I found that this hotel was a very good value especially when you consider it includes a full breakfast. In addition, when I checked out they gave me the option of paying by charging dollars to my credit card at a very good rate (1.897871 dollars per pound) in lieu of pounds. This saved me a few bucks by not having to pay the credit card the conversion fee. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 25 2005 	Would never stay again.	I honestly don't know where to start with this hotel. I picked the hotel because of it's location near Victoria station, but when I tried to get a taxi from the station to the hotel, the taxi driver refused because he said it was too close for him to drive. I pleaded with him because I had 2 very large bags, but still refused and told me it was a short distance- it is not that close. It took me nearly 20 minutes. And it was made worse as I had to drag luggages through the streets and rain. When I arrived, I was given a room at the very top of the building. I asked for another room on a lower level but there was no vacancy. With no elevator I had to bring up my 2 luggages one weighing 50 pounds, the other 25 up to the 4th floor. It was horrible. I asked if there was anyone to help me. The only people that could were the workers and I would have to pay a fee. The room was extremely small, and because of roof dormers it felt like a cave. The bathroom was so small it was actually smaller than cruiseship bathrooms. A tiny window faced smokestacks and a horrible view of London overall. After a shower, where the water did not drain, and a second look at the room. I realized there would be no way to stay at this hotel for another second- it was depressing. I eagerly paid for the one night stay in order to cancel my reservation for the rest of the week with them. I changed hotels to The Melia White House on the corner of Regent's Park for about $75 more per night. I had a king bed, beautiful bathroom and room, American outlet plugs, helpful concierge, baggage assistance, and an incredible stay right near one of the most beautiful parks in London. It was worth the little bit of money to have a good, comfortable vacation. Would never stay at the Georigan and Bower House again.	
Mar 22 2005	Not a good choice	I stayed there for 2 nights at the beginning of March 2005. What a luck, only 2 nites.Good:1. Close to Victoria Station (but pls note that not many famous tourist attractions in Victoria area)2. Clean bathroomBad:1. the smallest hotel I've ever stayed (i've been to many different parts of the world), especially the bathroom, not kidding, similar or even smaller than the toilet in the plane2. becos my room faces the street, it's quite noisy (depend on your luck of how much traffic passing by)3. the window is very thin that the curtain is movd by the wind even the window is closed completely (in summer it's ok, but in winter.....)4. the breakfast included is very basic, tea, juice, toast, some fruits and cornflake. maybe it is the hotel's strategy to encourage the customers to upgrade to full breakfast for 3.5 Pound per person	
Mar 18 2005 	Bargain	I got more than I paid for: I paid £45 for an ensuite single....and I got an ensuite triple!I would stay hear againI'm 6ft 2in and the room &amp; bathroom wasn't anywhere near as small as this site made me think it was going to be. In fact it was barely any smaller than a Premier Travel Inn I've been to.Positive---------Bigger room than expectedPerfectly cleanFast powerful showerInternet facility at £1 per 15 minsEasy to find and 10 mins walk from loads of restaurants including a £6 all you can eat pizza restaurant!Negatives-----------The floors are creaky - whenever you move you can hear the floor, same when anyone walks above you...whatever, I got to sleep no problemsWhenever I closed my room's door it made a bit of a bang, so I don't know how other guests found that.Luggage security - Instead of storing your luggage behind reception for you, they tell you to take it upto this room and enter a &quot;dead easy to remember&quot; 5 digit security code. And of course there's a big sign up saying they'll accept no liability for thefts. A previous guest could so easily be tempted to go and nick some luggage because of how easily memorable the code is..and there's no security cameras in the luggage area. This is what's stopped me giving Georgian House 5/5Timing of breakfast - It's only available from 7:30. That meant I couldn't do things my preferred way round: I'd rather have breakfast before showering/dressing in my interview suit...It should be available from 7:00 if not earlier.	
Mar 10 2005	Excellent budget hotel	I stayed at the Georgian House hotel with my girlfriend last February. We booked a double shared bathroom (We were on a budget and were happy to find a double room for less than £50 a night in such a central location). We found the hotel very clean . The fact that there was no lift did no bother us to much (I suppose that fitting a lift in such a nice building would not do it any good - This is an esthetic point of view of course!!!). The bathroom that we shared was clean and well equipped and the bedroom of a decent size.	
Feb 17 2005	Not the best value in the area	Our family stayed at the Georgian House over Christmas. The public areas were adequate, but the rooms were very worn, and ours had peeling wallpaper, with old and dingy linens and furniture, and funky repairs, especially in the tiny (but basically clean) bathroom. Staff varied from surly to civil, and were very hard-working, but refused to provide any help finding nearby restaurants that stay open around Christmas, except to say the there weren’t any. Be sure to get down to breakfast at least 15 minutes before the end of the serving time, especially if you want coffee, as they clean up early, and try to see your room before moving in; some were better than others. There was an over-30 guest clearly attempting to pick up young girls for a couple days around the computer area, despite the proximity to the reception desk. This hotel was in a good neighborhood, and well located, but lacks much pride of ownership, and is not the best value for the money given the other places we stayed.	
Feb 15 2005	Great hotel excellent value very nice staff	We stayed for 4 nites in February and loved this hotel. For a standard European hotel it was great. Sure the rooms are smallish, the bathroom was the size of a powder room, and yes, we had to walk up several flights of stairs. But it was warm and cozy, had excellent service, and an amazing location -- just a few minutes walking from Victoria Station. Be sure to check their website for special deals on room rates. Breakfast was included in our price which helped with our budget --not a lot of frills but it was good, hot, and plenty of it. Just down the street is the Ebury Wine Bar -- we had dinner there two nites because it was so good.Thanks Georgian House Hotel - we'll see you again!	
Feb 15 2005	A hotel with no elevator that still gives you the shaft!	My girl friend and I just spent a visit to London on our way back from visiting Malta. It was her first visit to London and I chose the hotel because of its location to Victoria Station and Buckingham Palace. We arrived with our bags at the front desk and were not received very warmly. We had to carry our bags up to our rooms due to no lifts and the hotel was under construction which made it even more difficult. The room was tidy but the bathroom was the size of one on an airplane one could barely move in it . Not a hotel I recommend but it has a nice location if only the staff and the property had been as well.	
Feb 12 2005	Excellent budget hotel	I spent 11 nights at the Georgian House Hotel in late January - early February 2005. I had heard that the rooms would be small, but was pleased with the size of my single standard room - not huge but large enough not to be cramped. The carpet, wallpaper, etc were somewhat worn but the room was clean. The en suite bathroom is some kind of fiberglass prefab unit - small but clean and convenient. My bed was comfortable and the sheets were crisp and clean, and the towels were nice and fluffy. The room has radiator heat, and even without the radiator on it was warm enough that I sometimes slept with the window open.   The breakfast was a traditional English breakfast and consisted of a fried egg, a slice of meaty bacon, a really good sausage link, sauteed mushrooms, half a broiled tomato, and two pieces of toast, plus juice and coffee. They always prepared it very quickly. A buffet-style Continental breakfast was also available.  The staff at the front desk was polite and helpful. Internet access for those without their own computer is available on a computer in the lobby for a small charge - much more convenient for checking email than finding an internet cafe.   Restaurants and a Sainsbury's grocery store are about three blocks away, and it's about a 5-10 minute walk to Victoria Station, yet the street it's on isn't as busy as some so it's fairly quiet. My room faced a courtyard in the back and I couldn't hear any street noise except for the occasional siren.  All in all, I would recommend this hotel to someone seeking a relatively inexpensive place to stay in the heart of London, who is looking for clean and comfortable as opposed to luxury accomodations. 	
Jan 9 2005	BEWARE!!!!!	Georgian House was my first stop on my 2 week trip to Great Britian. The staff couldn't have been any more unfriendly or less informative or helpful. The rooms were 'threadbare' 10 years ago and there was a really funky smell in the hallways. To top off my worst stay of the entire trip, they overcharged my credit card and now I have to file complaints with my credit card company. Also, they aren't a &quot;small hotel with 19 rooms&quot;. They are the cheap part of a really large hotel. Don't try to save money here. You'll only regret it.	
Jan 6 2005	NICE AREA - Could use some repair	We spent 4 days in November in this hotel. I give it credit for it's location, in a surprisingly quiet neighbourhood; considering that it's just two or three blocks from Victoria station. We were on the 3rd floor with no elevator which was quite a killer after a long day of traipsing through London on foot.Downfalls:The rooms were very small, but clean.The floors - and beds - are very creaky, so we could hear everything our neighbors did as well as ourselves being heard.The shower temperature regulator knob came right off in our hands and each time we attempted to adjust the scalding water with pliers from our Leatherman because the front desk - in spite of saying that they would do something about it - did nothing.The floor of the (tiny ) bathroom flooded each time a shower was taken and we sopped it up with the thin towels given by the hotel. I also wet the floor every time I had to wash my face because the shelf that they set above the wash basin is set so low that your face can't get close to it.The breakfst offers variety, including English breakfast, but you really get low-market versions of everything. We decided that there were too many places to find a good capuccino in Victoria station for us to opt for mediocrity at the start of our day.The staff is not over-friendly, but they are not rude either.Overall, it was 'do-able' but we won't go back.	
Jan 5 2005	Surprisingly bad	I usually spend a couple of weekends a year in London and I always read the reviews on this website before booking a room. Now for the first time I had to experience a huge difference between the reviews here and my own impressions at the hotel.Maybe it was because I only stayed for one night, but the room I got (nr 4) was in a very bad condition - holes in the carpet, peeling wallpaper and it also didn`t look very clean (blankets with stains)... probably my English is too bad to describe what I felt. Not a single thing in that room looked inviting! The breakfast was also very poor, the only positive thing to mention was the lady at the reception, which was friendly.Will never stay there again and avoid this place in the future!!	
Jan 4 2005	I am not usually picky but a bit disappointing.	My husband and I just got back from a Christmas/New Year's trip to London yesterday and stayed at the Georgian house hotel for 7 days. After looking at the website and reviews I was quite excited that I booked a great little place. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed with many aspects of this hotel. We are in our 20's and have stayed in many low budget B&amp;B's and hostels around Europe in the past that were equal or better than here. The location could not be beat, a wonderful, quiet area that is so close to the sights! We loved it! But the mattresses in the hotel are horrible! You can feel the springs sticking up into your back and I woke up my first night in immense pain. The bathroom also had a funny, mildew chemical odor. The furniture and bedding was also very low budget. The comforter seems like it could have been from the 80's. You would think they could do a little better, like a get a new cheap comforter once in awhile from Marks and Spencer. The pillows were also awful and seemed like they stole them from a hospital. We also did not have any of the correct channels offered, but instead had some german programs that were apparently being picked up by the satellite in the the house next door. After the first night we considered leaving, but asked for another room first. They did accommodate, although the lady said that all the matresses were the same. The next room was a vast improvement, it was on the other side of the building. The furniture was better, but the mattress still kind of bad. We laid every comforter they had on it and slept on that and it was much better that way. Our tv also had the right channels. The bathroom was very clean, but much smaller than the first one they had (almost like they ordered a pre-fab motor-home bathroom to put in). If you are very tall or very fat, this is not the place for you. The breakfast was also disappointing. It was adequate, but not the best I've had here in this lovely country. Oh well, we had a fabulous time here for New Year's and would definitely stay in this area again. There are a ton of B &amp; B's all over the Victoria area, I will have to try another next time. Good luck and have a great trip! Britons are tuly wonderful people, I was impressed with this country's generosity when it came to the tsunami disaster.	
Dec 28 2004	Fun small hotel with a great location	Took a group to London in September and stayed for 7 nights at the Georgian House. Staff is very friendly and helpful but be prepared to carry your own bags. There is no elevator so request a lower floor if you don't like doing stairs. Rooms are small but comfortable with t.v., hair dryer, teapot and complimentary tea and coffee. Bathroom is an adventure with tiny stall shower. Sunny breakfast room with choice of an English breakfast of eggs, toast, sausage, mushrooms and tomatoes or cereals and fruit plus coffee, tea or hot chocolate. Hotel is located on a quiet street a couple of blocks from Victoria Station in an area of small hotels and B &amp; B's. There are a couple of markets and small restaurants nearby. Do not use the laundry recommended by the hotel. Very convenient and they do a great job but they charge dry cleaning type rates for regular laundry. Better to find a nearby laundrette.	
Dec 13 2004	Good place to stay medium quality stuff and bad place for breakfast	I decided to spend my time in this Hotel, when I saw the pictures of it and know there is broadband in the room! It was also important for me to get close enough to the Victoria (which is a 5 inutes walk from the Hotel)I also read some of the advises at this site, so here is my opinion:I spent three nights in November, at the Bower House &quot;department&quot; of this Hotel! The building, the room and the facilities in the room were in very good condition! Tea maker (tea, sugar, cream etc), hair dryer, heating fan (was used continously, when staying in the room), toiletteries, etc were prepared and the room was clean! After a fast check-in (5 mins) I had very good first impressions! I have left my broadband cable at home, therefore I was asking for another at the receprion desk. The answer: there is none! :-( Just gone to the room and came back for some additional packages, when somebody else was standing behind the receprion desk! I gave another try. And the new receprionist (his name surely David Copperfield or something like that :-)) just pulled out one of the several cables from beneath the desk!!!The next morning I was in a little hurry, when jumped into the brekfast room (I had continental breakfast) and asked for a fast service (I had to reach my Gatwick Express). The first 15 minutes I didn't get anything else than hot chocolate! After all of this, I have left the room (as Elvis did in his time). The next day I've got everything within 30 seconds. Everything means: 1 cup hot chocolate, 3 slices of toasts, butter and jam! I didn't go to the breakfast room at the next (on my last) day, I have gone to the Victoria to have some baguettes.The room was very small, but also very nice! The bathroom was extremely small, but clearly almost new (I have never seen this size of bathroom before!). Daily cleaning!The location of the Hotel is perfect! I advise this Hotel for the busy business travellers, but don't ask for the breakfast (and keep it in your mind: don't leave your network cables at home)Have a nice stay over there. After all of this I still think: I will return to this Hotel!	
Dec 3 2004	Nice hotel in great area	Georgian House Hotel is a nice hotel in a great area. It's walking distance from Victoria Station and also not far to the themse, Parliament and Westminster.The room was small, also the bathroom (later inputed and very small) but everything was clean. But there are different rooms at the hotel (others are bigger and with better bathroom). Breakfast was also ok. Luggage room was little and open for every guests, so put an extra lock at your luggage.All in all, a nice hotel in great area for a short stay in London.	
Nov 29 2004	Disappointed not what I expected.	Clean sheets, acceptable breakfast.Very poorly lit room, almost dangerous. Forget about reading anything! The heating was far too high. Had to keep the window open because of the heat and the smell. Good price, just expected better.	
Nov 22 2004 	good value for the money	the georgian house hotel provides good value for the money. the rooms are small but very clean. i stayed for a month in a &quot;student&quot;( or basic) room. there was no congestion in the shared bathrooms fortunately.the breakfast was delicious and ample, will keep you going all day. the staff was both friendly and knowledgeable. the internet in the front room is quite expensive, but that keeps it from being monopolized! stay here if you are coming to see london and a stylish room is not your priority. (see rick steves &quot;sleeping in london&quot;, he refers to the student rooms as suitable for backpackers, but frugal visitors predominated. ) the three long flights up (and down) the stairs with luggage is quite a haul. noporters or lifts so be prepared. at sixty i didn't mind, at seventy i might take a room on the first floor!	
Nov 13 2004	Great B	I just came back from my London trip , we stay at this hotel for 10 nights , when we arrived after a 6 hours flight our room was ready (11.00 am )We ask for a twin bed room and it was a twin bed room , and it was freshly paint et decorated.Near the victoria station train or underground , a easy way to get around London .The breakfast what a treat and after 2 days , one of the girl who serve it already know what we order each morning. that's service....They now have sat tv but why watching tv when London offer you so many things to do...Go there it the best place I know....	
Oct 24 2004	Quite adequate clean convenient	I spent a week here in October 2004. I e-mailed the hotel and asked for a ground floor as I have problems with stairs. I was told I had a first floor double room. It turned out to be on the 2nd floor (US), so I had a full staircase and a half to climb. The room was tiny by US standards, about 9' wide and maybe 12-15' long, including the bathroom. This size is pretty standard for European rooms, though. There was a tiny desk w/coffee/tea service. The stool doubled as a suitcase stand. The closet was a narrow pre-fab unit that held 4-5 hangars. The bathroom was tiny with a miniscule sink and 4' x 4' shower stall w/glass doors. that didn't open fully on one side because of the sink. The tv has only 5 channels. The window, which faced the street, opened only at the top. The hotel turned out to be ok.The breakfast room is in the basement. I started ordering not the full English breakfast of OJ, fried or hardboiled egg, bacon, sausage, broiled tomato, cooked mushrooms and toast but bacon and eggs, w/toast. There is also choice of 5 cold cereals and canned peaches or grapefruit, plus excellent coffee. I did specify that I wanted my egg cooked &quot;hard&quot; (no runny yolk) and the kitchen did accommodate. In fact, the breakfasts were really quickly delivered. You go in, get cold cereal and coffee, they bring you juice, take your order, bring you toast, and shortly after, your hot breakfast. It took about 1/2 hr. start to finish.The place was very clean, though I found a sticky rim on a coffee cup one morning. I also noticed the cup and glass in my room wasn't changed, so I don't know if they're merely washed in the sink or ???They didn't change my sheets during the 7 days I was there, though they did change the towels daily. A tiny bar of soap is all they provide. Bring your own shampoo, etc. There's a bus that runs via Victoria to Warwick, perhaps a block closer than getting off at Victoria.Given the cost, 50 pounds for a single, it's a respectable place to spend a night or seven. The neighborhood feels fairly safe as far as walking at night There's enough pedestrian traffic that walking from Victoria isn't frightning.	
Oct 15 2004	Not as Good as They Say	I stayed here after reading favorable Trip Advisor reviews, so imagine my surprise when I entered my $90 single room with ensuite bath, to find a 6 x 8 space with a mildew problem in the bathroom. Granted, rooms in London run small, but for the price, and considering that this was supposed to one of the &quot;better&quot; rooms (not the dorm-like ones), it was quite uncomfortable. The single bed was firm and there is a small closet and desk, but not enough room to put the chair at the desk. Since the mildew smell was so bad and the toilet seat wouldn't open all the way (fell down each time one sat), I couldn't even retreat to the bathroom to use that as a chair! Had to spend most of my evening time outside and in the lobby.The ceilings and walls are quite thin, so anyone walking above or talking nearby can be heard. However, the street noise wasn't bad. This hotel is in Victoria, a nice, safe neighborhood with plenty of restaurants around, and a walk to Tate Britian Museum. Staff was generally friendly, giving out maps (for a price) and info. Internet was available in the cozy lobby, but it's 4 pounds per hour (about $8). I'm not sure how well the heat works since I didn't use it, but make sure to store your luggage away from the radiator (you'll have trouble finding space, though)! Good hotel for Europeans already using the Euro (for 50 Euros, a single is acceptable). But for Americans converting to dollars, the $100 for this might be a shock. Might make sense to get one of the cheaper rooms without a bathroom, since the bathroom itself was so uncomfortable anyway.	
Oct 13 2004	lovely place	Lovely hotel. Friendly staff. Good Breakfast. Large room. Nice and confortable bed. Very good location. You can walk different routes for example the sublime Chelsea or the royal Belgravia. If they paint it it could be five stars. We feel in the real London.What a find!!!!	
Oct 13 2004	Very Nice	My wife &amp; I stayed here for three nights and were quite pleased. The Bower house has the 'upgraded' rooms and it was reasonably priced for early october. Breakfast was good as was the location if you dont mind a short walk from Victoria Station--quiet area. We'd stay there again	
Oct 7 2004	A great London Hotel	My husband and I stayed in the Georgian House Hotel for 6 nights the first week of September. We were really pleased with the location of the hotel. The hotel is close to the Victoria Coach station where a number of tours leave from, close to the bus station, close to a tube station (Victoria) and close to the Victoria Train station. Plus there is also a supermarket and laudromat close by and a walk to Buckingham Palace. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast included in the price is the best breakfast we had while away. Just be prepared for the stairs as there is no lift, but the Georgian House Hotel is very up front about the fact. A great Hotel, would stay there again.	
Sep 12 2004	Good price average quality room great breakfast	We stayed here as a family of 4 for 2 nights in July 2004. The hotel was reasonably well located, staff were pleasant and friendly and the breakfasts were wonderful. The room was fair and the bathroom was in need of some upgrading. However, this was a good value given the high prices we found for London hotels.	
Aug 19 2004	Very accommodating staff!	We stayed at this hotel in August of 2004. We found it in Rick Steves and booked a student room on the top floor for 45 pounds. We knew the room would be small, but we were not prepared for the miserable heat. It was impossible for the tiny window to provide adequate air circulation, and luckily the room had a sink in it so I could get up in the middle of the night to splash water on my face. It was a miserable night. Luckily -- and this is the reason I am giving this hotel such a good rating -- we asked if there were another room available and were prepared to pay an increased rate for it -- we didn't care at that point if it cost 1,000,000 pounds per night, we just knew we couldn't stay in that small, hot room again and remain sane. They gave us a huge room on the ground floor with huge windows, a double bed and a single bed, and high ceilings for the same 45 pound rate. We felt like we were getting the best deal in London. Sure, the bathroom was down the hall, but who cares? It was clean. The breakfast was delicious, and the neighborhood is great. I was really impressed that they were so gracious in moving us to such a superior room and not raising our rate, so I will have fond memories of this hotel.	
Aug 12 2004	Pleasantly surprised	Finding a single hotel room in London in August is not easy! Prices have skyrocketed, and the insanely high value of the Pound makes it very difficult to find a reasonably normal room not inhabited by furry little creatures. Having stayed in various London fleapits over the years, I found the Georgian House Hotel to be one of the most pleasant hotels in this price range. Check in is litsted at 1300 hrs. I arrived early in the morning (around 0700) and asked if I could store my bags until check-in. I was given the room key and breakfast (the meal at a nominal charge) and not charged a half-day rate for the room. It's true. The hotel has lots of stairs. Be forewarned. If you're on the top floor, be prepared for a lot of excercise. Having said that, the room was clean with a comfy double bed. Towels replaced daily and room tidied. Breakfast - cereals, eggs, sausage etc is excellent and will carry you through until a late lunch. Staff are excellent - polite, cheerful and helpful. All in all, highly reccomended. Thanks, Trip Advisor. Your site is excellent.	
Aug 4 2004	Good Value	We used Trip Advisor to help us in finding the best lodging locations on our recent trip to Enland and Ireland. Georgian House Hotel we noticed was rated fairly high. It does offer the best price for a great location, close to Victoria Station, which makes it very convenient for getting around to everything in London. Not ever staying in London prior to this trip, we only have other locations to compare Georgian House Hotel with-thus the 3 star rating, but for London it may be a 5 star. The breakfast was quick and good, attentative staff, the biggest dissappointment was the en-suite bathroom, it has some funny odor (from the blue toilet water?). TV did not work but who watches tv when in London anyways. For US travelors don't forget to pack your own wash clothes, since they are not provided at most locations in England and Ireland	
Aug 2 2004	Enjoyed our stay	When we arrived, they told us that we would have to have one room on the first night and another room on the other two nights. They gave us a place to store our luggage since we arrived early and the room wasn't ready. Our first room: When we arrived in our room, we certainly weren't all that impressed by American standards, but as we went through our two-week trip through Europe, we soon realized that the room was actually pretty decent compared to European standards. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very small but workable. There was a small desk and a TV. It is advertised as having air-conditioning, but there is not an individual thermostat in each room. It was one unit for the entire hotel and they were not going to start using it until a later date. This was not really a problem since we were there in late April. Just open your window and get cool air if needed. Our second room: To get to this room, you had to walk around the block (very short distance) to another area. When we arrived in this room, we were pleasantly suprised. The room was very elegant and up to par with American standards. The room was bigger and plush. The bathroom was bigger. The television had more of a selection. And they provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne and bottled water. There was still no air-conditioning and if you wanted it cooler, you had to open the windows overlooking the street below. This room was a little more expensive but very nice.The hotel staff was friendly. There is a computer in the lobby for internet access (they charge a small fee). Another one of the great things about the hotel was its close proximity to Victoria Station (short walk), from which you can get anywhere. There is also a lot of shopping and dining in the Victoria Station area. But the very best thing about the hotel was the full English breakfast that you got each morning. It was excellent. They gave you as much as you wanted. Sausage, eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes, toast, jam, cereals, juice, milk, breakfast tea, fruit. Awesome.We would recommend this hotel to anyone. For the price, you can't beat it (you can find specials on the web). If you are looking for an inexpensive, but decent hotel, you won't be disappointed.	
Jul 18 2004	Best sausage of any breakfast we had.	As a family of four, this was a very good choice for us. We were on the fourth floor in the family room that was not en suite. LONG flights of stairs and creaky floors but clean and a most excellent breakfast. Would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2004	Georgian House Stay	This was one of the least expensive hotels that I could find in London. We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of May and 1 night in the beginning of June, 2004. For the first two nights, the student room on the top floor was small, but cozy. However, our TV did not work, the sink was a little smelly, and there was no running water (even for the toilet) in the bathroom across from our room the first morning. Thankfully there were a couple of other bathrooms, and our TV was fixed after the reception was alerted. Our stay in June was much nicer, and the student room on the 4th floor (3rd floor in the UK) was larger with big window. Overall, I would stay here again due to the price, not the quality.	
May 27 2004	Excellent hotel for price	I stayed here on two different occasions during a three week trip to England. Both times the room was clean and comfortable and the first room I stayed in had a small balcony. The second time, I stayed in one of their cheaper “student rooms” on the fifth floor. This room was smaller, but a good deal at 30 pounds a night. Both rooms were shared bathroom and some of the bathrooms are nicer than others. One of them had no sink and did not seem very clean, but others were fine.The reception was friendly and helpful and breakfast was very good. The location is ok, about a 5 min walk from Victoria station. There are several stores and restaurants within easy walking distance. Overall, a pretty good budget hotel and I would stay here again.	
May 21 2004	A Canadian Find		
May 5 2004	Excellent price great location and clean!		
Apr 25 2004	Nice hotel		
Apr 22 2004	Nice hotel in a great location for train/undergrounder users		
Apr 11 2004	Comfortable and Convenient		
Mar 10 2004	Return Visitor		
Jan 9 2004	A great place		
Dec 15 2003	good quality / price		
Sep 10 2003	One of the best in the area		
Feb 6 2003	Georgian House B		
Nov 12 2009 	Apartamento Planta Baja		
Aug 26 2009 	No Esta Mal...		
Jul 27 2009 	Nein danke		
Apr 15 2009 	Bed and breakfast bastante bueno		
Jan 30 2009 	Luces y sombras		
Jan 29 2009 	Bien situado		
Jan 8 2009 	Excelente hotel buena ubicacion y desayuno ingles completisimo		
Oct 17 2008	B		
Oct 14 2008 	Hotel céntrico y limpio		
Dec 30 2007 	Suficiente para unos dias sin lujo.		
Jan 25 2007 	Séjour vraiment super!		
Oct 17 2006 	Petit hotel sympathique		
