	Beautiful hotel shame about complacent staff	The Mayfair Hotel is stunning-great location, very clean and tidy and uber trendy.Barely a week goes by without photos of one celebrity or another seen going in or coming out of this popular hotel.Therefore, I expected alot more from this hotel.We arrived later on in the day, when reception was relatively quiet, however the gentleman behind the desk was surly, moody and didn't look remotely bothered to attend to us when we approached the desk. He made no eye contact with us whatsoever and didn't even greet us.After he gave us our room key he walked away without telling us where our room was,how to get there etc....I was at least expecting him to ask us if we wanted a newspaper in the morning, or if we needed help with our luggage (of which we had a very large suitcase), but I was very disappointed by his whole demeanour and couldn't believe this was a 5 star hotel I was checking in to. However, once we got to the room I was delighted.Large, clean, with a king size bed and marble bathroom, this more than made up for the rude reception staff. However, at 8am the following morning, we were woken by a knock at the door! It was the housekeeping staff wanting to make up the room! At 8am! We couldn't believe it, especially as we had gone there to relax for the weekend and catch up on our sleep.I was shocked later in the day after returning to the hotel at 4pm to discover our room hadn't been made up, despite housekeeping being so eager to do it at 8am! When we confronted the front desk about it, surprise surprise they just shrugged their shoulders and didn't really see what the problem was. We had breakfast in the bar on our first morning as the restaurant was too busy. The staff were very polite and attentive, however we still had to wait 40 minutes for our breakfast, which we ordered off the a la carte breakfast menu, which I felt wa too long, especially as it was only a bowl of porridge that I ordered.All this being said, the hotel does have alot of excellent qualities. The bar is fantastic and there is always a lively atmosphere in there no matter what time of day.The spa is outstanding and the food in the Amba grill is delicious (I would recommend the cod!).It is also one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in.When booking a room, asking for one that doesn't overlook the front of the hotel as we were kept awake through the night by people leaving various bars/nightclubs in the area.	
Nov 24 2009 	Ask before you confirm your booking	Booked here due to other reviews. I studied in London so I know hotel's location well.Booked (communicated with its reservation office by emails) a double room 3 weeks before arrival.I was offered a room with king bed, was told that the daily price inclusive of breakfast &amp; VAT.Upon arrival, assigned a room that was difference from photos on its website, small &amp; not identical deco. I was hesitate to ask for a change because the front desk was very rude to me during check-in. Perhaps I only stayed for 2 nights, and booked the lowest class of room...About breakfast...I did not ask (during booking) whether the english breakfast or continental breakfast was included...I eventually be given not a FULL english breakfast...I really hope they're able to state clearly to guests during reservation.However, the location is good.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel Excellent location. Really top class.	Every thing in this hotel exudes with excellence, class, and functionality. Its central location make it easy to access any important land mark in London. Free wi fi makes it even better. Friendly staff, ready to help.	
Nov 20 2009 	The most up market hotel! Excellent	I stayed at this hotel with my partner and can honestly say... you get what you pay for. From the fittings in reception (Fendi sofa's etc). The rooms are beautiful with you own B&amp;O (Bang &amp; Olufsen) t.v., phone, desk and a dressing room fitted in marble which leads you into the marble bathroom. The quality and luxury will leave you speechless. Did I also mention the t.v. in the bathroom? I fell in love with this hotel. There is a local (small) sainsbury's supermarket facing the hotel. Go in there for drinks etc as the hotel is very pricey. The location is excellent. You can walk to Oxford road (shopping) 5 mins away. It is 10 mins walk from the Ritz Hotel. Around the corner there is Starbucks coffee shop and a cafe 2 doors up the street on the other side which does a excellent English breakfast a quarter of the price of the hotel. If you want to be spoiled and live in luxury, you've found it!! Enjoy yourself we did	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel but sooooo noisey!!!!	First time I have criticised a hotel as I usually stay 4 or 5 star when travelling the world. So let me give you a truthful and honest assessment of this hotel.Let me get one or two things straight before I say the word &quot;but&quot;.This hotel is in an excellent location. Next to shops on Oxford Street as well as Bond Street. The staff are excellent &amp; the general atmosphere in the place is good. I stayed her for 3 nights and was put into room 124. This is where it took a downturn!!!To enter each lobby you have to zap your room card in the key hole. Room 124 is right on this doorway so I had the recurring nightmare each evening of EVERYONE at all hours on my floor slamming the door next to my room!!!! This happens all night and was terrible to deal with in regard to getting sleep. The room (superior) are very very small so be warned if you are looking for space.My room faced the outside street at the entrance to the hotel so every car &amp; moving vehicle who stopped or slammed its doors woke me up (which was pretty much every ½ hour between 2am and 8am). Also as my 1st night was a Friday so all the revellers leaving the busy bar at night made it very very noisy. You may ask did I ask for a move after the 1st night?? the answer is no as I do not like making a fuss and thought it maybe just a slight mishap. WRONG. It happened the 2nd night and as we were leaving to return home on the 3rd night I thought it silly to move. Let me get is straight that the hotel has all the makings of a 5 star hotel but if you like 8-9 hours sleep take the warning DO NOT GO!!!! You have been warned.	
Nov 16 2009 	A top class hotel with excellentvery friendlyvery efficient and warm service	A stay at The Mayfair is an absolute must for any visitor or business traveller in London.The hotel is superbly decorated,with excellent finishing and colour /light combinations.The whole interior design is simply fabulous.Whoever designed the interior should have got a major award for excellence.The staff of the May Fair ,from the door concierge to the reception staff are polite,helpful and attentive.On arrival to departure,nothing is too much for the staff of the May Fair.The May fair bar has an energy and ambience that is hard to match in any other hotel in London.The service is warm and friendly and the food &amp; drink delivered with superb professional efficiency.The Bar simply buzzes with great energy and vibrates to superb musical sounds each evening.Every one is in party mode from 5pm onwards.It is simply superb.I have been coming to the May Fair Bar and its restaurant,the Amba restaurant for many years simply because it is the best place to hang out.From Hedge Fund managers to media celebrities,the May Fair is THE place to be seen and to relax and chill out. I decided to spend a night at the May Fair with my girlfriend and the gentleman at reception was simply superb.Nothing was a problem and we were offered an upgrade to a very spacious room without asking.The whole process took about 3 minutes to complete it was so efficient and simply handled.The room was very clean,the bathroom very clean and the bed wonderfully soft and relaxing.We enjoyed our stay and check out was also swift and efficient.We would highly recommend the May Fair to any visitor without hesitation as it is a fantastic hotel to stay in.One very big recommendation is for guests to arrive,check in and head to the May Fair Bar by 5.30pm so as to get a great seat to enjoy the May Fair Bar drinks and music....this is an experience definitely not to be missed and beats spending time in any other Bar in the Mayfair area !!	
Nov 10 2009 	Nice but some minor annoyances - terrible Internet connection	I stayed for four nights and chose the hotel because I had stayed there previously and enjoyed both the location and the classic style of the hotel. I was surprised that the hotel had not only been reflagged to a Radisson, but was totally renovated to a modern, contemporary, hip look. Nice, but not what I had expected.The hotel is nicely appointed and very comfortable. The service, in general, was very accommodating. I had two issues. First, upon check-in, I had arranged for a friend to receive a key to the room upon my friend's arrival midweek. Somehow, they lost that note and my friend did not get a key until I showed up, luckily just a few minutes later.Second, the wireless internet connection was terrible. It was hard to make a connection and it dropped often. I wasted much too much time wrestling with the internet.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent hotel perfect location"	We stayed on The Mayfar on last october (21-28) and I have nothing to complain! The room was very big, very comfortable and clean! We stayed first in a room with no view and in the second day we changed for other with a view of the street.. The rooms with no view are excellent too and are more silent. But they gave us an upgrade and we accepted. The bathrooms are big too and very, very comfortable. Everything are beautiful and planned. The staff were very friendly . The breakfast is excellent , specially the ones in the front desk, but near the hotel are many places were you can take breakfast too. The hotel´s bar is full of beautiful people night and day. The location is perfect! Near all the major atractions and in a wonderful neighbordhood. It´s possible to walk to Buckingam Palace, Hyde Park, Oxford Street, Picadilly Circus. Also, the metro station (Green Park) is one block and a half from the hotel. We loved the hotel and I woudl recommend to my friends as a excellent place to stay with an affordable price. Thanks to internet !	
Nov 4 2009 	Absolutely fantastic! Cannot fault The May Fair!	I stayed at the hotel a few months ago on a trip to London to see a concert at the O2 and I was bowled over by how amazing this hotel is. It has an amazing ambience about it that oozes luxury and the location is perfect for London sightseeing. I felt like the staff really cater for the individual guest at this hotel and they were attentive and altogether superb. Our room was a Twin Superior and again was just fantastic. The decor is first class and the room was spacious and even had its own stereo that we could dock our MP3 players onto (a luxury I have never had in a hotel before)! We were supplied with really comfy bathrobes and the room had a safe that we could use. We had a technical problem working the safe which was promptly attended to by the hotel within a few minutes of us calling reception. The room was fitted with air conditioning, something I was very happy about as the weather on our trip was quite close and humid and it came in very handy. We didn't eat or drink at the hotel on this trip due to the commitments we had elsewhere but have booked a further two nights at The May Fair next Easter and we hope to take advantage of this next time. This hotel is an amazingly appointed and presented example of London 5 star at it's very best and I would not hesitate to return here again and again as well as recommending it to friends, family and just about anybody!	
Nov 3 2009 	Good value Even at this price	Simply great place for a London shopping/Theatre treat. I like staying in Mayfair, and this place (second trip here) doesn't dissapoint. It is glamorous and rooms are decent size, service great, and not too snobby. After a great mohito and martini at the hotel bar we walked around aimlessly for a restaurant (there were plenty, we are just useless at deciding), could not decide where to go, and ended up back at the Amber restaurant in the hotel - great meal. Its a very good place to treat the missus, and you won't feel out of place. OK, the bar is not cheap (£9 for a good cocktail) and restaurant isnt bdget (£90 for two with wine and 2 courses) but it was very good value, especially for London. If you can get a room for £200 then its value, less stuffy than the Westbury (still v good) and the restaurant and service are better.	
Nov 3 2009 	Definately five star	My partner and i stayed at The Mayfair last sunday the first of november 2009.We chose one of their allergy friendly rooms.The reception staff were very friendly and welcoming.Our room was very nice indeed,not much of a view but clean and fresh.We had a drink at the bar which was great,even on a sunday evening it had real atmosphere.The hotel is in a lovely location,handy for just about everything.We both had a very comfortable and pleasant night's sleep.A real delight.The mayfair is definately a five starexperience! Ms A lediard ,Bath ,England.	
Nov 2 2009 	Contemporary Comfortable Convenient.	Only stayed one night in a big, comfy, bed. Nice Bathroom. Good Breakfast buffet, hot food cooked to order.	
Oct 29 2009 	Highly Recommend	This was an outstanding hotel...clean, great service and location. In particular the concierge staff members were attentive, accessible and very knowledgable.	
Oct 26 2009 	Terrible HotelWorst service	I had chosen this hotel just for the position and for the good report seen in Trip Advisor but unfortunately was a terrible experience.Though a friend i booked 2 normal room because an upgrade was promised due to big avaibility of the hotel. Instead no upgrade at arrival despite a Silver card of Gold Point Plus showed at the check in.At 4 pm, one of the two room was not ready, the luggage stand 20 minutes alone in the lobby, and after 15 minutes they gave as the 350 room (one of the worst and smallest). The room was small and noisy in the night (3 floor just in front of Nobu and other clubs and restaurant).They didn't clean the day after because we forgot to use MAKE UP ROOM botton, and when we did at 8.30pm was too late.The last day we ask a late check out at 3pm just for one room to leave our luggage and use bathroom but they asked 20 GBP each our.Finally, just 3 lifts,always busy, often the key card wasn't working. A man who worked there said that always happens.Forget it if you are looking for luxury and enjoy other hotel in this wonderful city	
Oct 24 2009 	Great hotel in a perfect location	My wife and I have just returned from a two night break in the May Fair Hotel, London.It is just minutes walk from the Green Park tube station, had a good sized bedroom (we stayed in a deluxe room with terrace), a lovely restaurant (where Mel B, ie ex Spice Girl ,was at the next table!) and two good bars. I would definitely stay here again when next in London.	
Oct 22 2009	Manners not a word known in The May Fair!	Having wanted to stay at this hotel for many years I finally got the chance. I had looked on their website to enquire about rooms and prices. Not understanding how to book a twin deluxe (I could only see superior twin) I called the reservation directly. I told the person on the phone my wish and told them I needed a twin room (I would have been visiting with my father). I was told the price would be £722.20. A double Deluxe would have cost £488 and once I asked why was there such a steep difference in price when only two people would be staying in the room (eg like a double only the fact I wanted a twin room) I was told very rudely and abruptly that, and I quote &quot;well if you can't afford the price I have stated why are you interested in staying at this type of hotel&quot; and the phone was put down on me.I have been extreamly upset about the comments. I no way was I ignorant or angry towards the member of staff (whose name I cannot remember as I was so shocked at the time) and I did not expect to be spoke to in that way. I have stayed at Radisson hotels before and never had any troubles but this has extreamly upset me. If you want to stay at this hotel you better let the Hotel see your bank balance first as they don't seem to want &quot;other&quot; people to use their hotel.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good hotel for celebrity spotting	This is a decent hotel in central London. The rooms include an iPod dock and are spacious. The view from the windows is of the windows of the other rooms of the hotel.They provide room service breakfast at no additional cost.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great hotel location affordable in the center of London	Close to the underground and conveniently located in the central part of London. All hotel ammenities were great - staff very friendly.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic experience - shame about the Paparazzi!	My friend and I travelled to London for my birthday weekend and as a treat to myself I booked a room at the Mayfair as I really wanted to stay there for various reasons. I had occasion to contact the hotel before I arrived due to a previous nasty experience with payments in another Radisson hotel and I wanted to ensure everything ran smoothly - and run smoothly it did!The room was beautiful - my friend and I were quite blown away by it! Everything was perfect. The staff were lovely and couldnt do enough to help and it was a fantastic experience to stay here!Only a few little niggles though - not really complaints just niggling things. I booked the room on the Mayfair website and had clearly stated my title (being female) as Miss. However it seemed somewhere along the line this had reverted to Mr - Im clearly not a Mr but no-one corrected this - is this some sort of website glitch? I dont mind being referred to as Ms but Im not a Mrs and dont want to have to use this to assert my female status!Also, I had requested both before arrival and on arrival the mini bar be locked as we didnt want any amount over and above the cost of the room and VAT being charged to my card due to the previous experience - hence the fact we went nowhere near the mini bar but still 2 random charges of £3 for the mini-bar appeared on my bill! However I will say reception were very efficient at removing these upon checking the report but Im curious to know how they ended up there in the first place....Also I know Im not the first person to say this and no doubt I wont be the last. We were well aware there would more than likely be Paparazzi there - BUT having had a previous run-in with some Paparazzi elsewhere I was a little unnerved about having to walk through a crowd of them to get to the front door! However overall it was a fantastic experience - I felt like a Queen sitting on the gorgeous bed eating birthday cake and drinking pink champagne :-) I have booked again for Valentine's Day and my partner's 39th birthday in February and hope I have just as good an experience!	
Oct 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	This was a shopping/theatre trip with my 19 year old daughter and we stayed for 2 nights in a deluxe room. The hotel is ideally located and within ten minutes walking distance of Regent Street, Bond Street, and 15 minutes walk away from Oxford Street. Our room was clean, contemporary and a great size. The hotel bar was absolutely buzzing with atmosphere, and the breakfast in the Amba Bar &amp; Grill was excellent. We ordered room service late at night, and this arrived promptly and was very good. I'm only sorry we didn't get chance to eat dinner or lunch in the restaurant. The staff were very helpful and polite and I will definately return!	
Oct 15 2009 	Beware: All that glitters is not gold!	Thought we were checking into a pucker hotel in London. Reception/Check in staff were adequate - not unhelpful but not particularly helpful either. Room was large, clean and nice enough. Sunday morning room service turned up as requested at 7.30am. Two coffees in polystyrene cups shoved at me by unkempt man with limited english. He put his foot in the door and told me I must pay for the coffees there and then!! In a 5 star hotel!! Taken slightly unawares by this (foolishly I had expected a man in waiters uniform with a small tray and a coffee pot), I gave him a note but he said it was no good because he had no change. He wanted me to give him a big tip I guess. Eventually, he returned with my change and also receipt which already had included a 12.5% service charge! Disgraceful. Being a female in a bathrobe at that time of day, I didn't feel comfortable confronting this guy. I have complained to the Raddisson but have heard nothing back. Not very impressive.This hotel is adequate - it's certainly not 'special' and I would be very wary of room service if you need it outside 9-5 monday to friday. I have stayed in many good hotels around the world but I have never encountered this.Just for the record, the coffee was disgusting and I didn't drink it anyway!	
Oct 13 2009 	Luxury 5 star Hotel but very very noisy	I just want to bring to your attention a quite unpleasant experience we had during our last staying at the Mayfair.First let me tell you that it was not the first time that I had the chance to stay at the May Fair, I am used to come to London on a regularly basis and when I want to treat my girlfriend for a weekend I choose the Mayfair as it is an oasis of peace and luxury right in the heart on London, My previous experiences have been really positive but I have to say that after my last stay my perception has dramatically changed.On Saturday night between 1:00 and 3:00 a bunch of completely “high” people was loudly partying next to my room as well as all over on the 4th floor corridor making our sleep simply impossible. We have invited them to turn their volume down but were rudely backed off, I have then asked the reception to send someone to calm them down but unfortunately the partying went on until the very late ours.The bottom line for us was a completely insomniac night which as you can imagine caused us great inconvenience and distress to our weekend. I strongly believe that a 5 stars Hotel should guarantee at all cost the peace, tranquillity and comfort of its guest. It is totally unacceptable that a bunch of revellers could take possession of an entire wing of the Hotel and no one took any action in restoring order.I hope you are taking this feedback constructively as despite this negative experience I might stay again at the May Fair in the near future	
Oct 12 2009 	Hats off to the May Fair for a remarkably marvellous Afternoon Tea	I have been at the May Fair several times. Impressed with the quality of the service decided to organise afternoon tea for a business meeting for 32 people. Although we arrived an hour early to the venue, the staff was so helpful to make us comfortable at the Amba Bar. Great cocktails and great wine list. The afternoon tea was amazingly delicious.One of my colleagues was fasting that day and once it was time for him to eat, the staff brought him dates, soup and bread. Very thoughtful, attentive staff and great service for good value of money.I would like to thank to the staff of the restaurant and the general manager of the hotel.I strongly recommend this place to everyone who wants to stay and/or organise business meetings, conferences; because the quality of the service, the perfect location and quality of the food will not disappoint you at all.Hats off!	
Oct 6 2009 	HAPPENING STYLISH FRIENDLY	I have been visiting the May Fair now for years. The main reason I go there is because it's a happening hub in the heart of (surprise!)Mayfair, central London's best neighbourhood. That the hotel is THE venue for London Fashion Week attests to the 'cool' of this property.The bar is lively and has a great buzz any night of the week, but is VERY well soundproofed from the rooms.My how I have partied at this hotel! Its functions and gatherings are ALWAYS great fun, seemingly meticulously planned and the cocktails and food are innovative, tasty and readily available. I have been to one formal charity banquet downstairs - which was orchestral from an organisation perspective - and to many lively parties. Genuinely, I don't recall leaving disappointed.As for the rooms, well...I guess you pay your money and take your choice. I have had the indulgent delight of staying in the infamous penthouse. It would be a great idea for a proposal weekend (a rotating bed no less!) or for corporate hospitality (what a terrace!). We had it for a party but you don't have to splash out that kind of money. There are more modest rates. I hear the suites are all individually designed, which I think is the attraction for the talent.My partner took some clients to the May Fair business rooms and he said they bent over backwards for him, which is pretty much sums up how we were looked after in the penthouse. In both these cases, I have to say the food was original and plentiful.Amber, the hotel restaurant, seems to get better every time I visit. I was there last Friday and had a delicious meal. I had had a disappointment there previosuly, but last Friday was flawless. I would never choose a hotel for its restaurant - and certainly not in London - but this one is very respectable.For me, it's always the staff that define a five star hotel and that's where the hotel excels. We all been to hotels where the attention is either unwanted, over-familiar or obsequious on the one hand; or snooty, unwelcoming or too formal on the other. The May Fair has this cracked. Its people are warm, genuine and helpful without being intrusive. Just the way it should be, and no doubt the draw for the stars.And on that point...any paparazzo worth his salt will also tell you it's a place to spot famous faces. Just loafing on the sofas in reception in the evening watching the Bentleys come and go and the flashes flash is an experience in itself.	
Oct 5 2009 	Anniversary Weekend "Proposed to my Girlfriend"	I travelled to London on the Friday morning and arrived at the Mayfair, I was greeted by very pleasent staff who made my and my partner feel very welcome from the moment we arrived in the reception. Once arriving in the room, after getting over just how beautiful the room was our luggage arrived from even more friendly staff.I had arranged to propose to my girlfriend and after mentioning this to staff I was asked if I need any help to just ask and after feeling very nervous this was a great calming thing and made my opinion of this hotel even better. I travel to London at least 5 to 6 times a year and after a fantastic weekend at the mayfair I will most definatley be staying in this hotel from mow on.My girlfriend said yes which made it even more perfect.	
Oct 1 2009 	Way exceeded our expectations	The May Fair Hotel is located in a great spot right off of Picadilly near every mode of transportation, and has a staff that would be envious of any hotel. We arrived hours early and they made sure to get a room ready for us within 30 minutes of our checking in. They were hosting Fashion Week and were completely flooded with people and requests. They never ignored and always attended to every customers needs regardless.I doubt there is any reason to stay anywhere else in London, family or alone.	
Oct 1 2009 	Penthouse Suite Business Networking Event	We participated in a business event in the Penthouse Suite. The ambiance and lay-out of the venue were both very conducive for circulating and engaging with the other participants. The venue and staff had done a great job creating a feeling of intimacy and the catering was effected in an elegant and non-intrusive manner – top marks to the staff training and attitude, and I would be very happy to recommend this as an excellent venue for social/business events.	
Sep 29 2009 	The May fair was not badbut expected more...	My partner and I stayed at the mayfair on a friday into saturday morning to celebrate her birthday.The room was comfortable but feel that the pictures on their website do look a lot better which i found only slightly misleading.Facilities are excellent but one hiccup my partner and i had is that the guy that delivers the morning paper hastily rang the bell once and opened our bedroom door without waiting for an answer! Very lucky she was decent, this left a dampener on our stay i would expect a better standard from a top hotel of this sort.The decor of the whole hotel is excellent .Reception staff seemed stressed out and quite snappy on checkout.Bar staff service average and could be friendlier.Probably wouldnt stay there again on leisure due to these points but would consider stopping here if i was doing business in central london in the future.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel and the perfect place from which to enjoy London	I have stayed at The May Fair a number of times and have yet to be disappointed. The staff are always friendly and polite and go about their business in a highly professional way. On the odd occasion that something hasn't been right it has been rectified immediately without question. The experience starts from the moment you approach the hotel , through reception and onto your room, which are beautifully furnished and appointed. I have only eaten dinner in the restaurant once but had a great evening with friends with fine food and wine. The Mayfair bar is a fantastic place to enjoy the night with the opportunity to play celebrity spotting! A highly recommended hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very comfortable experience	My husband booked us in for the night (a Friday) for my birthday and we had dinner in Nobu which was across the road so it's location is fantastic!!! Mayfair is a real Star Spotters Paradise!!!!!! The reception is very grand and spacious and is beautifully clean and elegant. When we entered our room it was new and crisp and decorated to a very high spec (even the remote control was posh!!!) The strange thing was that the bed was off centre which could be a bit off putting for some, although forgotten when you laid down as it was soooooooooooo comfy!!!!! The bathroom was a little small and awkward as you had to shut the door to get to the sink but it was nicely decorated and clean.We had a complementry phone call to see how our room was, which was nice but when we asked for some ice they told us to ring room service which I thought for the 5 star rating they should have said they would send some for us - but a small thing. Also the price didn't include breakfast which I think all hotels should include.The bar in the evening was a great people watching spot as the 'entertainment' included Mutton dressed as lamb and men deciding which one to go for!!!!!!! Brilliant to watch!!!!! A great place for a cocktail and a great excuse to dress to the nines for a fun evening.All in all I had a fantastic stay!	
Sep 21 2009 	Best hotel we have ever stayed in	This hotel was fabulous. The staff could not have been more helpful in helping us to book a restaurant, giving us info and generally making us feel very welcome. The room was a great size, with the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on! The bathroom was fit for a movie star - monsoon shower and a TV to watch in the bath! Breakfast fantastic- juice, smoothies, fruit, yoghurt, cereal, pastries, toast, the full English etc etc etc. Didn't eat for a week afterwards! All in all a wonderful hotel - would return in the blink of an eye.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great space for a networking event	I attended a networking event in the penthouse suite. As well as having a more intimate atmosphere than your typical venue, the staff were friendly and helpful. As there are mulptiple rooms to use, all decorated well, it makes getting around between people very easy.	
Sep 21 2009 	Thank you for a fantastic meeting 	I wanted to thank everybody at the May Fair's Meeting &amp; Events team – personally, and on behalf of my partners and clients - for the amazing and hard work you did for my company's workshop.Everything was perfect, more than perfect – from Mirella's fantastic pre-meeting organisation (and the patience with my last minute requests), to Janice’s constant assistance (from room fresheners to furniture rearrangement to headache pills, in a matter of seconds – you saved my day!), to Stephen’s presence at every break (I only received compliments for the presentation, quality and originality of the refreshments). And the meeting suites were fantastic.You made us feel very special, and put us at ease in what could have been a very difficult session for us. The positive mood you created reflected very successfully on our workshop’s outcome: I was surrounded by happy people, smiling throughout the day. Finally, your suggestion to complete our session by the Amba Bar, and the great table you reserved for us - completely unexpected - was a great way to finish the day – we are all very grateful. Thank you again for such a magic day, and I look forward to host another event at the May Fair in the near future.	
Sep 20 2009 	lovely hotel friendly staff and great atmosphere	Really enjoyable stay at the Mayfair, we found the staff to be very helpful and friendly the hotet has a great location and a real buzz about it. The only downside to our stay was breakfast on the second day which was extremely busy, the buffet was not replenished and service was poor. Overall a really enjoyable stay and we would definetly use the Mayfair on our next trip to London.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great hotel exceptional breakfast	I stayed in the May Fair mid week, the staff were friendly and helpful, the room was very comfortable , had food in the Bar it was excellent . The breakfast buffet was exceptional great variety of fresh fruit and nuts as well as the usual. The location is second to none for shopping, art galleries and transport links.Would definately stay again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Back for me	They say its never as good as the first time, but in this case I think it might have been better.Again, we were treated like royalty from the moment we arrived. The reception staff were lovely, smily and seemd genuinly pleased to see us. They knew when we had stayed before and asked how we enjoyed our previous stay, they even asked how are family were. (who had stayed with us previously)We were escorted to our room and the room did not dissapoint. Again, the General Manger had personally written us a note hoping that we would enjoy our stay and left some gorgeous fresh fruit for us.We had planned dinner in china town but before we went I insisted on another Moito in the fab May fair bar. It was as good as I remembered. I love the bar and being a Friday night was buzzy and full of the beautiful people. If you want a weekend which takes you away from reality then the May fair hotel is it. It's fun and glamourous and the staff make you feel like a million dollars.Can't wait to go back.	
Sep 18 2009	Luxurious setting superb staff delicious champagne and high tea!	We had a thoroughly enjoyable time at the Mayfair Hotel. Our party of +30 people had high tea in the Amba bar and grill, the portions were extremely generous and beautifully presented.	
Sep 18 2009 	Sober accomodation in the heart of London.	I've spent more than 20 nights at the May Fair over the last couple years and they perform flawless service every time.The May Fair bar is definitively the place to be, not extremely luxury but have the fine and sober touch both within style and service. You might spot some celeb in the bar or across the street at Nobu...The breakfast buffet in Ambar Grill is fantastic, the selection of fruit and berries is much appreciated and if one prefer a full English breakfast that is for sure available together with fine French pastry. The location is just perfect; close to business partners and to leisure activities in Hyde Park, Piccadilly, fine shopping etc..	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Location not quite five star	I stayed here with my wife to celebrate my 50th birthday, the hotel has a great location. We checked in on the friday night and went to the Mayfair bar for cocktails and to eat, after a bit of confusion over the table we had booked we settled in to people watch. The place was buzzing and lively especially with the paps outside Nobu. We ordered the seafood platter to share which at £22 was excellent value, and the cocktails are fantastic. Sarah the barmaid could not have been more helpful and friendly. Our room was a reasonable size, clean, and quiet at night, now for the negative. There was no complimentary bottled water, biscuits or even a chocolate on the pillow which I would expect from a five star hotel. The biggest dissapointment was the coffee, Nescafe instant in a five star hotel? is not acceptable, we would have expected a coffee machine; latte,cappucino or a french press . We recently stayed at the three star kimberley hotel Harrogate which had just undergone a £5 million re-fit. Our room was superb, we had a free bottle of wine, complimentary slippers, chocholates, bottled water, a coffee press with coffee, and a free teddy bear all for £90 a night!. To be honest we thought the Kimberley deserved the five star status more than the May Fair.Breakfast was good with pleanty of choice. We arranged to meet with family on the Saturday for cocktails in the bar area, my stepson had forgotten his belt so I went up to the desk to see if they had a spare belt by any chance, the didnt but one of the staff (Joao Carlos Vuygvein) then proceeded to rempove his personal belt to loan! what great sewrvice. Unfortuneatly my son forgot to return it that nigh as promised so I posted it back next day special delivery, I hope he got it ok, and thank you again Joao.Sunday breakfast was good, check out hassle free. Overall great location but let down by the little extras in the room. Would we stay again? yes.	
Sep 16 2009 	Good location not quite 5 star	Overall, our stay at the May Fair was definitely enjoyable. The area is fantastic, very upscale but still walking distance to the &quot;tourist&quot; area of downtown London. Also, the Green Park metro stop is literally around the corner.The rooms are somewhat small and the bathrooms are literally right off the main bedroom areas and have somewhat transluscent doors... not exactly the ideal situation for a romantic holiday. I'd much prefer to have the bathroom area a bit separated from the sleeping area.Nevertheless, the hotel bar was very nice. Not sure what people are talking about regarding the alleged hookers... we didn't see anything like that. Yes, there were scantily clad women but that's not exactly uncommon at a posh hotel bar that is directly across the street from the best club in the area.Also, we found the service to be more than adequate. All in all, I'm not sure I would rate this hotel 5-star but it is still a nice place that will not disappoint.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not bad not good.	This was my second stay at The May Fair and it will be my last. It's not that it is particularly bad, I just think you can find better for the price. The rooms vary so much in size and arrangement that you never know what you will get. It has also gotten a bit noisy and full of itself. A few B list celebrities ended up showing the last night we were there as well as a Nobu party in the penthouse and everyone pretty much catered to them instead of the other paying guests. There were so many paparazzi outside the bar window that no one could enjoy being in there. The penthouse party went on until well after 1am and the music reverberated on the whole 8th floor-it was a Tuesday night. My husband and our friends (who were also staying there on my recommendation) went to the casino one night and said it was extremely snooty and decided it was not fun enough to give them our cash. Afterwards, in the bar, they (including the wives) were propositioned by prostitutes and their boss. Classy. On the flip side, it is a fairly clean, modern hotel. The best service we received was from a porter named Simon. He was exceptionally helpful. The location is fantastic with restaurants, the parks, tube and sights all within walking distance. So, basically, if you like a modern hotel, don't mind noise or you're a B list celeb, you'll love this place. I'm going to Blakes next time.	
Sep 14 2009 	Posh Hotel but too noisy...	We had a double bedded room on the 7th floor (754) it was a corner room so nice and big. What was good:- comfy bed, big white fluffy towels, air conditioning, breakfast (make sure you pay an inclusive rate for english breakfast, it costs £22.50pp if you dont). It was in an excellent location for walking to the theatres in Shaftesbury Ave. Walking through Green Park for Buckingham Palace. Walking back to Victoria Station. We bought an Oyster Card for £10 each (plus £3 refundable deposit) but only used it twice.What was not so good:- Slippery bath ( no mat), useless pillows, no biccies with tea/coffee tray, sliding wardrobe doors flimsy and kept sticking, Bang &amp; Olufson TV very basic and sound terrible for Radio 2. If you want to go to sleep with the radio on timer, the picture has big &quot;HOTEL RADIO&quot; sign on the screen - too bright!What was bad: - our windows were not triple glazed as the brochure said... We were on the 7th floor and could hear the traffic all night and their horns. Also the noisy party goers when they came out of the clubs, pubs, discos. Not a peaceful night's sleep all weekend.We knew this was a 5 star hotel so didn't mind paying £189pp for 2 nights b&amp;b with Superbreaks, but in hindsight, next time we stay in London, we will choose a small b&amp;b in a &quot;quiet&quot; road for half the price.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great location but poor service and noisy rooms	I stay in this hotel for business, more than once a month, and each and every time I have been disappointed. The service is awful, staff have an attitude and aren't friendly at all, except at the bar. You have to wait for everything at breakfast, they are clearly understaffed. The buffet isn't replenished so if you come late, don't expect too much. Most of the time you have to ask for tea/coffee as they don't come to your table and offer. It is quite shocking for a 5 star hotel. Regarding the rooms, I have been in all different type but never managed to have a restful sleep. If you are facing the streets, you will hear the music from the nightclubs and people gathering outside, plus cars, ambulances etc... If you stay inside, the inside noise will wake you up. I mean by that the staff, banging service doors at all times, hoovering the rooms at 7am etc... And of you can hear people in the corridors, especially the parts of the corridors with tiles instead of carpet. In most of the rooms the blinds are smaller than the window frame, therefore the room gets really bright in the morning. The views are mostly bad, facing ventilation ducts, escape stairs and brick walls. I had to change room every single time I stayed there. They very much vary in size but some are quite nice. The soap/shampoo comes from a dispenser attached to the wall, it is unaccetable for a 5 star hotel.The only good thing about this hotel is the location, but that's about it unfortunately.They have to improve on customer service. If I had the choice, I would never stay there!!	
Sep 13 2009	Fabulous hotel with gorgeous rooms a delight to visit	I came to a networking event recently in the Penthouse Suite which was an absolutely amazing setting for the evening. I was particularly impressed with the balcony and the bathroom with the most amazing bath I've ever seen. There was also delicious food brought around by the lovely staff.I was very impressed with the May Fair in general and would totally recommend it.	
Sep 11 2009 	Stylish and Friendly	I too attended a networking event at the Mayfair recently held in the stunning Penthouse Suite.Staff were friendly, helpful and attentive and the food was great with the best King Prawns I've ever tasted.I don't know what the normal guest rooms are like but from the rest of the hotel they must be of a high standard. The only downside to my visit was seeing Peaches Geldof!! ;-p	
Sep 10 2009 	comfort and style withexcellent service	We had a gorgeous penthouse room with splendid views over the city. The decoration was trendy, yet warm and comfortable.The friendly smiling staff were always happy to help and did their work with lots of care and thought.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent Service	I attended a networking event at this hotel recently and was extremely impressed with the quality and friendliness of the staff. The food was also very good and the hotels ambiance really helped make the event a complete success. I would be happy to recommend this hotel to anyone looking for style &amp; substance!	
Sep 10 2009 	Penthouse Suite - Business Networking Event	I was lucky enough to attend an event in the penthouse suite. It was stunning.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice trendy hotel but avoid rooms overlooking Berekeley Street	I've stayed at the May Fair several times and it's been mostly ok.First the good:Great location, very nice bar and restaurant and great service in both. Rooms are good and have B&amp;O televisions and free Wi-Fi.The bad:The rooms overlooking Berkeley Street are ridiculously noisy at night between midnight and 4am. When I stayed in June I specifically asked NOT to have one of these rooms, but was given one anyway. Having a four year old in tow I didn't complain until the next day. We got a smaller room that was ok, but absolutely quiet enough.At checkout, the assistant manager only gave me £20 off the bill when I insisted that the room rates were different. He was rubbish and in complete contrast to the excellent staff in the restaurant and bar.Other times I've stayed on my own or for a wedding and apart from the noisy rooms all has been fine (and weekend rates are pretty good).	
Sep 8 2009 	The Ultimate 5 Start Experience	The moment you walk in you know that this hotel experience is going to be a an excellent one. The website clearly gives justice to the style and ambience a real statement! You are made to feel like a VIP as soon as you check in, the staff are attentive and nothing is a problem. when you arrive at your room the theme continues with attention to detail (KIng Deluxe Room) is superb from the B&amp;O TV, Ipod Doc, comfortable Bed and quality fixtures and fittings. I did feel like a King! albeit for one night. The May Fair bar is a great place to take in the atmosphere of the Hotel, a real buzz!! and if your hungry the Amber Restaurant I would suggest you try if you're not venturing out.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location good bar and fine rooms	First of all: If you're looking for a quit business hotel don't bother looking into the May Fair. The last years the hotel has become a celebrity hot spot and therefore the hotel is buzzin'. The location is very central, just of piccadilly and close to all the shops and parks. Our deluxe room (621) was large for London standards and fitted a nice kingsize bed. Bathroom with separete shower, nice and spacious. The staff was overall very friendly, the doormen were helpfull keeping the photographers ands fans outside...Nice and trendy bar with great food (take the bento box for two) and some nice wines by the glass (try the Villa Maria Sauv Blanc, best sauv for the buck in imho). We skipped the hotelbreakfast and tried some places in the neighborhood (try napket snob food, great!)	
Sep 5 2009 	Delightful stay	I stayed in the mayfair hotel and enjoyed every bit of it, great hotel, modern furniture, very clean, lovely staff, and good locationThe rooms are spacious and very clean, the furniture is new and very chic, the staff are very helpful and friendlyi would totally recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to london	
Sep 4 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location...but expensive!	Judgeing by the Paperazzi camped outside, lots of celebs stay here! We arn't but were upgraded to the May Fair from another hotel, and were not dissapointed. It perhaps struggles a little to be true five star, but overall a very pleasant stay and located 100 mtres from Green Park tube staion giving good access to greater London.Our room, 350, faced a side street that was noisy around 2.00 am. but were light sleepers anyway.  On a casual mention to a waitress at breakfast(formal english...delicious!) , within minutes we were approached by the duty manager to see if we wished to be allocated another room. Thats impressive.	
Aug 23 2009 	30th Birthday	My partner booked The Mayfair as part of my surprise weekend break to celebrate my 30th birthday. Check in was very effecient with the new renovation of the hotel stunning (having stayed at the former Radisson Edwardian Mayfair which looked old and dated). On check in the staff had kindly upgraded us to a suite as it was my birthday. The room wasn't immediately available so we were given a complimentary drink in the bar whilst we waiting. The suite was spectacular in decor and size. Would certainly recommend this hotel for a special occassion as it's not a budget hotel but is worth every penny with the excellent service and decor that you receive.	
Aug 22 2009 	4 Stars Max	We just checked out after an eight night stay so this review is very fresh.Check-in was very seamless and great. The room wasn't ready so we were offered the spa to shower and freshen up. When we arrived to our room, it was very large for the room type and especially for a room in London. It was a deluxe room category. It featured a walk-in closet hich was quite large suprisingly and had two sinks in the bathroom. There was absolutely no view, a brick wall at best but that didn't matter to us much. Later that night, we received chocolate covered strawberries and one bottle of water (two wouldv'e made more sense). Regardless, that was a very nice touch.Here is where the problems started to begin. First off, the hallways all smell terrible as soon as you get out of the elevator. They smell like an Indian restaurant and yes this was on multiple floors. Our room was right next to the service entrance which I didn't think was going to be a big problem. The hallways were also 90 percent covered in carpet however our room was part of the 10 percent that had tile outside of the room instead of carpet. So, what we heard from 230am-7am everyday was the service door slamming and people rolling their luggage loudly on the tile. We gave this a two night experiment and it did not work for us any longer. We moved rooms without seeing the new room. The new room was half the size! They said they were sold out that night but will move us in the morning. The next day I looked at two rooms and one of them (room 356) was absolutely fantastic. Best room by far! The only thing missing is a view but if you don't care you'll be great. Very quiet and large. We encountered a few problems in this room as this is where it points to some flaws of the hotel. The TV did not turn on so at 11pm I called and they said oh you must be doing something wrong so I will send someone up. Someone came up and said oh you're right it does not work and maintenence has gone home and will be in tomorrow (five star hotels should always have maintenence on hand 24 hours a day!) Then I had to make sure to call the next day as they had still not come to fix it. Also, I found myself calling multiple times for requests as they can be very slow or forgetful. In addition, the idea of the gilchrist and soames bathroom products is HORRIBLE. You can't move the bottle to pump in a direction that would be convenient. It is affixed to the wall. Also they had no personal amenities such as q-tips or slippers. These are all things that are standard in a five star hotel.The May Fair Bar hands down made me the best drink I have ever tried! It baffles me that this bar closes at 1AM on a weekend and 10PM during the week! This made no sense to me. It is also freeeeezing cold in there so bring a jacket. The vibe was wierd despite the great drinks. I am being conservative when I say it felt like a bunch of escorts and prostitutes and no I am not kidding as my girlfriend and I watched men meet their hired dates. Quite odd.Also, try to find a car service other than Kelly Executive which the hotel arranges.The cars are very average as they come dirty and old bodystyle (old e class compared to the new 2010 e class). The windows had dirt all over them and the cars were seriously lacking a car wash. I make this example because I hired a great car service called Havering Carriage Company which offers the new E Class for the same price. All in all, would I stay at the may fair again, yes I would. The location is unrivaled however, they need to tighten up their act in customer service and amenities. If this was taken care of, this hotel would deserve its five star rank.	
Aug 21 2009 	Disappointing. Not five star service or quality.	I stayed here on Eurobonus points, which may account for certain aspects of my experience. But generally speaking, this Hotel is disappointing. First, check in and the front desk. Every exchange required a wait, at least of five minutes. The staff were unintelligent, and I question whether all of them speak or understand sufficiently fluent English. Second, the rooms. We had two rooms, adjoining. In one of them, the television and lights were not functioning. After a call and a wait, someone came and corrected the situation. Who released the room? Do they have a cleaning manager? Generally, the rooms were large and clean, although a bit scruffy around the edges. I must say, however, that I have never been in a five star without personal amenities. Large squeeeze bottles, even of Gilchrist and Soames, dont do it. Continental breakfast was very weak, with little selection and poor service (it took three requests to get a staff person to bring bowls). The location was excellent, but every hotel in Mayfair is in Mayfair. In conclusion, dont spend money on this hotel. There are numerous infinitely superior competitors right around the corner. Literally.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wonderful experience	Having taken a holiday at home we ended up at The May Fair. Staff absolutely brilliant, rooms excellent and location perfect. The hotel is very secluded and quiet. It was perfect for a weekend &quot;at home&quot; Restaurant a bit stiff but staff was friendly and that was all we really needed.	
Aug 20 2009 	Do not get a room overlooking Berkeley Street.....	Whilst this hotel has all the comforts you would expect from a 5 star hotel and is a fantastic location for central London, anyone booking this should be aware that Berkeley Street is home to the Funky Buddha club and on a friday night, between the hours of middnight to 4am, party goers line the streets to get into the club, or are outside smoking and people insist on driving their cars, as though they were on a formula one race track, revving the engines of their ferraris and lamborghini until the crowds cheer and they accelerate off down the street. At around 4am, it gets quieter, but then the rubbish collectors and glass collection happens a few hours later, so the precious sleep you might have got is never going to happen. If you can get a room higher up, and not overlooking Berkeley Street then it is worth staying here, simply for the location, but if you want a good nights sleep, then head to other hotels in the vicinity.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great location easy access not worthy of 5 star rating poor service.	We loved the location, very easy to park car and walk to Hotel. The check in experience was flawless, a Polish receptionist who was very welcoming and efficient. A good start.Decor is fine, we thought the hallway was rather dark to our room, but the room was a good size, quite bland decoration. We liked the view overlooking the street, the bathroom and walk-in wardrobe seemed classy.Then the cracks began to show. No remote for TV(which was sited at an awkward angle). No water in the room, not even complimentary biscuits! We had to call two times to get a remote(which they picked up from the next door room). Only after I had called the Polish front desk guy did we get service. The remote was gross, I had to clean it!Then we found our slippers, one pair was damp and mildewed! As we looked around we started to realise the flaws. Bathroom tiles were uneven. Water not contained by shower. I was disturbed at about 4am by the neighbouring room, as the interconnecting door is so thin you can hear conversation!Breakfast was a fiasco. We thought our trouble was just the room, but the waitress, a Phillipino tried hard, but could hardly speak english and didn't know much. Neither did the maitre'di, who was off hand and made excuses when we asked why the smoothie was 'tangy', we realised it was bad-I thought I would suffer later.I asked for a pancake and they served up some kind of bread-flan.I thought it might be filled, but it was just bread. Unbelievable! We informed the waitress, she took them back to the cook (he is no chef) and he just looked angry.What kind of joke restaurant is this? The Hilton Tower bridge is only 4 stars and is a league ahead of this! You would think they could try harder, considering their proximity to the Ritz-a block away!I contacted the manageress, she said it was unacceptable, and offered a free upgrade on my next stay. Ahem, only if she upgrades us to the Ritz!Sad to say this, we were full of hope and excitement at the start. We were using our eurobonus rewards for this stay and wonder if they view that as an excuse not to prepare our room, but the breakfast service indicated a woeful lack of investment in staff or training. I compared Tower Bridge Hilton, a good comparison as their staff were all foreign as The May fair. So it has nothing to do with nationalities. Hilton staff are trained. May fair are not, the Polish receptionist excepted.Following the recommendations on trip advisor we thought we were in for a treat. Dismal.	
Aug 18 2009 	Rooms in poor condition. Maintenance problems. Staff seemed frusterated and untrained.	There are so many other fantastic 4 and 5 star boutique hotels to stay when in London, don't waste your money here. An expensive mistake. Was attracted by a hip decor and enticing bar/lobby, but after checking into what was once a beautiful room, realized the the maintenance was terrible. Quality of amenities and furnishings was fine but room felt dirty because the rug was curling up exposing glue and dirt. Gross. The makeup mirror in bathroom was broken and just hanging, couldn't be used. Kleenex cover was missing, exposing rusting metal. Grungy bathtub - calking was discoloured and frankly again, gross. I couldn't wait to checkout to have a shower somewhere else. I asked for another room and the next room was worse so I went back to my original room. The staff was frusterated and didn't seem to know how to answer my comment about the condition of the room. Most other 4 star hotels wouldn't have released the room until the repairs were finished. Speaks to the standards of the management. An inexperienced hostess and wait staff in the restaurant for breakfast were being trained by someone who was making it uncomfortable for the guests as well as providing poor customer service. In fact the guests were trying to help so they could get fed. RUN AWAY from the MAYFAIR.	
Aug 12 2009 	Easily could have got top marks but....	We stayed in The May Fair hotel as a treat for my partners birthday. The location is hard to beat being close enough to the type of things that draw people to London including the restaurants, nightlife, shopping, tourist attractions etc. The rooms are spacious and well decorated although our view of a brick wall, a set of fire escape stairs which was sprawled with rubbish was a huge disapointment. I ordered the chocolate coated strawberries when i booked on line, however when i arrived, the lady at the check was unable to get through to anybody to check if the strawberries were already in the room. After waiting quite some time she decided to go up and check herself. The strawberries were not in the room and she said they would be up within the hour. I asked for a bucket and glass for champagne i had bought with me and this was no trouble. All in all check in took abt 20mins and this should have been more straight forward. When the Strawberries did arrive, about 15/20 mins later, there was no bucket and glasses. When i explained my request, i was asked whether i was sure because he had just spoken to reception and hadnt been told - i heard the reception ask for the glasses and bucket and i take exception to being asked 'if im sure'. Eventually the Strawberries, bucket and glasses came but since this was a present for my partner, it would have been nice for the whole thing to have run a bit more smoothly. The most disappointing thing was the dried up urine on the toilet seat when we arrived - and quite a lot of it! I mentioned this to the man who had bought up the strawberries and this was cleaned quickly - but this is just not acceptable in a 5* hotel. There was also no remote control for the TV and having mentioned this on our way out that evening, we still didnt have one the following morning and had to call reception again. I believe that the sign of a good establishment is not the problems but how well they are dealt with. However, that said, a dirty toilet is just 1 problem too much and not a problem i would expect in a 5* hotel. To conclude, I would still recommend this hotel as the above problems could have easily been avoided with a little more care and customer service.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fantastic Room Just Needs Improvement in Some Areas of Service	Great Hotel in a brilliant location – especially if you like celebrity spotting. Nobu and Funky Buddha are just across the road and the Hotel also attracts its fair share of ‘celebrities’ although the Bugatti Veyron parked outside the door was attracting the most attention! Check in was very smooth and the room was ready even though it was still only 12 noon. I had asked for a courtyard room and the receptionist explained that this was a smoking room and did I mind. She said that I could change rooms if it smelled very smoky, however when I entered the room I was only too happy to stay. One wall had patio doors which opened into a courtyard with decking, outdoor furniture and outdoor lighting and it was just perfect for a nightcap on a warm London evening.The room comes complete with minibar (beware about lifting items out as you will be charged immediately even if you put it back in) a Bang and Olufsen television, ipod docking clock alarm system, tea and coffee making facilities and a well equipped bathroom. It’s quite strange that the wardrobe is in the bathroom as it can get quite steamy from the shower and causes the clothes to feel damp. The safe was also in the bathroom along with a hairdryer (you have to keep your finger on the switch the whole time you are using it) Gilchrist and Soames toiletries including hair and body shampoo, conditioner and soap, cotton wool, emery boards, shower caps, sewing kit and shoe sponges.I ordered room service which arrived within the 20 minutes stated. If something is on the menu that is what I like to receive, however the smoked chicken sandwich which was supposed to come with an onion baguette came with a plain baguette and there was no sign of the accompanying crisps. However the smoked chicken and avocado filling was very tasty.The bed and pillows are extremely comfortable and we had a really relaxing nights sleep. Decided to have our breakfast in the May Fair bar the next morning and were really disappointed. It took an absolute age for it to arrive, my husband saw my bacon roll come out twice and both times it went back to the kitchen before I got it. When it finally did arrive it was freezing cold but as I had waited so long I didn’t want to send it back. My husband ordered orange juice twice before he got it and we never did get the preserves we asked for. When the plate was taken away I did comment on the breakfast being cold and they comped the full meal, however I would rather have paid to get a nice breakfast and good service. The next morning we decided to try Amba instead but it really didn’t fare much better. I asked for white toast and got brown, when we asked a waiter for coffee he said it wasn’t his table and couldn’t bring it, we couldn’t have hash browns even though they are served in the May Fair bar breakfast, and our preserves hadn’t been replenished from whoever had sat at the table before us and I had to ask for a knife and fork. This really isn’t what you expect from a 5 star hotel.We did, however receive 5 star service from the evening hostesses in the May Fair bar. They were excellent and couldn’t have been more helpful. The cocktails are to die for – try the Tutti Frutti it’s a work of art. The Concierge and reception staff were extremely professional and helpful and a credit to the Hotel.If they can get the breakfast sorted, this Hotel would be the perfect package.	
Aug 6 2009 	Wonderful Hotel in a great location	My husband and I stayed at the Mayfair for 10 nights, our room was huge, the bathroom was large, the service was excellent, the concierge was always extremely helpful with all our questions. The service to the room was always excellent, always very well cleaned. The breakfast was very good with a wide selection of foods to choose from. The location is good, just down the street to the Green Park Tube. The free WIFI was also very strong into the room. We were very happy with our stay at the Radisson Mayfair.JulieMelbourneAustralia	
Aug 5 2009 	Fabulous! HUGE Rooms!	My fiance and I booked the Mayfair for his birthday weekend trip. It is a wee bit more expensive, but it so much better than the cheaper hotels! Our room was absolutely huge and the bathroom was also a fair size too. One small complaint with bathroom was that because it was a screen water leaked out everywhere and the floor got soaking everytime we used it. The bed was so amazingly comfy! I rarely like beds in a hotels, but this was even better than my own beloved super king size lol. There wasn't much of a view, pretty much a brick wall but who cares, you don't go to look out the window of your hotel! There was an irom and a full size ironing board in the room. One down side there wasn' t a power point near a mirror for my straighteners put that's just a personal issue. Hotel staff were lovely, we didn't eat in the hotel, but on the Sunday night we went into one of the bars-they were going to be closing soon but they politely informed us of this and toldd us they could still give us a drink and also showed us the way to the bar across reception. There was a lady working in the first bar-Iwish I got her name, but she was lovely, really nice and chatty (and not in the usual forced way- she actually seemed genuinely interested!) which I thought was especially nice as they were trying to get the place ready for breakfast. It is a good place to star spot if you're into that, we saw Ronan Keating leaving on the same day we were and Nobu is just across the road. If you are flying into Heathrow nothing could be easier- you get on the underground at Terminal 5 and it goes straight to Green Park and the May Fair is right round the corner. We loved The May Fair- so much so we are going back for a Christmas weekend mid December, we wouldn't stay anywhere else now. After reading some of the reviews on here I wish we had booked breakfast, but there is no option to do that when we have booked (on hotels.com) I'm sure if we called they'd let us add it on tho... Maybe next visit!We'll probably have one of our eveing meals this time to give the restaurant a try.	
Aug 5 2009 	I live in London - and when the wife is mad I stay here - fantastic!	I know all the top end hotels and know London inside out. When I need to stay in a hotel in London, this is where I go first. This hotel is in a great location in the best part of the west end, and has a nice modern and chilled out feel. For the prices, this is hard to beat! Recommended.	
Aug 5 2009 	Free Enabled Internet and two bathrooms per family room	The five star hotel turned out to be a bargain. First, we got a &quot;family&quot; room with two double beds and two bathrooms (great when traveling with teenage girls). But the best feature was the internet - free with a strong wireless signal. And, unlike many hotels, the firewall didn't block VOIP Vonage phone calls or prohibit you from hitting &quot;reply&quot; on received Outlook mail. My crew had three computers and two iPhones. Any other place would have charged $30 for each. With these savings, the room was a true bargain.	
Aug 2 2009 	Just like Hotel Babylon!	As you walk into this hotel you know it is going to be very special. Check-in was great, very personal service. Our room was 267 very quiet not a great view but hey you don't spend too much time in your room do you?Bathroom huge, fantastic shower and fluffy towels. Lots of lovely smellies to use too.The Mayfair Bar serves the best Mojitos in town and is opposite Nobu so you can sit and celeb spot along with all of the paparazzi and autograph hunters around the area.A stones throw from The Hard Rock Cafe, Harrods, Harvey Nicks and Oxford Street.All in all a great time...will be going back again in October for my birthday!!	
Aug 1 2009 	Awful Hotel Stay Away	We arrived and were told our reservation was canceled. We produced a print out of confirmation and were then told there was no credit card guarantee. We called U.S. Radisson who then confirmed card provided. Still no room. After twenty minutes we got the manager and showed him credit card number printed on confirmation sheet. We were then told no check in before 8PM. And that we would have to move rooms the next day… Never even an apology. I travel a lot. Have never seen a hotel treat people this way. we were far from only ones. Avoid this hotel at all costs. They do not like or respect folks who book online.	
Jul 31 2009 	Location location location...	As the title suggests, the location of this hotel is sought after. It is within walking distance to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Leicester Square (Chinatown). There is a supermarket across the street, and a Boots pharmacy a block away. There are restaurants and a huge multi-level bookstore called Waterstones nearby. My kids loved going there to read. I stayed at The MayFair for 7 nights with my husband and two kids, ages 7 and 9. The May Fair is more of a business hotel but we still enjoyed staying there as a family with young kids. We would definitely go back and stay there. We were on the 5th floor and did not have any noise problems. We originally got a small room but then we requested a larger room for the 4 of us. It was slightly larger. The room was clean and the bathroom is a good size with a shower and a bathtub. The shower does not have a door, it only has a small glass partition, so water would get out and the floor would get really wet after a shower. Though I have to say sometimes housecleaning would come and make up the room in the early evening, but not consistently every night though.The one complaint I have is my husband left me an envelope with the room keys at the Concierge desk for me to pick up at the desk when I arrive at the hotel. But the hotel staff couldn't find it. I waited for along time and it seems they had lost it. I finally asked for another set of keys and went up to the room and found the envelope inside the room!	
Jul 28 2009 	They most certainly are NOT 'fair' as their name implies!	Initially, I was delighted at the price, location and first impressions. Sadly, however, it was all downhill from there- The fridge was missing all but someone's left over food (seriously-presigious I think not!) and when it was reported, it stayed there until we left! Furthermore, we were asked if we'd consumed anything from the mini-bar - so had the report had not even been logged I ask?The air-con leaked so that there was a large wet patch on the floor, in the middle of the room. When reported, a dressing gown was used to catch the water, there was no offer of a room change.On mentioning these problems, we were told it would be looked into, but it wasn't- on our departure we waited to be apologised to or informed about the reasons as to why the standards were so poor, and instead we had to again say what had been wrong.The duty manager said he could not do anything and would get the General Manager to ring- when she did, a free upgrade was offered. The breakfast was plentiful and would definitely suit all, but that is it I am afraid!! They even had they cheek to charge for using the t.v/radio (needless to say we didn't use these at all)!Now why on earth would I part with my money to this hotel ever again? For a free upgrade? No I think not.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel but Accessible room it was not	My husband surprised me by booking this 5 star hotel. My first question to him as he is a wheelchair user was is it accessible for him. He said he had made sure of that when he booked the room.Well after checking in and a helpful man named John helped us to our room and showed us where everything was. I said to him that as my husband was a wheelchair user and he has limited mobility he could not use the shower as there were no handrails. This is a definate need for someone disabled, either that or a fold up wall stool. John then arranged for a bath stool to come to the room however it was very low and so my husband couldn't use it. After some help from me he managed to stand when using the shower.The manager on duty that day was very good and apologised for this and saw that we were looked after in the lovely restaurant. The food was out of this world and my husband and myself enjoyed every bite.If the handrails were put on the walls in the accessible rooms we would stay here again.The downside was the maid that knocked on our door at 10.00am asking if we wanted service and I said no, and again at 10.30am asking the same question. I did say that we will leave the room at 11.00am check out time and she can then clean it.	
Jul 26 2009 	excellent stay- only some little problems (our maid)	I think it's one of the best hotels we've stayed. We arrived very early in London and went to the Mayfair. We did the Check-In an could left our luggage there. The staff was very friendly and helpful.On our stay we had two little problems. Our safe was still closed. We told it the Concierge, but I think they forgott it. The safe was still closed at our departure. The other Problem was our wardrobe. It was very hard to open it, but not a big problem.Our maid wasn't very friendly (I think she can't speak english), and once she forgott to fill up the toilet paper. We told it to the Concierge and max. 5 minutes later we had some.Great service from the Concierge!The Mayfair is very great located, in about 5 to 10 minutes (by feet) you are at the Picadilly, Oxford Street, Buckingham Palace, .......	
Jul 24 2009 	First Class Service!	Recently I stayed for 4 nights with my partner at the Mayfair and did not quite know what to expect. We were regular guests when it was previously the Intercontinental Mayfair. The public areas and room was certainly much niceer than before after the extensive renovation program. Cool, clean and modern best describe the establishment. We had a slight problem during check in and was told there were no twin beded rooms available even though it was almost 2.30pm. However, we could see that the staff at the reception was trying their very best to secure us a room ASAP. That immediately made me very happy as we both feel they genuinely care. In the end without much delay we were assigend a room. Our entire stay was trouble free and the level of attention that the staff lavished on us was quite outstanding. Nothing was too much trouble and from the breakfast wait staff to the concierge to the bell/door man they were all professionals their roles. I have stayed in a lot of 5 star properties around the world but I must admit, whomever trained this excellent group of people I have to take my hat off to. Bravo and I most definitely would be back the next time I am in London. Thanks for making people dreams a reality.	
Jul 24 2009 	Marvellous May Fair	We booked 2 twin rooms here as part of a theatre package and got a very good deal with breakfast included (it would have been £22.50 each otherwise). This really is a 5* hotel, cheery and helpful doormen, friendly and efficient reception staff and a warm, welcoming team in the dining room all made us feel like valued guests. The rooms were big, with extremely comfortable beds, air-conditioning and windows which could open. Bathrooms were bright and clean and towels were changed twice a day, which was a real luxury as we were showering in the morning and again in the evening before going out. As long as it doesn't get too expensive here we will definitely be back.	
Jul 21 2009 	What a fantastic stay!	Having stayed at many top hotels in the city of London and around the world for that matter I can honestly say that The Mayfair is one of the best I have ever stayed in. From the prompt and quick friendly service at the reception desk, to the immaculately presented guest rooms with exquisite furnishings and high quality technology, The Mayfair is most definitely the place to stay. Some may say it is expensive, and over priced, but you really do get what you pay for. Forget the dilapidated Ritz down the road, as soon as you enter The Mayfair you know it is always kept clean and tidy, always of the best presentation and with staff really enjoy working there and aim to please very wish of the guest.Need I really say any more..? If your looking for a high class hotel, that's modern and friendly, with great rooms and great customer service, and within a stones throw from Oxford/Regent Street, then you MUST go to The Mayfair!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	Stayed here as part of a weekend Hotel/West End show package and had a great time.Room was a decent size with modern decor and fittings-although the outside windows could do with a clean!We had dinner at the Hotel Restaurant both evenings. On the Saturday we met up with friends and had the pre Theatre menu which was excellent. On Sunday because Mayfair is &quot;closed&quot; we dined there again and the food quality was of a very high standard. The Moroccan waiter was very good and his advice on the wines was spot on. As you might expect the breakfasts were also good.I used the gym which was quite small but did not get crowded and there was also a spa.We used the Hotel as a base for sightseeing and had lovely morning strolls around the Royal Parks. Also with Green Park Tube nearby it was easy to get to other areas and handy for Euston to get the train home.Just one gripe-at checkout a deduction of 50p for some Children's Charity was put on our bill-and we were then asked if we were happy to pay it. Obviously you do not want to appear like scrooge and of course we left it on. But as a matter of principle we all have charities that we support and the choice should not be made for us. It would be better if they just had a collection pot for loose change or better still show some corporate responsibility and give a proportion of their profits to the Charity.Anyway gripe aside we would definitely stay here again for a similar sort of weekend package.	
Jul 19 2009 	A personal fridge on request... need I say more?	The May Fair is in a fantastic location. Short walk from St James Park and the tube station by the same name. The rooms were roomy and comfortable with no luxury spared! A television in the bathroom included, of course! A cab is always waiting for you and a staff member always ready to take your bags, the concierge at the ready to book a West End show or make a booking at a recommended restaurant. Nothing is too much for the staff, which was proven to us on 2 separate occasions. 1) We had bought some food items at the supermarket down the road that needed to be refrigerated, but we couldn't put them in the minibar because it had a sensor that automatically charged to your bill. So the staff arranged for a PERSONAL FRIDGE to be brought up to us so we could refrigerate all but 3 tubs of yoghurt. 2) Accidentally dropped a large take-away container of hot coffee in front of the lift. (You can imagine...) We informed a staff member and they replied &quot;Not a problem sir&quot; with a friendly smile. The May Fair allows you to explore the city of London with ease and comfort.	
Jul 12 2009 	A fantastic weekend at The Mayfair	I've recently returned from an amazing weekend in London, after staying in the dashing Mayfair hotel, Stratton street. The hotel has just undergone a £14 million refurb and it looks stunning. The staff are so friendly and helpful and make you feel like you're the only person staying in the hotel. At the time of our stay, Paris Hilton, Peaches Geldof, Katie Price and the Saudi prince were all staying there so the paparazzi were everywhere which is great of you're into that sort of thing. The tube is accross the road, and its so close to Bond street, Park lane, Piccadilly etc. I recommend this hotel to anyone who doesnt mind paying a bit more money for better quality.	
Jul 9 2009 	Stay at the May Fair in London to know 5 star service	While Radisson has a modest reputation in the U.S., the May Fair in London is really a 5 star hotel. The room was terrific but the staff was what made the stay excellent. They really take service and respect to a new level.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect Location	I would definitely stay here again. A nice hotel in a perfect location, right in the center of London, near Green Park, Berkeley Square and the tube -- we got an unbelievable internet rate. The staff was helpful and our rooms were nice. The business center and gym were convenient and the free wireless was much appreciated by my teenager. My one piece of advice is to skip the overpriced breakfast and go to the nice pub on Charles St. just a block away or find a place on Picadilly.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent	Stayed for one night only on 2nd July 2009 whilst attending the tennis at Wimbledon. On this occasion it was booked via SuperBreak as the whole package including first class rail travel from Devon couldn't be bettered.We have stayed here in the past but not since the refurb'. The whole experience was first rate from check in to check out. We arrived early for the tennis and our room was ready at 10.30am! The room was clean and comfortable with a Bang &amp; Olufsen TV. The position is great as all of the shopping we wanted to do is within walking distance, (if the weather is good). Green Park tube is about a 2 minute walk and the Hard Rock Cafe about a 5 minute walk. I recall the breakfast used to be good on our prior visits, but the staff and quality of the food this time was excellent.We will be back on our next London visit.	
Jul 3 2009 	Amazing hotel fantastic staff	This hotel is very modern and fashionable, yet still comfortable. The rooms are nicely appointed with all the conveniences. Beds are fantastic, i didnt want to get up in the morning. Our rate included breakfast which was delicious.But what truely sets this hotel apart from other 5* properties is the staff. Everyone we met from the doormen, front desk staff, waiters and bar staff etc, truely made you feel welcome and as though they were glad to have you as their guest. Nothing was ever too much trouble. One of the managers, Tom, greeted us like an old friend every time we met him.There are usually a few paparazzi outside the hotel as it is popular with young celebrities at the moment.I had a wonderful massage at the spa, and spent some time in the steam and sauna which was never busy and therefore very relaxingI cant wait to return here again.	
Jun 29 2009 	No Way Is This Hotel A 5 Star!	Booked this hotel through an offer they had on their website for Easter - Easter Egg on arrival and book of vouchers included. Front of staff knew nothing of this. Our room was situated on a floor which was a smoking floor, albeit the other end. Even so, the smell of smoke was terrible. We were offered another room which was just as bad, a third try rectified the problem. Rooms are not that great, already looking tired - we have stayed on several occasions since the refurbishment. Went to the bar at night and ordered champagne coctail - the drinks brochure states they use Moet &amp; Chandon but the barmen actually used a far inferior brand of champagne. When we questioned this he stated that's what they have always used!! So the price for the drink is a total rip off for what they actually serve you. The coctail was very poor - ingredients were definately not as listed - fruit juice from a carton were used as opposed to the fresh juices stated. Nobody gives a toss about complaints and I for one would not go back to this hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	a first-class experience	Fantastic service, excellent food and all round first-class experience - and free wifi internet everywhere!	
Jun 27 2009 	Perfect	Beautiful rooms, modern contemporary, very nicely appointed, perfectly clean with beautiful bathrooms and even a heated rack to keep your towels warm. To top it off the tv's are bang &amp; olufsen.the staff is great very very very polite, and helpful. The location is just perfect.. a short stroll to the best shopping, picadilly circus and the queens palace.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great rooms!!	We stayed at this hotel for one night for our anniversary, and booked a deluxe room.. The hotel is in a great location just off Berkley Square and central to everything, with Bond street, Picadilly Circus, Buckingham Palace all within easy reach. The hotel is beautiful in all areas, the rooms are spacious and clean with flat screen TV. They are decorated quite contemporary and are absolutely gorgeous, with great bathrooms double sinks etc. The shower wasn't that great though. and I agree with other reviewers that having the wardrobe in the bathroom is strange, though this didn't bother us as we were there 1 night.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant though it looked lovely. We did have room service for breakfast which was nice if a bit cold, but the sausages were the best i've tasted!!The bar was great it gets really busy in the evening and has a funky wine bar vibe, quite trendy. The drink prices were resonable compared to other 5* hotel prices.All in all I would definitely go back to this hotel we loved it, out of 4 hotels that we have stayed in in london this was the best!	
Jun 25 2009 	The studio rooms are amazing!	This hotel is highly recommended.The staff are very attentive and helpful as required.We stayed in room 207 called the Nero suite, this i believe comes under the studio heading although not certain. It is a junior suite with a leather based bed, hand made wool carpet (black and white squiggly lines not to be stared at for too long), bathroom with two basins, bath, seperate shower.The hotel did have a function on somewhere, the disco went on until midnight and thumped a bit, just bad timing i guess. I am sure its not usually like that.The breakfast was superb, cold buffet incl fresh fruits/cereals/cheese etc as expected, the hot food was included and cooked to order and served by your waiter. This included a full breakfast, omelettes and kippers.Excellent choice of hotel!	
Jun 25 2009 	how cool is this place ? stay anywhere else at your peril	this is just the best place to stay. bang in the middle of west one, london. uber cool design, big quiet (in contrast to the jumping and pumping bars and lobby) bedrooms, 12 hour beds, take- a- friend showers....you get the picture.they have a pretty happening bar scene at this place. resident dj, lots of pretty boys and even prettier girls. and mean cocktails, all served by attitude free bar staff.the lobby here is also great to mill about in and people watch - in fact it was celeb central when we were there. this meant check out took a while but hey - who cares !	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent London hub	My firm has a limited range of hotels for staff to stay in when travelling. This is usually a very troubling situation, but the Mayfair was actually tremendous. A very nice room (with no outlook whatsoever) only drawback being the stink of cigarette in a non-smoking zone. It took 4 calls to housekeeping for them to eventually arrive with the deodourizer.Outside that hiccough the staff was very efficient and I was able to negotiate a lower charge than the egregious STG70 for a phone call back to Australia to report a lost Blackberry. It was still ridiculous and anyone who voluntarily uses their hotel phone is probably insane.The location is perfect if like me you want to escape the City at the end of your working day. I actually look forward to staying here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Stylish 	I recently had a 6 night stay at the Mayfair with my 18 year old niece and we were very impressed from start to finish with the hotel and its staff. Check-in was fast and smooth which was greatly appreciated after a long night flight from the US. I enjoyed the spacious room with the ultra modern bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and we made good use of the extra pillows provided in the closet. I especially enjoyed the terrycloth robe and slippers after a shower.My niece loved the free wireless internet service since she brought along her laptop which she used extensively. We also used the hotel business center for printing services.Our room rate included breakfast and we enjoyed the buffet and the hot entrees offered. We also had lunch a couple of times in the bar and although it was always full, the service was impeccable. I was very impressed with the concierge staff, especially Jeremy. They helped us with directions, tour information, and great tickets to “Wicked” with 90 minutes notice.The hotel location was the best since we were close to the Green Park tube station where the Double Decker Tour Bus also has a stop.The only minor problem we had was with the Mini Bar in our room. It’s touch sensitive, so if you pick up or remove any item, you’re charged for it. I asked the staff to remove all items from the fridge so I could store personal snacks and I was charged for every item. However upon pointing this out to the staff at checkout, they apologized and the charges were quickly removed. All in all, it's hard to impress a teenager these days, but the May Fair succeeded and we can't wait to return to this awesome, elegant and friendly hotel on our next trip to London.	
Jun 24 2009	Fantastic Hotel - Highly Recommended!	I took my mother to stay at the May Fair for her birthday last month and we could not have had a more enjoyable stay. I had booked a twin room for our stay and on check-in we were very kindly upgraded to a fabulous twin room which benefitted from having two bathrooms - a first in my experience! The room was beautifully decorated, spacious and having two bathrooms really made all the difference. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or friendly and concierge managed to secure us fantastic seats for Les Mis on the Saturday evening at very short notice. We went to the May Fair Bar to sample some of their delicious cocktails and whilst it was very busy, the staff were extremely attentive and also managed to find us a table. All in all, I cannot recommend the hotel enough - I will definitely be staying again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel; Great Location; Great Service; Great Staff;	Staff was prompt and courteous; Room was very large in size (especially for London) and had excellent amenities. Service staff was very attentive and polite and helpful. Location near Picadilly is very convenient. Short walk to Subway station Green Park. You can easily and inexpensively get to the hotel from Heathrow by taking the Subway (Underground) directly. Just get on the Picadilly line at the airport and in about 40 minutes, you will get off at Green Park at a low cost of 4 British Pounds. Location is walking distance to Picadilly, Trifalgar Square, White Hall, Buckingham Palace.	
Jun 24 2009 	Favorite hotel on earth!	The May Fair Hotel is by far the greatest hotel I have ever stayed in. I have been to London 7 times in the past several years and always return to the May Fair for an incredible stay.From the moment you approach the hotel, the doormen greet you with a smile. You will never open a door for yourself. In fact, they even remembered part of our party from the year before and greeted him by name. A very nice touch.The hotel has an INCREDIBLE smell...I wish I could figure out how to bring it home with me. They make the scent come through the vents, so if you're smell sensitive, then I wouldn't stay there. That being said, the scent doesn't go into the room, just the public spaces.The rooms in the hotel are fantastic. Comfortable beds, immaculately clean, modern design, spacious bathrooms with hair dryers, magnifying mirrors, ipod alarm clock, lots of counterspace, and great smelling bath products. Your key is required to use the elevator, which is great, as it keeps the hotel quiet. I was never woken up by any noise. The breakfast at Amba is rather expensive, so try to get it included in your rate. If you can, it's worth your while to try it just once. Very delicious and excellent service. Buffet includes tons of pastries - croissants, danishes, muffins, cupcakes. Also lots of fresh cut fruit and cereal, yogurt, granola. The hot food is also great, and it's not served buffet style, so you order as you like and it is delievered to you with adorable toast triangles in a little holder. It's nice to know the hot food hasn't been sitting out for hours, and you can choose from the freshly replenished cold buffet to supplement your ordering. They also have a great selection of cheeses, cold meats, and juices, too. The hotel location is fabulous - within a 2 minute walk to Green Park subway station, and you can walk to so many wonderful places. Leicester Square is a 10-15 minute walk, and so is Piccadilly. Starbucks is just around the corner, as is Nobu, as popular sushi restaurant. There's a great french restaurant within walking distance, too, called Le Boudin Blanc. Highly recommend it. This hotel is the perfect location as everything is accessible from it. I can't say enough about that!The hotel also offers free internet access in their computer lab, which is wonderful for staying in touch with family and friends back home. Overall, you will not go wrong with this hotel. It is wonderful and I would move in if I could. I wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else. The price is steep, but you really do get what you pay for.	
Jun 22 2009 	Top Notch Service	For business meetings this hotel was fantastic. The planning as well as support onsite was top notch. I also found this hotel to be in a great location within the city. I loved the fact that I could walk to shops, restaurants, pubs, etc.	
Jun 22 2009 	Consistently Tops	I have been working in London on and off every two weeks for about a year now. Most of my stays are with the Mayfair hotel. It really is 5 star without being so uptight. Te food is great and the atmosphere always seems to have something going on with big stars and paparazzi often in the lobby. You can even walk to Buckingham Palace The only problem i've had was having to ask for an extra sheet (they only have one on the bed), which was delivered promptly. A great hotel and a consistent experience.	
Jun 18 2009 	Amazing!!	I had booked this hotel as I liked what I read on Trip Adviser. On arrival the contempory lobby was very impressive. The checkin was smooth, the staff extremely polite and efficient! I cheekily asked for an upgrade as it was my first time that I was visiting a west end theatre. The checkin staff obliged and upgraded my to a family room.I have travelled to the far corners of the world and stayed at some amazing hotels. This was up there with the best!!!!The room was extremely stylish - very modern - with top end fittings - accessories!I did not try the restaurants but if the rest of the hotel was anything to go by - then im sure they would have been exceptional.!!!A superb experience.... Thank You	
Jun 15 2009 	great hotel with a great price!!!!	We loved this hotel- the rooms were quite large by European standards as well as the bathrooms! great water pressure in the showers! The concierge was quite helpful in getting us around and telling us places to eat. this hotel has a great location-- close to buckingham palace and the underground. My husband kept asking me if I was sure the room rate was correct--We paid for a Radisson but stayed at a Fabulous hotel!!! My only complaint is the pillows are foam and not feather they are quite hard.	
Jun 14 2009 	Outstanding with superb spa centre in the basement. Recommended.	As you would expect, a superb high-class hotel with comfortable rooms, modern bathrooms, tasteful decor and good food. Breakfast superb. The view from my room was a bit dismal but more than made up for by the superb spa centre in the basement. I enjoyed a full body massage by a charming therapist and spent a long time relaxing in the sauna and relax rooms afterwards. They bring you tea and fruit and pamper you thoroughly. They do not have a hard line about attire in the mixed sauna, which is very refreshing for those of us used to saunas in Finland and Sweden, but do be discreet and tasteful nonetheless. This is a real find and a relaxing treat from the bustle of city life a couple of floors above. Only gripe: the concierge (who spoke very bad English) directed me to the wrong pay car park a few blocks away when I arrived out of hours (normally they collect your car for you), which ended up with me getting lost and incurring much higher parking charges than the hotel deal. But the hotel manager responded very generously to my complaint afterwards, so I have nothing to complain about. I look forward to my next stay at the Mayfair!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel centrally located with cool bar and restaurant.	I had a very good experience at the May Fair. The staff were very welcoming and helpful, the room was good (slightly on the small side but you tend to get that in London) and the hotel amentities were excellent. The location is fantastic and I walked from there right around London from Chelsea right across to Aldwich with ease.Would definately recommend and go back again.	
Jun 9 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	After reading some of the reviews I have to say that we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Radisson Mayfair - my 4th visit in a year. Although the rooms are a little strange in that the wardrobe is in the bathroom and the hairdryer can only be used in the bathroom, so the space cannot be freed up for someone else to use I think these are minor inconveniences more than made up for by the location and comfortable bed. Room was a little noisy - they seem to have forgotten about sound proofing the windows during the refurbishment but the staff are fabulous - especially Darren, the concierge, who can magic up tickets for even the more elusive shows. Well done him!! The guys on the door also make for a welcoming arrival. Any problems we have had have been rectified immediately and I have always found the reception staff to be very polite and welcoming. As to rooms not being ready on arrival, this happened on our first visit but now when booking we give the approx time of arrival and the room has been ready for us every time. Keep up the good work everyone at the Radisson Mayfair - looking forward to our next visit-hopefully in the not too distant future!!	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	What can I say about this hotel it is fantastic...!LocationYou cannot get better it is right in the middle of everything, but just out of the madness ServiceThe service that we received was great and the reception staff were very helpful, happy and smiling.The RoomI have stayed at many great hotels over the last few years and this one rates as one of the best .I would recommend this hotel to everyone looking for a great hotel experience	
Jun 3 2009 	Location great hotel not so great service poor	We got off to a bad start after been checked in which was a fairly cold and souless experience we went to our room only to find it was already occupied. The bed was unmade and someone's luggage was in the room along with toiletries etc. Returning down to reception I then had to queue for 20 mins. The receptionist who I talked to was not in the slightest bit concerned we had been allocated someone elses room and only when prompted by me apologised. There was a lot of huffing and puffing to find another room I was made to feel this was my fault. The rooms (ours was a deluxe) are certainly not 5 star and had we paid a full rate would have been a massive let down. They are decorated in that mushroomy colour which seems so popular these days and our view was onto other hotel rooms in all directions. The bed was amazingly comfortable. The bathroom was bizzare in that it contained your wardrobe - open, iron, spare pillows etc. Everything was exposed to the shower meaning somethings were damp. Also as the mirror was in there if you wanted to apply make up and dry your hair the bathroom was occupied for a long time. The &quot;wet room&quot; shower was no more than a shower head which spat a dribble of water and a screen.We did try the bar on the Friday evening but after waiting 30 mins gave up and went back to our room. The bar staff just ignored us in favour of those they seemed to no.Location is brilliant and most places are within a comfortable walking distance. Just round the corner there is Shepherd's market with fabulous little restaurants and just as close is the Wolseley which is a great restaurant in a really gorgeous room.We didn't have breakfast as I thought it was overpriced for what it was. If you want to venture on to Piccaddilly I reccomend Henry's and the Wolseley or there are vairous coffee places.Check out was smooth but again the staff displayed complete disinterest in whether we had a good stay. We left our luggage and when we returned it took the chap 10 minutes to find it.I travel a lot for business and in my view this is no way a 5 star hotel and certainly not by raddisson standards (try the one in Krakow) the area is brilliant would stay there again but would definitely want to stay somewhere with better service and staff who actually care about your enjoyment.	
Jun 1 2009 	A wonderful weekend at the May Fair	Had the pleasure of staying at The May Fair bank holiday weekend and couldn't have made a better choice. The family room we requested was perfectly presented and the ameneties were perfect. Smart, stylish and sassy - The May Fair has something to suit everyone. Had the pleasure of eating in the 'Amba' restaurant on the friday night - we were served by 'Chief' who was amazing and looked after our party all night - the service was super professional but not delivered in the usual 'snooty' way for a five star hotel. We like staff that like to chat and enquire as to why we are at the hotel and every staff member couldn't have done more for us !!!! Breakfast both mornings was wonderful - lots of fresh fruit, the yummiest yogurts and the fullest english you could ask for!!!	
May 30 2009 	Very upmarket 	This is definately five star. Expensive but worth it. In a vert good position for walking round the West End, but also very near to Green Park underground. Go for it!	
May 30 2009 	Fab Stay at the May Fair Hotel	My mother &amp; I went to London for girlie wkend in May. It was our first time to London and we decided to stay at the May Fair. We spent 3 nights there from a Thurs to Sun. As it was my mams bday I wanted somewhere special for us to stay.The hotel was fab. Great location. Great Service.There was fantastic atmosphere in bar and there was one girl working in there(cant remember her name but she had long blonde hair) that made us really welcome. Will definetly be back again for another wkend	
May 25 2009 	First class	Excellent services, smilling peoples and very good ambiance.	
May 18 2009 	highly recommend	Great location near Green Park tube stop. Nice size room, friendly and knowledgeable staff	
May 17 2009 	A wonderful break...	We spent just one night at The May Fair Hotel. We wanted somewhere special and the hotel and rooms were gorgeous. Disappointing that we could not check in on time and had to wait until late afternoon for our room but other than that the service was great. The room was huge and wonderfully decorated. Thought payment for the use of the internet was unnecessary. All in all a wonderful break - though pricey	
May 15 2009 	Great location great value	The hotel is located in Mayfair (2 steps from Picadilly and Green Park station) perfectly for shopping or business delaings in London. My rate included breakfast, and it was excellent! Not all rooms are perfect in terms of size and location, but reception were attentive and let me change my room twice to find the most suitable one.	
May 14 2009 	As usual - a fantastic stay and surrounding a part from business	Not only that this hotel is situated very central, but whenever I arrive at the May Fair I always say to myself &quot;I'm back home&quot;. This might be, because I have been there for several times now and people get me to know, but even for people who will be there for the first time (you have to start once), I can absolutely recommend the stay at May Fair. I'm so persuaded of the professional service and the &quot;ambience&quot; that I have decided to pass my wedding anniversary at May Fair. Absolute &quot;TOP&quot;	
May 10 2009 	Nice location disapointing hotel	I am just back from a weekend break at The May Fair Hotel, where my wife and I stayed in a 1 King Bed-Superior Room. It was our 5th Wedding Anniversary. We arrived on friday evening and the location was perfect. The check in was smooth, but the clerk did not seem interested in providing us information about the hotel without us first asking a question.The room was supposed to be a 1 King Bed-Superior Room, but to be honest there was barely any room to swing a cat. We have a king size bed at home, which is definetly bigger than the one in our hotel room. The bedroom and bathroom were a bit cramped/on top of each other to be honest.The room we were in may have been an afterthought by the designers, as it may have been a converted broom cupboard. Very noise also from the hotel corridors.We went to the May Fair Bar on friday night, but waited approx 30 minutes to be served. I would have thought that as residents we might stand some chance of getting good service.We were awoken each morning at 0830 to the cleaning lady coming into our room, even though we had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on.We did not get extra towels, or a turn down service either night, which seemed strange for a luxury hotel.The check out on the Sunday was a bit of a feeding frenzy at approx 1100.This hotel may be marketed as a 5 star, and for location it certainly is, but for rooms and service I think it is probably a 4 star.	
May 9 2009 	Enjoyable and Wonderful Hotel	This Hotel, one of the most beautiful &quot;Design Hotels&quot; I ever seen!! We took a Superior Double Room, and our stay was really &quot;perfect&quot; the concierge team was really caring!the room was really very large and furnished with cool minimal furnitures... Japanese Prints on the wall, Bang-Olufsen Flat TV... Internet connection.. the room was equipped with all conforts you could need...Finally a Hotel designed for 360degrees taking care of people.	
May 8 2009 	Fantastic and Wonderful Hotel	The May Fair Hotel in London is a great Hotel. Location, amenities and above all, services are excellent. It is conveniently located in close proximity to most of the main London attractions...practically neighbors with the beautiful green park and buckingham palace, and the ever so stimulating &quot;time square&quot; like quality of Picadilly Circus. Also, very accesible to the bus stops and underground tube stations. The hotel itself is elegant and tastefully decorated. It is very clean.The services are great as well, people are very friendly and polite. Concierge service very helpful. Would definitely go back and stay there again!!! A wonderful experience..	
May 8 2009 	Wonderful experience - Recommended Hotel	We stayed 3 nights in a King Superior Room. Room was super - clean modern and &quot;High Tech&quot;. Bathroom was large and practical. For a London Hotel rooms were spacious. We found the hotel rooms to be very comfortable, peaceful and quiet. Perfect for a good night's sleep. Service was excellent. Location is perfect - next to Green Park Station Underground on the Piccadily Line so easy access to everywhere and within walking distance of great shopping and Buckingham Palace.	
May 8 2009 	Looking for Great Location } Radission Edwards May fair	We liked the Mayfair area and the nice quiet hotel location. The hotel location is near everything you may want after a long day. It is near Green Park Tube Station and catch buses for day trips. Several parks are around to walk to for quiet stop before and after to sit and have a coffee. The hotel rooms are HVAC and kept very clean. The staff were very helpful and made the stay nice. It was great to find an upscale hotel at reasonable (London Hotel) price. We would have like to see ice in the room, but remember your in England. Bottomline they do what they say and delivery a great quiet room(King size bed room).	
May 8 2009 	Simply Fantastic	We had the most wonderful of times and the Hotel only added to our whole London weekend experience. The staff were all very helpful and attentive, nothing was too much trouble. All in All, we felt very cared for. So, much so, that the first thing we did when we got home was book to go again. The room that we had was very large and comfortable, it was not the typical London hotel room experience where the room is only ever so slightly larger than your bed. As it says in the title, it was simply fantastic......	
May 7 2009 	Excellent hotel for service and location	The May Fair is an excellent hotel in the May Fair section of London near Green Park and within a 5 minute walk of St James Park and Buckingham Place. Great service from the staff who went out of their way to help us with our vacation stay. When we return to London I will stay here again due to the wonderful time we had and the quality of the hotel and its level of service.	
May 4 2009 	Perfect for families	We stayed 5 nights at The Mayfair with 2 kids,aged 3 yrs and 9 months. The location is unbelievable.You have a Marks and Spencer and a Sainsbury at your doorstep.We had breakfast at the Pret and lunch at EAT just outside. We toured to the science museum, Natural History museum, Transport museum, Buckingham palace. Walked through Hyde Park and went to the Diana Memorial playground Kensington Gardens, playground at Regents park. We shopped Sloane st and Old Bond st and Oxford st. We hardly used transport as we walked everywhere. There is a tube station right there. You are in the middle of that all.Even if you do take taxis...nothing is far from this hotel. The rooms are clean and modern.I read the reviews about them being sparce with decor...but with kids you just need space. The rooms are a nice size especially the family rooms. The staff were very nice. The room service was good as is the kids menu there.The bar is the place to be and the hotel has a nice feel. Another thing to treat yourself is right by the hotel is The Worseley for tea or breakfast and fortnum and Mason for tea or breakfast. We also did High tea at The Browns hotel/ Real treat. all in walking distance. I saw a few reviews about not having the rooms ready. When we arrived they gave us one to use until ours was ready. I would definitely stay here again. My only complaint is the rooms dont always get done early and turn down doesnt always happen.	
May 4 2009 	Perfect place to stay on business in London	I have returned to the May Fair several times now on business trips. Centrally located in the upscale Mayfair District, close to the Embassy and government offices and within walking distance of everything else. The staff is excellent, the hotel is nicely updated and the rooms were clean, quiet and nicely appointed for a fair price.	
May 4 2009 	A wonderful stay	Pros:- the breakfast was excellent with fresh fruit, gourmet yogurt and jams, eggs, smoked salmon, fresh squeezed orange juice and more.- the room was very comfortable and so was the bed.- the service could not have been better.- great location for seeing many of the tourist sites- it had a hip, modern feel that I enjoy in hotels. The art work was first class.Cons:- room was cozy. We had the lowest level room. For more money we may have gotten a larger room.- the restaurant across the street, Nadu, was loud late at night. This might have been an exceptionally loud crowd or it might be the norm.	
May 4 2009 	Fresh Rooms	Was upgraded from theBloomsbury Hotel to May Fair . Not ideal loation for the business I do in London but for those wanting to be in Mayfair, you cant go wrong. Clean, neat rooms in the heart of the buzz. Was impressed with the modern refurbished look ...not what you expect from a Radisson. Service was non existent, but from a asthetic point of view, the rooms were very nicely furnished with great in room facilities.	
Apr 29 2009 	Front Desk Challenges	Knowing the mixed reviews we chose May Fair for overall ratings and location. I am a Gold level Radisson member and used points for the stay. Booked a King Deluxe. Checked in on line for Radisson Express but desk had no knowledge upon arrival. Assigned a small room facing a brick wall for a weeks vacation stay. Had we not be on vacation and staying for a week it would have been fine. Requested second room (Rm 656). Adequate large room. Discovered major leak in ceiling in 4 locations that evening. Requested third room. Previewed before moving. Smaller room and a downgrade from leaking room. Returned to desk seeking manager. Sylvia (asst mngr) jumped into action and promised us another room next day and complimentary breakfast for duration of stay. Disappointing that front desk's attitude was that they were too busy to care. Never an apology from any front desk employee other than Sylvia who was very professional and nice.. Challenges weren't over....We provided our room number for breakfast but were chased out the door for eating/fleeing. Desk had never communicated we had free breakfast. Each day the restaurant employee would be confused and have to call desk to confirm. Meanwhile, one day of restaurant charges still ended up on our bill. We had mini bar emptied to avoid charges but all items ($130 pounds) were placed on our bill. Both issues resolved quickly w/o explanation. Fire alarm went off one morning every hour on the hour from 4 – 7am. Confirmed false alarm at desk but again no concern that the entire hotel was awakened. Only other negative was a presence of &quot;ladies of evening&quot; in lobby and loitering outside, especially on wkend. A woman left message on our room phone, then called back asking for Tony and wanting to know &quot;Is it going to happen? Are we going to get together?&quot; To dissuade her from more calls, my husband told her &quot;Tony&quot; had left country on an airplane :) The positives included great conceirge staff (David?), housekeeping, bellstaff and restaurant service. Rooms were clean, generally quiet, and comfortable. Location couldn't be more convenient w/subway access to major lines, Buckingham, shopping, and origin of Red Bus Double Decker bus tours. Grocery across street, 2 Starbucks, and Marks and Spencer Express Market all stones throw away. Felt very safe in the neighborhood. Would I stay here again with points for free...probably. However, I would have been very frustrated if I were paying $400-500 a night. Sad that the Front Desk team has so many opportunities for improvement to get it together and be kind to guests as this hotel has the potential to truly be great. Obviously, I was quite happy to return to my regular Radisson last week back in the U.S. with everything running like clockwork!	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice Hotel - a little Expensive for what it was......	We stayed at The May Fair for one night as a suprise for my partners birthday, and we thought the hotel itself was nice. Was situated in a good location, in a very nice area. The room was of a decent size, with an excellent bathroom, although the door didnt allow for much privacy! The staff were friendly when we arrived, but we didnt really speak to them much, just on arriving and checking out. BEWARE they have the automated charging mini bars, i looked at a bottle of wine and nearly paid the price!! Its not exactly cheap either!!The only real issue we had with the hotel were the other guests, there was a hen night group that were staying in the hotel, but instead of enjoy their evening, they decided to kill one another by the sounds of it! There was at least an hour of very loud shouting, swearing and door banging at around 4 am, and this was from at least 10 doors down the corridor. Eventually one other guest lost his cool with them, and yet another argument ensued! so not the most relaxing or romantic nights sleep, as you can imagine!The hotel was by no means awful and we still had a good time, but the staff need to take control of problems like these if it is supposed to be a higher class establishment.By the way Gordon Ramsey's at Claridges is highly reccomended as that was also part of our little trip :o)	
Apr 23 2009 	Would come back here if in London	I quite enjoyed my stay at the May Fair. The hotel was a short walk from the Green Park tube station, which is a straight shot on the Picadilly Line from Heathrow. From here, we were able to enjoy some of the sights of London, including the nearby Buckingham Palace and a bit further walk to the Parliamant Buildings and Westminster Abbey.The lobby is modern, my room updated with very nice furnishings and a very good looking black-tiled bathroom. My rate included free internet, but somehow my colleague paid $20 more and didn't get internet, not sure what that was about.Concierge was very helpful picking a restaurant, and helping us figure out the best way to head to our next meeting out of the city in Beaconsfield.My only complaint is that I had a room facing a small inside court, which was essentially a view of the HVAC system. You might want to ask for an externally facing room.	
Apr 22 2009 	disappointing ...	the girl at the reception asked me if i wanted a room with a view (?) - we ended up facing an office builiding in a very small room (said to be deluxe...), which did not matter that much as we rarely were in the room except at night time however i would have exepected a more decent size ..the worst part was the bathroom, no pressure in the shower (something like a 'c' class hotel in the greek islands), no fixtures to put your shampoo, soap, etc.mediocre service, definitely not worthy of five stars. evening turndown 1 night out of 2, doormen too busy talking rather than opening the door (no revolving type).	
Apr 20 2009 	Overall excellent - couple of minor quibbles	Stayed Fri 17th-Sun 19th April 2009 in a King Deluxe room, paid 420 GBP for the room.Slight negatives:-1. Tried to check in at 12.45pm, was told room would be an hour, came back, told 45 minutes, came back told half an hour...you get the picture...anyway, eventually housed at 3.30pm. It's a courtesy to be checked in early, I understand that but to then not get honest assessments was a tad annoying. They did offer to call me though. 2. Room 515 is directly opposite the doors for housekeeping and has an area of tiling outside it as opposed to carpet elsewhere, I'm assuming for ease of maneouvering trolleys etc...needless to say this was spectacularly noisy from 7am or so and women in heels or leather shoes in general were loud.Positives:-Generally I left thinking it was the best hotel I've stayed in in London and I've stayed in maybe 7 or 8 5* places. The room was very large, bed lovely if a bit hard for my tastes, bathroom excellent, clean, dual sinks, seperate tub and shower, Gilchrist &amp; Soames products. TV was weirdly placed but the channels were good and the 24.99 GBP deal that you can get which gives you access to everything (Pay movies/internet/adult movies/CDs) for 24hrs is tremendous. Internet is charged at 5 GBP per hour normally, movies were around 8.99 GBP. That said, I think when I booked there were 'extras' that I could add on and this deal was about 9.99 GBP (could be wrong)...now that I know, I'll do that, it's a no brainer and I thought a good idea.Hotel is handy for everything, Green park is 200 yards away, Piccadilly, Soho etc all walkable. Sainsbury right across the street has everything you would need in terms of snacks, drinks, toiletries, ATM etcSeemed to be lots of high rollers at this hotel with Bentleys everywhere and whatnot. I saw another comment about ....ahem...'ladies' being around the place....that is for sure. Most hotels do have them and I'm sure most also have a blind eye policy, the probelm here is that the lifts are key card only operated, hence the hanging about in the bar/casino.I'll definitely be back if I get a decent rate.	
Apr 19 2009 	Stay spoilt by noise	We spent one night at the hotel with our 3yr old on a stopover in LDN. The main complaint was the noise level in our 2nd floor room facing the front of the hotel. There was constant noise at night from vehicles, people yelling/talking loudly (I've seen other's mention of adjacent night clubs) and unloading for the grocery store across the road. It only stopped after 4am. Luckily our 3r old slept thru the noise but my wife was up most of the night. Would certainly have requested another room had we stayed another night. The Family room we had was directly in front of the lift lobby, which meant additional noise from the inside as the lift lobbies have hard flooring. Other issues: Room was unavailable when we got to the hotel at 10am, although early check in was promised. Our first room on one of the upper floors was much quieter, by the way. Good points: Excellent concierge. The rooms are modern, avant garde and good size. The grocery store right across hotel (20 feet away) makes it very convenient to feed a 3yr old, although there's limited room in the fridge to store stuff. This makes it much easier than calling room service for milk, etc. I would stay again due to good location and large rooms but would insist on a room on a higher floor facing the back of the hotel. The view maybe worse but I suspect I'll have a better night's sleep.	
Apr 17 2009 	Making money on the sly - Charging after leaving the hotel	Room was okay but instead of the 20% discounted rate we were quoted for paying 10 days in advance, they did in fact delay taking payment from my account just so they could take the full amount - I suspect the 20% discuonted rate is false enticement. Our friends were told they could check in at 2pm and in fact were left sitting in the bar unable to check in until 6pm because they were told the previous guests had not yet left. On check out I asked if there was anything to pay and was told there was nothing. That same day they extracted money from my bank account for room service that we never had and mini bar charges. We had nothing from the minibar but asked the hotel to clear the minibar for our personal use. They charged the contents to my credit card without my permission. I am very angry and am currently in dispute with the hotel over almost one hundred pounds that they are not entitled to take. Watch your accounts carefully. On both days that we stayed our TV programmes were interrupted with a message that due to high occupancy, breakfasts would most likely be late on delivery. I have never known a hotel not staff properly in order to cope with high demand and maintain service levels.	
Apr 17 2009 	Best stay in London	Excellent hotel, excellent rooms, excellent location, excellent restaurant, and no - I am not an employee	
Apr 14 2009 	A mixed experience	Was there from Saturday to Thursday - the first night was with my partner, the rest of it on business.At check-in there was a problem with my booking - I am not sure if it was the hotel or conference company's fault but it took a while to sort out, I was left in lurch at reception and no explanation was given afterwards.Room - this was our 2nd stay. Not quite as nice a room as the first time, but clean, comfortable and smart.Spa - had an excellent package on the Sunday, although quite expensive. Again, confusion reigned with the booking. Was originally told that there was no availability for the requested treatment, then received a strange email asking me to confirm a different treatment, no response to an email asking to clarify but then got a phone call the day before confirming our booking of the original treatment! Also, sent an email to the hotel on the Saturday before arrival enquring about the possibility of a special 'birthday breakfast' on the Sunday. I didn't chase it up as was only doing this as I didn't think we were going to get a Spa treatment (see above!) but the fact remains that I didn't get a reply til late on Monday and the 'VIP services' representative hadn't even realised the time had passed. Never received a reply to my email pointing this out.Gym - small but adequate. No swimming pool.Restaurant - on the first morning got put into a 'side room' where rather than the waiter service you get in the main restaurant, the 'hot' food is on a buffet. Very bizarre choice of music...Bar - on a Saturday night it is quite a trendy place to hang out (some residents tend to stick out!!) and people watch, especially with Nobu across the road. Fantastic cocktails, good table service, but again expensive, racked up a £60 for two of us in less than a couple of hours. However, in the week a bit of a different picture. There were obviously 'ladies' sat at the bar looking for 'work' occasionally with a male 'boss'. I know this to be true as a member of concierge admitted to the problem claiming that there is nothing that can be done to stop it. Unfortunately led to a bit of a seedy atmosphere at times.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very Noisy Hotel Unreliable Service Hit or Miss w/Concierge	My recommendation is if you book with Mayfair keep the following in mind. There are three nightclubs nearby including the Hotel nightclub that are open until 3 a.m.; so if you need sleep avoid having your room face Stratton or Berkeley Streets. Even with the revamping of the hotel, they neglected the windows and you can hear practically everything that happens down below on the streets. The Hotel also has a Casino downstairs that is open almost 24 hours and I had two episodes where a cranky patron pulled the fire alarms. The alarm was not picnic at 2 a.m. and a second time at 4 a.m. Next, there is a tunnel stop very close to the Mayfair so there is at tremendous amount of foot traffic on the way to work and at the end of the day. Also, if you don't enjoy smelling fresh fish each morning, don't opt for the Breakfast Buffet in their restaurant. One morning, a woman with child went running from the restaurant due to the smell. If you are used to Five Star service as provided in American owned hotels, you will be sadly disappointed with the Restaurant, Room Service, Concierge Services and lack of bidet and heater/fan in the bathrooms. For what is advertised, I was quite surprised that their help was not properly trained even with the simple process of registering when I arrived. I would recommend that you only stay here if you sleep during the day and you like to make your own arrangements for concerts and restaurants. This is more like a three star hotel due mostly to it's location.	
Apr 13 2009 	Go somewhere else!	After 4 days of having to repeat ourselfes time and time again we are happy to be leaving this Radisson. In the end the service was so laughable that we stopped caring and just tried to avoid the staff. On their own people appeared to be doing what they could, so I guess this is more of a system failor. Poor management was apparent throughout as we were constantly overhearing arguments between angry guests and staff oblivious to their questions. Even if the staff did speak English, which appeared to be the exception, even the most basic questions about the hotel and its services seemed to be news. We spoke to the duty manager who got back to us 1 day later as we were about to leave. Basically all that was on the &quot;included&quot; list at the time of reservation failed to materialise. At breakfast they constantly tried to push us into a dingy temporary breakfast room at the back of the hotel with no windows. Even our &quot;delux&quot; room&quot; opened on to a brick wall. All in all a very strange and surprising experience. Luckily London is full of alternatives and as times will be hard for hotels in the years to come I guess we should expect more from a so called 5 star set on survining.	
Apr 10 2009 	An Excellent Stay	I checked into the Le Meridien and prompty checked out and into The May Fair--and what a change. The hotels are just blocks away, but a world apart.The May Fair is is a great location--right by the Ritz Hotel, GreenPark, Shepards Market, etc. The rooms are super clean, beds comfortable (I'd love to buy the mattress, they are so comfortable), the staff is very helpful and friendly. Bathroom are very nice. The workout room is small and with no natural light. The bar in the hotel is hip. The only drawback is if you're looking for a 'stylish' hotel--it's doesn't have much style, which I don't care about but someone might. The entire hotel--rooms, lobby, hallways, mouldings, etc is all painted the same color beige.	
Apr 5 2009 	Excellent location for a nice room at a decent price	My wife and I stayed here for one night on the 5th of April. We pre-booked a deluxe king room on hotels.co.uk. It was a decent sized room with all the creature comforts one could need. The bed was nice and very comfortable. The bathroom was very spacious and has a separate shower and tub. My wife's only complaint was the fact there was not a mirrors in the bedroom. She wanted to curl her hair and the only available outlets were in the bedroom, not the bathroom - thus a problem. The sink could use some maintenance as it was slow draining. Other than that, nice place. Classy lobby area and bar. If staying here, I recommend the Kai Chinese restaurant and Mamounia Bar (Marco makes a mean Mojito) - both within walking distance. I say book the regular (superior I think) for a lesser rate because I don't think there is much to be gained by booking the deluxe room... just a marketing tool. The location is great though. Just off Picadilly and accross the street from Green Park. The tube station is just around the corner as well. Easy walk to theatre district, shopping, restaurants/bars, etc. Overall, I would give it an 8 out of 10.	
Apr 5 2009 	5 Stars across the board	The May Fair Hotel is sublimely located, with excellent rooms / amenities, solid eateries and supreme service. They went a step beyond for me every time, whether it was an emergency fax at 4 a.m., or procuring me a table at a &quot;fully booked&quot; venue. They took care to respect my privacy while being only footsteps away should I require anything. Everyone from the manager, to the room service delivery people and all categories in between were more than hospitable. I will not be staying at the Intercon anymore!	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location basic rooms	We stayed for two nights at the May Fair hotel in London, which is an excellent base, two minutes from Green Park tube station.We stayed on a room only basis so cannot coment on quality of the food. The rooms are quite basic and sparsley furnished. The bed was very comfortable and bathroom was well equipped. The reception area is quite impressive and the adjoining bar is a good meeting point, although beware that some staff members are quite 'precious' and aloof, but perhaps that's just part of the London experience?	
Mar 29 2009 	great room for family of four great location great decor and great service	Book the &quot;family room&quot; for a large room (by UK standards) and two bathrooms...rooms have plenty of drawer space and are bright and fresh and contemporary. the hotel has a great location (tube, walking, sites of London) and great service (business center, if you need to sneak away, an adequate gym, great concierge help and full follow-through). we would go back there in a heartbeat.	
Mar 27 2009 	Wonderful Rooms	My sister and I didn't know where to stay in London and could NOT stay at our reserved hotel. So we went into a store on Picadilly St and they recommended this hotel. We went in and were VERY impressed with the rooms!! Spacious, clean, modern - all the ammenities even free wifi!! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an affordable yet luxurious room in downtown London!!	
Mar 21 2009 	One of the friendliest hotels we have stayed in	We were a bit worried about staying here incase it was a bit &quot;too posh and formal&quot;. However, it was a top class hotel without being pretentious. The staff were lovely and friendly and made us feel right at home. The rooms as you would expect were a good sized and the location was excellent. It was a short stroll to Oxford Street and we had approx 25 minute walk past Buckingham Palace to the London Eye. We would definately stay here again without hesitation.	
Mar 20 2009 	Top Flight	The May Fair remains one of the best hotels in London. I go to London frequently, but had not stayed at the May Fair in a while. My room was modern, roomy and well appointed. The service was outstanding. Room service came quickly and was reasonably priced. My room rate was also quite a good value. I will stay here on my next trip.	
Mar 18 2009 	Second to none for the price in London	We live in the West Country, decided to park at Hounslow West (£2.50 per day W/E free) (one half of the car park is used for a market, so park close to the exit). Took tube to Green Park and walked the 200 yard to the hotel.Arrived when the reception was very busy, queue went down very fast and all done with a smile; the room was clean very tidy and more than large enough. TV in the bath room is not to my taste but others do like that sort of thing. Bed was king size and very comfortable. The room was very quite and once blind was closed also very dark. I was in both of the large event rooms very impressive, will be considering holding an event on behalf of my company their. Also very impressed with the 200 seatter cinema, very hi tech.The bar was busy and staff looked after everyone with a smile. Food we were served (20) people was ample, hot and tasty, very impressed. The cost of the room is understandable and to be honest good value for quality, friendliness and location.Well done to all, we will be going back their	
Mar 17 2009 	A lovely experience in a great location	Were a little concerned for we had seen the bad reviews on Panarama. But pleased to say after the £75 million that has been sent it came across clean. The bar was lively, room was quite but didn't have a good view. Breakfast the next day was hot , clean and tasty and the staff were polite and helpful. Would go there again the location was fantastic for sightseeing.	
Mar 16 2009 	Pricey but get a deal and difficuly to fault	You know you've arrived in a place where they make you feel special as soon as the doormen usher you through the doors into the hotel lobby. Some reviewers have commented on the perfume in the reception area...it was not overpowering, and was a pleasant addtion to the ambience.Location cannot be faulted. Within easy striking distance of all mail attractions and plentiful cabs on standby outside the hotel. We parked in Carrington St NCP car park a short walk away - normally £48 for 24hrs but ask the concierge for a discount ticket and get it for £20. (just put in the machine straight after your normal car parking ticket and the discount is automatically applied).We stayed in a superior room and got a rate of £200 room only. Bit pricey but pleased we went for an upgraded room as the standard rooms I understand to be quite small. For london, our room was big. Nice king size bed, sitting area and a chaise longue and loads of space in front of the double wardrobe. Bathroom was smart with a separate bath and shower and his &amp; hers sinks. Only let down was there could have been more special toiletries for a hotel and room of this standard.Our view was of a fire escape and a brick wall which was disappointing but again remembering where you are, unsuprising really. Overall the rooms and the corridors gave the impression of elegant luxury, all quiet no banging doors, soft carpets and lighting.We didn't get room service but went to the Sainsburys just across the road and purchased a bottle of Bollinger (chilled) for less than a third of the room service price. Credit crunch times means such economies are sensible!After a pleasant evening at the theatre and a short taxi ride back (again the doormen opening the taxi doors is a nice touch) we spent a couple of enjoyable hours in the trendy May Fair bar. Cocktails were excellent and the service very attentive. Back to the room and only 4 cartons of UHT milk didn't last long but a call to housekeeping ensured extra milk was delivered in about 30secs! When though will hotels get round to putting proper milk in the mini bar? Would be a marked improvement.Overall I would definitely stay here again. Superb location, a little bit of luxury and you can't go wrong.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Place	Stayed there for a business event and loved the hotel. Stylish, relaxed, great service, very friendly staff and perfect location - what else could you want?	
Mar 5 2009 	For the money I was disappointed...	The first thing we noticed upon arrival is that the lobby had a very perfumed aroma - every time we entered the hotel, we tried very hard to get through the lobby as quickly as possible because of the very strong perfume stench. The younger reception at the front desk was not altogether friendly. Rooms were nice but in a starchy kind of way. The bathroom shower had a glass open entrance that completely overflowed when the shower heads were turned on full blast. Water everywhere. Housekeeping was ok but I had to keep requesting that they did not remove the top sheet on my bed. We stayed a week and the first 3 days I had a top sheet then I didn't have a top sheet. I asked for one and received. I put it on myself and then it disappeared the next day and the day after and the day after .... it was frustrating. I think there are too many places that would be MUCH better. I couldn't in all honesty recommend this place for the price you pay. The good: concierge services were good, beds comfy, clean place, fruit plate .....	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent hotel in a Great Location	The best hotel we've ever stayed and we knew that from the very first moment. Since we entered the hotel we've been welcomed by the great staff, very friendly, polite and helpful. The check in was really quick. The room was luxurius and huge and there was a welcome basket with fruits and a very polite note from the manager. The bed was king sized and very comfortable. There was a B&amp;O screen and also tea and coffee facilities apart from the mini bar. The bathroom was so big with a shower and a bathtub as well. It was a very clean hotel.Breakfast was superb with a large buffet and always somebody from the staff ready to satisfy anything we wished to have, although it was London Fashion Week and there were so many people having breakfast.Location is great, two minutes walk from Green Park Station, very close to Buckingham Palace, and for someone who loves walking, as we do, you can reach Piccadilly Circus and Soho very easily. After all, excellent hotel, excellent staff, excellent service.I will always stay at May Fair when I visit London and I reccomend it to everyone with no doubt.	
Mar 1 2009 	not up to standard	usually stay in the washington, but have stayed in May Fair before.checked in, all ok, had ocasion to use mini bar. found week old salsa dip, stinking in the fridge. aweful.went downstairs and told reception. lady said &quot; i will deal with it now&quot; . that was it, no sorry, would you like to change rooms as i am sure the smell is unpleasant...etc.someone removed the tub while i was out walking.came back, then spent all night with the window open.will not be returning to this hotel.Complained in the morning, after i had paid the bill. duty manager said whe would deal with it. Hope she does, but i will not be returning. Washungton much better!	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Location	The hotel had been recently refurbished with expensive and classy finish. The rooms are large for London hotels. The bathroom was huge and had an LCD which was nice. The location was perfect and central. All the nice Panini cafes and posh restaurants around. 1 min walk to Green Park tube station. Only 3 complaints; the rooms were not warm enough for winter, the floor we stayed at had granite hallways which was very noisy and they have 2 elevators for the whole hotel (1 was broken for 3 days) + 1 elevator for the penthouse. The staff were very nice and helpful.	
Feb 25 2009	My favourite hotel iin London City	Radisson Mayfair Hotel in Stratton Street is located in Mayfair neighbourhood, dowtown London. You can walk easily to Piccadilly Circus and all the town attractions.It's a modern look hotel, very elegant, superefficient at the same time, personnel in the hotel is so kind, respectful and professional. Rooms are very nice, always modern but warm with big, confortable and full accessorized bathrooms.There are three different restaurant in the hotel, all very good and quiet.A fashion look bar hosts professionals every evening who want to drink something with collegues or friends. Good music, great drinks.Raddisson Mayfair is perfect for business staying as well as holidays or weekends with or without family. Rates are fare considering the service the hotel gives: excellent, efficient, warm.	
Feb 22 2009 	great location good hotel	Stayed 20 - 22 Feb on a very cheap deal with lastminute. The location is excellent, right near Green Park tube (3 tube lines) and all the buses on the Picaddilly and Hyde Park routes. 5* hotel, very good service, though they are well aware of who has booked the super cheap deals and you get the least nice rooms. Still, the shabbiest room at the Mayfair probably beats the best rooms at the lesser hotels in the area. Super-comfortable bed, I would have been happy never to have left it. Lovely bathroom with full sized bath and power shower. Nice gym. The negatives to consider if you're paying full price: even at the advertised rate of £300 per night, you are charged £5 an hour for internet, which I think is disgraceful these days. The rooms seemed well sound-proofed against each other, but not against the corridor, and I was woken both mornings by staff yelling into the room opposite (either &quot;housekeeping&quot; or &quot;room service&quot;) after knocking loudly on their door. Seriously, I thought they were actually in my room, it was that loud. Then you get treated to the maid knocking and calling into every room in the corridor. But in a bed that comfy, it's not hard to go back to sleep! In summary: it was absolutely great for the price I paid, a seriously smart hotet in an unbeatable location with comfy rooms - I have no complaints; but I might have been a bit frustrated with some aspects if I had paid full price.	
Feb 16 2009	Heaven in the Heart of Mayfair	From the minute I was greeted by the friendly doorman at the Mayfair in Stratton Street, I was fairly confident that my stay would be enjoyable. I was not to be disappointed. With minimum fuss I was immediately shown to my room after a speedy check-in. In these minimalist-led design times, where often coziness is sacrificed to the higher order of fashion trends, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that my room, whilst it would not look out of place in a high-end interior design magazine, was also very inviting. With a nod to contemporary designs, such as the large, velvet clad bed headboard, it was also a relief to discover that the comfort of the bed was second to none. Firm fluffy pillows guaranteed that I would sleep like a baby for my weeklong stay in the heart of Mayfair. The room was sparkling clean and smelt naturally fresh. Programs such as 'Hotel Inspector' however, have left an indelible mark on the nation's subconscience. I noticed I had performed some spot checks on hygiene without consciously realising it. The bedroom and bathroom were impeccable. If there was any form of dirt or dust in the rooms, I definitely could not detect it. After a long day enjoying the delights of nearby galleries, museums and the impossible to avoid shopping, it was simply heaven to retire into the bathroom and be greeted by a wonderful array of Molten Brown products. As a soap junkie, I can say that the Mayfair have chosen well. One of the greatest pleasures in life for me is soaking in luxuriously fragrant bubbles whilst downing the odd glass of champagne and reading a favourite book. I was definitely going to enjoy my bath times here. Stocks were replenished regularly so I could always enjoy the pleasure of that just opened feeling one gets upon opening a new bottle. The richly presented breakfast and delicious cappuccinos forced me to abandon my diet, I did not regret it. I discovered a way of counter-balancing my over-indulgence in the morning by relaxing over a fresh salad and grilled meat in the Mayfair’s crisp clean-cut Amba bar and grill in the evening. Service again was impeccable and I did not feel uncomfortable dining alone. I cannot recommend this hotel more highly. Try it and you won’t regret your decision.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great for business travellers	Stayed at the Radisson Mayfair for 11 nights in late January. I was in London on business and was working in North London, but wanted to stay closer to the heart of the city. The hotel is literally steps away from the Green Park tube station, and is walking distance to Picadilly Circus, Soho, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, etc. You can't beat the location, and Green Park tube has 3 lines going to it, so getting around London is a piece of cake.The hotel is very nice and the staff are excellent. They were always very attentive to my needs and treated me very professionally. The two bars/restaurants on site are also great, so if you are traveling alone they are great places to meet other fellow travelers. I stayed in a Deluxe King, and it was simple and elegant and was more than adequate for my needs. The rooms were not huge, but they were also not tiny, so a great deal for London. All this and free wifi included gives this 5* Hotel a thumbs up by me!	
Feb 14 2009 	The May Fair ...VibrantInventive and Luxe....	What better place then the May Fair to enjoy a long weekend. Needed a quick escape to recharge from the long cold and snowy winter that we have been having in the States.Checked into the the May Fair on Friday morning,quickly given a room to freshen up since our room was not ready{nice touch after a long overnight flt}...Went out for the afternoon and were phoned when room was ready.We were in no hurry since we enjoyed walking around and getting our Theatre tkt booked for the next few nights. Signed up for a Floral class at the Jane Packer School of Floristry,what a thrill! And of course enjoyed 2 days of tea and scones at Fortnam and Mason.Once settled into hotel,we loved our accommodations...spacious,comfy,without being overly done....everything you would need at your disposal.......Loved the smell that they piped thru the Lobby upon entering.....would love to know what the scent is!!! Breakfast served in the hotel restaurant in am ,great selection of fruits/cereals/toast..if you need more,menu available for additional charge.Sorry that we had to leave after 3 days just as we were really settled so nicely into our space..This is a great hotel that functions seamlessly....staff very professional fro m check-in until check- out...Kudos to all those that work hard to make this a standout!	
Feb 12 2009 	Central and Excellent	They state that they are attentive without being intrusive and this is definitely the case with the May Fair Hotel. You walk in and you just feel that it is going to be special, the staff are very courteous and helpful. The Delux rooms are spacious and well situated, the bathrooms are large and the quality and very good.Room Service was great and the housekeeping staff were great as well, especially coming up to pick up all the packaging from the shopping my wife had done!!The location is very central leaving you free to walk to most places, shopping on Oxford St is just a few minutes stroll away and you walk up Bond St getting there. Piccadilly Circus is also just another 10 minute stroll in the opposite direction so you can also get to the shows in Shaftesbury Ave as well as Leicester Square, good for Soho and China town as well.I will be going back here and it is the 3rd time that i have stayed here and it is just great.	
Feb 10 2009 	The Mayfair is MARVELOUS	We had a wonderful week-long stay at the Mayfair from Boxing Day til 2 January. We found everyone at the hotel to be most helpful, especially David at the Concierge Desk. We found our room to be large and very comfortable with a nice King-size bed. The complimentary wireless internet was great and very reliable. There was even a US type electrical plug next to the table for my husband to plug his laptop into! We never needed to use the converters and adapter plugs we brought. There are two markets very close to the hotel--a Sainsbury across the street and a Marks &amp; Spencer in the entrance to the Green Park tube, which is an easy block away. M &amp; S has many kinds of yummy sandwiches and bakery goods (loved the cheese scones). There are three tube lines that pass through there, so we had ready access to everything we wanted to do in London. The Gilcrest &amp; Soames toiletries are VERY nice and scented in such a way that both genders can enjoy them. We found the TV offerings to be MORE than adequate--I could even watch CNBC to keep up with the markets. There was some noise on the street on the weekend nights and New Year's Eve, but it was really inconsequential as far as we were concerned. The streets around the Mayfair are generally very quiet, which is amazing considering the central location of the hotel. A healthy walk through Green Park and you're standing in front of Buckingham Palace. Westminster is one tube stop away. There was a fruit basket provided to us upon our arrival that I enjoyed very much--it was great to start the morning with a piece of fruit and a chunk of the luscious champagne panetonne we bought at the after Christmas sale at Harrod's Food Halls. I did that pretty much every morning, which was perfect for me. My husband also liked the fact that there is a casino, the Palm Beach, that was accessible from the hotel lobby during most hours. I should also mention that we arrived early and were graciously given early checkin for no fee--I e-mailed the hotel ahead of time and requested it--they paid attention! A complimentary newspaper every morning helped keep us in the loop, too. There were cushy bathrobes provided which we relied upon daily. There are multiple lifts at the Mayfair...one was occasionally out, but that was no problem. I am probably leaving out some of the details, but I'm sure it's clear that the amenities at the hotel were nice and were the kinds of things that really mattered to us and helped make our stay comfortable.	
Feb 8 2009 	London business traveller	Great location for London business traveller.Exciting decor and great staff.Efficient and helpfull.Free internet a welcome plus.When booking include the breakfast great food a multitude of choices. Cant beat it, and if you like an evening gathering the lobby bar is great.Easy walk to Berkley SQ and shopping areas.	
Feb 7 2009 	great hotel	would recomend this hotel for its location,facilities and great service.If i have the chance i will certainly book this hotel again.	
Feb 7 2009 	Solid Four Star trying to be a Five Star	I recently spent eight nights at the May Fair while I was in London on business. This was a rare circumstance where I neither had a choice where to stay and I wasn't paying for it.My first experience set the tone for the entire stay. My overnight flight arrived from D.C. 90 minutes early and I arrived at the hotel at 6:30 a.m. on the day I was supposed to check in. By the way, take the tube (45 minutes) 2.20 pounds and only two short blocks to the hotel. My room of course was not ready, however the front desk staff was most accomodating and after looking for a room for 10 minutes they found me a king superior. They had previously told me I was going to be upgraded to a king deluxe. They allowed me to take the king superior, take a nap for four hours then they moved my luggage to the king de luxe while I was out. Very impressive!The king superior room was 855. Very large, hardwood floors, two room marble bathroom, very modern furniture. I admittedly am not a modern hotel person. I was told this hotel was like a W Hotel and it was. I prefer old architecture and comfy over modern. That being said while not to my personal tastes I thoroughly enjoyed myself.Other small touches in the room that were nice. Heated towel racks, pants press in addition to the ironing board, in-room free safe, coffee and tea maker a comfortable bed. Also, you could leave your shoes outside the door and they would be shined gratis.Additionally, after reading a previous review, I requested that the minibar be cleaned out which they graciously did. There is a supermarket right outside the front door. I purchased a box of Kellog's Special K, a 1/2 gallon of milk, some bananas and blueberries for less then five pounds and had breakfast for the week. The breakfast buffet at the hotel is 22.5 pounds a day. There are also plenty of reasonable places in the immediate area to get soup (EAT) sandwiches etc, for a very small price.In addition to the front desk staff that checked me in, everyone all week was extremely accomodating. I travel frequently for work and pleasure and the friendliness and professionalism of the staff really stood out.The location also is really great. We took the tube everywhere never needing an expensive cab once (though they look cool). Get an Oyster Card (like a smart travel card) when you land, and you will be set for the week. You are within a few blocks of great shopping on Oxford and Regent Streets and a 10 minute walk to Picadilly Circus and Leicester Square (where the 1/2 tix booth is for shows).Downsides to the hotel were limited TV channels in English (like you are there to watch TV) and to my dismay a weirdly laid out gym. Workouts are a must for me wherever I go and I was disappointed here. There are lots of free weights, three treadmills, but only one bike and one elliptical. Also, the room gets very warm and if more then four people are in there it gets claustrophobic. I bit the bullet and joined a Fitness First which was two blocks away (in the basement of an office building on Berkeley St.) It cost me 25 pounds for the week ($35). It irked me that such a nice hotel had such an unusual gym that I had to pay to go elsewhere (but I admit to being a workout snob).However if you are a runner, Green Park and Hyde Park are 200 yards away.Our rate was 171 pounds, (about $240). Like I said the location is superb and the staff great. London does not have to be an expensive city. We ate good food, pubs for lunch and good dinners. If you want food info email me and I will be glad to provide recommendations.Cheers.Marius	
Feb 6 2009 	Great hotel 	We stayed at the Mayfair the week of Christmas 2008. The hotel is beautiful and modern. Our room was unexpectedly large for a London hotel room, with a very comfortable King bed and modern bathroom. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the location is fabulous, very central, with the Green Park tube stop just a minute walk away. No real negatives, but if I had to come up with something... the lobby was always overly perfumed, it could have smelled nice if they took it down several notches; also we loved our room (I think 206??) but it had the WORST view-out onto a tiny ventilation shaft area-make sure you dont get this room if you want a view. Side note for anyone planning to stay in London in future Christmas seasons, be prepared...the whole city is literally shut down on Christmas Day. Even the tube does not run and hardly anything is open.	
Feb 5 2009	I'll be back!!!!	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the May Fair Hotel...I have stayed at many hotels in London (my favourite city) before, but this was the best....Nice room..quite large for London standards..with a good bathroom...Ipod deck..all was present... Unfortunately a few things were missing when I got there first (like the remote..) and I forgot to bring some items too..but all was fixed within half an hour and all it took was one phonecall...This is what I've appreciated most about this hotel..the friendliness and willingness to help from every member of the staff...and although many were foreign, all and I mean all spoke English..For the last two years I hadn't seen a maid that didn't speak Polish or Russian...It was quite refreshing to be finally able to hold a conversation with them..Oh, and this hotel happens to have one of the hottest bars in town ..and is situated right across the street from Nobu's...All in all an experience I want to have again...	
Feb 5 2009 	Good Service	Excellent service from check in to housekeeping. Room service takeaway cooked breakfast sandwich is second to none, delivered promptly at 6am! A great location - I would definitely recommend it.	
Feb 4 2009 	Absolutely one of the worst hotel experience ever	I stayed at the Mayfair for 10 days for a business trip. The location is great but that is about the only positive I can say. The staff was rude and indifferent, and it has to be the worst experience for this frequent business traveler. First the HVAC system got stuck in A/C mode in the middle of winter, even after repeated requested to switch to heating mode day after day, it was still not done a week into it. When asked to have the sheets changed, it was not done. When pointed out later, I was told by the staff it couldn't be done because housekeeping has gone home! To add insult to injury, I was told I can changed the sheets myself if they had keys to the linen closet!The rooms were noisy, I can hear our next door and the street noise loud and clear. In addition, the bathroom wasn't cleaned for several days; the used glasses and cups weren't cleaned or replaced; coffee and tea weren't refilled; no facial soap; fire drill at 3AM in the morning!The list can go on and on. I have to wonder who manages this place! During one of my compliant sessions, I was flatly told by the staff in so many words that, well, too bad. They don't own the hotel. I will never, ever stay at this lousy place again and tell everyone else to stay away from it.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel if you can get a deal	I booked a night in The May Fair on 01/02/09 as a treat for my husband's birthday. I got a deal through Lastminute.com as one of their 'Top Secret' hotels as it was described as 'Pure luxury in the heart of Mayfair 5*', for which I paid £140. This price did not include breakfast which was fine as there are plenty of places nearby to grab a coffee and a pastry. At check-in I was told that we'd been upgraded to a King Deluxe room with terrace which was a pleasant surprise. On arrival at the room, I was surprised at how plain it was. There was no luxurious, large headboard as the images on their website suggests and the walls seemed really bare. If this was an upgraded room, I can imagine a superior (entry level) room being about the same size as a travelodge room but I guess that's what you get in that part of town. The bathroom was nice and products smelled lovely but floor tiles were freezing on our feet. Underfloor heating would make a huge difference! The terrace was quite large but had the most garish red tiles on the walls which made it look dated. We overlooked Lansdowne Row (at the back of the hotel) and heard no noise at all although it was a Sunday night. The bed was very comfortable though and the staff were very helpful with all of our requests. There were a couple of niggling things like the handle of the patio door was virtually hanging off and what looked like chocolate on the alarm clock speakers. The tea and coffee supplies were very average with 2 of everything (which runs out very quickly) and no hot chocolate which was disappointing. Little touches like this let the hotel down and its certainly not the uber luxury room that I was expecting although the public areas of the hotel definitely look the 5* part. Having said all that, for £140 a night in the heart of Mayfair, it was a bargain and we would definitely return, just with slightly lower expectations this time!	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Stay at the May Fair	We stayed at the May Fair Hotel in December right after coming in from France for Christmas. The rooms are a lot larger than most London Hotels, and we thought the bed was very very comfortable. We love staying at Westin hotels because of the bed, but we really enjoyed this hotel's comfort. It was in a great location, right near the green park train station and pretty much across the street from Buckingham Palace. The only complaints I would have is that I don't think the walls are well insulated. We did hear quite a bit of noise out in the hall- but we're all good sleepers, and it didn't bother the kids either. Also there was a perfume smell in the lobby- that in my opinion was way too strong. The hotel staff were excellent. They changed our bed sheets when the kids spilled water on it one time, and they brought in a crib for us. They exchanged money out for us as well and were very helpful in giving out suggestions. I would recommend this place to any one of my friends.	
Feb 1 2009 	Stay Somewhere Else	A last minute decision to stay in London for logistical reasons and client booked The May Fair. The staff, from check-in to check-out , were rude and inhospitable. The room was noisy both from hallway noise and street noise(don't believe their website about triple glazed windows - it's still noisy!!). My room had two single beds and a bathroom larger than the sleeping room. Beds were both uncomfortable. Where some major hotels now put mattress toppers and soft duvets on beds, The Mayfair puts emoryboard-like fabric. I asked for a 06:00 morning wakeup call and it came at 05:20. SO I didn't have a good night's sleep which is what most business travelers want. Television only had terrestrial channels. The hotels attitude encouraged me to go somewhere else and to suggest to client that they do too.	
Jan 29 2009 	Super Location	After doing a lot of research, and knowing London very well, I booked this because it was a &quot;Special Deal&quot; with an airline/hotel inclusive deal. But got worried a few nights before departure when I read some of the recent comments on this site. Can I allay your fears? Yes. &quot;Plastic bottles in bathroom?&quot; -but the reviewer omitted to say filled with Gilchrist &amp; Soames products - much nicer than some generic detergent. Didn't see or hear any excitment from Nobu, across the road - but handy if you did want to visit it. My 9 year old daughter was very impressed by the doorman who opened the door for her with a smile each time we arrived back to the hotel. It might not be the poshest 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in, but the location (2 minutes from Green Park tube, on the Picadilly line) means that it is one of the most accessible places in London, great for any tourist. Very clean, very comfortable. Nice staff. Didn't use the restaurant.	
Jan 21 2009 	Would always stay here when in London	We were concerned when we saw some of the reviews on Trip Advisor...as they seemed less than satisfactory for a hotel such as this. I telephone the hotel directly with my concerns. The manager was very amiable and assured me that the hotel was of high standard, and pleasantly requested we 'give them a try'.I have stayed in many London Hotels, and I have to say, that this, without question was superb. It was beautifully clean, the staff were friendly...and the food, we had room service, was delicious. On arrival, we had a call after we had been in our room for half an hour, just to ensure all was to our liking. We had a late checkout at no extra cost, and on checkout we had no problems with the bill. It was correct, unlike other hotels, which often get things wrong! We were invited to leave our belongings at the hotel after checkout whilst we spent the day in London. Finally, as we weren't leaving London till late, and had a dinner reservation, they allowed me to use the wonderful spa facilities to shower and change ready for my evening out. I would without a doubt say its better than The Savoy, and we will now always stay there when we're in town	
Jan 19 2009 	Very good	Stayed for one night to see show in London, booked using my Rezidor Points. Hotel is perfectly located 2 mins walk from Green Park Tube and in very nice area. Recently refurbed to very high standard. Room was excellent - large, quiet, good facilities and very nice bathroom (only slight negative is that the floor tiles are very slippy when wet). We had a quick lunch in the bar which was only 'okay' but breakfast was superb with warm and attentive service despite it being peak Sunday time and very busy. Buffet was plentiful and fresh and a la carte full English + other eggs was top notch. Breakfast was also very reasonably priced. All in all an excellent hotel in a great location with very good staff. We will stay there again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great Hotel in Mayfair	My Wife and I stayed here for five days after Xmas ,the location was great and allowed us to explore the lovely hotels and shops of this exclusive area. Our room was lovely and quiet ,but with many hotels nowadays the breakfast is too expensive,so we got some food at the supermarket across the road and had our own ,using the tea making facilities in the room.We will definitely return here at the earliest opportunity.	
Jan 13 2009 	Outstanding Service Excellent Location for Finance or Shopping	The May Fair is steps from Green Park and Buckingham Palace beyond. It is in the center of hedge fund alley and just a few hundred meters from Bond Street, where hedge fund zillionnaires can dump their ill gotten gains. The service at the May Fair was exceptional. The room layout was a little strange, but the room was spacious and my stay was an altogether enjoyable experience.	
Jan 8 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again	&quot;Echoes of an elegant past.&quot; We couldn't agree more with the hotel video describing itself. There is not much elegant about this hotel any longer. And we found it overrated and overpriced unfortunately. Upon entry to the hotel, you are greeted with a strong soapy smell that is so disturbing it takes a while to get used to. In addition. it's FAR too edgy for it's historical significance. They made a mistake with the interior decoration when they tried for sleek but ended up with over the top modern with too much black, hard edges and smooth surfaces. I wouldn't say it has a warm feeling at all.The concierge was helpful but it always felt like we were encroaching on their time. It's not a type of setup where you can sit down (you're standing the whole time) and chat with the concierge and have them give you ideas. Usually, we were expected to know what it is we wanted to do and when.We must not have lucked out on a refurbished room because it was a &quot;King Superior,&quot; but nothing superior about it. It has a sliding glass door with the handle ready to come off at any moment to separate the bathroom from the bedroom. NO privacy whatsoever. A tiny little excuse of a closet inside the bathroom - why? I don't know. I would also add that the cleanliness was not something I would rate highly. There were yellow stains on the white duvet cover. Another annoying feature in the bathroom were the soaps etc. attached to the wall so that if you positioned your hand incorrectly you squirted your clothing!!What I found most interesting were the hidden features in the room. It was a user interface nightmare. The TV had a bizarre remote control that turned the tv off with the record button. The phone in the room was designed to infuriate the most techie of all people (we are both highly technical people, a digital user experience designer and engineer) and no instructions on how to call frontdesk or concierge. Then, if you wanted coffee, why you needed to look inside the boxy night stand of course! Why hadn't I thought of that?The one really great things about the hotel were the free wifi, proximity to green park tube station, business center and really nice breakfasts (which really should be part of room cost). Other than that, it just wasn't worth the money and time.	
Dec 29 2008 	A two- star experience at a hotel that considers themselves five-star	The hotel has been recently renovated and the rooms are attractive although quite spartan- ie nothing on the walls. High-tech bathrooms but no &quot;tread&quot; on either shower floor or tub so step carefully. They promote themselves as five star but would do better to aim lower.First, we discovered on arrival Christmas eve that not all rooms have bath, some are shower only. They were gracious enough to move us from a shower only room to a smaller room with bath, but things went downhill rapidly. The phones in the room never worked to dial out, a television remote did not work properly, the window did not quite close (which was fine at first, as it made the room less stuffy), and service was iffy - perhaps because of the holidays. One of four computers in the business center was broken, as were the ice machines on our floor and the floor above. After two requests for ice to be delivered that were ignored, I found ice on a lower floor. We and other guests often used the stairs as there were only two small elevators working that often seemed full. .These issues were trivial, however, compared to a message issue and noise. One night we returned at 11pm after theatre to see a message on the television screen indicating we had a phone message. We had given the hotel as an emergency contact, but because of the phone problem we could not access it, and gave up one and a half hours later, after repeated promises by the hotel to help and to send someone, we were finally told by a manager who came to our room that it was probably a &quot;hang-up.&quot; But worries about the message were soon drowned out by Nobu restaurant which is across the street and had reopened after Christmas. We could hear loud drunks outside until about 3a. Had it not been our next to last night we would have moved, and the situation was as bad the next night.Then, to add insult to injury, when we checked out, we discovered the hotel charged over UKL 1.00 per minute, yes, about USD 2.00 per minute for local calls. The manager on duty informed us that their prices were &quot;in line with the Ritz.&quot; Possibly, but this was a Holiday Inn Experience, and actually I have had less problems at Holiday Inn.On the other hand, the hotel does provide robes, free papers (not the one we asked for), and has very high tech electronic equipment in the room - Bang and Olufsen TV, but fewer channels than Radisson Belfast, for example - so perhaps this is all they feel they need.	
Dec 25 2008 	Very decent 4 star hotel	I spent 3 nights at the May Fair hotel for a Christmas Shopping trip to London.The May Fair Hotel turned out to be a good choice.The hotel is situated in top location near Buckingham Palace, Harrods, Hyde Park etc. It is just a 3 minutes walk from the hotel to Green Park Station with access to tube and buses.Check in: quick without problems. Hotel lobby oozes with arty modernism.Tastefully perfumed air (no kidding). Friendly staff.Room: I had booked a double standard room. The room was reasonably sized (though not huge), decorated in monochrome brown-cappuccino shades with a huge comfortable bed (fresh sheets daily) and a great flat screen TV. There was also a table and 2 seats, a small wardrobe equipped with a flat iron plus iron board, a safe and a mini bar. Lightning was good, also for reading. I assume my room was not a refurnished one as carpet and some furniture showed a little wear and tear. But the overall impression was goodThe bathroom was tiled with grey stone and sink, toilet, tub were very modernism in the way it was fashionable in the 1990s. I found the toiletries odd though, as shampoo, conditioner and body lotion came from plastic bottles fixed at the walls. I personally prefer to have my toiletries being luxurious and coming in pretty packages and bottles looking like little gifts. What the May Fair offers here to their customers is certainly not 5-star !The facilites in the bed- and bathroom worked without problems and both rooms were clean. All staff members turned out to be very friendly, helpful and competent and their English was good, so no communication problems either.The hotel offers some entertaining as well, i.e. a casino (though I didn t go there). I had my meals out of the hotel so I don t know about the standard of May Fair s cuisine.For &quot;emergency shopping&quot; there is a Sainsbury Supermarket opposite the hotel and a Boots Drugstore with medication counter at the corner at Piccadilly (3 min. walk from the hotel). I also spotted a Post Office in the neighbourhood.My stay at the May Fair was an overall positive experience but I would not rate this a 5-star hotel as I think a 5-star hotel should not be just very nice but exceptionally good.Also a word of warning to those who might look for some kind of &quot;glamorous old world experience&quot;: this hotel is classy no-nonsense modernism. In many ways it reminded me of hotels in Midtown Manhattan.Don t miss out on a visit to historic glam old Burlington Arcade with its many jeweler shops and also see lovely store Liberty s London (across Regent Street). Or just cross Piccadilly and have a look at the Ritz. All this is in walking distance.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very good	A lovely hotel all in all.Check in was prompt, friendly and hassle free - they had even recorded the newspaper I had ordered on a previous stay...(nice attention to detail)The room itself was spacious, nicely decorated in muted shades of fawn and chestnut - lighting was subtle and restful - bed comfortable ....and a plus for someone who hates airless chain hotel rooms the window could be opened!Would recomend!	
Dec 10 2008 	no ambience	Room have cold feel. Very basic rooms; very basic bathrooms with wall mounted toiletries! Huge gaps under doors, so terribly noisy. Not relaxing. Awful looking carpets that although must be fairly new seem grubby...	
Dec 7 2008 	Won't be coming back	My wife and I booked the Mayfair Hotel for a pre-Christmas shopping trip. We paid £280 for what was described as a deluxe double. We were fairly realistic and weren't expecting anything particularly flash, in termsof the room, for £280 in Mayfair just before Christmas. However, the hotel and the room let itself down on a number of counts:(i) we arrived by car and I asked for it to be valet parked - the doorman said that they were busy and I should stand by my car for 10 mins and he'd then come and take it. I parked it in the ncp around the corner myself;(ii) the room was poor. Paint peeling off the walls in places, the tv didn't work properly, a dirty cushion on the bed and the paltry mini bar didn't cool its contents sufficiently for the contents to be pleasurably drunk;(iii) I phoned reception to see whether we could pay more for a better room but was told the hotel was full. I said that we would stay in the room but pointed out the faults mentioned above and asked them to be reported to the duty manager - it would have been nice for the duty manager to acknowledge my feedback but I received no contact at allThe overall experience was similar to staying in a buget hotel but not at budget hotel prices - won't be returning.	
Nov 14 2008 	An Excellent Hotel in central London	This was our sixth stay at this hotel since its refurb in 2005, over the remembrance sunday weekend, and yet again we were not disappointed. We arrived at 1pm having used the on-line check-in facility and were immediately accommodated in our rooms. The rooms were as usual immaculate. We take breakfast in our room, and it is always excellent. The cheese selection to accompany the continental choice, which is my preferred option, is amazing. The table arrives at the time we request and is removed promptly. Housekeeping is excellent and the extra touches like the shoeshine service are always efficient. On arriving back at the hotel on our first night I found a card from the Manager and a complimentary selection of fruit and bottled water which was very much appreciated. Obviously this is an upscale hotel and the rates reflect this, but I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel. Its location alone is worth the rate! That said, I wouldn't choose this property if I wasn't completely satisfied, and I am glad to say that the Radisson Edwardian Mayfair does not disappoint.	
Nov 10 2008	lovely hotel / ignorant guests	stayed 2 nights from 7/11/08. Myself and a blind lady with learning difficulties. Arrived an hour early for check in to see if any chance of getting in early. Room not ready but staff very apologetic. We went for a walk and arrived back at 1.50pm but room still not ready so we said not a problem and we just said we would have a seat till room ready. Staff really nice and relations manager came and saw us and was so nice saying room ready in 10 mins and that she would come and take us up then. She was back within 3 mins and took us up to our room and then proceeded to show us how to work everything and asked if there was anything else she could get for us? there wasn't but she still left us her direct number in case there was anything i thought off. We went out later on for dinner and some shopping and on our return there was a fruit basket and a bottle of water with compliments of the hotel for our troubles earlier. Anytime i went to reception desk during our stay they knew my name and always went out of their way to speak to my client. Lovely staff and beautiful room only gripe i had was some arrogant guests who thought they could treat staff like [----]. and push past my client because she wasn't quick enough!	
Nov 7 2008 	Okay but not luxury	We chose this hotel as it looked super on the website and was conveniently located for everything we wanted to do that weekend.It is tucked away behind Piccadilly so traffic noise is thankfully muffled.Parking was a bit of a problem as they didnt have a car jockey at hand, but we eventually found somewhere suitable.The reception area of the hotel is not as glamorous as the website predicted but still pleasant The room was exactly as expected, clean and comfortable. Shower room very small but functional.The staff were polite except for our return on Sat night at 2300hrs. We were refused entry into the bar, even as residents, as they were calling last orders. We didnt chose to eat at the hotel as there are plenty of good restaurants and cafe's nearby.	
Oct 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel pity about the other guests!	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night with my family. Check in was speedy, and we had a very large room with 2 King Size beds, it was the most spacious hotel room I have ever seen! There were 2 bathrooms, one with bath and shower which also incorporated walk in wardrobe other had shower. The room was fairly clean although the marble areas around the bath and shower could have done with a good clean.We ordered room service as we were rushing to get ready for an event and didn't have time to eat out for lunch, it was overpriced and of standard quality which is probably to be expected in a London Hotel. Our room faced to the side of the hotel looking into trendy London restaurant Nobu. There were lots of paparazzi outside and we were told they were paking pics of the cast of High School Musical who were eating at Nobu.We settled down in the very comfy beds for a good nights sleep only to be awakened at 3.15am by a very drunk guest (who we had seen 3 hours earlier in the hotel lobby) who thought our room was his and persisted in ringing the door bell for 10 minutes before we answered. Needless to say we were not happy, no apology from this very rude man but that isn't the fault of the Hotel. We went down for breakfast the next morning (this was included in our room price) the breakfast was a choice of cold buffet or a hot cooked breakfast. We went for the buffet, muffins, pastries, cereal, cold meat, cheese, and toast were available. Breakfast was lovely except for the table of men sitting behind us having a business meeting whom we had to ask to refrain from using bad lanauge as we had children at the table. All in all, we would stay here again but only if we knew our 3.15am visitor wasn't on the premises!	
Oct 13 2008 	No quiet at this 5 star hotel	My husband and I looked forward to a romantic getaway weekend in London at a 5 start hotel. When we checked in we specifically asked for a quiet room with a view. We were taken to room 828 at what we were told was the top floor of the hotel.The room looked out onto a wall and the building next door. The carpet was worn and stained and we did not have a tub in our bathroom. After a wonderful dinner on James Street we returned to the hotel and fell asleep around 11 pm. At 2:30 am the peace and quiet of the 8th floor was shattered by loud trance music coming from the penthouse suite on the 9th floor. At one point the music became so loud that the closet doors were rattleing in their frames.. My husband promptly called the night manager who said he had received other complaints and was on his way up. The music stopped for all of 10 minutes and then started again and continued until 7:15 am when it sounded like a guest in another room banged on the ceiling quite loudly. We then went back to sleep (as we had been up all night) and got a late start on our days sightseeing. Immediately upon entering the lobby in the morning we sought out the day manager and explained the horrible night we had. He proceeded to ask if the night manager had called to check back with us or offered to move us to a different room and we said we never heard from the night manager. He also stated that the policy of the hotel is quiet after 11 pm but I guess that only applies to the guests not in the penthouse. The day manager called the penthouse &quot;their finest room&quot;. So much for everyone elses peaceful enjoyment!! Due to our lack of sleep, we had to return to the hotel at 3pm to take a much needed nap and were promptly disturbed by a housekeeping supervisor who asked if the room had been properly cleaned. She then proceeded to check every room in the hall-letting the door slam to each and every room! Half an hour later it was the mini bar crew coming into the rooms to restock and again slamming each and every door!!! Where is the quiet we requested??? The day manager did provide us with a complementary fruit tray with bottled water and a dinner for two in the hotel restaurant-only after we demanded to be compensated for our horrible experience. We have stayed at other wonderful 4 star hotels in London and have had better experiences. Nice place, but our needs (and the needs of room 826 and 824) were outweighed by the highrollers in the penthouse.	
Oct 8 2008 	Amazing ...	We booked to see Billy Elliot the musical, so thought it would be nice to indulge ourselves a little more while we were in London, hence the May Fair.I can only say that it is everything you expect it to be and then a whole lot more ...	
Oct 7 2008	lousy service. Not a five star hotel	Lousy service at front desk. Not a five star hotel. Had to change room as they did not put us in a quiet courtyard room as reserved. As the hotel was fully booked we had to compromise for a smaller room. The hotel was full and noone really cared.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great Location	I stayed in the Raddison Edwardian Mayfair hotel for a long weekend (friday to Monday) to celebrate our wedding anniversary.I selected the hotel due to it's Central Location. Also it is very close to Green Park Tube station, which has 3 tube lines, and makes it really easy to access the rest of London.Although the hotel is classified as 5 star, I would describe it as a good 4 star hotel based on my previous experiences. I didn't see this as a negative, as the price that I paid via Lastminute.com (£120 per night) was still cheaper than the majority of central 4 star hotels.The bedrooms were quite small, but that is normal for central London, and we didn't spend that much time in the hotel room anyway.The design of the bathroom did cause problems, as they have tried to cram too much into a small floor area. The bathroom had a seperate Bath and shower, but as a result the Toilet was crammed into the corner next to the sink, and you had to sit at an angle as there was not enough room for your legs directly in front. It may seem like a minor thing, but this is one home comfort that I care about! I'm not sure if all rooms have a similar bathroom layout.All in all I would reccommend the hotel as it was clean and perfectly located and the staff that I dealt with were all friendly and helpful.	
Aug 20 2008 	Top Class Hotel	Stayed here for a week and never had 1 complaint to make. The hotel was pretty much full for our entire stay but the service was excellent. It may not be to The Ritz or Four Seasons 5* standards but then again you do not pay the same rate. It is a modern 5* hotel. I stayed in a Superior Room and it was a good size for London standard, and the facilities were excellent, Bang &amp; Olufsen TV, iPod Docking Station, Marble Bathroom, TV in the Bath, Table and Stairs, and ample wardrobe space. We were on the second floor and overlooked the restaurant Nobu. We were celeb spotting the entire time, as well as spotting all the fabulous cars. The breakfast is not worth £22.50 but we had it included in our package. You have a buffet continental breakfast, and then you can order a hot breakfast, full english, gammon &amp; eggs, kippers, etc. Would return here tomorrow if going back to London. The location is amazing, best I ever had. So close to everything. You can literally walk to Oxford St / Bond St / Kensington / Covent Garden, etc, in under 15min. A few Tips:1. Get the tube from the airport as the Green park station is less than 1 min walk from the hotel.2. Book thru the hotel website, best prices and they tend to give you first preference.	
Aug 13 2008 	Nice location	Traveled with elderly parents. Rooms with balcony nice, but just be careful in bathroom. Shower area can be very slippery...open type concept, but no handrails or grab bar for shower or bath. Bathrooms not suited for elderly. But other than that, lovely location, excellent staff, great breakfast buffet. Would stay again, but bring &quot;flip-flops&quot; to wear in bathroom for traction. Very clean and friendly. Just steps from underground, bus and tour bus stop.	
Aug 5 2008 	Liked the May Fair	The May Fair is a good hotel in a fabulous neighbourhood and very handy for tubes and connections. The tube station Green Park is 1 minute from the hotel. It is a huge hotel but the service from the concierge, reception etc is very good. The bedroom (superior king) is small enough but confortable. We had trouble with our TV however, but they rectified this. It was quite noisy late at night inside the hotel with people returning to their rooms as the hotel was full on the Sat night. Sunday night was much quieter. The Air Conditioning would not go below 19 degrees so if you like a very cold room, that's not really an option.Apart from all that, the location is great, the place is clean and extremely comfortable, the service is very good. We got a good deal on the hotel's own website about a week in advance so that was even better.	
Jul 16 2008 	perfect location!	This hotel was in a perfect location in London. It was within walking distance to Buckingham palace, Green Park, and so many wonderful restaurants. The restaurant named Nobu was across the street from our hotel. It has two restaurants, and also a bar that plays great music, and great drinks, but slow service. The rooms were nice and clean. The only downside was the shower. There was no curtain or door, just a half glass door that made a huge mess of water on the floor, which you have to be careful not to fall getting out of the shower. There was also no clock in our room, just a phone with a clock across the room. We were on the 8th floor, and it had big windows which you cant open, but at time the noise made it sounded as if the windows were open.	
Jul 16 2008 	Not easy to find a decent room (non-smoking and quiet)	Decided early July to take the wife to London for the 14th July week-end and after spending more time than I wished (too much information on the internet !), I settled on a lastminute.com custom package with a train ride from Paris to London and two nights at the Mayfair hotel.I picked the hotel after reading some decent comments here, particularly one saying it was one of the &quot;topsecret hotels&quot; on lastminute.com - After comparing descriptions I was pretty certain I had spotted it and sure enough when the confirmation came in that was the one. I was looking for a centrally located hotel and a comfortable one, we don't travel very often so the 5 stars sounded good and the price of €210/night was pretty decent. I picked it over Radisson in Leicester square for the size of the rooms, international sockets and room safe. I added €70 to upgrade from the Superior to Deluxe room based on that previous feedback. Everything looked good on paper...Got in at 12.30pm and were given our room ahead of the normal 2PM check-in time, nice and confirmed it was indeed non-smoking. It was room 651 on the 6th floor, right at the end of an endless corridor and probably next to a &quot;remote&quot; kitchen because of the smell. Anyway we got in and immediately noticed a smell of cigarette...other than that the room was very nice, large bed, two windows, thick carpet. Still we hate the smell of cigarette so I called the reception to get that sorted. In the meantime my wife used the bathroom while I noticed that the &quot;international sockest&quot; were in fact a &quot;socket&quot; and US, not French, duh...My wife came back and I updated her on the cigarette smell situation and so did she since had gotten a bad headache in the bathroom. I went in there and wow, that's where the smell came from, obviously some idiot had been smoking in the bathroom and left is smelling like an ashtray, shameful, and the &quot;perfume&quot; added when they made up the room almost made it worse....20 minutes and two calls later someone came up to show us two other rooms, 812 and 814 on the 8th floor. Supposedly with a lot of &quot;natural light&quot;, fine...unfortunately while the rooms were nice too they overlooked the roof of an adjacent building and it's massive air conditioning system. The noise was horrible and although the guy tried to tell us it might be a truck parked in the street we turned down these rooms. He then told us that's all they had available in the Deluxe category - strange since the hotel has 438 roomsand it was 1PM - so he would have to downgrade us...great. 15 minutes later he came back to show us three &quot;superior&quot; rooms, 661, 662, and 663. 661 had a balcony overlooking a powerful A/C again and was pretty shabby, 662 smelt like a some had sweated heavily...so we settled on 663. It also overlooked a distant A/C exhaust, but due to its small window it was bearable. Compared to the Deluxe, there is a sliding door for the bathroom instead of a real door, only one window no bed post and a slightly worn out carpet and some marks on the wall. At this point we were tired and settled for it. Naturally I requested some type of &quot;gesture&quot; for the downgrade, like &quot;free breakfast&quot;. He said he would check with the manager.....Called back to say the manager had refused but that he would keep on checking...never heard back from him! In the evening when we got back I went to the reception and made a nuisance of myself and they finally threw in a free breakfast for the next day, priced at £22.50 so about the equivalent of the deluxe upgrade I had paid for.The rest of our stay was uneventful, but I did have to put a pillow over my head to get to sleep to drown the noise of the AC, fortunately during the night it slows down and makes less noise. In the noise department I found the insulation to be pretty poor, as you can hear people chatting in the corridor and the sliding door of the bathroom isn't great for intimacy.On the plus side the free wifi connection is very fast and it was nice to have a safe to store the laptop during the day. The hotel is also very well located, a two minute walk from the &quot;Green Park&quot; station and fifteen minute walk from Oxford Street.Overall decent, but I could have done without the hassle of finding a room that didn't reek of cigarette and that was reasonably quiet. I didn't expect this from a 5 star hotel.	
Jul 6 2008 	Always a Pleasure	I've stayed at the May Fair a few times over the last few years and always try to stay here if I can. The service is always excellent and, since it's so close to Green Park Underground, it's so convenient. The staff are always helpful and pleasant and the rooms are great - even the smaller ones. I would thoroughly recommend it to any business traveller (especially with the free wireless internet) or any tourist wanting a bit of luxury during their visit.	
Jul 6 2008 	Not worth the money	Upon entering the hotel, the reception is very modern and gives you that luxury feel, but don't be fooled!! After checking in we were shown to our room - what a disappointment, it was small, the bathroom was not modern in anyway, the whole room was tired and needed updated (stains on carpet, stains on cushions and paintwork chipped), and to top it all we were overlooking the air-conditioning units, which were noisy! We requested another room and had to wait approximately 3/4 hour and numerous phone calls for someone to show us to another room - and what a let down that was. We must have got the tiniest room in the hotel, the bathroom was behind a sliding door beside your bed, and the smell from the drain in the shower was horrendous. So we asked to move again... This time we were shown to a twin room, it was a bit better but not worthy of a 5 star rating. At 3 o’clock in the morning it was a different story all together, there is a restaurant/nightclub &quot;nobu&quot; opposite and the noise when everyone is leaving is a nightmare. Be prepared to be awake until 4.00am until everyone is in their taxis etc leave!!!!With regards to breakfast, unless you get a deal with breakfast included, don't pay the £22.50 it is not worth it. The cooked breakfast was all right, nothing special, as for the continental, the fruit had seen better days, and there wasn't that much of a selection. Go to the cafes at the back of hotel for a better breakfast.All in all the Mayfair has established a brand identity that exudes luxury, it is supposedly where all the celebs stay and when you say you stayed in the Mayfair people gasp oooohhhh, but it doesn't live up to that brand image and I wouldn't say it is a 5 star hotel. It is expensive to stay in the Mayfair and when you are paying a premium you expect premium standards and services. I believe they spent a lot of money refurbishing, the decor is ok, but they need to spend time on attention to detail and cleanlinessThe area of Mayfair is lovely and I would stay in the area again no problem, just not at this hotel.	
Jun 30 2008 	Nice elegant Place in the heart of MayFair	due to business purposes I booked this hotel to stay for 3 days in London. The location was amazing, close to Green park Metro Stop, and in walking distance from Oxford Street. Hotel is really good equipped, elegant but modern and made me feel relaxed after full and stressing days. nice choice for shoppers too, but also for people on business. In conclusion I did like it.	
Jun 17 2008 	Above average hotel . . . for the price	The May Fair is a fairly decent hotel for London standards. The rooms (we stayed in a Deluxe King) are a very good size and boast a nice king sized bed, large bathroom with a separate tub (a rare find in central London) and a flat-screen TV. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. Our week-long stay went off with only one real problem: the shower. Sadly, the May Fair has the worst shower for a hotel of its class (Radisson claims it is a 5* hotel). In an attempt to achieve some sort of post-modern design, the shower is separated from the rest of the bathroom by a small glass partition and no dam for the water. This means if your drain clogs, as ours did the first shower we took, the water will end up all over the bathroom. I read comments about this before booking and the comments about the shower are all spot on. They did fix the clog and the water only made it about a foot out of the shower after that. This could be EASILY fixed by the hotel by putting in a damn for the water. Now, if you are a large person, you will not like this small shower. It is not so good. The toilet is a bit high too. I am not a tall man nor am I short, but I was on my toes when sitting. It can be annoying. . . but typical of European toilets.Green Park tube station is steps away. But if you choose to take the tube from Heathrow, do know there are some steps to haul luggage up. Bond Street is walking distance as is Buckingham Palace. And there is a Pret a Manger (look it up if you don't know what it is) only 2 blocks away.Concerning other complaints I have read: There is no noise at this hotel. The windows do not open, which can be stuffy. The restaurant, Alba, is absolutely terrible. But very centrally located. Great places to eat breakfast behind hotel (do not waste the money for their English breakfast, 5 pounds will get you one just around the corner from hotel). And finally, I heard this is the hotel to see and to be seen... This hotel does have a high-end client base, but its more business-class than anything else.Would I stay here again? For what I paid per night, yes.It was a nice stay for 150 pounds a night.	
Jun 6 2008 	To Be or Not To Be A Five Star Hotel	Having previously stayed at the sister Hotels Grafton and Hampshire, where I had problems, I was upgraded to the Mayfair, by the Hotel Group. Therefore I paid £169 for a King Room with VAT and Full Breakfast. I state this, as the true price for what I was presented would have been £358.88 inc VAT and Breakfast. So to review this Hotel, I will do it 2 ways, firstly from the perspective of what I actually paid, secondly from what it should have cost. Hotel is easy to find, tube stop Green Park, then a 3 minute walk. Hotel looks regal from the outsiide. Lobby modern and looks rather nice, but has a very strange smell of air freshner, wafting through it. I arrived at 9.15am, and an early check in had been requested. I was initially served by a rude receptionist, who quite frankly should not be working in this type of Hotel. I could hardly understand what she was talking about, she had a very strong French accent. I had to ask her to repeat herself many times, which annoyed her. So she ended up talking to me as if I was a child. Truely unproffessional and downright rude. She told me that there was no chance of an early check in, and the room would be ready by 2pm...so much for the request. There was no pleases or thank you's from this surly woman. First impression given by this receptionist, the Hotel could not care less. bad first impression. I left the bags at the Concierge and went for a shower in the Spa. It was downstairs. I was greeted and given a locker key, Inside the locker, towels and gown. Shower room clean with stone floors. Showers were incredible. Bottled water, hair gel, shaving kits, hair brushes etc were all available free, within the shower rooms. These little extras do make a difference to ones impression of a 5 star hotel. Just before leaving the Hotel I asked the Concierge for a request. Given past tripadvisor experiences, I was not expecting to get a reply. I returned to the Hotel, at around 5.30, was dealt with quickly, by a most charming receptionist. What a contrast. She took me over to the Concierge. The Concierge gave me a letter, detailing the answers to my request, with map and an offer to ring the shop and arrange everything. Well done concierge..top marks. The receptionist escorted me to my room on the 5th floor personally, whilst carrying my bag......wow. She showed me into the King Deluxe room, and explained everything to me. When she left I took the photos. The room, had a bathroom almost the same size as the room, but no bath. This was a disapointment. I suddenly realised I had been given a disabled room. Sinks were lower, hand raills, walk in shower etc. The room was so large and at one end was the walk in shower and toilet etc and at the other a walk in closet. Why put the closet in the bathroom? Every time I put on the power shower the room filled with steam, the extractor did not work and the clothes became damp. Crazy. The bedroom was ok for size, TV was top of the range flat screen, tea coffee making facilities etc. The problem with the room, it simply was not luxurious. If you have stayed at a true luxe hotel, their rooms have a homely charm, Connaught, Ritz etc. They ooze class. All this room ozzed was coldness and minimalistic coldness at that. It simply did not have any charm to it. I went to meet friends on the Wednesday night, on my return at 2.15 am, the lobby was deserted. No secuirity, no receptionist. I could not believe it. No member of staff was actually in the lobby. Anyone could walk in and have access to the rooms. It felt unsafe. I have never seen this at any hotel I have ever been to. The breakfast in the morning, Normally £22.50. The dining room reminds me of the 1970's with dark wood and orange fittings, not to my taste at all. I was sat at a table facing the open grill. I waited for over 10 minutes to be served, whilst staff stood around talking. The table was dirty and had not been set up for the next guest. Why sit me here? Eventually a woman came to me and took my order. She noticed the missing jam pots, so stretched over the table and took them from another table. She did nothing about the cleanliness of the table. The cooked breakfast was not great, and if you had paid £22.50 you would have felt ripped off. The Continental breakfast looked poor. There are plenty of eateries around this hotel with cheap breakfasts, my advice use these. So overall, at £169 inc VAT and full breakfast, I could not reccomend this hotel enough. For the price it was excellent, looking at other 4 star hotels. Now at the real price, it simply is not good enough. It is not a luxe 5 star hotel. I could not see where the recent £75 million had been spent. The room was souless. The breakfast service was appauling and food tasteless. I could not justify and would not pay full room rate. To use the spa....a steam room, sauna and relaxation room would cost another £15.00 per visit. I am sorry, but if I paid £350 + for this room, I would expect the steam room or sauna to be free. It does not feel and is not a 5 star property in the same league as the Savoy, Ritz, Connaught etc, yet it is in their price bracket. So overall, if you can cut a deal, that prices it at around £150 inc VAT etc, then stay here, its a good 4 star feeling property, but at full rate you can find better hotels in London and it would be better to avoid it. Could not reccomend this hotel at full price, simply not good enough to be a true 5 star property.	
Jun 3 2008 	We'd Stay Here Again	Mid-May 2008.My sister and I booked in here on the Radisson.com website which offered fairly good rates for hotels in the the upper-crusty area of Mayfair. Although the web site said king, we called and had it changed to a twin.Check in went pretty smoothly, they had me in the computer from the old Intercontinental days. Reception staff was quite nice, we had a trainee and she was a bit overly apologetic for taking so long. We didn't mind, there was a real buzz in the lobby that night. Lots of paparazzi hanging around outside the bar on Berkley Street - waiting for a 3rd rate celebrity it turned out but it was a bit exciting in the meantime wondering who it was!We hadn't stayed at this property since 2000 and wow what a difference. Gone was the flowery chintz and in with the totally neutral, beige and brown, very masculine furnishings. Saying that, the beds were very comfortable, there was a glass table with two cozy chairs and best of all the Ipod player!The Mayfair advertises its technology, Bang &amp; Olufsen, flat screen TVs, etc. One of its coolest little devices was the light up Do Not Disturb sign. It took us a bit to figure out to turn it on - light switch on the wall! We had a TV in the bathroom but it didn't seem to work. Must admit that I never reported it to Reception. We couldn't figure out the alarm clock or the radio but having the IPOD made up for it. Had to call Reception for a wake-up call which did work out! We did try the TV in the room late one night but it seemed rather marginal without very many stations so we made apt use of the good reading lights and read the new books we had picked up that day at Murder One books on 76-78 Charing Cross Road.Our room was a very good size for a central London hotel. Plenty of room to walk around in, the bathroom was to die for. Both a deep, luxurious tub and a shower. Plus two sinks where we could both brush up at the same time. The make-up/shaving mirror is attached at rather an odd angle. The only odd bit about the bathroom was the modern fittings were cut into the old marble and weren't expertly finished - you could see gaps.The bedroom was delightfully quiet, no noise from anyone on either side of us. The closet was very good, lots of space to hang clothes and to fit in suitcases, and plenty of drawers.The reception staff was very accommodating. We requested that we be able to fit bottled water and juice so they cleared out the mini-bar frig for us. We packed it up with fruit and cheese from Marks and Spencer for late night post theatre snacks. Perfect! One fault: we requested a plate and silverware and they were dirty when they arrived. This type of thing is unacceptable in a supposedly 5 star hotel. The person bringing it should have checked it first.The main Concierge was very good, however, his minions were a bit lacking and were not great at returning phone calls. However, if you showed up at the desk, they did try to be very helpful.We didn't use the spa, health club or even get a drink at the bar! Most nights we were just too tired! In the mornings I popped down to Starbucks and Sainsburys for fruit and coffee. A huge savings on the expensive hotel breakfasts. Right behind the hotel is a great little breakfast spot with lots of locals stopping in for takeaway egg bagels.Being in Mayfair makes it easy to get around. From the Green Park tube you have easy access to the entire city. We were quite shocked at how expensive the tube has become. At £4.00 each way, it was cheaper to purchase the day rate for £5.30 for zone 1. Very easy to walk up to New Bond Street for shopping and gallery hopping or to stroll through Hyde Park (Check out the Princess Diana Memorial fountain and the Serpentine gallery), St James Park or Green Park. After living on a remote island for most of the year, it was a real treat to pop over to Liberty to check out potential curtain fabrics, buy hair and skin care we can't get on the island and even visit a Waitrose near the V&amp;A to pick up jerk sauce for my husband!Although the MayFair has restaurants we didn't try them. There are little restaurants in Shepherd's Market that won't break the bank, we ate at Sofra twice and now can never eat store bought Hummous again. The food was very good - try the Mezze plate if you are really, really hungry! (Lots of tourists early on and then Turkish locals later in the evening.)There is a great movie house a very short walk away called the Curzon Mayfair that plays an excellent variety of independent and foreign films. Staying at the MayFair was a great city break and terrific time celebrating my sister's birthday. However, I am still not sure if it is really a 5 star hotel. But saying that, we had a great time and will stay there again. Nothing beats the location!	
Jun 2 2008 	Mixed experince  overpromised service poor	Great location - room ok, apart from location of TV which means it is located on the side of the bed, thus requiring one to watch it sideways from the bed. Great view from 225 looking out at fire escape blank wall ! The real issue with the Hotel is the stylish exteriors are not matched by stylish service. The breakfast service is very poor. Long wait to be seated. Poor food layout and presentation. Long wait for bill to sign that never arrived. Understaffed and expensive.Best to eat breakfast elsewhere witha myraid of better options and better service within minutes of the Hotel. Pret a whatever anyone ....Response was Hotel was inadequate, so obviously service is an issue at all levels here.	
Jun 1 2008 	Perfect Place to Stay in London--Luxury and Value	I booked our stay on the Radisson.com website and got an excellent rate, especially given the fact that it was a holiday weekend and the exchange rate was high.The hotel facilities and the room were nicer than expected--very sleek and modern since the hotel had undergone a recent renovation. The staff was courteous and fairly attentive. There was a concierge until midnight, although it was sometimes hard to get through by phone.The room had every amenity, with an all marble bath with very attractive fixtures. The beds were incredibly comfortable and turndown was included. Towels were generous size and thick. Wireless internet was free in the room.Our only complaint was that even though it was a non-smoking room, nearby residents were smoking and the smell of cigarettes was powerful at times. also, could use a telephone in the bathroom so as to hear the phone ring while showering.There is a Sainsbury supermarket with late/weekend hours across the street so we kept breakfast in our minifridge, which they had emptied our at my request before our arrival.The location was perfect and there was a tube stop a few minute's walk away. I would definitely stay here again anytime!	
May 24 2008 	Overpriced ordinary service	The location of the hotel is brilliant, the rooms were pretty tiny and the concierge and management service was appauling. If you don't get this hotel on a cheap rate don't waste your money. The concierge did not get back to me on 3 occasions. On one ocassion i required a private vehicle to take me to an appointment, they did not bother to return my call and advise me of their inability to book. Just terrible service. They also charged us $100 in mini - bar charges that we did not incur and we are yet to be reimbursed. AND Not one employee i came across in the week i was there had english as their first language and this is ENGLAND !!	
May 15 2008 	Too expensive for the quality	Stayed one night in Business Class King Deluxe room on a business trip. Only reason for staying here was the location for my meeting. There is absolutely no charm nor beauty at this hotel. Staff pretty uninspiring and the rooms are nothing special at all. Bathroom tiny tiny. “Recently undergone a £70 million refurbishment.” Spent on what? The price of Pds 334.- per night it’s definitely not worth it and London has much better hotels to offer in same or better price range. Will not go back here!	
May 6 2008 	Quite Posh	I just stayed at this hotel a few nights ago and it was great. It has a fabulous style to it. Really contemporary but also warm. Staff were great and wishe I could have stayed longer. Really close to the tube which is great, also walking distance to major sites. Free internet in the rooms too which is always appreciated. Some of the suites are quite interesting too if ppl want a fancy upgrade. Expensive but what isn't in London?	
May 3 2008 	great hotel!!!!!	i was fairly concerned about staying at this hotel after watching the tonight program.how ever when i got to the hotel it was nothing as it seemed in the programme.i room was beautiful, with a tv in the bathrrom, the service from all members of staff was great too.we had breakfast in our room in the morning that too was fantastic.i wouldn't hesitate staying here again.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Rooms in a fantastic location	We stayed here in January. Its our favourite hotel in London. Rooms are minimalistic but very comfortable and a great location with access to Green Park underground. Great to watch the beautiful people coming and going at Nobu restaurant opposite.	
Apr 21 2008	Socked but not surprised	After watching Tonight with Trevor McDonald I now understand why the bathroom had a funny smell. Its horrible to think that I took my family to somewhere that wasnt quite what it seemed. I feel really let down thinking that the carpet wasnt hoovered the sheets might not have been clean and who knows how my coffee mug was washed. Radisson have not only let themselves down but have probably spoilt my stay at any hotel in the future, and all for £350 not exactly so cheap that they couldnt afford to buy some cleaning products.I cant imagine ever staying in a Radisson again. (or the trouble is I can imagine thats why I wont) .	
Apr 7 2008	Rats Mice Filth germs	I was appaled at the lack of cleanlines in this hotel and to prove my findings did you see the programme tonight on ITV 7th aprilTonight with Trevor Mc DonaldAll the Raddison 5 star treatment showed Maids clening Sinks with toilet brushes, 1 Sponge on the shift to clean all rooms, this cleans your cups the sink toilet and shower, all used towels and pillow slips from previous guests cleans your Bathroom. Imagine someones greasy head on a pillow slip is drying your gllasses and cups,Your bedsheets being re used and also , dirty quilts on the bedsAnd we are paying mega bucks for this service.Never again will i stay in a raddison what [--] holes they are.	
Mar 27 2008 	Simply Great!	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel this year and I cannot find fault!The staff are always extremely friendly and helpful , Ali in the restaurant even remembered me!! The rooms ..... Clean, modern, tastefully decorated, welcoming.(only downfall i did have was on the first visit, my room faced Sainsburys and the early morning/ late night deliveries were noisy) ... in fairness to the hotel, i didn't mention it until i was leaving, i am sure i would have been moved if i had!The Breakfast ... Absolutely lovely and tastey! Great fresh fruit selection and pastries .. hot breakfast served quickly and very good!The dinner ... good selection, the fillet beef was scrumptious! as were the prawn and pork starter ! - wonderfulIf you are looking for a hotel with good access to the West End for business or pleasure .. i would recommend the Radisson	
Mar 23 2008 	Hotel nice but not 5*	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights (Fri/Sat) in a Deluxe King room. Room was nice and had an outdoor walled terrace (presumably for sunbathing &amp; smokers), had all the usual facilities for a room of this type but nothing extraordinary.Requested a room with TV in the bathroom but that didn't transpire and there were none spare when we asked.The walk-in wardrobe was a shelf, drawers and pole for hangars - but in the bathroom! No doubt done to save space but not too practical with steam from the shower or bath.As I say, the room was ok, clean and contemporary but have stayed in better 4* hotels.The complimentary wireless internet access was good but the bandwidth is around 450Kbs so not too good for internet TV (BBC iPlayer had intermittent pauses)Staff very friendly so can't fault them at allOnly had breakfast in the hotel but was a very mediocre full English served with not too much attention to presentation (bacon clumped together, eggs not fully cooked and burned sausages) luckily it was included in the rate I got but I wouldn't pay the £17.50 they were asking.All in all, it was a disappointing experience and we expected more from this prestigious 5* hotel.	
Mar 23 2008 	Very good but not exceptional	We booked an overnight stay in a King Deluxe room. Hotel has a great style to it and this was reflected in the rooms. Friendly check in despite a queue. Excellent meal in the Amba restaurant in the evening with good service and a very good breakfast in the morning. However, if you were any later than us at 9.30 then there was a huge queue for a table.Now the negatives... the room had a tv in the bathroom but this did not work. We had lunch and cocktails in the May Fair bar and witnessed 3 of the waitresses 'tasting' a cocktail before it was delivered to the customer (one of whom tasted the cocktail with a straw and proceeded to dip it back in again - yeuch). We asked to speak to the Duty Manager who was suitably apologetic but frankly didn't feel that the problem would be hastily rectified. We were told it was an award winning bar in defence of the complaint...Also the rooms lead directly onto the hallway and therefore are rather noisy in the morning which I was rather surprised about.Finally we would have liked to use the spa but were told it was fully booked.All in all this was a very good hotel with a few areas that need improvement	
Mar 20 2008 	Beware the Berkley Street side of the Hotel	Stayed at the Mayfair for one night while on a business trip and unfortunately had a very bad night. I had flown in early in the morning from the US and all I needed from the hotel was a clean, comfortable room and an a good nights sleep after a long day. I needed to check-out early the next morning.The hotel is nice, the rooms are clean and the staff pleasant but very busy. I have stayed at many London hotels over the last 15 years and will say that the Mayfair could be viewed a good value for the money but there are better choices for a business hotel in the area.My room was on the Berkeley street side of the building and directly across from an afterhours nightclub which closes at 3am. Around 100 partiers exited the club onto the street with all of the noise you would expect. Add to this car horns and a barking dog. This continued until after 4am. I was awakened again around 5:15 by the sound of bottles from the club being picked up by a garbage truck.When I checked-out at 6:00am I told them about all the noise. They acknowledged that there is an ongoing issue with noise from the club and that they are regularly getting compaints from guests. They suggested requesting an &quot;interior room&quot; (not very useful information at that point). They asked that I write a complaint letter to the hotel's mangement so that they can build a case to address the noise issue.I'm not sure why that should be their guest's issue to help them address this. So, beware if you stay here and make sure you ask for an &quot;interior room&quot;.	
Feb 22 2008 	Loved this Hotel	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel for one night on 19th Feb. I can not find fault. Room was excellent. Staff very good. No problems at all. Can't imagine how anyone could find fault.	
Feb 20 2008 	Typical Radisson	I got a &quot;top secret&quot; deal at this hotel so I didn't pay more than 199 gbp for two nights, breakfast was not included. The location is very good, one of the best in fact. It's a small walk to Piccadilly Circus and also to Harrods and Hyde Park.The hotel itself is very typical Radisson. You know what you get. However I don't see any difference from this 5* hotel to other Radissons 4*. I didn't eat at the hotel, so don't know anything about the food.There was a business center with 5 computers, for free. We didn't have laptops, but I know there is free wireless internet at the hotel too. Very good!I can recommend this hotel if you get a good deal and want to be close to everything, but it's not a 5*, in my opinion.	
Jan 29 2008 	Excellent choice	We stayed at The May Fair on 25th and 26th January - enjoyed our stay immensely - staff very courteous and helpful - food excellent and bedroom beautifully appointed. Just one street from Green Park underground. Will definitely stay again.	
Jan 10 2008 	Wonderful!!	We loved everything about this hotel...the location,decor etc etc. Our room was a great size,decorated to very high standard.The bathroom was spotless and very chic! Would stay there again and can't understand why anyone could say a bad thing about this fantastic hotel.Take it from me...It's top class!	
Jan 8 2008 	Absolute Kip- Hated it	Booked in for 2 nights, New Years Eve and New Years Day- we were so excited going to London for a 5* Hotel break...however, from the minute we walked in the door, there were problems...it totally ruined our New Years Celebrations. I had paid £550 for the 2 nights, and had booked a &quot;king deluxe suite&quot;, the guy in reservations further upgraded us, by offering us a Terrace, with a view of the city. We got to our room, it was small and dirty, there was a king size bed, but i would consider that fairly standard. The 'Terrace' is a small dreary area, which is enclosed entirely by ten foot walls, and the room was totally overlooked by other rooms. Some of the lights didn't work. The walk in wardrobe was in the bathroom (there was no doors on wardrobe, steam/ smells etc...) The mini bar was half empty, there were no slippers, there was only 1 wine glass, no water glasses, there was a kettle and no cups, no water in the mini bar. We were accused of drinking the Champagne, even though we told them that wasn't the case, we still had to fight to get it removed from the bill. We rang reception with the various items, however each time, we were promised &quot;i'll have it sent up immediately&quot; nothing ever arrived. On New Years Eve we went into the hotel bar for a cocktail before bed at around 1.15am. The barman, when we ordered a Cosmo and Manhattan, told us he didn't make cocktails...i produced their cocktail list (which is fairly extensive) he then backtracked, but said he had no ingredients. ..i said i'd need to speak to a manager, and all of a sudden he found the ingredients. The staff are so badly trained, the 'Manager' is rude and clearly inexperienced. I would strongly recommend staying well away from this terrible place, it had us both so upset....	
Jan 6 2008 	By far the best hotel I have ever experienced	Me and a friend booked a one night stay through Superbreak (excellent rates) as part of a christmas shopping trip. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel like royalty; the hotel exterior is very discreet and on a quiet street off of Picadilly, just steps away from Green Park tube. There street was lined with very expensive blacked-out cars, we were greeted by two doormen opening one side of the double door each, and the whole ambiance was very exclusive- but not at all pretentious. The lobby was cool, calm, and oused quality, the centerpiece was a huge contemporary Baccarat Chandelier. Individual furniture and sculptures were carefully placed around the lobby. There were always copious numbers of reception staff on hand, and check in was prompt and efficient, we were shown to our room upon arrival at 12:00, which was brilliant as the hotel states that check-in is not until 2:00.A free upgrade to a twin deluxe simply blew us away. The room was huge, I would guess it was about 15x20 foot, two double beds with padded leather headboards and matching foot tables, cushions, crisp white bedlinen, four feather pillows, and a heavy suede throw. You could just tell the whole place had been newly refurbished. Decorated in coffee and creme tones, with a good range of different lights to create a sumptious, dark mood. Many amenities including two phones (one of them with an email screen), light switches everywhere, lamps and adjustable reading lights by the beds, and a climate control unit.Thick wool carpet, a breakfast table, a sofa, a huge mirror, minibar, tea and coffee, and a huge Bang &amp; Oulfsen tv with a number of services avaliable from it, including a ''check my balance'' and hotel information, aswell as Sky TV. There were two opening windows which faced forward onto the quiet treelined street at the front of hotel. The bathroom, about 20x8 foot was of equal quality, with another large opening window. Fully clad floor and walls in solid black granite and white marble. Twin sinks, huge walk in shower that was so powerful it almost hurt, and a good sized bath. Copius amounts of toiletries and four of every type of towel and cloth imaginable, all of excellent quality. The addition of a walk-in dressing/wadrobe area at the other end of the bathroom was a very useful area, and stopped us getting on top of eachother in the room. The beds were turned down on our return from a hard day's shopping, and the night's sleep was very comfortable and deadly silent. We telephoned reception to request slippers, toothpaste, and instructions on how to use the climate control, and every request was met with an instant response at our door (which had it's own doorbell so there was never the sound of knocking in the corridoors- all very well thought out).The hotel took on a bustling, exclusive atmoshphere at night, with many young, rich people in the lobby and bar, and expensive cars being attended to by doormen at the front door. It all added to the excellent ambiance, and really made you feel proud to arrive at the hotel at the end of the day. We walked up Picaddily to Picadilly Circus, then up Regent street and onto Oxford street- a shoppers paradise and although it looks a long way on a map, it was a perfectly easy stroll to do. We didn't have to use the tube until we went home. Shaftesbury avenue was the first port of call for our night out, easily reached again.The breakfast was a hot, full english buffet, with continental on offer too. There was also table service avaliable for any special items such as tea and toast, (we ordered hash browns, at no extra charge to us). Check-out was 11:00 which is pretty late for London, so that gave us plenty of time for a sleep in and a leisurley breakfast. We pushed the time a bit and left the room at 11:30 with no problems. Reception took our bags for the rest of the day and the concierge directed us on where to go for our next day's shopping.Overall, a fantastic experience, and after this being my first stay at the hotel, I would never stay anywhere else but the May Fair when visiting London. We got excellent rates for the room through Superbreak, but I would have happily paid double what I did, I really couldn't have asked for anything more. The entire hotel is fully refurbished top to bottom with the finest quality decor and furniture and the service is excellent, you really can't go wrong. SPECTACULAR!	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice weekend Break	I went to Central London for a weekend break with my Husband on the 21st December for two nights.As soon as we walked in, check in went smoothly and did not take long at all. We where then shown to our room which was a nice 5* touch. We stayed in the King Size Deluxe Room which was nicely decorated, the bathroom was amazingly big.Things which I enjoyed and Liked:1. Mayfair Spa2. Breakfast delvered to the room3. Mayfair Palm Casino4. Drinks at the Mayair Bar and also Amber Bar5. Service Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and just relaxed as we wanted to take time out before we had the whole family gatherings for Xmas. Yes the hotel is expensive, however taking into consideration the area (mayfair) and the hotel group then that's what you are paying for.	
Dec 30 2007 	Overpriced...	I finally checked in there after midnight with my wife and sons on foggy December 23rd , for a 5 nights stay after booking my flights and stay with lastminute &quot; top secret&quot; hotels:Rooms were large and tidy , with comfortable beds,but poor lightings.Amazingly quiet place for central London and extremely good location 200 yards from Green Park tube station, so conveniently 45 minutes away from Heathrow on direct Piccadilly line.We did not have any 22 £ breakfast or any meal inside the hotel, but even though we have nothing to really complain about, a few things make us think that the cost of our stay seems clearly overpriced : Presence of a doorman, concierge and numerous reception/ housekeeping staff members, cabs waiting in line outside the hotel,as well as sophisticated artificial scents in the lobby, Bang &amp; Olufsen tv sets in the bedrooms are not enough to comply with &quot;5 stars&quot; requirements, which you would expect to be at least close to perfection.No christmas decoration any where, but a gloomy ambiance in the lobby..Never forget to turn on the &quot;Do not disturb &quot; switch, otherwise the housekeeping ladies will knock at your door as soon as 8 o'clock....Don't expect your out of order bedlight to be replaced if you do not specify it after a couple of days....Dont look for the hairdryer in the bathroom, it's in a drawer in front of your bed...Don't even move any item in the minibar, or it will be automatically charge on your bill (watch out when checking out !)Many little details.....	
Dec 28 2007	Not a Festive Hotel no atmosphere no christmas tree food appalling	After reading reviews of this hotel being &quot;upbeat&quot;, &quot;throw off the glad rags&quot;, exclusive hotel, I booked into this hotel for the Christmas period. There was no festive season at all, when I asked was there anything special for Christmas Day I was told 'business as usual&quot;. No Christmas tree, about eight decorations in the foyer. The atmosphere was so dead. I had booked for Christmas dinner three months prior confirming times with them and when I arrived down for my meal on Christmas Day I was told the christmas lunch was over. My friend was handed burnt potatoes and a piece of turkey like leather which she didn't eat. The conceriege were helpful but I wish this hotel would have advertised that they are not into the Festive Season, in that it would have been more honest.The people the few that were there, were dressed in fleeces and in jeans. I felt I was had. This was an expensive hotel and personally I would not recommend it to anyone. The bedrooms were tiny and seem to be catering more for men than women.	
Dec 27 2007	Over priced and sadly quite disappointing	I stayed from December 24th 2007 for three nights until the 27th. I will try to be fair and frank with my appraisal. On arrival reception was polite and organised, although they didn’t offer any extra info on London, or ask if I needed any help or information. I took my one bag to the room, which was a 'Deluxe' room, on the 6th floor, although I asked for one on the 9th. The room was in a beige décor, quite nice, large, but still a bit soulless.The bathroom was small and had a walk in wardrobe attached with no separating door, so all the steam from the bathroom went to the area where all your clothes were, not a good idea! It was also a bit cold in there with no radiators or heating. The shower was some contemporary glass screen, floor to ceiling design, but was too narrow as you kept bashing your elbows when you turn to wash, plus it was a bit dangerous at night because you could not see the glass and easily walked into it if you went in low light conditions. The bathroom floor was just cheap black glazed tiles, with no colour at all in the bathroom, with a common white flecked marble sink with circular ceramic bowls, it felt quite late 1980s in its monochrome style and definitely not five star, more like three star.The bed in the room was a King Size, nice and large, but was lopsided, and didn’t give a good sleep because it was so hard. Having lower back ache the rest of the next morning is not a positive. The views out of the window were, well, non-existent of London; just a large imposing office block with large glass windows looking directly into your bedroom. I was lucky as it was Christmas and the office was empty, otherwise it would have been too intimidating to have the cloth window rollers open because you would have been like a goldfish in its bowl for the office workers opposite, you really need to be on the ninth floor to get above the offices and actually see something out of the windows, plus get some real light into the room.The hotel’s website and room guide boasts a “Bang and Olufsen entertainment system”, which to be honest was laughable and dishonest at the least. All there was, was a 25 inch standard TV, not even a plasma or LCD, and that’s it! No DVD player, no CD player, and not even a radio. I deliberately brought some films on DVD to watch if it got boring, but was extremely disappointed by the total lack of an entertainment system. Reception didn't even have a DVD player to lend! Even the TV channels were just the UK free ones, with not even Sky Movies or even the free Film Four channel. All there were was were the five terrestrial channels and a load of foreign language news channels, not exactly five star choice entertainments there. I tried to book the ‘Radisson Mayfair spa’ to find out all the treatments were fully booked for 3 days, even though the hotel was 75% empty, no extra staff were on hand for Christmas, and even the 'Mayfair Bar' was astonishingly closed for all the three days I was there, the 24, 25 &amp; 26 December, so much for putting an effort in for its Christmas guests. The other bar and restaurant were open, the ‘The Amba Bar and Grill’, where the décor was pleasant, and the food was good, priced ok for a five star, although the service was not as attentive as it could have been.Room service was hit and miss, with a reasonable Full English breakfast coming one morning at £24 (including the 12.5% service charge), but it failed to arrive the next morning as they had “lost” the order card that you hang on the door the night before, and not much of an apology, which added insult to the empty stomach awaiting. On checkout there was a couldn’t care less attitude, and I wasn’t even asked if I enjoyed my stay, just a limp “goodbye” and on to the next customer.Overall it was definitely not a five star hotel, very over priced even though I received a special rate discount due to the holiday, it was probably more like a higher end 3 star hotel. It’s only real bonus was its location which is two blocks from Bond Street and a ten minute walk to Piccadilly Circus and the West End. Besides that I would not stay there again, it really wasn’t worth the money and the service and facilities were disappointing leaving me wishing I’d booked somewhere else.	
Dec 25 2007 	Overpriced and underserviced	My husband, 2 young sons and I stayed here for a couple of nights before Christmas 2007; we had a nice room with very comfortable beds, but the prices were ridiculously high for the service provided. Case in point - we needed an extra adapter, and when we called downstairs for it, were told they would be happy to sell us one. For $500/ night, you'd expect that they would have loaners. Unhappy with the response, I asked to speak to the Mgr to see if they would make an exception for a couple of hours - he told me he didn't like the tone of my voice and he could help me if he wanted, but chose not to. What kind of 5-star service is this? Breakfast also not included - $50 per person. We skipped it and went to the Starbucks down the street. Overall, would not recommend - the service and buyer's remorse soured the trip.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great rooms/location. Very much hope that service improves	This was my second visit to this hotel. Last time I dropped by it was undergoing renovation and was awful, but I found a great deal (128 pounds per night on a King superior room) and took the chance and returned anyway. The place does look brand new and beautiful and has a good bar.The location for me is unbeatable: Picadilly Street one block away with everything close by, and on the other side a 10 min walk to Bond Street (Fenwicks and many many clothing brands). It also has two supermarkets right next to it which is very important for me, two great hairdressers a block away and a Nobu restaurant very very close. Only for these I would return.The new design does lack some character in my opinion but it is neutrally gorgeous with modern black marble bathrooms and the rooms are spacious, and I could even do my yoga exercises in them which is very rare for London standard. They do vary though; The first room i was allocated in had a gorgeous, huge bathroom with a walk-in shower but strangely, the wardrobe was inside it and the door was one of those slide glass doors that I'm not a fan of (I like privacy in the bathroom). Also, it didn't have a minibar or a cupboard anywhere in the room which was very weird. So I requested to be changed, which took about five hours of me calling every thirty minutes and that the first problem. The staff also didn't seem to be syncronized with each other and I had to explain the situation fourty times. I was very kindly changed to room 815 in the 8th floor that has a huge window facing the patio (this was fine as I wanted a quiet room), a smaller bathroom with only a bathtub but neat and with a proper door that closes and locks, a bigger wardrobe (outside of the bathroom thanks God), and the room was slightly larger too.The bed was huge and very comfortable, as were the pillows. The water pressure was excellent, the bathroom was impeccably clean and I am very picky with these things. There was a big, brand new gym with everything, and a spa which is a nice touch.Overall my stay was very very nice, but I just wished the staff would be better trained and English-speaking. There were no british people around except for the Concierge. The people at the reception and especially Room Service are miles away from the Concierge, who is extremely fast and efficient and booked a hairdresser for me twice immediately, and a cab at checkout to go to Heathrow.I couldn't understand the man (strong indian accent) that handled the Room Service and neither did he, and my breakfast requests were always terribly wrong. I paid 22 pounds daily to get a juice and four cold toasts and a mini croissant, because he never asked me whether I wanted fruit or anything else, so I thought it wasn't included. When I inquired, he didn't give me a clear explanation either and the one time I specifically asked for a fruit salad it wasn't very good. Once I decided to request pastries instead of croissants (because both were listed as included but i never seemed to get pastries and the croissants were not that great), he instead brought me two mini croissants, and no toasts or pastries at all! Once he even forgot to bring me a cup with the coffee. It is one of those strange things that one wonders how can happen in a five-star place like this. He did seem nice but there was just no efficiency to it- he moved in slow motion, asked me how i was feeling and then looked disoriented because he clearly couldn't understand my answer. So that was very forced and it was bothering and a waste of time rather than polite. There is a huge difference in this aspect with the other hotel I like a lot which is The Churchill in Portman Square. The Room Service is equally expensive but delicious, fast, and the perfectly trained british gentleman who goes up to your room knows exactly what he is doing and has a mind of his own.The Room Service dinner menu was also very uninspired, and consisted mostly of ham or chicken with different things.I also had some problems with my minibar that wouldn't get refilled in three days in a row, so I quickly ran out of water and juice.And regarding Reception's last stunt to get me into problems, I extended my stay to two more nights but they didn't seem to note it down even though I checked twice, and Housekeeping wanted to get me out of the room one day before, and my key stopped working.I don't think it is doing as good as expected because when I asked if I could stay for two more nights in my room they told me there would be no problem and didn't even rebook it until the last minute. Indeed the hotel seemed quite empty for being December and all.Bottom line: If i could get this same price offer I would most definitely return because the location is heavenly and the rooms are great, but I would make sure that a) I buy all my food and drinks from the Marks &amp; Spencer that's conveniently located right next to the hotel, and b) I expect nothing from the staff, except for the Concierge.	
Dec 23 2007 	Pro's 	Stayed here for just 3 nights during Oct '07 while the wife had business to attend to in London. We would have been disappointed had we paid out of our pocket for this place. Here is what we liked and disliked.Pro's: Good location close to Picadilly, Trafalgar, Palace, etc., modern May Fair lobby bar was a hotspot, comfy beds, clean place, casino in the bldg nice surprise, friendly doormen, nice looking public areas. Con's: Only had 1 sink since handle was broke off 2nd sink upon check in &amp; it stayed that way the whole time even after displaying prominently on the counter for maid, had bfast only &amp; the food just awful &amp; overpriced, May Fair lobby bar way overpriced even for London, rooms are small, toiletries skimpy with shower gel only and no bar soap, We were on a higher floor facing the front of hotel &amp; were woken up very early in the AM by garbage trucks even after they told us it was a quiet room at the desk. My wife had meetings this day &amp; was not happy so, as you can imagine, I was not happy.Overall, this is a decent hotel but not worth the money they are charging. We were really turned off by the broken sink &amp; the fact they just ignored it rather than having it fixed promptly. We also felt lied to by the front desk regarding the noise. We made it clear that we were there on business &amp; dealing with a large time difference &amp; wanted peace &amp; quiet.	
Dec 9 2007 	Good location but overprized	The hotel is conveniently situated near Green Park tube station in May Fair. Three Starbucks within 100ms. Nicely decorated rooms and public areas. Staff indifferent and unhelpful. Unreliable Wifi connection - very slow and frequent disconnects (free of charge though). Small single rooms without a desk. Online check-in did not work at all. Sometimes ordered newspaper not there in the morning . At that price level you expect more.	
Dec 9 2007 	Chintz haters rejoice	As an ex-Londoner, I know London well, but it can be tricky to recommend a hotel - or select one for myself. I came across the May Fair courtesy of this site, and endorse the other reviewers’ positive comments. I stayed six nights for business; on a corporate rate; and was pre-registered to provide immediate access to the room flying into London early in the morning. I suspect all of this meant I was banished to room which whilst having all the attributes others talk about, was so miniaturised I probably should have held out for something better. The décor and general ambience however was very good and a vast improvement on the fusty chintz nightmare which is probably the London default.I came to appreciate what is an excellent location, with Green Park tube strategically located on three lines, and with decent access via cab to Paddington and the Heathrow Express. The Marks &amp; Spencer and Sainsbury on the door step is a nice touch, which would be much improved with a decent fridge and not the automated mini-bars provided. Take care as they bill your room given the slightest provocation.Full marks to the gym which whilst small, has state of the art equipment which is vastly better than the sad broken treadmill and deflated Swiss ball I usually find.I left the best until last - the May Fair lacks the usual ghastly all day café and instead has a fully fledged restaurant, Amba. This is extremely good news for breakfast, which comprises a small, very high quality buffet, plus hot food all cooked to order. No bain-marie in sight and all up the best hotel breakfast, ever. Make sure it’s in the room rate!	
Dec 7 2007 	Good hotel in a fantastic location	I stayed at the Mayfair Hotel at the beginning of December. Overall it was an enjoyable experience. The room was fantastic, well kept and the bathroom spacious with a TV. Check in was quick and efficient and all other requests I had were carried out within 15 mins. For the price paid (150 punds incl. tax) it seemed a fabulous deal for me. Overall a very enjoyable experience.	
Dec 4 2007 	Pure luxury	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. From the moment you walk through the door you are thrown into sheer modern luxury. Check in was very quick and easy. The room was fantastic. Massive by london standards, all very modern and new. The bathroom was also huge with a large bath and seperate shower and double wash basins. All finished with exquisite materials and very clean. Certain aspects went above the norm for a luxury hotel, from the large bang and olufsen tv to the marble bathroom and electronic do not disturb buttons. Loads of room for clothes etc, well stocked mini bar and tea facilities and beautiful range of toiletries. Breakfast was very good with a large selection of foods and the option to have things cooked to order. Excellent location, 2minute walk from the tube and near buckingham palace and easy access to tourist buses etc by the entrance to the underground. An all round fantastic hotel, would definately stay again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Good staff not impressed with the room.	I attended a two day conference at the hotel and first impressions were good. All the staff I encountered were knowledgeable, helpful and polite (although housekeeping did knock on my door at 8am in the morning which I thought was pushing it a bit!)The location is good, literally round the corner from Green Park underground and near to lots of nice shops like Fortnum and Mason. Reception and conference rooms are all very smart and the various meals and snacks that were laid on for us during the two days were nice.My only complaints would be about my room. Although it was huge, I thought it was badly designed. There were sliding wardrobe doors across one wall, Behind which were housed the tv, mini bar, tea and coffee, hairdryer etc. I couldn't get the wardrobe section to open without sliding the doors back across the tv and vice versa. And the hairdryer was one of those ones that's fixed inside a drawer. And the cord wasn't long enough for me to dry my hair in front of the mirror - annoying! I also didn't think the bathroom was quite as smart as it should have been.I'd stay here again for work but it wouldn't be my first choice if I was paying myself. Overall this is a decent hotel though.	
Nov 26 2007 	Dissapointed for the Price	Being a frequent visitor to London, Claridges, my home away from home in London was full, so I decided to stay at the Mayfair, having previously stayed when the hotel was an Intercontinental and knowing that the property had undergone a serious renovation. I was quite dissapointed paying $700/night as the hotel was nothing special. Service was spotty, room was OK with little or no amenties (any hotel with communal soap dispensers in rooms should not be considered luxury, or hygenic). Room service was lousy (tea was ordered and delivered in a cup with a tea bag and the waiter did not even bring it into the room, but handed me a cup and ran off). Good luck getting any space in the hotel bar, its crowded with the after work crowd and they could care less that you are staying at the hotel.I ended up going back to Claridges and was welcomed with open arms even though I was not staying there (at the bar, restaurant). I stayed at Claridges in October, it was less expensive and far, far more memorable. The Mayfair is nothing more that a renovated chain hotel in line with a hyatt or sheraton, not nearly worth the hefty price unless you get a significant deal.	
Nov 14 2007	Not the "old" Mayfair	Stayed Saturday night for a quick trip. Wanted to checkout the updated Mayfair. Wonderful lobby and attentive service. Room not ready when I arrive - waited 2-3 hours but they did call on my cell when ready. Room as described earlier is design over function. Small room but nicely appointed. Too many mechanical problems to recommend a return. Bed lamps on one side did not work. TV on and off - actually came on during the night. The shower leaked under the door flooding the bathroom! I was in a rush to get to an am flight at Gatwick. The tub must have been designed for an anorectic. Impossible to take a comfortable bath - and I am not fat or too tall. Breakfast with room service was reasonably good. Would not go out of my way to return. Too many other hotels in London to waste returning to this one.	
Nov 12 2007 	Not what we expected	Generally, we were disappointed with the Radisson Mayfair Hotel. We booked a superior king room for two nights November 9th and 10th. If it was superior OR a king, you wouldn't know it by staying in it. The bed was barely a queen size, and the room was quite small. One wonders what their standard queen rooms is like. The bathroom, although large, had no tub but a large shower with two heads. There was one sink. We did find the narrow balcony a nice spot to get a view. The room was a triumph of design over practicality. We can honestly say that of the literally hundreds of hotels we've stayed in, this was the only one without one single drawer in the entire room. There were two small bedside cubes, one filled with coffee-making equipment. How an older person would get down there to get the stuff out is beyond me. The closet had a fridge, safe and ironing board. There was ONE shelf way up high on which to put clothing. Other than that, it was live out of one's suitcase. The bed frame and headboard are covered in leather and look quite nice. However, the bed frame protrudes from the mattress, making the sharp corners dangerous when moving about the room. When I went to the desk to nicely ask if my room was truly a superior king, I was assured it was and graciously taken to another superior king to check it out. It had the same amenities, although it was larger and had a few drawers in the closet. Otherwise, the larger room simply contained more empty space. Is it against modern design rules to place a chest of drawers in a room? The lovely young woman who showed me the room advised getting a deluxe king next time, saying it was quite a bit larger with a larger bed. I hope it has drawers! On the plus size, the staff was extremely cordial and gracious. The room was spotless. The breakfast, at 22 pounds (or 44 USD) was quite nice. It was, thank goodness, included in our room rate. The location was excellent, and the Green Park tube station very close. Would we stay here again? Probably not. Although London is extremely costly for visitors, we're sure there is a hotel at equal cost with roomier beds and better room facilities.	
Nov 11 2007 	Nice stay	We visited Mayfair this November and we loved it.The service was excelent. The concierge fixed everything that we requested. Our room was not big, but big enough. The hotel had a very nice location, few minutes walk to shopping, good restaurants, Picadilly Circus and Green Park (Tube station).The restaurant served good food...	
Nov 10 2007 	Spacious Rooms For London!	Coming from the US, I wasn't quite sure what to expect with a Radisson chain hotel. But, in the UK, the May Fair Hotel is not the typical Radisson hotel. The rooms are updated and normal US size, which I'm used to. And, the bathrooms have double sinks as well as separate tubs and showers. It's quiet, but has a lively bar. A lof of hedge funds guys fill the place after work. It's good to stay for business as well as if you're single. And, the tube station is very close. I love the location too. As for service, top notch. Very friendly and helpful. And, they checked me in early, which is always nice after a 10-hour flight.	
Oct 24 2007 	Very swish hotel	I stayed at the May Fair for one night last December to attend a business conference there the next day.The hotel is extremely impressive when you first enter and the reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful. As the hotel was extremely busy at the time and I had arrived quite late, I was told there were no non-smoking rooms available and I would be upgraded to a superior smoking room but, on closer inspection and without prompting, the front desk staff found me a superior non-smoking room so I was given that instead.The room was quite small for a superior room but impressively decorated - the only thing that was slightly off putting was the dark decor coupled with the low lighting, which meant it wasn't ideal for doing work but fine for everthing else.As I had a superior room there was a fabulous walk in wardrobe area - ceiling to floor black marble - to walk through in order to reach the bathroom. The bathroom was beautiful and had a fantastic walk in wet room/shower area. I had room service dinner which was delicious and breakfast was also good. I would recommend this hotel and definitely the superior room to those coming to London for a longer stay because I think the amount of space in the wardrobe and bathroom would be perfect when you have loads of clothes/toiletries etc.As the hotel was booked and paid for by my firm I have no idea what the room rate was but I wouldn't expect it to be cheap. The hotel bar looks as if it's super trendy and while I was there a celebrity version of The Apprentice was being filmed at the hotel so it's obviously a pretty nice place. This is probably the nicest hotel I've stayed at in London and one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in to be honest, only the Hotel du Vin is higher in my estimation for the room size alone.	
Oct 22 2007	Nice building great location but truly awful service. avoid.	Room was 2 hours from being ready when we arrived even though I'd told them over the phone when to expect us and was assured it would be ready. Real problems started when we used the complimentary shoe service - they asked if i needed the shoes back that evening - a definite yes as they were the only ones we had with us and were going out to dinner. With an hour to go before we were due to go out I rang down for a bottle opener and to ask them to bring the shoes up. &quot;Be with you in 5 minutes&quot; I was told by the receptionist who sounded annoyed I was troubling her. 5 phone calls and 45 mins later still no sign of the bottle opener or the shoes. &quot;YES YES, theyre on their way&quot; I was told again. I managed to collar a guy delivering room service out in the corridor andgot his bottle opener off him then went down to ask about the shoes. I spoke to 4 different people who then kept disappearing and not coming back - then the concierge tried to laugh it all off. Eventually my girlfriend rang from the room and said the shoes had just turned up. Just as well as no one on the desk seemed to know what to do and seemed totally clueless and uninterested. Oh, and the shoes hadnt even been cleaned!! Also - when the room was tidied up they left he dressing gowns in a heap on the bed/floor. Not that difficult to hang them up for 200 quid a night surely. Then a fire alarm in the middle of the night and noone answering the phone when we rang to see what was going on. Hmm, 5 star? Not really..	
Oct 13 2007 	Lovely Mayfair District Hotel	I visited the Mayfair Intercontinental on business in February 2003. The room was fantastic with a huge bathroom with towel warmers, and oversized tub. The suite area had a king-size bed with cozy padded fabric headboard, down comforter, and heated floor. Desk, bureaus, and all the &quot;modcons&quot; as the Brits say. Loved the eat-in service - food was fantastic. (I never thought I'd like poached eggs until I tried one here and loved it!). SkyTel in the rooms, and the London Times is delivered daily. There is also a business area for any guest requiring the use of a &quot;field office.&quot; The area is upscale, just down aways from Bond St. shopping, theater, and other cultural activities, if you have the time. The staff was exemplary, indeed, everyone; staff and guests, were courteous. To do: I recommend a show and a shopping excursion, and a spin on the Millennium Wheel!	
Oct 13 2007 	Good location good concierge overall good value for $	This hotel is located in a very plush area.It's also away from the noise of London because it's tucked in a side street.Rooms are comfy and very modern. Bathrooms are also very classy.Room service is prompt. Housekeeping does its job very well throught the day.I also had a great experiecne with the concierge staff during my stay. When my luggage was &quot;MIA&quot; by Lufthansa on a business class ticket the concierge promptly took over and handled over 3 hours of phone hopping dealing with the extremely limited and difficult Lufthansa contract employees.I'd definitely return here for my next trip and definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who can afford it and not nag.	
Sep 26 2007 	Gone downhill since refurbishment	We stayed at the Mayfair Hotel to meet with some friends and have a weekend in London. I recommended this hotel as I'd stayed there before on a cheap weekend with a friend whilst the hotel was undergoing refurbishment. Since it's been refurbished, it seems to have gone downhill. The hotel is furnished in a very minimalist style, which normally I love, but the problem with the deluxe room we had was that the bedroom consisted solely of a bed, a side table and two chairs and a Bang &amp; Olufson TV on the wall. All the other amenities were inside the bathroom which had a glazed opaque door to it. The bathroom door slid on runners to open, but these were extremely stiff and so the door made a noise whenever you opened it. Inside the bathroom was a nice bath and shower, but also your wardrobe and the only mirror in the room. As you might expect, there was no plug in the bathroom, but this meant that to dry your hair or use any other electrical equipment, there was no place to plug it in except in the bedroom, and then if you used anything outside the bedroom, then there was no mirror! Obviously, a girlie problem, but a problem nonetheless!We had a really great evening with our friends, and enjoyed drinks in the Mayfair bar which is really buzzing and recommended.My overall impression of this hotel is that it could be great. I think that we were unfortunate in our room allocation but I think for an upgraded room (we paid extra for the &quot;deluxe&quot; room) then it was poor. I also think that they have too many staff who are new/training as the check in service was poor and issues were not dealt with. Having had such a good stay previously (even given the refurbishment that was going on) and recommended the hotel to my partner and to our friends, I felt very let down on this stay. We have stayed at the Renaissance Hotel at Chancery Court before, and we would definitely return to that hotel rather than to the Mayfair.	
Sep 23 2007	Mayfair on Stratton	Nice hotel very well situated for Tube Station (Green Park) which is only a block away. Easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Circus, etc. Front desk staff very helpful after delay due to room not being ready on time. Sainsbury Market across street for bread, cheese, wine, and breakfast items. It's expensive, but so is everything else in London. We would stay there again.	
Sep 21 2007 	Pleasant but not particularly good value	Location========Conveniently located a minute or twos walk from Green Park tube station, the hotel is situated in a nice area, which felt relatively safe when returning to the hotel late at night. A Marks and Spencers is located at the entrance/exit to the tube station and a Sainsburys is opposite to the hotel. Both of which are useful if breakfast is not included in the room rate, as it is about 20 pounds a person. Rooms=======Rooms are spacious, with large beds, a large table and armchairs which are ideal for reading the complimentary paper at in the morning, and mirrored sliderobes which increase the feeling of space in the room. Décor is tasteful dark wood with brown and creams and climate control in the rooms is effective. The bathroom consisted of a walk in shower, double sink and a bath with a tv. Toiletries are Gilchrist and Soames, and as mentioned by other reviewers, are full sized bottles which are attached to the wall. These consist of hair/body wash and conditioner in the shower area, hand wash and body lotion at the sink and another hair/body wash at the bath. This was not an issue for me and actually felt enviromentally responsible, as oppossed to the large number of little bottles normally provided by hotels during extended stays.Food=====I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant during my stay and, as breakfast was not included in my rate, I didn't eat breakfast there as I felt 20 pounds was ridiculous when all I wanted was a bowl of cereal or some toast.Staff=====Reception staff where pleasant, however, when I checked into my room on the first evening, I found that the mini bar contained half empty bottles of juice left behind by the last resident. I mentioned this to reception at around 8pm, to ask that is was cleaned out and to ensure that their weren't going to be any charges to my bill for items used by others, and was told that this would be done in the morning when the room was serviced. Not something worth making a fuss about, but it would have been appreciated if someone had done it that evening, especially as I discovered the next morning that the tea/coffee facilities hadn't been replenished either and there was no coffee. In the end, the mini bar was never emptied of the last occupants drinks and I gave up chasing reception over it. However, with the exception of the mini bar, the room was well cleaned.Value for money==============While the hotel was nicely designed and furnished, with good sized rooms I felt that for 185 a night, with breakfast not included, some things were missing. For example, where a dressing gown was provided, there were no complimentary slippers and bottled water was not provided in the room. I stayed here on a business trip, and if the company was paying I would return, however, there are hotels that are just as nice, with better service available for less in London.	
Sep 18 2007 	Not Bad	We stayed here for three nights and I wouldn't mind staying there again, but there were a few issues. On the plus side, our room was huge and nicely appointed. The location was good - one block from the Green Park tube station. The drawbacks included the rather complicated but entirely unreliable television/message system. The TV would either switch to the main menu or just shut off in the middle of programs and had to be turned on again and again. Very frustrating. The hotel has complementary wireless internet, but it's very spotty and equally unreliable. The check-in staff was very courteous (let us check in early without a word of protest) but the concierge desk seemed uncomfortable dealing with requests.	
Sep 15 2007 	Not a five star experience	I decided to take short five day trip to London and after pondering for a while which hotel to choose I though that at least this should be a great hotel although little bit expensive. That was a mistake. It's posh and on great location but that's all.Ordinary rooms don't have anything special to offer. First floor corridor is made of marble and it reflects all the noise back to your room. Bang &amp; Olufsen TV set has good sound system. Bathtube is small and spilled over water run under the door to another room as there is no sewer outside of bath. Financial Times or Daily Telegraph gets delivered to door.Concierge service works well. Housekeeping does good job and it works in the evenings too. Business center has five internet connected computers, printers and xerox.At first I got wrong room and room service did deliver as they decided that I didn't exists in this hotel. Well, this was sorted out after few phonecalls but this really shouldn't happen at hotels like this. Room service food was OK but of course expensive.Minor annoyances where also two false firealarms in middle of the two nights. I did give feedback on minor glitches but no compensation was offered.Perhaps a nice hotel for older people who are staying in for business but not for young people staying in for the fun.	
Sep 10 2007 	Disappointing	Overall, I was fairly disappointed with this hotel.Having read the reviews and looking at the website, I was expecting 5 star treatment from start to finish but was sorely disappointed.Our room was stylish but extremely small and I could not see what made this an exclusive hotel. We had issues with the mini bar as it would not open - after four calls to reception, someone finally came up and repaired it. We also requested sunday newspapers which never arrived.For the amount of money paid, we would not stay here again.It was an incrediby over rated hotel and I have stayed in better four stars.	
Sep 4 2007 	Lovely hotel in excellent location	Booked via [--] (one of their top secret hotel deals) but was easily able to identify hotel. Very pleased with room size and bathroom was fantastic. Not sure what we got extra by upgrading to the Executive King Size but very happy overall. Bar was a bit pricey but not much more than other London Bars, be sure to go to the Amba Bar rather than the busy Mayfair bar unless you like noise! Location was ideal, within 5-10 minutes walk of Piccadilly/Leicester Square but rooms very peaceful as it is set back from main road.	
Sep 4 2007 	Dodgy Admin but Great Hotel	I reckon this hotel is great value for money considering London prices and the excellent location. The staff were friendly and helpful and when our bathroom ceiling leaked as a result of the occupant above leaving their taps on we were upgraded immediately and given a complimentary bottle of half decent wine. However, we discovered that our new room was already occupied when a disgruntled barman insisted that it was not our room when we tried to a sign a 48 pounds bar bill against it. In order to make amends, the duty manager wiped the bar bill and invited me and my partner to a complimentary breakfast which at a paying price of 22 pounds a head, is not bad. All in all, I've found that most British hotels are prone to administrative cock-ups however the professionalism of the staff at the May Fair more than make up for this. Other points of note are great contempary design and lively but obviously expensive cocktail bar. Finally, I agree with all the other points regarding the fixed soap dispensers in the bathroom - they are a a pain and do not fit the hotel image	
Aug 28 2007 	Fab time at the May Fair	What a fab hotel. I stayed at the May Fair with my husband for our anniversary and wouldn't hesitate to re-visit. The location is superb - exit Green Park tube and you are in Stratton Street. 2 minutes and you are greeted at the door by the smartest guys in bowlers. The reception is very chic, all marble and the staff so helpful and welcoming. We arrived at midday expecting to leave our cases and go about our day but we were given a room straight away. My husband loved the Bang &amp; Oluffsen TV. The bed was so huge we had trouble finding each other. The bathroom was great and had a shower and bath. Breakfast is buffet style with waiter service for the hot breakfast and plenty of choice. I did find the bar quite expensive and it's fairly small. Watch for the 12.5% gratuity added automatically. Just a few mins walk away is the Ritz and the Hard Rock Cafe. This was the perfect luxury break.	
Aug 20 2007 	lovely hotel	I stayed here with my wife for a nights stay while in London to watch a show. Staff were very friendly, rooms were ultra chic, with bang and olufsen tv on the wall.. double shower, no bath, room was ready at 11.30 which was nice, 10 min stroll to Regents St and Picadilly, Green park is just around the corner along with Buck Palace. Got back into the hotel bar about 11 at night, again swish cocktails, if you are worried about spending money, don't go in here, in fact don't go to any pub in London, as they are all expensive, not just the hotels.We enjoyed trying the different cocktails, all served with a smile, breakfast again was a nice experience, try and book the hotel with breakfast included, had a fry up, very nice, but you could have had cerals etc, all in all a great place to stay in the trendy part of Mayfair, £10 cab fare from Waterloo...	
Aug 19 2007 	Good stay at the May Fair	Have just returned from a four night stay at the May Fair Hotel. Arrived at 6pm to be told that the hotel had been full the previous evening and housekeeping were still preparing our room! When I pointed out that guaranteed check-in was 3pm, and that we had been travelling all day, a room suddenly materialised - and we could not have asked for a better one. Spacious, immaculate with good sized bathroom, top end of the range fitments (Grohe, Bang &amp; Olufsen), bowl of fruit and water in the room on arrival. Breakfast was delicious with waiter service. Avoid the May Fair Bar unless you are young, trendy and rich(!) - the music is very loud, and the drinks expensive. 12.5% service charge automatically added to your bill. Mini bar in hotel room well stocked but very pricey. Staff very friendly and helpful, especially concierge. Would recommend this hotel, but book through Superbreak to ensure you get a good rate.	
Aug 18 2007 	NIce if you don't mind not feeling like you're in London	Booked 2 rooms for a 4 night stay in London using United Airlines miles, so our rooms were free. (there aren't many ways to use United miles for hotels any more!). United has a deal with Radisson, which owns several properties in London under the Edwardian name. Check the United website.Rooms were large and across the hall from each other. We had upgraded one room, but after seeing the size of the regular room, we needn't have upgraded. As per many reviews, the rooms are large. For my taste the hotel and the rooms are a bit austere. It felt like we could have been in any city in the world. In retrospect, I would have preferred to feel more like I was in London.The same goes for the neighborhood. It was quiet, but that was because it was a street of businesses, so not any local character.We were on the 2nd floor, which is what I would have expected since the rooms were paid with the coupons, and because we wanted 2 rooms close to each other. I was afraid of the street noise, but even with a room facing the front entrance, it was not a problem. The street is quiet. Eating in the neighborhood with my teenagers was no problem for breakfast. 2 Starbucks, and a few quick and easy sandwich places. And the market across the street was convenient. Hard Rock Cafe only a 5 minute walk.The Green Park tube is 2 blocks away, very convenient to get anywhere: only one stop to Westminster for Parliament, London Eye, etc.Julien of the concierge staff was able to get us tickets for all events, he was quite helpful.All in all a good hotel, but on my next trip I'd look for a hotel near Covent Garden and Leicester Square for more otf a &quot;London feel&quot;.	
Aug 10 2007 	Wonderful stay	Booked 3 nights through Superbreaks for a theatre weekend break.The hotel is 2 minutes from Green Park tube station and Piccadilly Circus and Leicester Square is only a short stroll away - ideally located for theatres and night life.On arriving check in was quick then we were personally showed to our room which was large and airy.The rooms were lovely - mini bar a bit pricey! Although we did have room service for afternoon tea and champagne!Can't fault anything with the hotel.All staff very polite and helpful.The breakfasts are lovely! This was the only meal we had there but totally recommend them!I always say I'd never go back to the same hotel twice as it's always nice to experience others; but in this case I'll change my rules slightly and will definitely be staying there again.	
Jul 29 2007 	Superb Short Stay	We booked a two night break at the May Fair on a Superbreak deal. Arrived at the Hotel at 11.30 a.m. and the room was ready. Thats a first.This set the trend for the next couple of days. Room was excellent with good quality furnishings and yes very large by any standard let alone London. Couldnt fault the staff always very helpful and polite. Breakfast was very good and again staff were faultless.We are regular visitors to London and have stayed in a considerable number of other Hotels in the area. The May Fair has come out on top of them all and will be looking to stay there the next time we visit.	
Jul 28 2007	The Mayfair is fantastic	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and it was the last word in luxury. We paid a bit extra for a luxury king and it was well worth it. The room was simply wonderful and we even had a television at the end of the bath! The staff were so helpful and made the break very memorable indeed. The breakfast was to die for and my fiancee had steak which he is still dreaming about! The fresh fruit was top quality with strawberries, rasberries,mango and the list goes on and on. The decor was amazing and to walk around the hotel was like walking around an art gallery. Stay there its a fantastic experience.	
Jul 26 2007 	Loved The May Fair	Booked a two night Theatre break for my wifes birthday present and stayed at this hotel.The booking was made with Superbreak.This is a wonderful Hotel -we did not spend a lot of time there but certainly wished we had.The room was spacious and well equiped as was the bathroom.The Hotel has recently undergone a £70 million refurbishment.No expense appears to have been spared -the quality of the furniture and fittings was impressive.Check in and checkout went smoothly,the staff were helpful and attentive.As part of the deal there was a chilled bottle of Champagne in our room on arrival-marvellous.	
Jul 24 2007 	Only OK	This hotel is in a great location off Park Lane and is on Stratton Street which means it's a lot quieter than being on Park Lane! The reception area is very nice and the staff were extremely helpful on check-in, when we arrived in our room (having paid more for a Deluxe) it was very large, with great wardrobe, massive bathroom and a B&amp;O TV system. The room was very comfortable and well worth paying for the larger room.However, after a day's shopping we went into the bar for a drink after 15 minutes of no acknowledgement by the waiter/waitress we went to Sainsbury's opposite and bought a drink to take up to our room. On our way out however, the concierge was very helpful in recomming a good bar to go to before our meal.The other downside is the sound insulation in the room, at 2AM a party of people decided to drunkenly return to their room and proceeded to wake us up.Also, unless you're prepared to pay £15 per person to use the sauna etc. don't bother taking your swimming trunks!All in all a pleasant stay with good staff, but it's not somewhere that I'd return in a hurry - there's too many other good hotels for this kind of price in London.	
Jul 10 2007 	Great location and comfort	We stayed for one night at the Mayfair hotel having secured a good rate on Lastminute.com. The Hotel would not match the price which was £100 cheaper than their own advertised rate.On arrival check in was easy and efficient. We had requested a quiet non-smoking room and were not disappointed. Our room was on the 7th floor and overlooked some rooftops but it was away from the road and there was no noise. The room was huge by London standards, spotlessly clean and very, very comfortable - the bed was to die for! There was also a huge bathroom with double basins and a shower over the bath. Toiletries are in large bottles but plentiful, it just menas you can't pinch them when you leave! In the room was a complimentary tray with a bottle of water, a small box of chocolates and some apples. There was also a movement sensitive mini bar although the cost is very high - it's cheaper to go to the Sainsburys just across the road!We had a drink in the bar, which is very expensive but the location means you are within walking distance of some cheaper establishments. We walked to Harrods and also to Leicester Square easily from the hotel.We will definitely stay at the Mayfair again but will look for a deal rather than booking direct.	
Jul 7 2007 	Classy establishment	My fiance and I have stayed at this hotel about 5 times in the past 12 months, thanks to the fabulous rates you can find on lastminute.com (check out the top secret hotels rates and work out which one is the Mayfair!!) We have always paid between £125-£145 for a night's stay in a contemporary deluxe room (one higher than the standard) and have never been disappointed.The hotel is located about 3 minutes walk from Green Park station and is about 10 minutes brisk walk from Oxford Street. There is a Sainsbury's metro just opposite if you want to buy any provisions and also a Starbucks round the corner if you don't fancy paying through the nose for the hotel breakfast.We have always found the reception staff very friendly and they have escorted us to our room on more than one occasion, which I thought was a nice touch.The deluxe rooms are fantastic. A colour scheme of beiges and browns looks far nicer than it sounds. The bed is to die for! The rooms are very spacious and they are not cluttered with lots of furniture - if you don't like your rooms a little minimalistic and contemporary, you probably won't like this place but it suits my taste perfectly.The bathrooms are absolutely huge with double sinks, bathtub and separate walk-in shower. On two occasions we have been lucky enough to have a TV in the bathroom, so you can soak in the tub and watch TV at the same time!One thing to note, if you have a room facing Berkeley Street, it might get a bit noisy. Our last room faced on to Berkeley Street and was opposite the club Funky Buddha and also looked into the second floor of Nobu Berkeley - but we actually enjoyed being nosey!!If I was being rather picky, the swish Bang and Olufson TV in the room just looks tiny in comparison to the size of the room - but that is all down to the room being much larger than what I would usually expect in London!We never used the Mayfair Bar but it was always heaving with people on a Saturday night.We will be back again soon!	
Jul 2 2007	satisfactory	This is a nice hotel, no question, but it is certainly not the 5 star hotel that the website would have you believe. I paid 500 pounds for 2 nights accom, without breakfast, and I felt I just about got value for money. Good location and adequate faciities, but don't expect to be blown away by it.	
Jun 25 2007 	A Birthday To Remember	My wife and I stayed at The Radisson May Fair for the weekend of my 40th birthday. We had travelled to London for some retail therapy and to see a show on the Saturday evening. We had originally booked to stay at a sister hotel elsewhere in the West End but on arrival were informed that the hotel had overbooked and we were to be moved. Awkward silences and anxious glances all round - we had been looking forward to this weekend for ages and had even phoned this hotel the day before to make sure everything was in order.We need not of worried though, as we were whisked in a blacked out Mercedes across the West End to The May Fair in Stratton Street. We were hugely impressed with everything - check in was handled efficiently by professional staff and our room was spot on - modern and tastefully decorated complete with Bang &amp; Olufson tv and very comfortable bed. The bathroom was outstanding - all black and grey marble and complete with a dressing area. Our room was on the 5th floor and was very quiet and peaceful.We returned to the hotel on the Saturday evening after our show (the hotel is situated just 200 yds from Green Park tube) and spent an hour in the bar. The bar had a a DJ and was thronging with people - many non-residents I would suggest. This was a good thing as so many hotel bars are often dead soulless places. Be warned though - prices are stratospheric. This really should not have surprised me as I watched countless Bentley Continentals, Rollers, Mercs and Maybachs dropping off the wealthy patrons of Nobu and other such night spots in the vicinity.Breakfast next morning was delicious and was served by friendly staff in a richly appointed restaurant. The atmosphere was very relaxed and made the whole experience a pleasure. Would we come back? You bet - we were really lucky to be moved here and would have no hesitation in returning. My wife thought it was fabulous - that's good enough for me!	
Jun 21 2007	Loved the May Fair	The hotel was very nice indeed, room large with nice seating area &amp; very quiet. The decor is lovely, chic &amp; modern. The location is unbeatable with its short walk from Green Park Underground station. Lots of lovely shops very close by. The bar was also nice &amp; busy on the weekend we were there, it looks straight across to Nobu! Would definately stay there again.	
Jun 18 2007	Mixed feelings	Check in professional, staff welcoming. Room was spacious enough as I was on my own but technology baffled me somewhat. Hotel guide far from adequate. Low bed corners ideally lined up to bruise your legs, however in bed, excellent sleep. One chair, most uncomfortable. Very quiet room (sixth floor, end of corridor). Finding your way is difficult, poorly signed. Room service good. Bathroom OK but hated soap and shampoo in dispensers. Try getting soap out of one if plunger is non-operative! Seats in bar awful, again bruise your legs on tables. Automatic charging mini-bars not for me. Windows non-opening. In all, just fine for a single night. However, price reasonable for location. Not really chic, rather dreary.	
Jun 17 2007	Medium Hotel - Glad I got a Cheap Deal	This Hotel, is very very nice. Do not get me wrong, although you might think otherwise, if you read on.. This hotel is unrealistically overpriced. eg. - Double vodka and coke costs £16, which is twice Monaco prices, and beleive me this is no Monaco quality hotel. Also, £ 45 per day for valet parking, is complete extortion! I think someone should knock the price director of Radisson down to earth, as he is clearly off his &quot;class tree&quot;. Also, I have stayed in many, many 5* hotels in my life (on average 3 per week), and I have never, ever, ever experienced a hotel (not even a 2* hotel) that does't sell cigarettes! Shocking!!.If one of my concierge's/hotel staff didn't offer cigarettes (staff should cater for all customers, in a 5* hotel), I would dismiss them at the earliest opportunity..This hotel should be downgraded to a 4* at least! Ineptitude at it's best!Everything else is good..	
Jun 12 2007 	The new chic May Fair	All the reviews below are justified since I have stayed at this hotel in May 2006 during the refurbishment and experienced some of the inconveniences others talk of. However, even then, the staff was very friendly, so I gave the hotel another chance. Am I glad I did! The new May fair is a contemporary, chic property and combined with the excellent service and friendly staff, it is a GREAT experience. The Radisson flag is unfortunate. It deserves much better.The hotel is excellently located (just off Picadilly, a short walk to Regent or Bond Streets and to Leicester Square) round the corner from Hyde Park, has a very nice city spa, a top grade casino, a happening and extremely popular bar, a very good restaurant and more staff than you will need for a comfortable stay. Daniel, one of the concierges, got us impossible-to-obtain tickets for a hit West End show on a Saturday night. My family (wife and two children) and I spent 10 nights at the May Fair in May in their 'family' room, a rare commodity in London. The room had a Bang &amp; Olufsen television set, designer beds (still miss those beds--really comfortable!), two king beds, a walk-in wardrobe, designer toileteries, a four-fixture bathroom (with a plasma TV in the bathtub) and yet another three-fixture bathroom. Whoever heard of two bathrooms with one room and, that too, in London?Bonus: Free computer use, colour printing and internet in the business centre. After paying through my nose for these facilities elsewhere, I think this is a very nice touch.We loved the new May Fair and were sad to leave. This is one hotel we will keep going back to. I cannot recommend it strongly enough!	
May 23 2007 	OK	This hotel was good but not great. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and nicely kitted out, if a bit sparse. I'm a fan of the minimalist modern look but they took it to extremes, no mini bar (just a card saying phone if you want us to bring your choice, when I check in at 11pm the last thing I want is to wait for room service to bring me a glass of water!) , no kettle to make tea or coffee, no bottled water. Expensive drinks too, I'm well used to London prices but £4 for a fruit juice seemed very steep, that must be about a 1000% markup based on the price of a carton. Having said that, everything was very nice. Despite the lack of mini bar and kettle the room was comfortable, spacious and clean, the bed was almost better than my own, good tv, nice bathroom, great location and helpful staff.	
May 21 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed here for five nights and though a little pricey by U.S. standards we had a very nice stay. Our deluxe room was very spacious with a nice shower/tub combo with a tv. The staf was friendly and very helpful with getting restaurant reservations and theater tickets. We really enjoyed our time and would visit again.	
May 18 2007 	Not as good as expected	I stayed with my friend at the Mayfair on a Sunday night.On arrival, the ladies at the receptions made some efforts to smile.After check-in, the room was a bit small, but after changing twice, i got the king deluxe room which was brilliant and huge by any standards.The room has a very nice walk-in shower and a bath tub (deluxe room have both, standard rooms have either shower or bath).I think there's a big difference in room size, since i could compare the standard ones and the deluxe ones.They had a bang olufsen (sorry about the spelling) TV, which was a nice touch but it was just toooooo small.you need binoculars if you want to watch TV while lying down on your bed.I asked for a european adapter to plug my laptop at the reception, but they said there was one available for sale (5 pounds).I find it extremely rude of a hotel of such standards to sell plugs (in all other hotels, either they have plugs or they lend u one).Breakfast costs 19 pounds (30 euros),which is a rip-off bearing in mind they don't have freshly squeezed juices (no fresh orange juice, just bottle one) and the fruit selection is very small.It's half a la carte half buffet, but when i ordered freshly squeezed orange juice, they were surprised and said they didn't have it.The pastries are not that nice anyways (mark's and spencer ones are much better).There's sainsburry supermarket right in front of the hotel, and marks and spencer 2 minutes away (there's also an underground station, green park 2 min away).I wouldn't stay in this hotel again, especially after having paid 280 pounds a night.For that price,u could get a better thing.To sum up, take your plug with you, if u don't wanna pay 5 pounds, and avoid the expensive breakfast (starbucks around the corner for coffee and marks and spencer for pastries is a good option).The room is very nice, if you get the deluxe one. Enjoy.	
May 13 2007 	Fabulous weekend.	A contemporary, smart hotel. Check in excellent. Beautiful room - unfortunately, we had some very noisey neighbours and had a bad first night sleep. The hotel staff were excellent when we asked if we could be moved to another room. We were moved immediately with no questions asked. One recommendation, if you do book, request that you do not have an inter-connecting bedroom - we think this is why the neighbours seemed even louder. We had a wonderful weekend and would highly recommend this hotel. Food and drink is very expensive in the hotel. We didn't book breakfast at the hotel - there are several cafes serving breakfast at excellent value for money (around £4 for a full English).	
Apr 20 2007 	Nice Hotel in Great Location	I've stayed at the May Fair a couple of times before the renovation and now for the first time since it became Radisson Edwardian. While it has lost some of it's former charme, being very modern and stylish now, overall the renovations did it a lot of good.Rooms are very large for London standards and very comfortable. Good though, compared to Marriott or Starwood, disappointingly not overly comfortable beds, stylish but still warm room decor and all the standards you would expect from a 4 star hotel except for a decent desk to work at. I had a very large bathroom with seperate walk in shower but again just short of other hotels with only a regular shower head. Sounds picky, well from the styling and after just finishing a renovation I just would have expected more attention to the details.Nice bar in the lobby which itself looks really good with only the rather low ceiling to complain about - if one would want to get picky again. Service was excellent in every aspect.Overall a very good hotel in a great location right in the heart of Mayfair. Green Park tube is basically just around the corner and Piccadilly, Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Leicester Square are all within comfortable walking distance.	
Apr 15 2007 	Loved the hotel hated the noise	When we arrived at the Mayfair we were pleasantly surprised by how new and accommedating the staff were.The hotel has been totally renovated and it is not only convenient to just about everything but it is very clean and modern. The Mayfair secton was very pretty and safe.However, we were in 2 rooms that faced Stratton St and at night the grocery store across the street received its' deliveries 11p.m. -2a.m. Additionally, the nightclub in the area closed sometime around 3 a.m. the noise from the customers talking even screaming was unbelievable. Also, car alarms went off as people tried to locate their cars in the middle of the night.I would stay there again, however, only if our rooms don't face the street.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great Stay at the Mayfair	Just returned from the UK and my family and I loved the accommodations at this hotel! The location is perfect--with a grocery store, drug store, tube station, and major attractions just a few steps away. Previous posters mentioned their dislike with the bolted down soap/shampoo and out-of place hair dryer; this was not a bother whatsoever as--like most travelers--we brought our own toiletries and having the hair dryer situated in the walk-in closet allowed for two people to get dressed &amp; groomed at the same time. As an allergy sufferer, I appreciated the minimalist room decor as less furniture meant fewer dust mites. My teenagers enjoyed the internet access and, when management realized that maintenance did not immediately replace our blown lightbulb, a complementary bottle of chilled french champagne was sent to our room. The staff consistently went out of their way to make us feel welcomed, and my family and I look forward to staying at the Mayfair again during our next visit to London.	
Apr 2 2007 	Nice Hotel that could be Improved	I stayed at the May Fair (Radisson Edwardian May Fair on Stratton) with my 2 young kids and another relative for an entire week in a family room (2 double beds), while my husband, who was there on business, had a single room (double bed). So we were able to rate both types of rooms. We secured a slight discount through the hotel's website. We liked the place and would recommend it overall because of its terrific location (A block from the Green Park tube stop, across the street from Sainsbury, around the corner from Boots, with several inexpensive takeaway places like Pret a Manger nearby, and also close to Picadilly and other main attraction locales such as Buckingham Palace). But as we mention below, there were a couple of nuisances that could have been avoided and need to be corrected if this hotel hopes to maintain a good reputation among business and leisure travelers alike:This hotel is very nice in decor, ambience, and for the most part, its service. As others have reported, the furnishings are sleek and modern, but truly it's a case of form over function. I would have much preferred a basic sofa or comfortable armchair, over the impractical glass tables and other contemporary furnishings. There was nowhere in this spacious room to sit, other than on the beds or this space-agey chair that my kids decided was more fun to spin on. Bang and Olufsen flat panel tv was high end but too small for a large room, and we could barely make out the screen from the bed that was further across the room.The place was very clean in the public areas as well as in the rooms. But be aware that the bar off of the main reception area has lots of smokers, and that permeates the lobby sometimes, esp. in the evening. The hotel has security precautions-you need a room keycard to activate the elevator to go up.We stayed on a higher floor and it was quite nice. Very quiet. Housekeeping was very punctual, if not a little too eager. The hotel uses these maid light switches that you turn on from inside the room, and from the outside they can tell if you want the room made up or not. You can also switch on a do not disturb signal. Trouble is, I have to bet sometimes guests leave the room for the day, forgetting to turn off the DND switch, which depending on the room, is not necessarily located by the door. One morning, the maids, despite seeing the DND switch on, knocked, announced themselves, and then OPENED our door and came into our room, while everyone was fast asleep, shades drawn. They apologized, but I was a little annoyed--this was really inappropriate.Another poster already pointed out how odd it was that the hairdryer was bolted into a drawer in the closet., which is nowhere near the bathroom. There was no way I could dry my hair in the bathroom, and if I turned it on, it woke everyone else up in the room. Not well thought out. I think that if I am paying over $400 a night for a hotel, I can be trusted not to walk out with a $15 hair dryer. If it must be locked up, how about in the bathroom, where most people would use such an appliance?The toiletry arrangement was also nonconventional, with the shampoo and conditioner dispensers bolted to the bathroom wall instead of in small bottles that would be far more convenient to use. Our bathroom in the family room had a luxurious soaking tub with handheld shower (high end, Grohe) and a separate glass wall shower stall, also equipped with a handheld shower, in addition to the overhead shower head. If you were bathing in the tub and wished to use conditioner, you had to stand up, exit the tub, and climb over to the shower to use the conditioner pump. Not sure whose bright idea that was, but we found it unamusing. How about 2 little bottles of conditioner, at each bathing station, like even the cheapest motel would provide?Doormen were extremely polite and helpful, always at the ready to open doors and assist with cabs or other matters. This is not a place patronized by many children, though I saw quite a few families the week we were there. They really went out of their way to greet our kids and make them feel at home. I appreciated that.Concierge staff seemed available almost around the clock and was overall decent-some were better (more polite, more knowledgeable/resourceful) than others. I had one rather sniffy French staff member who served her purpose but was not exactly warm and fuzzy. In contrast, a few other concierge staff were very cordial, greeted us each day cheerily, and assisted with our various touring needs, helping us to find the most economical choice of transport back to Heathrow, and tending to our other questions about getting tickets to attractions.We requested early check in as our flight arrived by mid morning, but ended up having to wait until 2 pm. The receptionist was most apologetic about this, and the room was ready at 2 on the nose. We didn't mind at all.Front desk staff is inconsistent. They try hard, but many were trainees the week we stayed there--young people who did not speak a lot of English. They attempt to pull off this ultra chic, Euro look/polished appearance, but then some of these folks cannot articulately handle simple guest questions and were barely intelligible while giving the initial room tour and hotel introductory presentations.Room climate control was interesting. Our room was always way too hot and stifling, no matter what we did to the thermostat. My husband's room was perfect, however.Minibars in both rooms were fully stocked daily. We could not use them as refrigerators-I had not expected to, anyway We did not have ice buckets in the room, but Europeans do not use ice like we do, so I was not surprised or upset about this-that's a cultural difference.My husband ordered room service on a few mornings, and one day the food never came. He ate in the restaurant, and rated the service/food as average-nothing inspiring. If breakfast is not included in your price, consider eating around the corner at Katie's or La Strada, two very reasonably priced cafes that serve a wide range of breakfast and lunch plates. Fast service, and friendly. The same breakfast of 4 pounds would cost over 20 at the Mayfair. There is also a Starbucks around the corner, Marks and Spencer takeaway food place, and a few other options.Beds were ultra comfortable. I slept like a rock every night. I did not feel as if it were a hotel bed--sheets and duvets were high quality and quite cosy.The one drawback that I really felt was unforgivable was the poor wake up call system. Ok, it's bad enough there is no clock anywhere in the room (and no one seems to be able to figure out why that is-despite the super sleek fixtures elsewhere in the room). But then, we found the wake up call system was quite inconsistent. The first few days, the automated calls came as scheduled. But one day, it failed to work. Ok, I figured, glitch here and there-it happens. I warned the front desk that I had to get the call the next day as I was leaving to catch a flight and there wasn't any room for delay. They were very apologetic and assured me no problems would repeat. This was true. However, a few days later, my husband requested an early morning call in order to catch an 8 am flight back to the States. Lucky for him, even though the call NEVER CAME, he awakened on his own, albeit 15 minutes after he had planned to leave the hotel for LHR. This is really unacceptable. DO NOT depend on them to wake you up--that's the take home message here. Bring your own clock. Seriously.Loved the free internet/wifi. That's a great feature. Did not use the gym so can't report on that or the spa.	
Mar 23 2007	A gem in the jewel of Mayfair London	Having visited London 26 times before I consider myself pretty knowledgable about the deluxe hotels there. I stayed at the May Fair for a quick weekend getaway to London and stayed Friday and Saturday nights.The location is fabulous. Smack in the middle of May Fair and literally around the corner (on Stratton Street) from the Green Park Underground (Victoria, Picadilly and Jubillee lines). The nice thing is that Statton is a side street and dead quiet. There is a Tesco Metro across the street for sodas, sandwiches and snacks.The hotel has recently been redone with modern touches and decor in both the rooms and the lobby and the lounge (which was hopping on a Friday night) and the restaurant. The rooms are large by any standard and huge by London standards. Bathrooms have a separate WC and the main bathroom has a separate (again huge shower area and a bathtub in the middle of the bathroom. The beds were extremely comfortable as were the very fluffy pillow.The staff including the concierge and front desk were all great. I had the 3 course dinner but got too tired to have my dessert. I asked if it could be sent to my room and a few minutes after getting there the dessert arrived. The food was amazing, especially the seared ahi tuna appetizer. Another deluxe touch is the complimentary show shine. I gave them my boots before dinner and they were back in my room on my return.I would highly recommend this hotel. Everything is deluxe. I did hear from some staff that some very famous people stay there. While I'm not famous I was happy to hear I have the same taste as the famous folks....	
Mar 20 2007 	Wonderfull hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights on a trip to London (Mothers day gift for myself and my mother). Booked this as a Top Secret hotel on last minute website. We arrived at the hotel before the 2pm check in time but were shown to our room immediately. The room was huge, (deluxe twin) with the most comfortable beds and an amazing bathroom with a tv in the bath. Hotel staff were great - they called an hour after we had checked in to check everything was OK and were duly attentive throughout our stay.Hotel location is fab, 5 minutes from Green Park, walking distance from Picadilly circus and China Town, 3 minues from green park tube. All in all a great stay and I would use this hotel again.	
Mar 19 2007 	Excellent base	Stayed for one night. One of the best business hotels I have used. Check in faultless, rooms spacious and very clean. Had room overlooking internal courtyard so not much view but lovely and quiet. Would be a first choice for a weekend break. 2 mins from Green Park tube. Lots of restuarants locally and a couple of good bars.	
Mar 16 2007 	Heaven!	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. My husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and stayed one night. Upon arrival the receptionist asked if it was a special occasion and then promptly upgraded us to a suite and sent us up a complementary bottle of wine. How lovely! They even called us later that night to see if we were happy with our room. I would go back here in a heart beat.	
Mar 12 2007 	Good location nice rooms no major issues: Good value	Having finally given up on the De Vere Cavendish (see my other review), I moved to this hotel. There were a few relatively minor things that were not ideal, but all in all it was a perfectly comfortable and pleasant stay at a good price.Highlights:- Breakfast: quick and friendly service. Nicely decorated, cosy room. Lots of choice and lots of fresh fruit- Room size: OK I got upgraded (which I hear happens a lot) but it was huge by London standards.- Mini bar: Some people have listed this as a low-point, but I think it's great.. plenty of room for the stuff I buy from the supermarket across the road and I can still have it stocked to my specifications if I want.Minor irritants:- No clock in the room (actually very annoying)- Gym: is quite well equipped but it is TINY and dark. Unless you are totally alone, it's a bit cramped - esp. early in the morning. - Room service menu/Info: The food I got was good, but I had to call reception (5 times before I got through) to find it as the Room Service tab in the info folder was empty. Seems it should have been removed as the menu had been moved to a small booklet above that mini-bar. The info in the room in general wasn't easy to navigate and I just called reception to find out simple things like where the breakfast room is.- The rooms are quite dark; fine if you just want to rest I suppose.The views of the air ducts aren't pretty, but what do you expect in the heart of London. I know some rooms are noisy, but mine was fine.- The haridryer is fixed in a drawer in the wardrobe which is quite awkward.- Towels: I don't need my towels changed every day but to indicate this I have to hang them all up on the small towel rail above the toilet. The rail was a bit too high for me anyway and as they were still damp I wanted to hang them out elsewhere to air. I prefer the usual method of putting towels you want replaced in the bath tub - easier for me and makes no difference to the staff I would assume.I'll be staying here quite regularly now (assuming I remain happy) so if my overall opinion changes over time I will post an update, as I did with the De Vere Cavendish.I left these comments on the feedback form in the room and received an email acknowledging them 1 week later. OK it was a fairly generic email, but I have left feedback in other places before and often hear nothing or else get a letter posted to me many weeks/months later. Unnecessary snail-mail is a pet hate of mine so I appreciated both a quick answer and an electronic answer.	
Mar 12 2007 	Great Stay	I feel like I must have stayed at a different hotel than the one others have complained about. My stay at The May Fair with my wife and teenage daughter couldn't have been better. Our room, Number 305 was very large with two double beds and a modern all black marble bathroom. For all I heard about small hotel rooms in London, we couldn't have been more happy with our room. And since we were far from the elevator, we didn't hear any noise from the hallways. The concierge, Daniel was very helpful with sight seeing tips and restaurant recommendations every night. The gym was nicely appointed with modern equipment and the lobby bar was jumping every night when we returned from dinner.The location is excellent no matter where you need to go...tube stop at the corner as well as busses on Piccadilly. There is a small alley behind the hotel (Landsdowne St) that had a great cafe called Katies where you could get a quick resonably priced breakfast or lunch. The Sainsbury market is also across the street which was great for snacks.The next time I'm in London I'll be sure to return to the May Fair.	
Mar 7 2007 	Nice building terrible staff	Great location, nice building absolutely terrible staff.Had a large room which was OK but it did seem odd having the wardrobe in the bathroom. The room was a classic case of design over function - it all looked nice but was impractical a on a number of levels. The B&amp;O TV looked great but was way too small for the room (better to get a cheaper brand that actually does the job). Best feature of the room was the empty mini-bar. The hotel's explanation for this was that you could order whatever you required from room service: in reality it meant that you could stock the mini-bar from the cheap supermarket across the road.Check-in was awful. Arrived at 4pm and still had to wait for 2 hours before we got our room (but they did offer us a free cup of coffee for our wait! Gee thanks). The staff in the restaurants &amp; bars seemed like they had never worked in the industry before &amp; were beyond incompetent &amp; even rude on occasion.The Radisson in Covent Garden is much, much better.	
Mar 6 2007 	great business hotel	First time at this hotel. Requested early check-in and when I arrived at 11AM after an overnight flight the room was ready! Greeting and luggage handling were friendly and efficient. Sleek, modern room, adequate size. Free internet wireless with a strong signal was perfect for my laptop--this may be the best wi-fi location in London! Bathroom clean, modern, no separate shower but good water pressure. Phone is the most complicated I've seen in a hotel--really could have used a manual--but hotel operator was helpful in sorting it out. Main drawback is noise level; my room faced Berkeley St. so there was traffic noise (bring your iPod to get to sleep). Lobby, with low ceiling and no carpet, is unbelievably noisy, as is the May Fair Bar. Small fitness center, but above-average for London. Wonderful spa with excellent, but expensive, massage therapist. Late check-out available for their business rooms. Concierge OK but tries hard to steer you to his favorites rather than listening to what you want. 3 night stay. Wireless internet plus location will bring me back.	
Feb 28 2007 	Good value for money	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for two days in Jan 2007. We got a good deal from our travel agent, so paid just over GBP 150/ night with full English breakfast included. The rooms were modern, well appointed, and the bathroom was marvelous. Although the hotel was quite full, and you could see that the staff were very busy, there were very professional and polite (even managed to get us a room when we arrived at 8 am !!!).Overall - definitively value for money in an excellent location.	
Feb 26 2007 	Overall we liked it	We stayed for 5 nights in February 2007. Living in Asia, we are used to excellent hotels at a reasonable value. London hotels are horribly expensive in absolute terms but even worse on a value-for-money basis. We looked in vain for decent quality and space in Central London under GBP200, but in the end decided to pay a bit more and booked a De Luxe Room with King size bed (not much change from GBP250). On arrival we were upgraded to a Junior Suite, which appears to be exactly the same but with a bit more space. We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room, which was comfortable and smart (even if the new decor was a little too brown for our taste). The bathroom size was also very good - I've seen bedrooms that big in some London hotels. Our first room overlooked an internal courtyard and was quiet. We moved at our request (for reasons unrelated to the room) for one night to a Family Room (2 double beds and 2 bathrooms) - also, a good size: somewhat noisier as it overlooked the street but not excessively so (although a weekend).The other attraction for us was in-room WiFi free of charge (unsecured - a secure broadband cable is available for 10 pounds). After some teething problems in connecting, it worked fine. It baffles me why other London chains don't offer the same service. We did not eat at the hotel. We breakfasted at the Wolseley cafe around the corner - grand style, &quot;beautiful people&quot; but mediocre food - and at an old favourite, Richoux (similar food, rather better cooked). The room service coffees we had at the hotel came fast.Service at reception/concierge was pleasant and efficient. The decor following the refurbishment is smart and modern. The location (just off Piccadilly) is excellent for shopping/shows/sights in Central London.Overall we were pleasantly surprised, particularly by the room size (we did not see the standard room which from the photos appears to be smaller). I still think 250 pounds is too much for what I would classify as a 4 to 4 1/2 star hotel by global standards (that price would buy you a fantastic 5 or 6 star hotel on a beautiful beach in many parts of East Asia) but by comparison with other London hotels in the same bracket I would say it was reasonable value.	
Feb 23 2007 	Fabulous romantic stay in luxurious surroundings	Couldn't disagree more with the previous review, myself and my girlfriend loved the Mayfair. From the moment we walked through the door into the sumptuous lobby we knew it was going to be something special, and it didn't dissappoint. The money has seemingly been well spent, the hotel feels and even smells very fresh and modern. Staff were extremely helpful, fixing a broken lamp in our room very quickly, giving out newsletters every day promoting events in the area and checking that everything was fine with our stay on a daily basis. The room was lovely and spacious, the bed is amazingly comfortable, and the bathroom very chic and user friendly. I requested a quiet room and that was exactly what we got, with no noise whatsoever. Full breakfast was included in the price I had already paid, which was probably a good thing as I thought £20 was a bit on the steep side, but the food was of top quality as was the service from restaurant staff.This is a fantastic hotel from which to explore London from, only a two minute walk from Green Park station, and right in the middle of all the main tourist attractions. It was a brilliant Valentine's break and the price was very favourable as well, having found a special offer on the Superbreak website. I would thoroughly recommend it and would return again without hesitation.	
Feb 12 2007 	Excellent	We stayed for one night at the May Fair having read the reviews on Trip Adviser we had mixed expectations, however it was great, the reception staff were happy and helpful we arrived at midday and our room was ready.We booked a King Standard which was a nice size, the bathroom had a walk in shower and separate bath and was very well equipped. The bedroom was very comfortable, everything worked perfectly and the bed was very very comfortable.We thought that the bar was not going to be open late but we we came back from our night out after 12 and they were still serving so one last cocktail before going to bed.The location was brilliant and we will definately be going back.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great hotel bad service	I've just come back from the Mayfair hotel.I have to say, the location is great, the bedroom was really lovely, the bed itself very comfortable, large bathroom with a bath and a walk-in shower.On the other hand, I asked for a newspaper in the morning, i never got it. The mini-bar was empty. Not a single channel on the TV was correct (for example, BBC1 was on the 8th). From the bedroom, you can hear everything in the corridor.Also, when I checked-in, the lady wasn't particularly nice, not even a smile.Overall, the hotel is lovely but some little things that could make it a nice 5 stars are missing, it's a shame...	
Jan 30 2007	Decent Business Hotel in London	I have stayed at this hotel several times between October 2006 and January 2007. I have found it to be very good for business travelers. Rooms are comfortable, rates are quite reasonable, free internet is a rarity in London (Note, it appears that only Radissons provide free internet in London). Room service is quick and all other services I have used (Concierge, business center, etc) have been helpful. This hotel is definitely the best one at a reasonable rate in this area in London -- I frequently need to use the Jubilee or Picadilly lines on the underground and the hotel is within the same block as the Green Park tube station. Fitness center is adequate, actually better than some in London, but not great compared to US. It has 2 elipticals, 4 treadmills, a few cybex machines, a cross cable machine, and a set of dumbells. Right around the corner on Berkely Square is a Fitness First that you can pay to go to - it is a small health club in the basement of an office building but it does have real weights and more cario equipment.I have only eaten at the restaurant for breakfast but it was fine then.	
Jan 30 2007	not 5 starred neither luxury	i booked this hotel in particular for the very convenient location.advertised as 5 starred we must clear 5 starred level is never achieved during my stay.located in an old building the rooms do varie in size there are superior and deluxe rooms; i did book a deluxe room what was rather dark . The bathroom is design but lacks finesse. soap, gel and shampoo are in dispensers fixed on the walls. it is clear this company mostly does manage 3 and 4 starred hotels. the hairdryer was fixed in the closet.in the room there is a flat screen televison but no dvd , nothing special in the room at all something one could say : that's nice.the bar downstairs was very noisy that evening frequened by some youngsters drinking beer out of bottles surrounede by other noises. no finess in serving the drinks.breakfast was just fair however hor dishes were freshly prepaired.however adverstised as 5 starred this hotel isn't!!only the level of a superior tourist class place is achieved .	
Jan 14 2007 	What's with the negativity?	I'm not really sure why everybody is so negative about this hotel.We stayed there for three nights in mid-December on what was a cheap relaunch rate booked through the hotel website (115GBP + VAT).When we arrived we were met by a doorman and our luggage taken. Our room wasn't ready, so we went out for an hour or so and came back. The room we were given was fine - a reasonable sized bathroom, huge bed and a table/chairs setting. Nicely decorated and well maintained. Not the biggest hotel room I've ever stayed in, but this is London after all. The room did face onto the internal courtyard, which featured the airconditioners as described by others, but I didn't find this a problem. In fact, I specifically requested a quiet non-street side room based on the reviews here.The staff were at all times incredibly polite and not at all condescending (I'm 22, so occasionally I get treated like I don't belong at expensive hotels). The concierge sent two multi-page international faxes for me free of charge and was very efficient, sending confirmations back to the room within an hour. I ordered room service at about midnight and not only did it arrive in 15 minutes, it was delicious, piping hot and reasonably affordable (which is unusual for room service).The business centre is excellent, with free 24 hour computers and photocopiers - including colour laser printers. There is also free wifi, which we had no trouble using. We didn't have any problems with fire alarms, but there is still work being done on areas of the hotels - some (hidden) big empty concrete spaces that look like they're still being fitted out. Presumably that is the cause of the alarms.The only problem I had is that the doors of the room seem quite thin and you can hear people walking past - not so good when you want to sleep in. I think some of this noise was caused by builders.As other people have said, the location couldn't be better - across the road from The Ritz and beside Green Park tube station. There's a Sainsburys Central across the road, which is good if you need a snack.All in all, I thought it was great. Maybe you might expect more if you were paying a normal rate - but London is well known for having expensive, bad hotels, so as far as I was concerned, The May Fair was superb.	
Jan 12 2007 	Mixed Emotions About May Fair	London is ridiculously expensive, but our research suggested the May Fair may be a reasonable option for our stay in London. The location is quite good, the recent renovation sounded appealing and the price for what is suppose to be a 4 star hotel lured us in. Note to self; if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Using London as our hub while travelling throughout Europe, we spent a total of about a week at the May Fair. Upon our arrival for the first night, the doorman immediately opened the taxi door, greeted us with a smile and took our luggage from the car into the reception area. I was impressed. The lobby was attractive and the person assisting us at the front desk was quite helpful and agreed to show us several rooms. We settled on an attractive room that had a large bath, with separate walk-in shower, clad in black granite, a television built into the bathroom wall and complimentary wifi. I was pleased with our choice and thought the hotel would be a fine place to call home. We checked out early the next morning to continue on to our next destination, but booked a room for our return visit with the same gentleman who assisted the previous day. Because of our multiple night stay, he told us he would reserve an upgraded room for our return visit. Excellent, so I thought. Upon our return, there was no one at the front door to assist us with our bags and the gentleman at the reception desk was less than charming. We explained to him that we were given an upgrade, but he resisted and told us there was no such claim indicated in the computer. He gave us every reason as to why he couldn't give us an upgrade, so I asked to speak with the manager. He informed me that he was the manager. We went back and forth, and he became slightly confrontational with my wife, so I basically told him I would be happy to go elsewhere for the duration of our stay in London if he wasn't going to honour the upgrade. He opted to give us an upgraded room, but I didn't appreciate the aggravation. Furthermore, we later found that the television in the room didn't work, the wifi didn't work and there was a food odor coming from the bathroom vent. We checked out the next morning to continue on to our next destination, but not before speaking with the morning manager about our problems. We were assured that we would be given a comfortable room for our return visit. Fair enough. We returned about a week later and were shown to our room. It was clearly an upgraded room, with a huge bathroom with dressing area, and they left us a bottle of wine. A very nice gesture. Moreover, no more than five minutes after arriving in our room, the phone rang; they wanted to make sure we were satisfied with the room. A nice touch. Everything appeared to be hunky-dorey. However, the next morning, at about 6:00, we were awakened by the fire alarm blaring in our room. We called downstairs and were told they would check on the situation and call us back. The alarm finally stopped blaring and they called back telling us there was a malfunction with the alarm system. What a way to start the day! I marched off to the shower to get a fresh start, but I found myself standing in about three inches of water; the shower drain was clogged and the water was not draining. I wasn't too happy. I finished cleaning up in the tub, which was no easy task as I had to climb up and around slippery surfaces due to the water from the shower overflowing onto the black granite bathroom floor. We alerted the hotel about the drain and were told it would be taken care of. Fine, things happen, so I carried on with my day. That evening, I confirmed that the shower drain had been taken care of and I was told that it had been. No worries. The next morning, at about 6:00, the fire alarm in the room awakens us again. This is getting to be irritating. A call downstairs indicates there is nothing to worry about, it's simply a malfunction. Great, I love being awakened by the sound of an excruciatingly loud fire alarm two days in a row. I march off to the shower, turn on the water and find myself standing in a pool of water again. The drain apparently was never fixed. We got dressed and went to speak with the manager. He was very cordial and offered various forms of compensation for our troubles, but this experience definitely put a bad taste in my mouth. Also, the wifi in the room didn't work and housekeeping left behind dirty drinking glasses and neglected to replenish the tissue. We were happy to leave the hotel, just as I suspect the hotel was happy to get rid of us. If they could straighten out these types of issues before they become problems, it wouldn't be a bad place to stay, but short of that, I would have reservations about staying there again.	
Jan 7 2007 	Dreadful stay at the Mayfair on Stratton	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in recently. Where do I begin? Upon check in, the front desk clerk (hereafter mentioned only as FDC), told us they were able to give us a corner room, as requested. Also, he asked if we would like a wake up call on our day of departure. Sure! 5am please. The problems started when the elevator doors opened to our assigned room, which was directly in front of us! Ok, lets give it a chance, we thought (despite there being 3 elevators, one a service elevator which makes a loud &quot;Ding-ding!&quot; when it arrives. The room was quite nice. It actually was not a &quot;corner&quot; room. Corner rooms are usually on the &quot;corners&quot; of the hotel, given a bit more space and extra windows. This room was simply the last room before the stairwells and did not have a room on one side...We noted some nice things, at first. Free internet cafe, which we were not told about until the day before check out. The mini-bar was empty, so we were able to use it for our own supplies. The TV was top notch with great sound. Halogen reading lights on both sides of the bed. Electric teapot and mugs for am tea. Two additional pillows I had requested were delivered promptly. After spending a bit freshening up, we were able to experience what being located across from the elevators would be like. There were many people in this short time just outside our door waiting for the (at times) quite slow elevators. Not only could you hear everyones conversations, I'm sure we also did not have much privacy in our room either. We went to the front desk to ask if we might be able to change rooms. There were 3 or 4 FDC's there at the time. They all acted totally put out, like I was asking them to part the Red Sea. After being asked &quot;why&quot; we wanted to be moved, we were taken up to a room on the 5th floor. This room was much smaller than the room we had already, and the view was of the air conditioning units on the roof tops below. Talk about customer non-service. This is a good way to keep people from changing rooms! The room also smelled of (cigarette) smoke. I asked the bell hop who was showing us the room if this was a smoking floor. He said it wasn't, and that the smoking floor was located on the 4th. I suggested that perhaps that since we were one floor above the &quot;smoking&quot; floor, maybe the smoke was drifting up from below. His response was that it couldn't possibly smell of smoke, as this was a non-smoking floor. Anyone who has stayed in a hotel one floor above the smoking floor know that it seeps in through the vents/air conditioning ducts/windows, etc. Anyway, we decided on the lesser of two evils and stayed in the first room, which is (I'm sure) what the FDC has designed anyway. The bell hop had mentioned that they had &quot;alot&quot; of empty rooms in the hotel at the time, so why we were shown this one is curious. Now, I will list the many problems we had at this seemingly beautiful hotel. The room was in pretty good condition, since it had been refurbished recently. Even though, there were some carpet stains and some (food) stains on the partial comforter decorating the bed. No clock in room. After returning to our room the first night, we found our room key did not work. We went to the FDC, to say our key did not work. No apology, they just reactivated it. Starting the first night, music from the lounge/bar below us could be heard in our room. As for the room itself...thermostat did not work/ it even appeared to have been worked on recently, (but not fixed) as the paint on the wall surrounding it was absent. You could not adjust the (non-existent) heat AT ALL. You could, however turn on the fans, which just blew out cold air.Great for June but not December. Gilchrist &amp; Soames (unscented) toiletries. BUT! Not individual bottles, but multi use pumper type attached to the wall. Weird. Hairdryer available, but it was permanently attached, not in the bathroom, but in the hallway closet! What sense does this make? Trouser press non-functional. The first morning after we checked in, the phone rang at 5am! I answered it to hear an automated wake up call/3days early! Went back to bed. 5minutes later, guess what?! Another automated wake up call. You have to wonder if the FDC were having fun at our expense. I called the FDC immediately and told him what happened. No apology. What a suprise. I told him that we did not need the wake up call until our date of departure. He said he would pass this information along. Right. The first day housekeeping serviced our room, they did not replenish the toilet tissue. Only one roll remained with a few sheets on it. The next morning, guess what?! Yep. Another 5am wake up call. Most people on vacation do not like to get up at this hour! Each evening we would return to our room after sight-seeing, our room key would not work. Not funny. One night with one particular female FDC person,we reported it was the 3rd night in a row our room key was not working. Without a word (of course not an apology) she took the keys, reactivated them, handed them back to us, then said &quot;well, they are now!&quot;. Unbelievable. The icing on the cake came the last night. My husband placed a 1-800 number from the room (big mistake) to our bank. Our debit card wasn't working so we need to clear this up so we could pay the hotel in the morning. Anyway, this phone call cost us, are you sitting down?, $300usd!!!! We only stumbled upon this charge when we were checking our bill on the TV. There was a charge for 153.16 british pounds,listed as a hotel restaurant charge. We called to say why was this charge on our bill as we had NEVER eaten anything in the hotel. We were told that it was actually our phone charge. They could not explain why it appeared as a restaurant charge. We suggested that perhaps the phone charge could be wrong, since their computer system has proven itself unreliable, with listing a phone charge as a restaurant charge. After getting nothing but double talk, the phone charge stands. As for the 5am wake up call we were offered, for the day of departure, you guessed it! We didn't get it! So, after being woken up at 5am each morning without asking for it, they DID NOT give us the wake up call on the ONLY day we wanted it! I really, really do not have the time to write such an extensive review, but our experience at this hotel was so appalling, we wanted to let others learn from our experience. This hotel lists itself as luxury 5 star. The experience we had was worthy of about 2 star hotel.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great location professional staff lovely refurb	I disagree with the previous reviewer who stated that the refurb money had been wasted here. The hotel lobby is elegant but without being old fashioned, the bar area looks great and the rooms are of good quality, with a clean, modern look. The location couldn't get much better, just a minute or two from Green Park tube station and the staff are really helpful, friendly and professional. I managed to get a great deal with lastminute's &quot;Top Secret Hotels&quot;, and then got a room upgrade on arrival, so was extremely pleased to get this great hotel for a little more than a travel lodge. If you can get a deal, so for this hotel, even if you can't it's worth a shout...	
Nov 24 2006 	First 5 nights were great but the 6th night was disappointing	The first 5 nights were fine. On the 6th night, which happened to be the night of the grand re-opening party, the heavy smell of cigarette smoke filled my non-smoking room. I tried airing the room out by opening the window, but it was too cold to keep the window open. Around 4 I got up and turned off the air conditioner, which seem to prevent any further smoky air from coming into the room, but did not rid the room of the smoky air that had already come in.After tossing and turning for several hours, and absolutely no sleep, I got dressed, went downstairs and complained to the person at the front desk, who told me he would inform the management. When I checked out, I mentioned my complaint to the front desk, who brought one of the operations managers over. She claimed that there were no notes documenting that I had complained in the middle of the night. So I gave her the name of the young man who helped me. She then suggested if a heavy smell of smoke was in the room, the fire alarm would have gone off. She did not seem to understand air can smell heavily of smoke without setting off fire alarms. She also did not understand how unpleasant it is to attempt to sleep in a room that smells of smoke, when one has requested a non-smoking room and has paid close to 300 pounds for it. She failed to understand that I was trying to let her know that there was a major problem with the hotel's ventilation system and the particular room I stayed in.She offered me breakfast, but I declined as I had already eaten. She also offered me an upgrade should I stay at the hotel again. When I got to my next hotel, I discovered any of my clothes that had been in the room had absorbed a stale cigarette smell.	
Nov 22 2006 	Family Enjoyed the stay	Very good property, we stayed here as a family (Me, Wife and two children) in family room . Rooms are very spacious and clean. Though there is no great view from the Hotel.Hotel is located in Bond street and everything one would look for restaurents, shopping and attractions are within walking distance.We stayed for 5 days and enjoyed our stay. Everybody including doorman are very helpful and friendly.As we use to travel through out the day, a good breakfast was must and Mayfair serves very good breakfast.It is bit costly on the price side but very good for a family stay	
Nov 21 2006	Understaffed + Construction = Don't Stay	As I right this review my family and I are enjoying the relaxing sounds of jackhammers and drills. When we arrived the staff was very nice and seemed willing to assist in any manner. The hotel is not grand, but is clean. There is a a nice grocery store across the street which is very convenient.However, as I said the jackhammers and drills are literally horrible and I can't even carry a conversation with my wife over the loud sounds (and vibrations). Last night when we had internet connectivity problems (they have issues), I was put on hold for five different people ... none of which answered after I waited at least 2 minutes for each.Give this hotel another couple years and then it will be a very good place to stay. I would not recommend staying here now and would pay a little more to get something different.	
Nov 13 2006 	£83 million refurb - badly spent!	Despite the glossy pics, and all the press related to the refurbishment, this hotel remains pretty average, mostly on account of the numpties with a marble and plasma fettish who were responsible for the facelift.It didn't bode well that we waited til 4pm for the room to be ready. We waited in the cafe-bar and had a bite to eat while a wholly unsophistacated waitress emptied the ashtrays into a bin inches away from my mother's velvet coat. The 2002 dinner party sound track in lobby smacked of Hotel Babylon but the hotel lacked all the duck paddling swish attention to detail of even that nut house. Enourmous luggage mountains accumulated in the lobby - utterly unguarded despite promises to secure our possessions. We had 3 rooms booked, but the difference in the quality of the rooms was apparent. I drew the short straw in comparason to my parents so, since i was paying the same price, I asked for a comparable room and eventually (by 6) recamped to a marginal improvement. By this time i was too worn down to complain - but at least my windows weren't shrouded in scaffold. Clealy whoever decided to locate the doorless wardrobes in the bathroom, by the doorless shower, has never had to care for a silk ballgown (my folks' room had lovely large wardrobes in the bedroom). Where there ARE doors, they are hernia-inducingly heavy - and where doors should have doormen, you are largely expected to fend for yourselves with the dreadful finger trapping handles. So i would give the hotel a 0 out of 10 for door design alone. The fact that there is no Radio 4 access was further evidence of the low socio-intellectual expectations the designers and management projected for their guests. I suppose the same dork suggested the CNN tv feed in the lift as well!? OOoh, and the camera port in the bedrooms??? I am sure this hotel will provide the perfect backdrop and editing facilities for Paris Hilton's next online misadventure. No night vision required!  It's easy to see where the money went on this pointlessly expensive refurbishment. Sadly, Marble everything won't guarantee my return. In fact, i expect that some of the budget will have been set asside for accident claims - In the course of my long weekend i witnessed 3 people come crashing to the unforgiving floor. The pillows are also unforgiving.Why don't people involved in these re-fits create show rooms and actually try them out before commintting to the same problems in all other 400 odd rooms? It's then that you will realise that the 2cm gradual dip in the open shower is NOT enough to prevent full scale Boscastle in the bathroom. Put a body in the shower and where do you suppose the water goes??? It's when you use the sink that you reaslise that those shallow basins and high pressure taps will soak the sideboard and all your cosmetics too. It's when you're negotiating a soaking wet marble floor that you can end up arse first on it.... The positioninig of the heated towell rail way up above the loo was also baffling..... All these snags could so eaily have been thought through.I could go on and on about all the little things that annoyed me about this hotel. The chipped cups, the £10 shot of Baileys, the inability to answer reception phone within 3 minutes, the failure to take a drinks order, the clattering and hammering of building works which triggered the fire alarms every 5 mins early on Monday morning........ Overall, none of these drawbacks were particular deal breakers.... but in total created a substandard experience. Yes, the hotel was clean, (but beginning to look tired and worn already) the staff friendly (if ineffective) ....... It is was it is: A jumped up hotel in London which just doesn't deliver.	
Nov 6 2006 	Very Trendy	Had a great stay here, very trending bar, seems the place to meet on a Friday evening. Great location just a short walk up to Piccadilly and The Ritz, booked via Lastminute.com top secret hotels - so paid very little for a fantastic room, the biggest I've ever stayed in. Had to be moved as the first room was close to the last of the building work - but this should be over very soon. There was scaffolding across the window, but didn't spoil anything, I don't stay in hotels to look out of the window especially in London, too much to do. We didn't get breakfast in the rate we paid but for £4 you can get a fantastic full English round the corner at Katies, head towards Berkeley Square. Would definately recommend a stay here. I also recommend using lastminute for a great deal.	
Nov 6 2006 	Location is key	Location is fantastic. During the week that price may be a bit steep but the weekend rate is quite competitive. Hotel staff was extremely helpful – when I was unpacking, I found that something had leaked onto my dress shirt that I wanted to wear that night. I explained the situation and they took care of everything and it all worked out beautifully. The bathroom was the best part … yes, there was a flush mounted flat screen TV in there. I would also highly recommend Nobu restaurant – it’s a trendy Japanese place that is right around the corner from the hotel.	
Nov 3 2006 	The scaffolding is still up	Previous writers have complained about the noise. Well, despite what they tell you, you will still find people walking on the scaffolds outside your room (mine was on the third floor) and as there are no net curtains, you have to pull the blinds in the daytime, which is no fun for a smallish room which has cost me over 350 pounds for the night, breakfast included.The pillows are terrible and you have a hard time getting a soft one from roomservice (which you will have trouble getting as there is no list of the phone numbers). The TV has neither CNBC nor Bloomberg, the shaving mirror and hairdryer are in the wrong place. Bathtub very slippery and water not strong enough in the shower, and there is a smell of the drains in the room. The breakfast room is too small and the fried eggs come completely dried out.Anything good at this place? Yes - the bed is very comfortable, the lighting for reading in bed is good, the staff at reception are friendly and the location could not be better, Green Park tube station only two minutes on foot.I came here because my usual hotel was full up (the Chesterfield in Mayfair) but will NEVER return.	
Nov 3 2006	FABULOUS!!!!!	The refurbishment is now complete and the results are stunning. This is an Uber-Cool hotel in possibly the best location in London. Its near EVERYTHING you want to see, however, its in a quiet street, set back from Picadilly. So you get the fabulous location without the noise.The interior is glossy, luxurious and incredibly cool. Check out the fantastic bar and lobby area. Breakfast in the restaurant is a must - delicious coffee, pastries and preserves in a very elegant setting. If you are a &quot;foodie&quot; there is a whole array of London's top eateries within an easy walk - Nobu is only accross the road!Finally, I must mention the world class Spa in this hotel. Ice-chip fountain, mud body wraps, massage and the best pedicure in London. What more can I say?	
Nov 2 2006 	5 star room 2 star service	Booked de-luxe room via Late Rooms for wedding anniversary at £200+ per night. Nice large room and comfortable large bed. Mini bar empty, despite room information stating replenished daily, as they have changed system to room service i.e. with service charge. No water in room, even though stated in room information that it would be in the fridge. Cleaner did not clean bathroom surface of toothpaste marks. We put towels back on towel rack after use, except 1 dirty one. Cleaner did not replace this and moved it from bath to a heap by the sink. Bar looked wonderful and planned to go there when we returned from Saturday evening out. Sadly closed at 11.00pm and is closed all day Sunday. We left Monday morning.They tried to charge us £9.99 for audio / internet , which we did not use at all.	
Oct 31 2006 	Noisy!!	I've just returned from a 3 night stay at the May Fair, which I booked through lastminute.com for 99 pounds a night. The location of the hotel is great, right beside the Green Park tube station and just off Piccadilly. The room was fine, modern and clean. However, on the first morning we were woken at 8am by two builders having a conversation right outside our window on the third floor. Then the hammering started! I nearly lost the plot. We had been told nothing at check-in about construction work. We complained at reception, noticing that several other guests were doing the same thing. We were all told that, in order to be moved to a quieter room, we would have to pay an extra 119 pounds per night! One poor man, who was in a family room with his children, just walked away in shock. The reception staff tried to tell us that building work didn't start until 8.30. We told them that it was 8am, but they weren't having any of it. My husband absolutely refused to pay any extra money, and insisted that we be moved to a quieter room. Eventually (and reluctantly) they gave us a room at the front of the hotel. If you can't sleep in a room that you have paid for, a hotel should provide good customer service by moving you, without quibble and charge. If that had happened, we would have been pleased with our stay and would probably stay at this hotel again. However, I have a serious problem with a hotel trying to charge you for this simple request. We were not looking for a better or better room, and the one we received was the very same as the one we were moved from, so why the charge? Should the offer have read &quot;99 pounds per night if you don't mind being woken at 8am to the noise of banging and drilling?&quot;. Overall, despite the nice features of the hotel, our stay was tainted because of this incident.	
Oct 16 2006 	It is so LOUD. The construction is AWFUL	I have never in my life had so much noise while I was trying to sleep. The Hotel would be nice but it was under construction - whatever they tell you is NOT TRUE - they are still doing construction. They booked me in a room next door to the construction noise which was so loud (especially the chainsaw) that stuff was rattling on the table in my room. Then some workers walked in on me in my room by accident and then they set the fire alarm off. When they moved me to a new room I still heard the noise. They do construction on SATURDAYS and SUNDAYS too! They start at 8am!Please be careful - I don't want anyone to experience what I experienced.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great location	Booked via Last minute.com as a Secret Hotel (you can guess it by the detail they give you ) Fantastic hotel , just finishing a £70m refit so the rooms and public areas are all new and very modern.Great value at £99 and 2 mins walk from Green Park Tube .No complaints - would recommend.	
Oct 11 2006	Fashionable	The refurbishment gives this hotel a luxurious feel. The room was very attractive and comfortable, although it is true, as other reviewers noted, that the attention to design comes at the expense of some practical requirements, such as a clock and an accessible bureau. (Mine was black and squeezed into the unlighted closet, making it impossible to see where to open the drawers). The staff was helpful and the atmosphere lively, but without excessive noise. Internet access in the business center was free and immediate. With an ideal location and competitive pricing, this was a good choice.	
Oct 9 2006	Beware of building work	I just spent one night at this hotel to celebrate a friend's upcoming wedding.The hotel's common areas are fine. The rooms are a little impersonal and painted an unpleasant shade of brown.The staff were friendly and efficient.My main complaint was being woken up at 8am, by extremely loud building work taking place on the floor above. We had not been made aware that renovations were ongoing at check-in. When we spoke to the duty manager she explained that staff never know where building work will be occuring and so are unable to ensure that guests are not placed in nearby rooms.She eventually agreed to give us a 50% reduction on the room rate. We were grateful for this, but felt frustrated that we had forgone a lie-in and had wasted 30 minutes sorting it out.	
Sep 9 2006 	Excellent location very good hotel with some caveats	We stayed at the Radisson Mayfair at the end of Augst for a few nights. We were two adults and two children and had a very large room. There were two full bathrooms and large very comfortable beds. The look of the room is modern and cool. As others have noted, the hotel has been completely renovated and it appears those renovations are just about done. Although there was scaffolding on some of the building, including outside our room, we saw no internal construction and did not notice any ongoing work. I imagine everything will be finished shortly. Although the hotel wants to position itself as a full five star property, it falls a bit short. The rooms have most every ammenity, including flat screen TVs, etc.,but in some small and obvious respects, they fall short. There is one tiny garbage can, in the bathroom, and it was likely designed by someone who never used one. Although there were excellent bath products, they were bolted to the wall. No bars of soap, no shampoo you could move around. There was a very clever small TV above the bathtub but, it didn't work. When we called for service the hotel repair man said all the bathtub TVs were giving problems and may never work. There was no clock in the room (other than a tiny LED screen on a phone). How do you design a 5 star hotel and not include a clock? When we called down for one, the response was &quot;we don't have any.&quot; Huh? They promised they would search for one and, sure enough, an hour or two later up came a small Timex like travel clock, tik tock tick tock all night long. A true five star hotel would have the clock in the first place - or go out and purchase one across the street.The location of the hotel is excellent. One short block from the Ritz, a short walk to Buckingham Palace, and a couple blocks from Piccadily. There is much within just a few blocks. Service at the concierge was very good. The front desk was good but a bit scattered at times. The lobby is modern and cool but, not the most inviting for sitting and watching the world go by. Breakfast at the hotel, included for two of us, was excellent. Great croissant, juice, coffee, eggs, etc. Yet, the price for the breakfasts that weren't included was outrageous. Twenty two pounds or so. In sum, if returning to London we would look again at the Mafair. Much would depend on price - and the price we paid wasn't very cheap. I was told by the hotel that, in the next few months they aim to raise substantially their prices. All &quot;deluxe&quot; hotels in London are expensive and, if this one can be had at a good bit less than some other top hotels than I would go for it. On that point, we found all of London exorbitantly expensive, at every turn. Taxis, bottled water in restaurants, salads, wine, desserts and everything else. Yes, we knew that going in but, it is still something when you see it in black and white. And, we live in NYC and are used to high prices. Yet, in retrospect, I do not think we really got value for money. The food in London was nothing to get excited about yet the prices were equal to the top of the bracket for any international city. While London offers much, so do many other cities in the world.	
Aug 26 2006 	Poor Choice	The new management of this hotel has opted for trendy and the fancy new-age look does nothing but annoy. The architect who designed this place and its rooms must hate people. No bureau in room at all. No side table. No lamp on room telephone table so impossible to see to jot down info. Other room lamps are placed so high on wall that they do not shed appropriate light. Only liquid soap in bathroom and bottle is bolted to the walls making it impossible to reach while sitting in the incredibly narrow tub. No wakeup alarm equipment. Tiny wastebsket and step- on can in bathroom. Non-welcoming lobby. And the air-conditioning in the restaurant is placed so that those seated on banquettes around the room get drafts down their neck. What a pity! The hotel localtion is superb. This could have been a great hotel.	
Aug 1 2006 	Watch out for the Air Con!	Stayed in the Radisson Edwardian for two of the hottest days and nights in London.Probably wouldn't go back at full price (slightly too corporate without being 'special') but the room was lovely, clean, refurbished and the fridge worked (unlike some other reviews). However, the Air Conditioning shut off at quater past midnight each night. Completely unnacceptable as it was so warm. Maybe they thought everyone would be asleep! Thankfully it was sorted after a phonecall to reception and someone arriving to query the 'problem' after half an hour. If you want to stay cool...stay awake...	
Aug 1 2006	great rooms bad service	The Edwardian May Fair rooms are by far one of the best i've seen in london and i've seen alot. great location, contemporary/oriental decor and one of the best places to have breakfast (Amba restaurant in the main loby). now the flip side, their costumer service is bad to say the least. You some times get the feeling that you're actually imposing on their staff. Change (£5-10 in coins) were stolen from my room and when i complained it was to deaf ears. elevators were not working during the first 3weeks of July weeks which was a b... i even had to use the stairs to get to my room on the 7th floor several times. their fire alarm went off 7 times during my stay for no apparent reson. construction ongoing work will wake you up by 8:30am, no excuses made. No swimming pool and their GYM...well its okay. In breif: Great room + great location + poor management.	
Jul 17 2006	Not an acceptable experience	Was very dissatsified with this hotel during my last stay in London. People expect more from Radisson. I was encouraged to send the following letter, along with photos, to management.Dear Sir,I am writing to express my utter dissatisfaction during my stay at the Radisson Edwardian May Fair near Berkeley Square for two days at the end of June. My previous stay in early 2005 on business at this supposedly grand four–star establishment was marred by ongoing construction and constant noise. When I confronted management regarding the problems and poor service, they assured me that construction was obviously temporary and would be completed by early 2006. Thinking I would give Radisson another chance with my business while in London, imagine my dismay when I booked a room again at this hotel and found that renovations were still not complete and very behind schedule. This time I was expecting an environment and service that was worthy of the 188 pounds (nearly $400 per night) room rate, and was pleasantly surprised by the new lobby layout and the efficient staff. That quickly and sadly turned to displeasure when I walked to and entered my corner room on the 7th floor.The following is a list of what I experienced:1) Dirty hallway littered with sheet rock and tools (in the MIDDLE of the hallway blocking access to rooms). 2) No hotel/room/telephone service guide available (how do I call room service, the front desk, etc.)3) No coffee /tea / cups in room (only the pot). Housekeeping took one hour to send up coffee/cream and they were handed to me not on a tray, but in handfuls of packets. 4) No trashcan5) Strong smell of paint to a point where it was most likely unhealthy6) Broken window glass7) No safety box for valuables8) A showerhead that sprayed water in every direction except through the intended nozzles9) Phone that didn’t work (there was a dial tone, but was not able to place call due to too much static)10) Refrigerator with eight loose screws and a dirty plastic bag, but no drinks.11) No newspaper delivered on either day despite being asked which paper I wanted delivered to my room12) Front desk computers were down the first morning when I needed to check an item on my profile. 13) Front desk computers were down again during check-out on the final day, requiring an unsecured payment process.Any one of these by itself would not warrant a letter, but collectively, it shows these problems were not simply overlooked items but rather the result of gross neglect of the most important aspect in the hotel and service industry. This is not an isolated incident, as my two colleagues, also guests on two different floors during the same trip, experienced a variety of other inadequacies as well?(ex. a shower stall with no guard to keep water from flowing directly into the room and soaking the carpet, another shower stall with two showerheads but only one knob). After my two experiences, I must say that I was expecting more from Radisson.Sincerely,	
Jun 30 2006	Okay but give it time.....	We only spent two days there. If you can use the email prebooking, then use it. You want to be as far away from the elevators as possible. We stayed in a deluxe two double bed room. The room itself is huge and so is the bathroom. Only complaints,no free water and the tv needed to be reprogrammed. The main lifts don't work and the other one is the size of a small shower. Subsequently we had to go up to our room in shifts. All in all this will be a nice hotel, however it's taking a long time to get things done. The restaurant is nice and the staff are personable which is rare in London. The food is good too.	
Jun 24 2006	Nice central location modern hotel	Stayed for 4 nights in a junior suite. We had to wait almost for one hour to check in (three rooms in total), probably because we arreiveed late and the man at reservation was totally unexperienced if not a trainee.The room and the bath room were huge and the modern decoration superb. However there had been extensive renovation constructions in one part of the hotel which started at 7.30 in the morning and I asked to get another room the next day. The new room was equally nice.The location of the hotel is very convenient near Picadilly, Buckingham Palace and Oxford Street.Overall a good hotel.	
Jun 20 2006	Poor Customer service	We arrived at 2pm to check in to the hotel, we were told the room was not quite ready yet, and offered a soft drink in the bar, Fine. Half a hour passed and still no word about the room, upon investigation i was informed the room was still being cleaned! 2 hours later we were finally able to check in!.Be warned at the weekend there is a limited menu available, and the bar tender, poor man seemed very harssed and unsure whether the kitchen could mannage bar snacks.After a spending an evening out in the city, we returned to our room, it was the hottest day of the week and neither myself or my friend could get the Air-Con to work. We phoned Reception twice and were told someone would be up to assist us. 3 hours passed and still no help. Unable to open the windows due to the scafolding that lay outside our room, we sweltered the night away.We rang down for Water, as there was none avaible in the room, although the room directory did state each room had mineral water, again no water turned up. Don't even get me started on the refurb and clealiness of the rooms!Upon check out i informed the receptionist of our dificulties, very discreetly i might add, in return all i got was a vacant look and a feeble responce of: Sorry! Here is your Bill.As a manager of a luxery hotel and a guest, i can not believe the lack of customer service, this hotel really needs a shake up.	
Jun 9 2006	smiley staff but incompetent	just arrived yesterday....i have now made three phone calls to the reception desk to request that someone put batteries in my in room safe. Is this asking a lot? At this writing it's still not fixed. Maybe I should just go out and buy my own batteries and fix it myself. Also...I waited til 4 p.m. to get my room which I was told would be worth the wait because of the lovely view out the window. This lovely view is one of scaffolding and construction! So I will just keep the curtain closed. Other than that...the room is nice enough and the business center is free....which is unusual these days. But the service needs to be improved upon. The staff is really friendly but no one can handle anything. They seem perplexed.	
May 28 2006	Luxurious Room	We stayed at this hotel earlier this month and I must admit that after having read some of the previous reviews for this hotel I was a little worried as to what I would find once I got there. Especially as it was booked as a treat for my husband. I need not have worried!Yes, there is building work going on at the moment and scaffolding can be seen, however, upon arrival, we were treated with courtesy and respect. Our room was not ready (although it was nearly 2pm), but we were seated in the restaurant and offered complimentary tea and coffee whilst we waited. By 2pm the room was ready and although the lift is terribly tempremental we were only on the second floor, so it was easy to take the stairs. We were in room 228 which has been refurbished. We paid a little extra because it was a delux double, but it was definately worth it. It is much bigger than other 4 or 5* London hotel rooms and the same goes for the bathroom. It had a separate bath and walk in shower, plus two sinks. There was also tea and coffee making facilities, however, the fridge did not work and there was no complimentary water as stated in the room directory.If you have limited luggage then I would recomend that you carry it yourself to your room. We waited over 15 mins and then when we rang reception, the wrong bags were sent up. Our luggage did arrive though a few minutes later.Breakfast was included in our price, and was nice enough. All in all, a good hotel and I am sure that once the building work is completed the inaccuracies in the service will be rectified. Would stay here again, but probably only for special occasions.	
May 23 2006	With eyes open this is a great deal!	OK - I was a little worried about booking this hotel, particularly having read the previous reviews - until the last one, that is.we were having a special weekend away with friends, and took a risk with the ongoing renovations at this hotel. Here is our experience.Location is fantastic. 2 minutes walk to green park tube station - on the same line as leicester square, convent garden etc. You can also get the jubilee line to waterloo from here. Green park is beautiful, and Buckingham Palace also really close.Checking in was really easy, and we managed ot blag some upgraded rooms as well.Rooms were clean, spacious, and had REALLY comfy beds. Free water in the minibar and luxurious bathrooms.The lift was the most negative thing. Only one of them, and only holds 6 people (actually only 3-4 if there is luggage involved), but the stairs are not that onerous.We didn't try the bar or the restaurant - preferring to head into the crowds and explore.All in all, this was a bargain hotel. Yes, there are renovations, but they are remarkably well hidden. All the interior workings are hidden behind temporary walls painted the same colour as the regular wall - quite subtle. Comfortable rooms, and fantastic location.Okay, it's not a 5* hotel at the moment, but it is pretty close, and for £100 a night, a real bargain!	
May 22 2006	Ripped off! Should not be 5 star	At £500 room only for a 2 night stay in this Hotel I feel more than a little stung.I was not advised when booking this hotel that it was in the middle of a refurb so was not happy to be paying £500 to stay in a building site.Our newly refurbished room had stained bedding, stained carpets, chipped marble in the bathroom. The decor finishing leaves a lot to be desired! The fridge was not cool enough to store babies food which was a big problem. When I asked reception about this I was told this was down to the refurb - not sure why?A relaxing stay in London it was not! Fire Alarms going off every 2 hours through the night made for fun with a small baby.We couldn't open our curtains at all in the room unless we wanted a builder staring right in at us.The lift scenario is ridiculous (take note if going with prams and wheelchairs) there is only one lift that goes to the ground floor (two more go from the 1st floor upwards!?!?). This one lift is just big enough for a pram and one person to squeeze in with it.We waited more than 15 minutes to try and get the lift down from our 5th floor to the ground floor. In the end I had to walk down to the ground floor get in the lift and prevent anyone else on the other floors from getting in just so we could get downstairs. Utterly ridiculous. Staff are friendly although slow at responding to housekeeping neglections. For example I called ahead on the morning of our check-in to double check that the cot would be ready in our room. When we arrived at night with a very tired baby we were disappointed to see no cot. We had to wait for a further half an hour for them to find it, then we had to put it up ourselves as no-one had a clue what to do with it. Refreshments in the room were not restocked either.Not sure what the decor is about. A bizarre mix of oriental, asian and western contemporary. Looks like a hurried attempt to modernise.The only thing going for this hotel is its location.Not sure how it qualifies for its 5 star status?	
May 15 2006	£99- What a bargin!!!	I am so glad I didnt read the reviews on here before booking. It would have stoped me booking the biggest bargin ever. £99 off Last minute. I am quite appauled at all the bad reviews - if you can show me another hotel the centre of London with such an impressive room for under £100 then I will eat my words. I often book last minute hotels on London and usually can only get a 4* for that price, where the rooms are all pretty much of a muchness. However walking into this room - my jaw dropped! The most comfy bed ever. huge walk in shower with the biggest shower head. lovely products. amazing deep stand alone bath. bang and oulsen TV, huge room. what more can you ask for!! Yes there was signs of building work and the lift is inconvenient but I found the staff pleasent, the bar staff pleasent. and the decor amazing. Also Nobu berkley is only across the road - yum!If you were not aware of the building work before you went I could understand some getting upset but come on, if you want a 5 Star hotel with no building work then pay the £300 price tag. Well done radission and thanks for an amazing weekend!	
May 9 2006	Our thoughts!	My boyfriend and myself wanted a nice weekend away to London. We booked this hotel through Lastminute. The hotel on the website looked amazing as an up and coming newly refurbished hotel in Mayfair London. We arrived and were greated by a nice lady on reception who gave us our room number and showed us to our room. We did however notice that there was building work being done... everywhere. This did not bother us to much. We got to our room, we have to say we were very disapointed. Being the nosy person i am i inspected the room. There was a hole in our wall where the windows had not been fitted correctly and the bath was dirty. We telephoned reception, and they said they would call us back, with an alternative. Half an hour later, we finally went down to reception, where we were greated by a rude lady! I told her about the problem, she then moved us to another room. The room was huge.The bed was huge and very comfortable. We decided to have a nosy around the hotel. The bars were shut, which was a pain!! We ended up going to Funky Buddahs across the road.. a whole group of wannabes!! (but thats another story) We never had breakfast in the hotel, as we were not even offered the choice, we would of probably paid aswell! However starbucks is not far round the corner!  On our last day we decided to book into the spa, this was amazing! We had a rainforrest shower and a couples mud bath. My skin was so soft, after days of having it. The relaxation room was heaven, however we could hear the tubes going past! This did make us giggle, maybe they need some music to be played. It was lush though. I was very relaxed! One thing we noticed that people waited for a tip, which was mad, as we would of probably giving one anyway. I did not like the pressure of it!! The best thing about this hotel is probably the room service we ordered at 3.00am it cost us £35.00 but it was worth it, and great fun! Dont think we would stay here again, been there done that one!!	
Apr 23 2006	Disappointed with hotel on this our second stay	Stayed at the R/E Mayfair Saturday 22nd April - we stayed here 14 months ago whilst an earlier stage of the renovation work was underway. Had a fab, HUGE room then.Booked the £99 lastminute deal and had read recent guests' reviews - a good thing we knew where the hotel was from our previous visit as otherwise it would be hard to find under the scaffolding &amp; boarding outside ground floor. Reception staff courteous and smooth check-in. We were given Room 203 - this room should not be a hotel room, it is a peculiar shape, hard to walk around the bed because of angle of wall - it is away from most rooms, and seems to be surrounded by hotel storage cupboard - we even had a vacuum cleaner outside our room for duration of stay, would not expect this in a 5* hotel. There is no dressing table in this room, to dry your hair because of the position of the hairdryer in a draw you have to stand infront of the wardrobe using the mirror on the door - this really is quite poor because the lighting in that area of room is very dim.Bathroom - bath tap half way up the wall - inconvenient. The extendable vanity mirror in the bathroom is at a very peculiar, low height - seems badly planned. The May Fair Bar (cocktail bar) was shut Saturday night (no explanation as to why), so we went to the Amba Bar - £19.45 for two vodka and tonics - expensive even by Mayfair prices??? The bar staff not friendly, had to wipe crumbs off of the lounge seating before we sat on it - would expect this to have been checked and done already by staff.The complimentary paper did not arrive this morning which we'd booked with Reception on check-in (maybe because they they forgot about us in this hidden away room), and, there were no complimentary biscuits/chocolates in the room with coffee/tea tray - very surprising and poor for a five star hotel.Will not return here again but use other Top Secret hotels - have had some excellent hotels via lastminute - think the Radisson Edwardian Mayfair is overpriced.	
Apr 19 2006	The best value I ever had in London !	I wanted to write this review as soon as I came back of London in order to tell the all truth about this hotel. I was really upset of all the reviews about it ! Whe I saw all the reviews here, I told myself that I will probably have the worst stay in London of my life (and I have ever been in london more than 20 times, that means more than 20 different hotels).And I must say that it was allmost the best deal I ever have !Therefore, my goal is to put your mind at ease if, like me, you booked this hotel through lastminute (you can have deals from £100 a night !) and after reading the others review, you start to think that you will enter in a worst place than the haunted mansion at Disneyland !Then, lets go !YES, there is Major building worksYES, the staff may seems unattentive or whateverBut we must all have in mind that, due to the refurbishment we all had great deals on this hotel.First of all, there is one word : LOCATION !Location is perfect, we are here at the middle of everything ! The tube is just one minute from the hotel and if you come from Heathrow Airport, take the picaddilly line ! You will be there in less than 45 mns ! No need to take the otherpriced and uneasy Heathrow Express...OK, its not very nice to enter in a building completely wrapped in scaffolding but it is easy to find as soon as you know that it is the only scaffolded building in the area ;-)But as soon as you enter in the hotel (great doorman by the way), you can only count on the &quot;wouahou&quot; factor ! Everything is luxury and opulent ! All the common area are based upon a orientalist theme with great buddhas and magnificent original artwork. You ave an enormous real baccarat chandelier that must cost an enormous amount too !The reception is very stylish with managers a little bit cool, to be honest, but very attentive if you have a problem. I can easily understand that they can be cold if everybody who comes there annoy them about the refurbishment ! It is not their fault.Upon checkin I had a little problem because they did not upgraded me as they should have done due to my Radisson Gold Card. There wasn't junior suite anymore they said...So I discovered my Deluxe king room (£125 per night). Very spacious for london standards with a magnificent bathroom with both tube and walk in shower ! The best was the Bang &amp; Olufsen TV with a nice entertainment program even though the number of channel is very limitedYes, another point very usefull : the complimentary wireless internet access in the room ! Very usefull...And, the better for the end : I had a marvelous view other the near square. I was on the 5th floor and no sign of scaffolding from my window.In one word : perfect !Very minimalistic but perfect.The next day, when I came back to see if an upgrade was available (they had forgotten me), after a little bit arguying, they final me found me an junior suite on the 1rst floor.And, then, it was even more &quot;wouahou&quot; ! Never seen such an opulent room with B&amp;O Huge Flatscreen (!!!), original oriental artwork, and everything you can count of a 5 star hotel. The room was more than huge and the bathroom was the best I ever had in my life with philippe starck amenities, a flatscreen tv and a &quot;rain&quot; like shower.I could speak for hours of this room ! So nice.Only bad point : the view was on scaffolding.But who cares ! I was obn my room to sleep, not to see the view !So, it was the best room I ever had in London (and I ever had suites in Le Meridien or other Radisson hotels), but it is definitely the hipest one I had.And regarding its price, it was a real bargain !!!Sure that when the refurbishment will be finished, the prices won't be the same.So my advice is that this is a fabulous offer for a 5 star in the heart of fashionable mayfair and that you must think first that when we are in a room we do not look outside but INSIDE !So this is a real bargain !	
Apr 10 2006	A real disaster - building works AND the most awful staff!	What a disaster! Major building worksHotel almost impossible to find under all the scafolding. Room totally devoid of natural light - when we lifted the blinds, our room was directly onto scaffolding and builders and dirt - couldn't leave windows open because of the filthy and noisy atmosphere outside.The staffThe staff, bar one concierge, were unattentive, surly, and not at all what I would expect from any service personnel.I was particularly upset when our room service arrived 1 1/2 hours after ordering - during that time I rang reception, house keeping and concierge, only to be left unanswered or passed onto somebody else who either hung up or did not answer the call at all.To add insult, the staff forgot to ask to sign for our room service and so returned at 3am, sometime later, when we were fast asleep. We were woken by his banging and buzzing the door!The icing on the cake was that I was really sick not long after eating the food that had been delivered.ComplaintWe naturally made the manager aware of the problems we had encountered during our stay. He too was disinterested and unperplexed by our outrage.What a waste of time and money - would never go back or ever recommend the hotel to anyone we know.	
Mar 29 2006 	Stay away till the works are over	The location is great, no denial about that. You would, however, have som hard time finding the place - it's completely wrapped in scaffolding, so you would not see any signs of the hotel.Rooms are rather nice - in that ultra-modern minimalist design. However, it's not much to my personal liking - I find this style to be interesting to look at but not very comfortable to use.Bathrooms are of Philipp Stark - and again, the same remark about design - interesting to look at, inconvenient to use. In my case, the bathroom (better say, shower room), also served as a huge walk-in closet. An interesting idea, but then prepare to see your clothes a bit damp - there is no other place to put them.Also the showers (there were 2!) are walk-in, with no separation of shower floor area, from the rest of the ablution suit. As a result, you'd end up with a pool of water in the whole shower-room/walk-in closet.Well, these are designer quirks.However, the worst part is construction - all you see from your windows is some rusty tubes, dusty planks, torn plastic and lots of rubble on those planks - like cigarette butts, smashed coffee cups etc. The work does start at 7 am sharp and you hear it well.It's not only outside - you can hear circular saws inside the building, dust flies around, there is a heavy smell of paint etc.There is an Ethernet socket in the room, but while I was there, it did not work. Wiring is in place, and you get some IP packets, but there are some server problem, as I could figure out from diagnostic messages. Ditto for Wi-Fi.Front-desk staff is cleary tired of complaints and requests for a room where all these construction symptoms are not so apparent - so they just seem to have given up long time ago and sulk.Breakfast - nothing to write about. I had it in room.Limited choice, so-so bread basket...Well, summing it all up - if you are a leisure traveller, coming for a weekend, want to stay central and are keen to see what a five-star hotel room looks like - give it a try, if you find a good rate. Otherwise stay away. At least, until November, when the construction would be supposedly over, but probably you'd have to give it few additional months to get that depression feel out of the hotel staff.	
Mar 24 2006 	Appalling - the worst experience imaginable	. Here is a letter we sent to the Manager, European Customer Service and head Office in the US. We were told the Manager would be in contact.....we are still waiting. ......Mr Martin NewbouldHouse ManagerRadisson Edwardian May Fair Hotel LondonStratton StreetLondon W1A 2AN, EnglandMs Anne GottwaldGuest Relations ManagerRadisson Edwardian May Fair Hotel LondonStratton StreetLondon W1A 2AN, EnglandMs Marilyn Carlson NelsonChairman and Chief Executive OfficerCarlson CompaniesPO Box 59159Minneapolis MN 55459 USADear SirsI am writing to express my utter displeasure and disappointment in my recent stay at your hotel, the “grand five-star” Radisson Edwardian Mayfair for the dates 30 June-3 July 2005.I arrived with my wife and two-year-old daughter shortly after midnight on 1 July, and departed after noon on 3 July. We were lodged in room 608, and we made the bookings on the internet, pre-paying a deposit of over £500.My dissatisfaction was due to the following;1 July;-Access to the room was inconvenient at best. We had to first walk up a flight of stairs, then through a fire door needing a key to open, then down two lengthy hallways, one of which included additional stairs, before taking a service elevator. -There was no mini-bar as confirmed with our booking on the Radisson.com website. The refrigerator was there, but it did not work, was at room temperature, and had nothing more than a bottle of warm water in it. When we queried the staff on check-in and again Friday afternoon, we were told that the lack of mini-bar was a “management decision”, that none of the rooms (old or new) had mini-bars, and that there was nothing they would do about it. In addition to our previous two discussions with desk staff about this, we spoke to the duty manager on leaving the hotel and she stated the the minibar should at least work, which it did not. She further explained that a group of guests had been polled and as a result, a “management” decision had been made to provide mini-bars where clients would have a choice to pay for beverages supplied by the hotel, or, additional bar fridge space where they could place their own items. If this is the case, a common sense “management” decision with guest consideration in mind, would be that the old system should remain available until the new one is ready to be implemented. An empty, warm fridge does not provide access to either. -To get something to drink, I ordered two beers from room service. I stressed that they must be cold. After a 30 minute wait two lukewarm beers arrived. In order to avoid further waiting, I took the warm beers down the long journey to the front desk myself to exchange them for cold ones, which were available all along.-Various fixtures in the room were loose and falling apart, including the shower water knob, the bin in the bathroom, the light fixtures in the ceiling, and most importantly, a wall socket that was pulled out exposing the wires and bare connections. This was a hazard to my two year old daughter and I would think a safety code violation in the United Kingdom.-Both the entrance door and the bathroom door had holes made for a door bolt / lock however neither of these doors were finished completely and lacked these details. The bathroom door has a hole where the lock should be, the main door had part of the chain door lock in place but was missing key parts.- Since we arrived in late the night before, and I had business meetings beginning at 11 AM and lasting all day, I hoped to be able to sleep later than 8 AM, which is the hour we were awakened by the hammering, sawing, and drilling noise going on in the hotel renovations in the next wing.-In the evening, we asked for an extra bath towel from the maid service. Two hours later, it had not arrived and we had to phone again. 2 July; - We were awakened again on Saturday by the construction noise. - There were problems with the service lift on and off all day Saturday and into Sunday morning. One could only discover the problem by waiting by the lift to see if it would arrive, because there was never any notification on the lift or elsewhere. Access to the room was now up an additional five flights of stairs, but at least possible. The greater challenge was getting back down, as the stairwell door on the first floor was locked from the inside, without so much as a handle to grab onto to try to open it from the stairway side. As far as I knew, this was the only access to the lobby. I only found my way out by going into the renovation work and asking the workmen how to get out. This caused me to be late to a business appointment waiting for me in the lobby. The inconvenience aside, I am sure that this was a safety code violation. In the event of a fire, there was no escape route. At 13:00 on Saturday I informed a young lady at the front desk of the problem, and showed it to her as she tried to help me get to my room. A simple door stop could have been a temporary solution, but at 17:00 the door was still locked. -Saturday night at 9 PM I tried again to order room service. I asked for a mixed salad. I was told this was only available on the night menu after 11PM. In fact there was no green salad available. I then asked for a pizza, and was told I had an out-dated menu and so had to wait while a porter brought up the new one. To deny a guest a simple plate like a green salad, when the ingredients are readily available, strikes me as, well, stupid. It’s certainly not five star “prestigious” service. Does the hotel not have lettuce and tomatoes during daylight hours? Is the hotel at all concerned with customer service?3 July;Due to the out-of-order lifts, my wife, seven months pregnant, and carrying a 15 kg toddler, after waiting in vain for the lift, was forced to climb the extra five floors of stairs to get up to the 6th floor room. We do not believe that the hotel was giving value for money.Given that the “first section of new bedrooms is currently under construction and is due for completion in June”, I question as to why we were placed in an incomplete room in July and, why indeed, the hotel was taking bookings for a service that was inadequate, and that it was most certainly unable to provide. One is able to understand that renovations are often necessary for the improvement and modernization of facilities in an attempt to provide better services and it is possible to allow reasonable leverage in considering this.However, in our experience, the Radisson Edwardian Mayfair is in no state to be currently claiming to be providing a luxury service, in fact, it is in no state to be taking reservations for the section of hotel we were roomed in. The standard we found was far below that expected of a five star hotel, with severe safety violations that require serious and immediate attention.I was in London principally for business. I found it difficult to conduct business in a professional manner in the Radisson. I was tired from lack of sleep due to the noise, and late for an appointment due to being locked in a stairwell. As a golf course manager, I once worked with the Meridien hotel chain. I understand that there are people who will trump up complaints and problems in order to gain concessions in prices from the hotel. I did not ask for any discounts, and I am not doing so now. I want to be sure that you understand that my dissatisfaction is genuine, and the reasons why in the future I will avoid Radisson Hotels in general and your hotel in particular. Yours sincerely	
Mar 15 2006 	good location	Check in, is at 2pm, showed up and was told I had to return @ 4pm. Left my bags went for a walk....Stayed here for a week 5-10th March. Room was nice and clean. Modern decor. Had B&amp;O TV in there...:)Double beds etc. There was scafolding outside my window which meant dust on the window sills, which meant the dust/dirt came in if you opened the windows, not that i cared as I did not have to clean the room... Hall way carpets were filthy as the workmen used them. And in the morning (7:30ish) they were not tip toeing around the place..GRR Location is perfect, 2 min walk to Green Park tube station. Excellent area, Mayfair after all.. right accross from Nobu(famous restaurant) so you can star gaze from the Mayfair Bar if that tickles your fancy. Although the paparazzi probably will block your view. The bar closes early though 11pm. Which sucked as I did want a drink in there but when I showed up around 10:30 I was told they are closing, or it must have been my aftershave..Breakfast was VERY expensive not that I was paying but still the menu is VERY limited. Either a Full English or continental. They did make me scambled eggs &amp; mushrooms,toast,OJ, coffee one day they charged me £20 then next £15....Had dinner my last night and it was £37!!! All I had was soup, steak and a glass of wine, oh wait and some water!! GRRR i did read somewhere on their website that you get 20% of your food bill but that didnt work out, I could not be bothered with it when checking out.Gym was small but nice and not very busy.Over all a nice hotel and will be better once completed. Some of the staff were a bit snooty and some very nice but thats to be expected.Would stay there again, defo for the me location was perfect and a good area. Nice place to walk around.	
Mar 14 2006	loved london did not like our hotel May Fair not nice!!	we stayed at the May Fair, we would never stay there again, we couldn't sleep because of of noise from acrossed the street, the hotel was not inviting and the staff was not helpful!!!!!! they knew about the problems from previous patrons, but did nothing about it we had two suites and feel like we wasted ALOT of money on substandard rooms!!! we will go back to london, loved it, but we will look for another hotel!!!	
Mar 13 2006	Good value	Overall it was very good. As a base for a weekend in London it was perfect; closely located to Bond Street and a large number of theatres.The rooms were modern, tastefully furnished and clean. The building work was only noticeable from the outside and nothing appeared to happen over the weekend, at least we did not hear any.Where this hotel scored the most points was being well priced, stylish and modern. We were reluctant to spend a lot on a 'traditionally decorated' room in another hotel only to find it dated, 'floral' and lacking a decent shower etc. The Radisson is perfect if you have the same reservations and don't want to blow the budget.	
Mar 7 2006	Value for money	My wife and I stayed for a Friday and Saturday night booked via lastminute.com.Yes the hotel will be better when completed but the inside is finished and at the rate available on lastminute for a 5* in Mayfair its very good value.We found the bars impersonal and noisey (try the bars at the Ritz, Connaught, Savoy and Claridge's - same prices but more history and great for people watching).We had a delux room which was a good size with walk in closet/wardrode (lighting poor) and large bathroom.The building work was intrusive on Saturday morning but not on Sunday.The staff were very helpful and friendly. For us the hotel is too modern (we prefer the more traditional London 5*'s) but if we need to stay in London while the reduced rates are available we would use the hotel again.	
Feb 26 2006	Will Be OK When It's Finished!	I read the previous reviews about the place being a construction site and chose to disregard them. It used to be an Intercontinental. &quot;They can't run a 'five star' hotel under those conditions&quot; I thought to myself. Oh yes they can! When we arrived the road had been closed to allow a massive pantechnicon crane to do some work on the building, which was completely swathed in scaffolding. The reception is very minimalist, and we were soon checked in and went off to our room. As we entered the newly refurbished room, we felt the vibrations and racket of a jackhammer right outside the window. We went straight back down to reception and asked to move.The next room was quieter, but there was no WiFi internet connection, mini-bar not working, only five TV channels, advertised shoe shine service not available, Scaffolding outside the windows. The lifts are slow and intermittent. When a lift does arrive, you will likely share it with a hard-hatted construction worker carrying slabs of marble. One bar was closed.The location is excellent, being just off Piccadilly. We paid £99, a discount rate through lastminute, this is the &quot;5 star Mayfair&quot; hotel. But the hotel really should be closed whilst this work is carried out. We wish we had stayed elsewhere. The hotel is supposed to be finished in September 2006. Stay away until then!	
Feb 24 2006	Great hotel...however...	We stayed for just one night and booked into a delux room. The initial impression of the hotel isn't too great as you are greeted by scaffolding and builder's. However once you step inside the hotel is sleek and quite plush. The room we were in was great, really spacious and stylish, however the view wasn't up to scratch at all.The staff are great, really helpful and friendly, especially those on reception. However, beware of the bar prices! We popped in for a late night drink and found ourselves stung for over £20 for just 2 drinks, VERY overpriced we thought, even though we were in Mayfair.Another thing, the building work that's going on is pretty noisy, especially in the morning when we were trying to get a lie in.We ordered breakfast for the room and would highly recommend it, it's just an extra £1.50 each and it's a great selection in the luxury of your own room.Overall a nice hotel, perhaps a little steep in price but you have to consider the area it's in. Would recommend once all building work is complete.	
Feb 22 2006	Good but not fantastic!	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here 18th-21st February for a Valentines weekend break.The exterior of the hotel is 'totally' covered by scaffolding as it is currently being renovated but this did not pose any real problem for us.The reception area is very impressive - if slightly lacking in atmosphere. It is now totally renovated and is large and modern, however it appears the lifts have not been completed as of yet.We arrived early and our room was not quite ready however we had a drink in the bar and when I returned to reception the room was still not ready so they allocated us another room - still not too sure why they didn't do that from the start!We had a meal in The Amba Grill which was very nice.The bedroom was a Deluxe King and was lovely - see photos. The bed was very comfortable. For the age of the carpet it did look like it will get grubby looking very quickly - at this stage it is 'ok'. The Bang &amp; Olufsen television was great except there is supposed to be internet on the television that can be used with the in-room keyboard - our keyboard was not working and when I called reception the technical team were off duty (to be fair it was after midnight) so I had to use the Business Centre - this wasn't very convenient at this time but in general the business centre is very good with high speed internet and printing facilities 24 hours a day. Also, I believe there is free wireless internet for guests (I didn't have my laptop with me).The bathroom was very spacious, double sinks, large walk in shower and had a TV built into the wall which was cool! However the remote was faulty, I reported this to reception three times but nothing was done about it. There is no shower near the bath which makes washing your hair tricky in the bath - I had to use a glass.Check-out was swift and any mistakes on the bill were quickly rectified. The receptionist told me they are currently completing a new wing, convention centre and theatre.As regards the building work that is currently happening we did not find this a problem - it was evident but not obtrusive.Overall - the hotel is lovely but at present does not have a great atmosphere and has a few problems that I feel do not warrant paying the rack rate - I booked through Lastminute so as other reviewers have said it's hard to complain at the cost but I think things will have to change to justify the expense of the £40 million renovation.	
Jan 12 2006	Stayed for two weeks and...	My partner and I went to London for a two week break in early November and I stayed at the Radisson Mayfair. I have to say that the hotel was a joy, the staff were attentive, the room comfortable and the rennovations were not a big thing. The only problem was the second Monday of our stay, the hotel had no hot water, the wake up shower in the morning was a wake up. By 11 AM the problem was solved and we were given a voucher for an upgrade to a suite for a future visit. Overall, we would stay here again in the future.	
Dec 20 2005	excellent even in the midst of renovation!	Although in the middle of a major refurb the above hotel has fabulously luxurious reception rooms and bedrooms that are finished.When I booked with Lastminute dotcom I then rang and checked that the room would be new etc.It was fab-beautiful soft furnishings and finishes and super bed and bathroom. Our daughters twin was palatial and had an amazing bathroom.There is no doubt that there is building going on and it is evident by all the scaffolding at the front and dusty footprints and noise start at 8am but it wasnt a problem for us.We did not eat there so cant comment on that.If you are concerned wait a bit longer but we would go back soon-the location is fab and so are the staff	
Dec 1 2005	Lots of drilling during the day!	Careful with this place. If you just need the hotel to sleep during regular hours then consider, but dont think about having a long lie in etc. The outside is completely covered by scaffold and during the day there is nowhere in the hotel to hide from the sound.Not a place for a romantic weekend!!But if you just need to sleep during regular hours then rooms are very comfortable.	
Nov 23 2005	Needs a shake up in order to justify it's 5 stars !	Having read the other reviews about this hotel I was dreading staying here, but was lucky enough to be given one of the newly refurbished rooms. However, in my opinion the hotel and the staff require a real shake up in terms of service and cleanliness in order for it to deserve its 5 star rating.The new reception area looks lovely. It's very open and modern and the check-in was very swift despite it being late on a Friday afternoon. Check-out on Sunday morning was somewhat different however when there were only 2 reception staff at the desk and a long queue of guests !The room was quite a reasonable size for a London hotel. The new decor is very modern in various shades of brown and beige. Given that these rooms have only recently been finished, it's disappointing that the carpet is already starting to look grubby and worn. The bath wasn't clean and there were urine stains down the front of the toilet. The Bang &amp; Olufsen TV didn't work properly. The round glass table in front of the window was already scratched. There was only one bathrobe and when I asked at Reception for another one, the Recptionist looked at her watch and told me &quot;Housekeeping is closed&quot;, but she would see what she could do. Pretty poor service, but upon returning to my room an hour or so later, there was another bathrobe, so they must be doing something right. The towels and bedlinen were good quality and the bed was very comfortable.We wanted to meet our friends in the Mayfair Bar on Saturday night before going out but we were told that the bar doesn't open on Friday or Saturday nights. For the hotel I think this is a real lost revenue opportunity and for me, I was really disappointed as the Mayfair Bar has always been a really trendy, buzzing place to meet. Instead we were directed into the residents Amba Bar but this was pretty quiet and soulless.Overall then, this hotel has a great location and as I'd bought the accommodation from Lastminute I can't moan about the price either. However, this hotel and it's staff need some serious polishing if it's going to justify the huge cost of renovation.	
Nov 4 2005	Do not go to this hotel	Do not even go within a mile of the Radisson Edwardian May Fair or something is bound to go wrong. We recently stayed in London for two nights and need another break now we are home. The lobby of the hotel is impressive, after you have got past the scaffolding and builders lorries at the entrance, put that's as far as it goes. Our room wasn't ready when we turned up at 6pm in the evening. The shower tap came off in my hand. On return from a night out the plumbing started to clatter and staff promised that the problem would be resolved. Not at 2:30 in the morning it wasn't. Nor was it the next day when we returned to our room on the Sunday night to the same blood curdling sounds we had had on the first. Unfortunatley due to our travel commitments, I was unable to express my disgust to the management and am still waiting to hear from them, despite the promise on their website of a 24 hour turn around for complaints. I can only think that their customer service department must have a large back log, if the May Fair is anything to go by. Please don't waste your money at this establishment!	
Oct 23 2005 	Terrible Experience	I will keep this review short since I don't want to be reminded of staying in this hotel but hope to warn other travellers. No-one should stay in this hotel while it is being renovated. The renovation is extensive and major. I was moved from the first room they put me in because it looked like a full-on building site (mud on the floor etc.), the second room was a lot smaller but ok - apart from the crane doing construction right outside the window. And the problem that there seemed to be no air conditioning so the windows had to be open.That was until I was woken early in the morning by so much hammering etc. that part of the ceiling fell in. The hammering continued for hours. The only positive thing I can say is that when I complained to the manager, he dealt with my complaint efficiently and promised compensation - unfortunately I am still waiting!	
Oct 18 2005 	Rude awakening	You almost need to write two reviews for this hotel. It is being refurbished and it's a building site at the moment. Don't think you can have a lie-in, the drilling starts at 7am. The new rooms are beautiful, the old ones are pretty grim. Despite being a regular, this time they gave me a stinky smoking room, which I gave straight back. They quickly gave me a better twin room but what's the point of registering my preferences if they ignore them? I like a double bed and a non-smoking room, but apparently that's too hard even if you've booked a month ahead. If you get a new room this hotel deserves 4 stars but the old ones are not good. And why do they have empty fridges?	
Sep 25 2005	Avoid the lastminute 'deal'	We booked our stay on lastminute as it was offered as a 'Top Secret' deal for a 5 star hotel. What they do not tell you is that the Radisson purchased this hotel last year and are currently upgrading it to 5 star standard. In other words, this will eventually be a 5 star hotel but until then, it is barely 2 star. I won't list the many problems we encountered over our 1 night stay as it would seem that we were fairly lucky compared to other peolpe's experiences. However, I feel that others should be warned that this is no where near worth the money you will pay and I would avoid it at all costs until the refurbishment is complete.In Radisson's favour, we did write to them directly and our complaint was dealt with quickly and satisfactorily.One further point: Radisson claim that if you are not happy and they cannot resolve your problem effectively, &quot;you won't pay&quot;. I have yet to see this promise fulfilled.	
Sep 20 2005	The nicest hotel I have stayed in for a long while	Booked through Last minute.com for a friday and saturday night. We got a wonderful deluxe room newly refurbished and very modern. The bathroom was beautiful and the bed was ever so comfy!! This hotel is in a fab location three minute walk to green park station 5 minutes from the Ritz and about 10 mins from picadilly circus. I would higky recommend and will hopefully be staying there again!	
Sep 12 2005	Don't worry about the reviews - we liked it!	After booking through the lastminute 'top secret hotels' section my heart sank when I referred to this website and read all the negative reviews. However, our stay was hassle free. Although it probably doesn't justify paying five star prices (we paid £99 per night) our room was large, clean and had a great bathroom. The air conditioning in the room wasn't working but they had already provided a huge fan which worked just as well. The best thing however is the location - if you're looking to explore London or meet up with friends in the centre then you can't go far wrong. I can't comment on the breakfasts but it's not necessary to eat or drink there - you are thirty seconds away from a multitude of cafes, bars and restaurants. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 12 2005	average	the hotel was being refurbushed when i went only a bit of the ground floor had so far been completed. had a room in the old side which was huge, huge bed, big bathroom , olden style decoration which isnt really my thing but it was definatly nice enough. i can see why it has had bad reiviews, breakfast was served in the bar cause there was no restaurant, the views from the back rooms are just of the rest of the hotel an the roof, generally it didnt have the detail of a high stared hotel,needs to improve a lot.	
Aug 28 2005	Definitely not 5-star standard .....	Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend away for my partner's birthday and was expecting 5-star luxury. Frankly, I was a little embarassed.The ground floor was part way through being renovated, with dust-sheets separating the reception area from the building work.The room itself was very tired and dated. The units were chipped, there were holes in the carpet and wallpaper, and the view looked out onto more renovation. Worse point was that the pillows that we were given were blood stained - very unpleasant!!The hotel was in a convenient, yet quiet spot, which should bode well for when it is completely renovated. But for now - avoid!!	
Aug 21 2005	Horrendous	Booked this hotel for 3 nights. We had booked a Superior King Size room and it looked a decent hotel on the internet. Going to our room we had to pass linen lying along the side of a corridor. My husband commented on the musty smell on the way to our room. When we entered the room it was tiny. How this could be rated as a five star hotel I will never know. The minibar in the room had 2 bottles of water and that was it. We asked for a smoking room and when we went to reception to mention this she said they would have to downgrade us to a standard room, and the minibar was not full because they were redecorating the hotel, what that has to do with filling a minibar I dont know. I would hate to think what a standard room would be like, if the Superior room was that small. We went downstairs and called the travel agency we booked the hotel through and requested they move us to the Conrad Hilton as we stayed there before and loved the hotel. We booked the Raddison as we like to see different parts of London when we go down. If you are looking for a superb five star hotel in London I recommend the Conrad Hilton, it is about 15 minutes in a taxi from the city, but the staff and service is fantastic.	
Jul 30 2005	Radisson Mayfair is not so bad!	Just returned from a one night stay. To be frank to bad reviews are not justified so long as you pay no more than £160 per night inc VAT. The rooms and corridors are faded but they will improve. The reception and first floor business facilities are first class.W have stayed in far worse for far more abroad. Be fair!	
Jul 19 2005 	Being refurbished but ok	I like this hotel. I have stayed at least 6 times in the last 6 months. The ground floor has been completed, so the reception/bar/resturant have all been done. The reception staff are ok. The bar staff are excellent, although it's not the cheapest, but it is in Mayfair!! The rooms are old, but once thay are brought in line with the rest of the Radisson group, they will be good. I have had a mixture of rooms, varying form the very large, to the quite small. 2mins walk from Green Park tube. 10 mins walk from Picadilly Circus. Overall, I would happily stay again.	
Jul 19 2005	The worst experience of my life. They should be banned	Never in my life I had such a terrible experience. These people should be banned by the Tourism or Hotel industry to do business. It is that bad.We changed rooms 3 times for different reasons and the manager lied to us for a 4th change.The first room had no working air conditioning and it smelled.The second room in the &quot;new&quot; work in progress area (yes, work in progress !) was OK for one day, that is, until it rained, because when we got back, it was also raining inside our room, in three different places ! After 3 hours of waiting and complaining (we were not the only ones), they finally moved us around 2 AM to the third room of our stay that had only a small bed and they promised to move us to another room the next day because that room was all they had that night. At 7:00 AM somebody just opened the door &quot;by instructions of the manager&quot; to see why was this room occupied. What !? Don't they talk to each other ? Inexcusable that the night shift manager did not communicate what rooms were used in the emergency. Inexcusable for the morning shift manager to send somebody to just open doors at 7 AM in the morning, without knocking and in a room with a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign, when she obviously knew that there were problems during the night.They then moved us to the fourth room of our stay, a very noisy room. We demanded to see the head manager and after listening to us, he offered to move us to a better and less noisy room (would have been the fifth), which we accepted and proceeded to pack for the fourth time. Of course, it did not happen. We were about to leave the hotel for sightseeing when the manager came to us and said that the deal was off! What ?! You just don't do that ! A manager can never back out of a promise, specially after what happened in the last days and after having made us pack, again.It did not ended here. When we checked out 3 days later (we could not move to another hotel), the system could never print out a final statement ! I had to review the charges from a screen and they had to write by hand a letter stating what they were going to charge to my credit card. First time ever.Oh, by the way, during our stay only one elevator (of two) was working.5 star hotel ? This is not even a one star hotel. I hope somebody with the power takes notice of all these reviews and closes the hotel until it is in a fully operable condition. My only concern here is the few good employees that they have. I hope they also give a warning to the owners as Hotel business people, and observe their operations closely.There were only three people in all our stay that really showed interest in us as customers and we thank them for trying. None of them were managers. Managers were always on the defensive and thinking on their personal or hotel interests first. That is a sure way to eventually lose their customers. The manager should have offered to not charge us for all of our stay, but he only offered one night. I will never, ever stay in a Radisson Edwardian hotel and will recommend to anyone to stay somewhere else.	
Jul 5 2005	Terrible experience don't go. You can't get a refund on the first/only night	We encountered a litany of problems with our stay, compounded by the fact that I had rung ahead and requested specific items as the stay was a birthday present which weren't arranged when we arrived.Rather than go into great detail about each item I shall bullet point them for you.•Upon booking I rang the hotel three times to ask to speak to the concierge and each time I was put though to an answer machine with a message stating that I would be called back after I had left a message. I did not and have not yet received a return call.•I then called again as I had not received a response and wanted to arrange for some roses, a bottle of champagne and a box of chocolates to be left in the room. The person I spoke assured me that this would be taken care of. I asked for a costing but was told that it wasn’t available until the day of our stay (we only booked the day before we arrived).•Upon arrival I checked with the check-in staff whether the roses and champagne etc were in our room at which time she looked at me blankly and turned spoke loudly to the other staff ‘anyone know anything about any flowers?’ so that my partner heard. They hadn't been arranged.We were then sent to our ‘5 star room’ to find the following;•A hard hat next to the bed •A filthy dirty hard hat behind the television•Plaster dust walked in all over the floor•Plaster ‘pebbles’ on the carpet•Damp smelly bedding (we touched it to see and could smell it from the ‘comfortable’ chairs)•The lighting was so poor that we could not read at all without an electric light on and even then the electric lights made it look like a hermits cell in India (except worse)•One of the bulbs had blown•Dust everywhere including covering all the surfaces•Staff wandering across scaffolding next to our windows•One of the telephones did not function•Black dirt in the bath•Freezing cold to the extent that we had to open a window to let some heat in except for the fact that a cleaner walked past (on the scaffolding of all things) and told us that we shouldn’t have a window open because it was dusty and things had been stolen using open windows.I telephoned reception to ask for another room and after approximately 45 minutes sat in the virtual dark a lady turned up with a key to a room that was at least light enough to read in so we decided to move. Unfortunately it was down a corridor that had exposed pipework and was filthy.It was such a nice way to spend a birthday that I decided to run a bath as soon as we got to the room. This was two hours after arriving.•When I ran the bath the water was bright yellow (dark urine colour if you must know)•The water contained large clumps of dirt after 10 minutes of running (under instruction from a cleaner)•I asked what was happening to a passing cleaner and she said that this was normal and not to worry•The tap fell off in my hand (it had obviously been broken for sometime as noticed but at the time I was too busy looking at the water)I finally managed to clean using the hand basin but couldn’t be bothered to complain anymore as we were late for dinner at this stage.•We then noticed that it was impossible to turn the air conditioner down and when we tried to change the settings it pumped out black smoke. •The air conditioning later kept us awake making a disgraceful noise We wouldn’t have had much sleep however because at 8.15 in the morning the following happened;•The cleaner knocked on the door (that had a do not disturb sign on it)•She knocked again at 9.00am (on a door that still had a do not disturb sign on it) and began crashing the trolley into it and the doors next to us.•At 10 o’clock as I had just got out of the bath she WALKED IN (without knocking on a door that still had a do not disturb sign on it) and upon doing so she shouted ‘I want to clean this room’. Checkout time was 12.00. This is all true. Please don't waste your money. I am in the process of talking to last minute, the hotel and the head office to get a refund and compensation. I have been lucky enough tot stay in other 5 star places. This place should be closed down until finished.	
Jul 4 2005 	Ruuuuuuunn!!!	I have never written a hotel review before but felt compelled to warn others and help prevent further disaster. This hotel is under construction. When you arrive, you will be given a choice between an old room in the old wing (mold, no AC, stained sheets etc) or in the new one, which is under construction. They will warn you (should you choose the &quot;new&quot; option - oh foolish one) that there are some &quot;glitches to be worked out&quot;. These glitches include scaffolding directly outside the window (we're talking men in hardhats staring you in the face pre-coffee and pre-clothing), construction that begins at dawn and other delights. You cannot open the blinds. You cannot sleep. You cannot help but notice that the room smells like poo. What they don't tell you about is the fact that periodically (read: when you try to shower) there is no cold water (only scalding hot), no working TV-movie service, no phone service to connect you to the front desk (yes, when you have a problem, you must get dressed and go down to the lobby to tell them and (drumroll, please) cockroaches! The staff will look at you blankly (if you get a good one) or condescendingly (if you get a mediocre one) or reproachfully (if you get a manager)I would rather sleep on the street than stay here another night. Actually, I would rather eat my own liver than stay here another night. In fact, I'm checking out in the morning because I have another 4 days in London and cannot imagine another day where I wake to the sound of hacksaws and concrete pounding into the ceiling above the bed. Do yourself a favor and resist any compulsion to stay here. You may be thinking, &quot;oh, it can't be that bad&quot; or &quot;it's just a few nights&quot; or &quot;this person must be fussy&quot; but NO - I assure you that I am not a finicky traveler. This year alone, I've been to Cuba, Africa - all over. I've stayed in some grim hostels. The difference is that an unhappy customer, anywhere else is listened to, sympathized with and serviced to the best of the staff's ability. The manager here, Ms. E, told me, &quot;It's up to you to find out these things out before you come&quot; Not only is this statement unacceptable, it's grammatically incorrect.Run. Run as fast as you can away from the Radisson Mayfair London. It won’t be fast enough.	
Jul 2 2005	Be very careful	I booked this hotel through Lastminute on their Top Secret hotels scheme. No wonder they were trying to keep this secret! The hotel, as previously noted in other reviews, is undergoing refurbishment. We had a problem in that the room we had been sold by last minute apparently was not available (a junior suite with jacuzzi bath). I have yet to find out whether this was a mistake on last minute's part or the hotel's, so I will reserve judgment on this. I am currently in discussions with Lastminute for a refund as I didn't get what I had bought. The hotel tried to offer us another room. There was a bit of a panic on as 7 other couples had experienced the same issue. We were firstly offered a newly refurbished room, which was very nicely done, but tiny. We rejected this. We were shown another room which was one of the old ones, with a stand-alone air con unit in it (with extension cables trailed across the floor). We were going to take this but then another couple walked in. We had been given their room in error.Eventually, the manager said he could get us into the Holiday Inn just down the road (walking distance). We said we'd look at the room. Essentially, we got an Executive King room with Holiday Inn - so we got our jacuzzi bath, but no suite. We took this as we were pushed for time - we had a show to go to and needed to freshen up. The staff at the Mayfair were very helpful. My two criticisms were that their offer of an inferior room with breakfast was a bit mean-spirited. Also, I would have hoped they would book us into a 5 star hotel, rather than the Holiday Inn. It appears that the refurbishment is causing them a lot of problems. They do seem to be overwhelmed by it, although doing their best to cope. Like another reviewer says, the hotel will be fantastic when finished. I would avoid it until then though.	
May 29 2005	Not Worth It	Hardly a 5-star hotel, I would put it more at 2-stars. First room we checked into had a bath, but no shower!Second room was not very clean, but we were exhausted and settled for it.Great location, but not worth the price or the trouble. This hotel is certainly noting special...wish I had found TripAdvisor.com before this stay. Did so on my return to London and was much happier at the Renaissance Chancery Court.	
May 25 2005 	Dump	This hotel is currently undergoing a major refurbishment programme and should really be closed whilst this is going on. I stayed in a room that was scruffy, well past its sell by date, and had a wonderful view of the building site outside. It was noisy until about 7.30 pm even with the windows shut.The refurbished public areas are impersonal and have no character. The lifts are the slowest I have ever encountered. I was on a B&amp;B rate but on checkout they tried to charge for breakfast again, as they did for a number of other guests - you need to be watchful.All-in-all my stay was not a pleasant experience. If you think you are going to a 5 star hotel, then think again, this hotel is currently not worth more than 2 stars.	
May 10 2005	Never Again	This hotel should be ashamed to call itself a five star hotel. This is at the very best an exageration. The rooms, hallways, and areas away from the reception are horrible, run down, and old. The water in our room was brown. The best uncomfortable. The rooms small even for london. The service is marginal at best. There are so many better more economical hotels. I will never stay in this hotel again.	
May 8 2005	Disappointing	We also booked via Last Minute and were guided to pictures of lovely rooms. Not in real life though. Firstly, when we got to our room the door wouldn't open and after 20 minutes traipsing up and down to reception, a work man finally sorted it out. The tea, coffee and mugs were missing and they had to be asked twice before it appeared. We had booked a 'deluxe' room, but were given a room that I am sure was a standard room. When I rang reception to check, they couldn't have been less interested.On the plus side, the bathroom was OK with a good sized bath and decent shower, and the bed was very comfortable.If you want something really special, as we did, don't go there, because it isn't.As another reviewer said, they are really damaging their reputation by putting guests into shabby rooms. We stay in hotels quite a lot, but this is the first and last time I will stay at a Radisson Edwardian and the first and last time I use Last Minute as they weren't interested either.	
May 2 2005	be prepared for the best or worst room!	i booked the hotel as a £99 bargain secret hotel, but now i know why! the first room they gave us had builders and workers outside the window! i felt like i was in a theatrical play with interactive audience! of course i asked for another room and they gave us a new one. the rooms in general might have been luxurious during the 60's but now they are just old smelly rooms.i guess we'll have to wait and see how it will be afte the works. that's all for the building. the staff although is great, ready to help you, very apologetic (probably they expect a lot of complaints) and especially the concierge guy is fantastic! another plus is the great location, you are just in the middle of everything!	
Apr 28 2005	Dump	I was sold this as a fantastic deal by lastminute. I wanted this to be special for my husband and myself. It was a dump with building work going on everywhere and our room may have been luxurious in the 1930's but not in the 2000's. What a dissapointment.If any Americans are coming over here for a vacation I feel ashamed of what our country has to offer compared to theirs. We paid £100 per night for this hotel. We have been to the USA and have paid $19 about £13 and have had far better hotels!!!!!!!!We have just returned from the west coast of the USA and would rather stay there than our own country any day.	
Apr 18 2005	Had a great room for the price .....	We stayed here on a last minute deal for £99 2 weeks ago. The staff were friendly, our room was great, reception was finished and we were not disturbed by any refurbishment work at all (it was a weekend though). We ignored the breakfast at £21 and ate round the corner on Piccadilly. So if you end up with this as your 'mystery hotel' from a last minute deal then, as we did, come onto this site and read all the dreadful reviews, don't worry!	
Mar 29 2005	It's getting better	I have just returned from a 2 day stay, after booking on Last Minute. I hadn't come across trip advisor until the morning of our journey, so was expecting the worst (tales of no lobby, plastic sheeting etc.) but was pleasantly suprised when we arrived. The lobby is now complete, the Bar is fantastic (the toilets are superb) the Amber Grill restaurant is also excellent, with warm and friendly waiters. The first room we were showed to was too warm and the windows didn't open...so we asked for a change and got a much nicer room, with a huge bed, and good size bathroom with a great shower. There was no mini bar, and no water in the fridge. Ok it's a bit run down, and there were no ice buckets in the ice room, but if you can get a cheap interent deal, go for it...I dread to think what the prices will be like when it's finnished!!! pus it's a great base for Bond St, Knightsbridge etc.	
Feb 28 2005	An utter disgrace	I stayed in this hotel recently and it was the worst hotel experience I have had in at least 10 years. The worst part is that the hotel is being refurbished but they are charging premium rates anyway. I don't think Radisson realizes the damage they are doing to their brand name by allowing the hotel to operate during renovation.To begin with, there was no lobby... forget that, there wasn't even a single chair to sit on in the reception area. Secondly, the room I stayed in does not need a &quot;renovation&quot;, it needs to be torn up and rebuilt from scratch. The furniture was in horrible shape, some of it torn, the safe was broken, some tiles in the bathroom broken.Need broadband access in the room? dream on! ok dialup? it can be done but the phone jack and the desk are 20 feet apart, forcing you to work on the floor on a carpet that hasn't met shampoo in about a decade. Want to get your mind off this hole by using the minibar? good luck, it was empty, except for a single bottle of water.Service of course was terrible because the staff expect you to be angry at them, they know and you know that you've been had. As I write this, I see at the top of the page a link for the hotel &quot;Great rooms from $297&quot; it says. Great rooms? er... not exactly! I felt insulted, and you can be insulted for a lot less than $297.	
Feb 25 2005	THIS IS NOT FIVE STAR HOTEL YET. Once renovations are completed perhaps but not now.	I had requested to be away from the construction noise, but unfortunately that put us in front, on a busy street in the PM. Refrig. did not work, room was worn, no heat in our bathroom, and cool in the room, despite turning the heat all the way up.Service/food selection in the makeshift bar was poor.Go when the renovations are completed. --The new decor is modern, starck/cold, particularly the bar. The new restaurant looked far more inviting.The new spa (just completed) looked fabulous.	
Feb 20 2005	Sleep in the Gutter it's Quieter	We stayed at this hotel last night 19 Feb and it's in a shocking state.Stear well clear unless you like loud road noise, dangerous electrics, empty minibars, tired shabby rooms, eating breakfast in the bar and a TV which turns itself on all night.The staff were plesant and appologetic but could not make up for the standard of the accomodation. Shocking.	
Feb 15 2005	steer well clear.....This is Barely a 3 star hotel	We stayed in this hotel in Dec 2004, and were quite honestly shocked at the state of this supposed 5 start hotel. Having paid over £160 for the night stay we expected a damn sight better than what we got. The room was old and tatty...bathroom was horrendous the basin would not even allow the water to drain.....the carpet was worn the windows were old and peeling and could hardly be opened...and generally was dirty.To top it off the staff were rude, the place looked and sounded like a building site and eventhough I complained I was offered no refund just a complimentary nights stay! At least thats something but in all honesty im not sure I would even consider staying there for free!! Steer well clear of this one you have been warned.	
Jan 25 2005	Wonderful	It is one star short because the hotel is being refurbished. I was desperately concerned when I discovered reviews after I'd paid upfront to treat my mum for her 60th to a night at this hotel.The original hotel reception area wasnt there sadly being refurbed. But the bar area was very chic and very comfortable.The hotel floors and walls were all typically 1920's. It was full of original charachter. The rooms were great. Again some reviews moaned about the old furniture. Antique I think is the word. Its all edwardian style. The bathroom was again original salmon marble floors and walls.If you love historical glory and period buildings you will love this place. If your idea of a stylish hotel is a conran designed travel lodge then you wont like this hotel.The staff were genuinely warm and helpful (and not fake and grovely like in the USA)We didnt have the hotel breakfast due to reviews here (and to be honest why bother having hotplate full english) In the heart of mayfair its not far to find somewhere for breakfast.	
Jan 23 2005	RADISSON EDWARDIAN MAYFAIR - A HOTEL FROM HELL	It was my birthday and we arrived at the hotel for a 3 night weekend break. We were hoping it would be relaxing. We had booked online at lastminute and were only notified about the works after we had made the reservation. We checked the information and it said that if we cancelled, we would lose our first night cost which equated to 125. We carefully read all the reviews on here and decided that seeing as most of them dated back to the first part of last year that it should of got better since then. Also, we are not snobs and dont stay in posh hotels very often and therefore thought that somebody elses opinion of awful would probably be our idea of luxury. Unfortunately we couldnt be further from the truth. It was diabolical. The worst hotel we have stayed in. It all started from the minute we arrived. The reception desk was still makeshift and service was slow and unorganised. I was quite surprised by this as i was of the opinion that it was a 5* hotel. We were told we were upgraded to a King Deluxe room and were told how to get there via the lift. The lift didnt work properly as the doors didnt work. Another surprise.On entry to our room, we were dreadfully disappointed, as it was nothing like the room in the pictures on the website. The supposed view of the city turned out to be looking at grey, dull walls of the back of the hotel. The room was tired. The Tv remote didnt work, the channels weren't even tuned in. The bathroom was also dated and stank of sewage. We ordered room service and it was cold and disgusting. The rooms were paper thin to the point where i could here them dialling reception next door (to complain nonetheless) and could also hear their mobile phone. All this was nothing compared to what happened the next morning. At 8.30am we were woken by very loud drilling and what sounded like someone with a sledgehammer knocking down the wall next door. It was honestly that loud!! We tried to put up with this and decided to get up early to head for the shops. Then the drilling got so loud we couldnt even hear each other talk or the televison. We rang down to reception to be told that someone would call us back. Half an hour later we rang down again and were told we could be moved later that day to an upgraded room. As i continued to get ready, my partner went down and complained about the room noise direct and said that we wanted a refund for our first night as it was awful. He was appointed to the 'House Manager' which we later found out to be just the 'Spa Manager'. Her name was Stacey and she promised us a refund of the first night when we checked out. On return to the hotel after a day shopping and sightseeing, we were given our new room keys and told that someone would bring our luggage along shortly. (despite the fact that our luggage was promised to be moved already for us to our next room)The second room was better but still very very dated and still nothing like the pictures on the website. The bathroom was very 70's and the room itself was freezing. When we started to get ready to go out that evening, i realised that all of the plug sockets in the room were so old fashioned that my straighteners could not be used in them. Or any electrical appliance we had brought along. (phone chargers etc) We rang down to reception and someone promised that they would bring us an adaptor. It never came. I went out in the end without doing my hair because of this. On check out, the refund we were promised never came to light. In fact the 'House Manager' on shift that day was just the 'Reception Manager' and could not authorise a refund. When questioned about 'Stacey' we were told that not only was she not in, but that she could not have authorised such a thing and that there was nothing she could do. There was noone in charge to speak to. Not happy with this we argued that we wanted our refund which had been promised for the awful stay that we'd had. She was very rude and her complaint skills were appalling. She threatened to call security or the police because we were not prepared to leave without the refund. We now have to wait for someone to contact us to discuss the refund!!!! If i was offered the chance to stay here free of charge, yet alone for 325, i would turn it down and take my business elsewhere. The relaxing break that we desired turned out to be hassle after hassle and complaint after complaint. We work 50 hour weeks and the last thing we needed was this. We strongly recommend everybody to never stay here. we are even trying to get 'Watchdog' involved it was that bad. It truly is a hotel from hell and i wish the hotel could be shut down. I have stayed in better 3* hotels. No way is it ever a 5*. In fact i wish someone could go and assess the hotel's real star rating. Do not stay here. Avoid it at all costs- even free!!!	
Jan 14 2005	Pleasantly surprised	I have just returned from a one night stay in this hotel. I was in London on business and I got a deal through lastminute.com for £115. It was one of their 'Top Secret' deals and I must be honest as soon as got the name of the hotel I do what I always do and checked it out in Trip Advisor.I was perturbed with all the appalling reviews and if it had not been a pre-paid booking I would have cancelled on the strength of the reviews alone (next time I do a secret booking I should read down to the small print - lastminute did mention the refurb but I neglected to read that far!). I also looked on the Radisson website and it does mention it there too.I rang the hotel before hand during the day and said that I was concerned about the refurb and I also mentioned all the awful reviews on Trip Advisor and requested a quiet room. She was very helpful and said I could have a room on top floor. When I arrived I was a bit nervous about what to expect but I shouldn't have been. Wonderful friendly doorman and nice staff. Yes it is being refurbished but it was all hidden away behind white painted boards. When I checked I asked how big room was and they said just a standard one (I knew this already) but if I wanted they would upgrade me to a king-size suite. I arrived at my room and it was simply enormous - comfy bed, Louis 15th style armchairs, robes etc - yes it is dated in terms of the decor but it was spotless. Huge bathroom, everything worked. A door led into another enormous sitting room with three sofas and another bathroom too. In fact I would say this set of rooms was bigger than my first flat!! It was a shame I was only there for one night.I had to meet clients in the evening and we went for dinner locally - recommend a brilliant Lebanese restaurant around the corner and then came back and had drinks in the new May Fair bar. This is a trendy place with sofas, discreet lighting, lovely bar but pricey. I think that this hotel will be quite an amazing place when completed - have stayed at another refurbished Radisson in Marble Arch and it was very stylish. It is in a wonderful location, right near Green Park tube and all the attractions of Mayfair. Maybe I was just lucky but I found that the calling ahead might have done the trick. I was only there for one night too. I didn't have breakfast and left around 11.00 and still hadn't heard any of the building work. So in terms of value for money, location, and the experience of staying in a huge suite, I am giving it an above average grading.	
Jan 1 2005	Horrible Expensive and you dont get Breakfast for £128!	This hotel is horrible and certainly not 5*! When my wife and I arrived at the hotel, there was no one to greet you on the door or inside the lobby to point you in the right direction of the makeshift reception desk whilst refurb is taking place.The check in staff were unfriendly and unhelpful, and one even had to get help from her supervisor as she didn't understand English very well?! The rooms are very dated with paper peeling off the walls, dirty stained carpets and battered furniture with doors missing off some cupboards.Fortunately our stay was only for 1 night, Unfortunately the £128 per night does not include breakfast as we found out the next morning, which after waiting 10 mins to be seated was an extortionate £31.00 for a not very nice almost cold English breakfast, without Tea or Coffee, as the staff, after requesting this simple task 3 times, could not be bothered to bring us any!Avoid the Continental breakfast too if you do end up staying here, the couple sat next to us were charged £19.50 EACH for a bread roll and a croissant.	
Dec 7 2004 	Mediocre hotel at top notch prices	I'm pretty familiar with the high hotel standards in Mayfair, but am disappointed to say that this hotel did not meet them. I stayed here early December and am pleased it was only for one night!Reading some of the earlier reviews I have to agree. Yes, there was refurbishment, and yes, I wasn't made aware of this when booking. As a consequence there was nowhere to sit in the lobby and it was freezing cold too. My colleague particularly suffered with traffic noise from his room.The rooms were quite nice - small, but that's often the standard for a hotel in this part of London. The seemed generally clean and tidy - the fruit platter was a nice touch.This hotel (which promises to look rather nice after the refurb) was badly let down by its innattentive and surly staff. I was made to feel unwelcome and that it was a bother even to try to check in.If you want a decent hotel in Mayfair I would try the Millennium hotel. If it is a Radisson you want, then the Edwardian in Covent Gardens is much nicer.	
Nov 22 2004	Do not automatically accept an upgrade	Was originally staying at another Radisson hotel (4*) but as it was overbooked we were asked if we would like to upgrade to the Mayfair which is 5*. This weeked away was organised for my beloved whose birthday it was so I wanted everything to be perfect. We were not told about the refurbishment work at all. On arrival the lobby was non existant (desks surrounded by plasterboard). Our room was ok but not a junior suite I would have given 5 stars to. The bed was huge. Our view from the window looked onto a building site (obviously the future leisure centre!) and the drills started at an early hour in the morning. The fan and the heated towel rail in the bathroom did not work. Breakfast was in the new Mayfair bar but did not justify the trendy surroundings. I would expect much better service from staff for 5*. On a positive note the staff were wonderful (particularly the doormen). The location is excellent, so near to everything. Looking at at the refurbishment plans the future hotel will be brilliant (if we can afford it then!) but it seems a long way in the future. For the present time if you want a fantastic hotel with wonderful personal service go to the Ruebens.	
Nov 8 2004	Excellent!!!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel on the 6th November 2004. We had a deluxe king size double room and cannot complain about it at all. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The bedroom and bathroom were both very clean. The bathroom is in need of refurbishment but this will be a fantastic hotel to stay in once completed. I was very worried when I read some of the other reviews about this hotel but they are completely unfounded as far as we are concerned. As this was our honeymoon weekend, the hotel very kindly sent us up a gift of wine and chocolates - a gesture which I thought was lovely.	
Oct 15 2004	Total rip off. Filthy room!	We stayed at this hotel for one night, on a &quot;special&quot; $300 US rate, at the end of a week long trip to London and Paris. The staff was quite unhelpful given the fact that the elevator was out of service, not offering to help us get our bags to our room. Our room, once we got there, was musty and mildewy and the bathroom was just plain dirty. The bed was more or less broken, with the headboard disconnected and rattling everytime either my husband or I rolled over. To make matters worse, when my husband complained via email to Radisson, the response ignored the filth and chalked the problems up to the hotel's prior owners. Stay away from this hotel... and from the service response we've gotten, I would suggest staying away from this brand altogether.	
Oct 9 2004	Needs TLC	When I originally booked this reservation, this property was stilll managed by Inter-Continental Hotels (the reservation for was 2 nights in July 2004). My husband has stayed at this hotel a few times and thought it was okay. To my dismay, when I called Inter-Continental hotels to reconfirm our reservation, the res agent did mention that the hotel was no longer managed by Inter-Continental and thought that Hyatt took over. Well, as we pulled up in front of the hotel, my jaw dropped open when I saw the Raddison sign in front. I looked at my husband and kids and said &quot;this should be interesting&quot;. The hotel had gone down hill. We had booked two rooms at the hotel and both rooms looked really tired and need to be updated. There was contruction work that was being done in the lobby that I thought was annoying and the fitness center was closed. The only good thing about staying here is that it's in the Mayfair district and we got an extremely good rate for these two rooms. Nevertheless, we won't be staying there again.	
Oct 4 2004	Don't book if you can help it - beware web photos !	Oh dear what a major disappointment. We booked from the Radisson web site. First problem - this is highly misleading. The site gives the impression a costly makeover is almost complete and that this hotel has smart modern bedrooms. A photo of a contemporary style &quot;standard room&quot; encourages one to think the &quot;superior room&quot; will be similar but smarter still. How naive - make no such assumptions.We arrived to find the reception area draped in polythene sheeting and the noise of heavy drills making conversations very difficult. On check in, we were informed we'd been upgraded to a suite. Mmmm, nice one, we thought. Heightening the sense of aniticpation, we opened the door to the room to find it a run down shabby 1970s style, albeit huge. Furniture was worn and wallpaper, curtains a disastrous orange and green combination. What a disappointment. We phoned the manager, who was extremely helpful, we have to say, to ask if we could revert back to the original booking of a superior room in a contemporary style, as promoted by photos on the Radisson web-site. Don't be misled as we were by the picture of the rather stylish &quot;standard room&quot; - apparently only 3 (three) rooms had been done up in this style to date (2nd Oct 2004). We felt this a deliberate misprepresentation by the company. Make your own judgement. We have nothing but positive things to say about the reception staff and management who were clearly embarrassed and must have a very difficult job to do at present. Luckily for us they arranged a move to another brilliant Radisson hotel in Covent Garden. It was the best thing they could have done.	
Sep 29 2004	Needs some TLC!	Like others have said, this should not pass as a five star hotel: rooms were very much in need of updating and the bar was just awful! New mayfair bar about to open and that looks very contemporary / fit for 5*. Only stay here during restoration if you are getting a cheap deal.	
Aug 28 2004	OK but aint 5 star	Recently stayed at the RE May Fair. Got a good deal from Lastminute, but was dissapointed by this so called 5 star hotel.It is curretly being renovated (which lastminute didnt tell me on their 'amazing' offer!) so hopefully the 5 star image is being hidden! The bed was good and the room was clean. The decor was very tired, prompting me to think it hadnt be upgraded since the early 90's. The ventilation was poor (and rattled at the higher speed settings), but it wasnt warm, so to me it wasnt an issue. The bathroom was minute (?) and there were water stains on the sealing. But altogether clean.Restaraunt was fine for breakfast and the staff were nice.We have stayed at the R.E. Grafton which had been refurbished and was much nicer, though the location wasnt as good.In summary:1. Good Location and restaraunt good.2. Tired room with poor air con3. Small bathroom4. Currently under refurbishement, with what looks a long way to go!To be honest I would have rather stayed at a Holiday Inn (this is hard for me to admit) - at least the standard is constant!	
Aug 23 2004	Great Location but buyer beware!	We went to this hotel although I wasn't sure based on the varied reviews of it. It is currently under renovation so half or more of the lobby is shut off. Please be sure to ask for a renovated room, we received three of the old rooms and where not impressed, the rooms are spacious but noticably run down and the a/c did't always work... Also the rooms towards the courtyard have a &quot;view&quot; of tons of metal &quot;junk&quot; (maybe this is only during the renovation).The staff is friendly albeit not as professional as one would expect from the price (we paid 160 pounds per room), this is not true for the restaurant staff who appear to be first rate. In general it felt rather run down and over priced but again, you can't beat the both quiet and central location. Great deal for 100 pounds, for 160 or mote you can probably do better.	
Aug 20 2004	Nice unattended rooms: unbeatable location	Despite the terrible reviews, I have stayed in the Mayfair hotel for 7 nights. It is a huge place (800 bedrooms) and it has not been taken care of, but it is not awfully bad. I was expecting the worse. True, the quality/price is totally unreasonable, especially at the moment (they are going through a renovation and the spa/swimming pool is unexistent). From my experience, the room was nicely decorated, bright and small but decent size, with a terrace you could reach jumping through the window, the lighting was obsolete but i never had problems and the air conditioning worked alright. Enough plugs and a small but not tiny marble bathroom. I asked for a room with a king size bed instead of the twin they offered me at first and it was very comfortable.My complaints: The way the staff attends calls is disorganised (they forward you to different sections and you don't get anywhere), the concierge is never available and not that useful, the food could be improved, breakfast is only served until 11am in the room service, the minibar contains beverages but no snacks (apart from a kit kat and pringles) and many of the things were somewhat old (check the best before dates). In this sense I would recommend the Regency Churchill: very nice, very efficient staff, terrific food, real 24 hour room service (that is, freshly baked pastries all day long).However the location of the Raddisoon is simply outstanding: there is the green park tube station in front of it, a marks &amp; spencer supermarket right next to it, a pharmacy round the other corner, and Piccadilly one block away with many restaurants, bars, shops and Green Park. Fortnum and Mason within a 10 min. walking distance through the beautiful arcades. Indeed very tempting.	
Aug 11 2004	useless staff	We booked a stay at another Radisson london hotel but were upgraded to the Mayfair as the previous hotel was over booked.The first problem was that due to my asthma I needed a non-feather pillow. I rang down to housekeeping at 6pm and they said they'd bring one up. When we returned to the hotel room at 11pm there was no sign of the pillows. I rang to reception and they said they'd look into it and get back to me. Half an hour later I rang down again and they said that they couldn't get any. I rang back and asked if they could try one of their other hotels in the area and he said he''d look into it and get back to me. Half an hour later I rang again and they said they couldn't get any.During the night I was woken at 2.30pm by really loud reggae music. Half an hour later my friend was woken by the music also and we figured out it was coming from the next room. We rang down to reception who said they'd look into it. Ten minutes later we rang down again and they said they'd look into it. Ten minutes we rang down again and they said they'd look into it. Ten minutes later we got up got dressed and went down to reception and asked them to look into it and said we were disgusted we'd had to put up with the noise for so long. Ten minutes later someone rang next doors door bell several times, no answer so they went away. Then five minutes later the telephone rang next door for several minutes. then someone came up again and rang the door bell several times. This eventually worked and the music was turned off. I don't mind if there is a problem that hotel staff can't fix and they've done everything they can but I don't appreciate being fobbed off by staff who are too lazy to do anything. Being kept awake for over an hour and a half ruined our weekend as we were too shattered the next morning to do anything. When we complained on check out they waived our bar bill of £20 (two cocktails plus tips) but I really wouldn't recommend that anyone stays here.	
Aug 10 2004	Miserable Time at the hotel	In short do not go there!!!!! Especially during the summer ---- you will regret it!For reference, I booked two rooms last year at the Grafton. The rooms had problems and so the staff moved us to the Mountbatten. It was during a heat wave in August of last year. The rooms at the Mountbatten were well airconditioned. Mountbatten is a jewel!We just arrived from a two night stay at the Mayfair. I had booked two rooms. The weather in London was hot but not as hot as last year. The hotel airconditioning does not work. We had a miserable stay. The rooms would not cool down properly. My room airconditioning was barely adequate. My daughter's room would not cool down. Since the hotel was fully booked, they were only able to switch my daughter to a cooler room on the last night. One out of three people that we met at the hotel had similar complaints about the airconditioning. When we were checking into our room, another hotel guest in the adjoining room was also checking in and requested to feel the airconditioning in our room because they were also voicing their complaints that their cooling was not working.To be fair, the hotel staff informed me that there was renovation occurring at the hotel. They also used the excuse - &quot;the hotel is old and the airconditioning cannot cope&quot;. The truth is: it is old and it smells musty at least in my room and my daughters room. The electrical plugs were of the old type. My UK adaptor would not work on it. Being older rooms, there were no spare outlets to plug a laptop. All the outlets were used for the lamp lighting. And talk about lighting, when we checked in, one lamp had a missing light bulb and the bathroom had an overhead bulb that was burned out. We reported this and the overhead bulb was not replaced until the next day. The builtin hairdryer gave up on our second night stay.The hotel staff were trying to as helpful as possible. I have no complaints about them. The night manager personnally helped find a cooler room for my daughter. Nothing could be done about getting a cooler room for my wife and me. He gave a discount for the inconvenience. The staff are true soldiers fighting a losing battle dealing with complaints about the cooling from customers like me. They do have a good full breakfast buffet. But so does any other Radisson.A plus - Sainsbury is next door - across the street. A good place to get snacks/groceries/drinks.The hotel is broken and needs fixing. It gives Radisson a bad name.	
Jul 23 2004	Have Stayed at the Mayfair Hotel A Lot	We have stayed in the hotel many times when it was an Intercontinental and once since Raddisson bought it. We love the hotel because of the staff, the location, and they almost always upgrade if available. There are air circulation problems with some of the rooms. Last spring we were in a room with no air circulation and they found a fan for us. Without the fan, we would have moved hotels. It was that uncomfortable. The phone charges are absurd and if you need to connect to the internet for any length of time (like to work!), you are better off spending more for hotel with high speed at a flat rate.	
Jul 21 2004	Hotel was fine - don't be put off!	I booked the hotel through lastminute - it was one of their special deals where you don't know which hotel you're staying at when you book. When I found out the name and checked out the reviews on this web site I immediately considered cancelling. I was unable to find anything else so we went ahead but I was very aprehensive. We paid 99 pounds a night so I wasn't expecting much. On arrival, the staff were friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and there was a huge bathroom. Everything was clean, the bed (despite others' comments) was fine. I am normally quite fussy about hotels but please don't be put off staying here - what is described as 'old' furniture made me think it would be tatty, but it wasn't - the wardrobes were original 1920s - it had a really quaint feel about it and has been very well maintained - this is a great hotel for someone who is bored of the characterless 'chain' style hotel decor. The bathroom was massive - marble throughout and clean. The mini bar prices were far too high - but you don't need to use it - Sainsbury's is across the road! I can understand that people may have very high expectations of a 5 star hotel and I agree that I've stayed in better 5 star hotels and I would definitely rate it a 4 star - but for price and the location - you cannot complain!	
Jun 28 2004	Avoid rooms at the front of the hotel	We stayed at the Mayfair last Saturday. The rooms are nice but it is a very noisy location. We were woken several times by people coming out of nearby nightclubs and the noise from the traffic in the morning was also very loud.	
May 25 2004	Not Five Stars now but there is hope	This is definitely not a five star hotel at present, but the room rate was about half what you would expect to pay for a five star, and included a full English breakfast. The location is as good as you can get in London - a block from the Green Park tube, and within walking distance of almost everything. We stayed during late May, 2004. Radisson took over the hotel fairly recently, and have just embarked on a major renovation, which is due to be completed in 2006. While we were there the lobby bar and the fitness center were being renovated - due for reopening in July. The rooms (and we saw three, see below) were fairly large for London and clean, but had clearly seen better days; furnishings were OK, but a bit worn, and the bathrooms looked like they hadn't seen much renovation in the last twenty years. On the positive side, the staff were professional and courteous, getting us into a room early without charging for an extra night (try doing that in a US hotel). The breakfast buffet was excellent, as was the restaurant service. On the negative side, the air conditioning in our first room wasn't working properly, so we had to move rooms - the first room that we were moved to didn't have a chest of drawers, so we were moved again, and upgraded to a larger room with an extra half bath. Also, one of the two guest elevators went out of commission on a Friday evening, and was not working for the entire weekend. We would stay there again, but I suspect that their room rates will be going up after the renovation is complete.	
May 12 2004	Better than I expected	I read the reviews on Trip Advisor and was concerned that the hotel would be a big disappointment considering the high price. As it turned out, we were very pleasantly surprised. The lobby is a bit plain, but the rooms were very large, and extremely comfortable. We booked two rooms, and without asking the hotel provided adjoining rooms. The staff were pleasant, but not outgoing. I'd rate the hotel as four stars, not the five stars they advertise. Great location. I'd definitely stay again.	
May 11 2004	Loved it!	We loved the Radisson Edwardian May Fair Hotel (originally the MayFair, a historic hotel. It was recently bought by the Radisson chain, and after reading the other reviews, I was a little hesitant about it. We've stayed at the Omni Mark Hopkins, in San Fransisco, the Fairmont Chateau chains in Canada, so we are familiar with top notch hotels and service. I think there will be a little turnover of some of their long time help, unfortuately. They aren't keep their promises and pension to them. But...very well appointed- we had a corner top floor room, so we had 2 bathrooms, one for myself and one for my husband. That worked out very nicely! The room was large for England's standards, with a couch, 2 chairs, a desk (no computer hook-up though), and a king-sized bed. The lighting in the bathrooms were great for putting on make-up, and they had a magnifying mirror to help out too. The weekend help left a lot to be desired, they forgot to call us for our routine call on a Sunday morning, when we REALLY needed it to catch a tour from another hotel. We barely made it in time, and told the staff, but I don't think that will change! Although, they are very friendly, but not trained in the matter of a 4 or 5 star should be. The location to everything was FABULOUS! There's a Green Park tube within a block, and you can walk to some of the best restaurants in the city, within a few short blocks too. Buckingham Palace and the parks are all within a short reach. I would stay there again. 	
May 3 2004	Stay away!!!	We stayed at this hotel in April 2004. The experience was a total disappointment. At booking, I had confirmed that we would have 2 queen beds in the room; when we arrived, we were told that at our rate, we could only have 2 single beds. The 1st room they put us in wasn't even worthy of a 3-star property, much less an alleged 5-star (dirty, disgusting carpet, woodwork with chunks missing, saggy beds...). I was then moved to a room with a king bed. Still low quality (decrepit twin wicker headboards crammed together at the top of the bed, decaying leatherette chair at scruffed, worn-out desk, ...), but better. The problem came at night: the street noise outside was SO loud we thought the windows were open. No, they weren't, they just have no soundproofing whatsoever. Finally they moved us to an inner room (overlooking an ugly service/trash area) which was nicer, though still with paper-thin walls to the adjoining rooms. Overall, I am appalled that this hotel can call itself a 5-star property; that insults all of London's great hotels which deserve the title.	
Apr 22 2004	Great location and special staff	I found this hotel value for money with a high dollar that was important. The staff were very friendly and the doorman was our friend in London. The concierge staff under Bill were always there to help. A Big Big Thank you	
Mar 28 2004	They'd given away our room so I didn't ge the chance to find out	My husband and I turned up on Saturday night to check into our 'superior double room' to find that the hotel had overbooked and didn't have a room for us. The French duty manager was singularly unapologetic. They eventually offered us a room in a sister hotel miles away or, as a most attractive option, a single room which they were somehow going to stuff us both into. We declined. The doorman was delightful and the bar staff seemed more embarassed at out plight than either the receptionists or the duty manager.	
Mar 19 2004 	Oldfashioned but the location is great	I was treated very well, the receptionist were friendly, but the hotel and room quite oldfashioned with clear signs of heavy use. I had a deluxe size room, which was very spacious, but looking at the fire escape map one could see that the average rooms were not really big. The location is great, and just walking one could go everywhere in the centre. And yes, the prices of the minibar were out of this earth...	
Mar 16 2004	Crap	5 star. Nowhere near. Impolite staff, shower set of the fire alarm in the morning, ?35 to park your car for a day, decor nothing special and to top it all off -a fictional mini bar charge. Go somewhere else.	
Mar 5 2004	Bad Hotel Great location	The staff, specially the concierges were unhelpful. Can you imagine a concierge that could not get a Valentine?s day dinner reservation ANYWHERE in London with 24hs in advance? We got better off by calling one of our top choices ourselves. The room was spacious but needs urgent renovation. The location is great, and there?s a great supermarket right outside the main entrance.	
Jan 26 2004	A big let down	My boyfriend and I booked a night at the hotel for a treat and to have a little break. My disappointment started from the minute I walked in. I found the reception staff not particularly friendly. But the worst bit was when I walked into my King size deluxe room. My face dropped (and believe me I am not a particularly overly fussy person) the first thing I noticed was a picture missing from the wall (ceiling to floor) which left a huge mark and nail holes, clearly visible. I then looked at the bed which was..no other way to explain it, SUNKEN in the middle. The bathroom was TINY and had little black marks all over the tiles (which I tried to wipe away in case it was dried blood or something but they wouldn't budge) these could have easily been painted over. The movie choice was limited to what day you were staying and to certain times, stupid really. One of the other things that really bugged me was the lift button to go down didn't work so anytime I wanted to go down I had to press the up and ask those in the lift to send it down or use the stairs (which is fine by me but I could have had an injury that prevented me unless in an emergency) when I mentioned it to a member of staff in the hall way he just shrugged his shoulders and smiled...I would NOT recommend this hotel.	
Jan 5 2004	excellent location	The location of the hotel is excellent. My room (at the seventh and last floor) was rather large: on the contrary the bathroom was small (not tiny) and not very good. The hall is elegant, even if not very large. The breakfast is satisfactory. Perhaps 5 stars are too many, but the overall opinion is undoubtedly good.	
Dec 9 2003	No complaint but...........	I went with great expectations as the name and location speaks for itself. I was disappointed from the start with no one to greet me at the door or help with luggage. No one member of staff smiled and 'made my day' which is what a 5 star experience is supposed to be about. The room was huge and the beds were fantastic. The bathroom, as with so many London hotels, leaves a lot to be desired - clean but old and showering with a shower curtain glueing itself to my body is not fun. Thrilled to have tried it but have not bothered since, nor will again. Hopefully now the hotel has been taken over (only just happened a week before my stay) things will improve and give that 'feel good' factor.	
Nov 30 2003	Old fashioned disappointing hotel	I was in London for a weekend few days ago, and we decided to get a room in this hotel. It seemed to be ok on the web site, but the actual room was so old and old-deco I would not book the room if knew about this. They moved us to another room due problems with the AC system, so we got a bigger room on floor 1, windows faced a brik wall and pipes (Ive read this also on some reviews before) On the other hand I have to admit the hotel is perfectly located. Im neutral about the service. I would NOT repeat this hotel, I would try other with the same rate (150 pounds)	
Nov 4 2003	very satisfied great location	We returned from London on Oct. 29, 2003 after staying this hotel.We were very satisfied with the hotel and the convenient location.If you are used to hotels like the Fairmont, Mark Hopkins, Sir Francis Drake, and Hilton in San Francisco, you will feel comfortable in this hotel.If you are used to staying at newer hotels in the U.S. like Marriott, Renaissance, Sheraton, you may feel that this hotel seems old.We were very happy with the accomodations, bedding, furnishings, and spacious bathroom.The internet access in the business center was very good.The staff was as good or better than many U.S. hotels.The location was very convenient to the grocery store, drug store, sandwich shops, the tube, and fine restaurants.There was some noise from a club across the street, but not bad for a large city.	
Oct 20 2003	Fabulous location. Great Hotel	The Mayfair Intercontinental was taken over by Radisson Hotels about a month or so ago.My husband and I went to London for 5 days this month and stayed at the Mayfair Radisson. The location is fabulous. You are in walking distance to many tourist sites, restaurants, and shops. The hotel may not have been a true top notch 5 star, but it was very nice. Our room was very pleasant, staff was very accommodating, and the business center was easy to access. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 14 2003	Certainly Not 5 Stars	We drove up to the entrance of the hotel and expected to be approached by someone to park the car (Valeted Parking) this didn`t happen so parked illegally outside the hotel. When we asked we were told &quot;Oh we don`t have any parking ,you have go round the corner to the Holiday Inn&quot;. Then when we tried to take our bags (no porters offered)to our rooms. &quot;You`re not thinking of leaving it there&quot; the Concierge rudely called to us. Talk about making us feel really small. The rooms were adequate but certainly not luxury - our supposed Superior king sized bed was a very regular double size. The windows were double glazed but the Saturday night revellers outside kept us awake until about 3am. The receptionists seemed harrassed and unfriendly(apart from the pleasant girl who checked us in). The 10m swimming pool beckoned ,disappointment - it was really cold and very cloudy. Quite a nice little gym though. We had booked dinner for 7pm in the Hotels Opus 70 Restaurant. I was not expecting anything great by this stage.... surprise surprise it was Excellent! Friendly and welcoming with very good food. We had a wonderful Anniversary dinner and our 2 girls (10 and 15) were made to feel really special. Mustafa was our waiter and he was humorous chatty and friendly. I had seared scallops with spinach and breast of guinea fowl wrapped in bacon.The girls had steak and Chicken Breast My partner was slightly less enthusiastic about the Sea Bass . Puddings were superb Warm chocolate tart with pistacho ice cream -gorgeous. As I had booked with Lastminute we got 50% off the food. Excellent value and a memorable evening that helped us forget the hotels weaker points!	
Aug 28 2003	Rude prejudice and unhelpful.		
Aug 13 2003	Nice rooms decent price polite staff		
Aug 13 2003	Quite pleased		
Aug 4 2003	Very Comfortable		
Jul 25 2003	Nice but dated		
May 23 2003	Nice service		
Apr 25 2003	great location drab room		
Apr 25 2003	Loved the Mayfair		
Apr 8 2003	Staff is unfriendly		
Feb 23 2003	Disappointing		
Nov 21 2009 	Un hotel estupendo		
Nov 5 2009 	mauvais rapport qualité / prix		
Nov 4 2009 	Me encantò el hotel		
Nov 4 2009 	Une adresse à retenir		
Oct 23 2009 	Fantastico		
Oct 12 2009 	perfecto si la perfeccion existiera		
Oct 8 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità e prezzo		
Oct 1 2009 	impeccable		
Sep 19 2009 	Tolles Haus toller Service		
Sep 5 2009 	??????		
Jul 16 2009 	ma ci faccia il favore!!		
Jul 13 2009 	Bestr Lage - Schöne Zimmer		
Jul 10 2009	Kurzaufenthalt		
May 22 2009 	bruit insupportable à éviter		
May 11 2009 	TRES BON ACCUEIL		
Mar 20 2009 	Sempre il migliore		
Mar 4 2009 	Luxe et volupté pour cet hôtel		
Feb 27 2009 	pratique comfortable et efficace		
Jan 11 2009 	hotel insuperable		
Nov 25 2008 	Très bon hôtel bien placé.		
Sep 5 2008 	Stylish??????????????????????		
May 5 2008 	Caro pero muy bueno		
Jan 5 2008 	hotel di design in ottima posizione		
