	Works for Me	This is trip #5 to London for me in the past 3 years and out of all 5 hotels in which I have stayed, I feel the Strand Palace works the best for me. Booked a package through Air Canada Vacations and got a very reasonable rate including breakfast. I was assigned a standard single room which was small like so most London hotel rooms in this price range, but it was clean, comfortable, functional and home for 8 days and nights. No complaints at all. Location is great with an easy walk to central London attrractions and the hotel is within a 5 minute walk to 4 tube stations (Embankment, Charing Cross, Temple and Covent Garden). Lots of cheap and fast eats handy as well as some great dining and theatres. The hotel breakfast was pretty standard English breakfast fare served fresh and hot. Seemed that a there was only a wait on weekends. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the doormen on the Strand were very welcoming. Overall the hotel rates well for value for price. I would stay here again.	
Nov 26 2009 	never stay there again!!!	we stayed at the strand for 5 days and have decided to pay high extra fee to upgrade our room as the ones assigned at our arrival was old, dirty, small, no maintenence made! When we go down to the reception, we were welcomed by an unfriendly stage that show us othe 5 rooms worst then the first given! at the end he said: &quot;ok, you can upgrade your room and pay an extra cost and this is the only way to get a better room!!!&quot; I reply: &quot;no comment at all&quot;. we decide to pay as it was after midnight and were very tired and no manager was on duty at that time.the days after I asked to speak to a manager but for 3/4 times, this &quot;ghost-manager&quot; was in a meeting!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	The Strand Palace is the PERFECT place to stay in London!	We had a wonderful week's stay last week at the Strand Palace, as we love to explore London the hotel is perfectly placed right on the Strand, minutes from Trafalgar Square, Whitehall, Embankment, etc etc.  The room on the 1st floor was brand new, VERY clean, very comfortable and modern decor.    The staff in all departments could not have been more helpful, my husband has some walking difficulties and nothing was too much trouble for the staff when it came to helping us.   English breakfast was very good indeed, a great little coffee shop and excellent Carvery.    Boy! are they efficient there! If only all hotels could be like this.  If they can do it ........       We will definately be back to the Strand Palace for our annual week in London next year.  A big Thank You, well deserved!	
Nov 25 2009 	excellent friendly welcoming hotel	On arrival you are greeted by the doorman, the reception area is very spacious and clean. We stayed in a club room which was a fair size and very comfortable everything you needed for your stay (the complimentary bottle of wine provided was an added bonus for our anniversary). All of the staff we dealt with were very friendly and polite. Both of the restaurants we used were excellent and the food was to a very high standard. The bonus of this hotel is that it is only a few minutes walk from the tube station and most of the theatres also in good reach of the shopping areas and markets.I would definitely use this hotel again in the future 10/10.	
Nov 24 2009 	Small rooms huge hotel....very old	I stayed at this hotel 2 days by the roundway from the East Horsly.My room (standart - old and ugly) wasnt ready....and the staff gave me superior room.... Hotel is like a labyrinth....doors, doors, doors (more that 700 rooms in a hotel)....and not modern. Superior room are good...but small and have problems with noise insulation - you are filling as in the middle of the Strand street (hopely my rooms window looked not to the strand street, but it was too noisy......filling like not in room....window frame are old and woody...And many homeless people around....not comfortable late evening...cose bars and shops put all food which wasnt sold on this day directly to the street....not good - if they want to help people thay wouldnt put food there...By the way...I always stay in City Inn Westminestr....but is was business trip and my company booked it....I never....City Inn my choice!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great except for expensive wi-fi	The Club room, by British hotel standards was great. Of course, no bar fridge, but it was spacious with a good bathroom (and uncomplicated shower). And position! Central London seems so small from here, use the Hotel as a walking base. Nearby are the London Eye,Convent Garden, Soho, Trafalgar Sq. (then Admiralty Arch, Pall Mall and Buck House), the Embankment takes you to Houses of Parliament + Westminster Abbey. Charing Cross underground is 5 mins away, and theatres are all around. The consierges are really helpful. Breakfast is not just varied, but a vision in logistics: if you have to wait, it is not for long. Complaint: we stayed in B&amp;Bs across Britain, all with free in-room wi-fi. Not here, they give you a free hour in the lounge, after that you pay an extortionate price, there or in your room. Solution: go to Starbucks nearby, it's free; but why should we have to at these rates? Like EVERY other hotel I've stayed at in the world, they wash all laundry every day in spite of asking us not to.	
Nov 22 2009 	Poor maintenance level great location	Hotel was old and not very well maintained. We had to switch room twice (once we had problems flushing the water in the toilet, once we could hear people snore in the next room). Rooms are very small.Location is great, nothing else we can say is positive.	
Nov 18 2009 	Position is the only reason to stay here	The Strand is like a million other hotels, to me there is nothing really to make the hotel stand out. I chose it for its convenience for business meeting in the morning and the West End in the evening.One tip if you do stay here, skip the hotel breakfast and book in over the road at Simpsons, it still one of the best place in London to have breakfast. Even if you are visiting us from another country, Simpson's is so British you;ll be glad you tried it.	
Nov 17 2009 	This must be the best location in central London	The location of the Strand Palace is ideal for visitors bent on leisure or business with the City and law to the east and theatreland on the doorstep.Buses on the Strand seem to reach every part of London, tube stations are fairly handy and there is a constant supply of taxis .The hotel has been brought up to date, the restaurants are good and plentiful. It has everything we need in a hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Strand Palace better than ever!	I have stayed at this hotel for over twenty years. Until the recent refurbishment it had become tired and I had moved up the Strand to the Waldorfe Hilton. However it is now better than it has ever been. My wife and I have stayed there twice this year and have been very pleased on both occassions. The club rooms are well furnished and comfortable. The breakfast is good and the general ambience of the hotel warm and welcoming. A comfotable hotel of a good standard, with helpfull service and good value for money in a premier location.James. Yorkshire, England.	
Nov 17 2009 	Fantastic	Excellent value for money. Rooms beautifully prepared and refurbished, nothing too much trouble, staff friendly, treated like royalty. Fantastic to stay in a hotel with a tophatted doorman for that price. And so convenient for theatreland. We only happened to mention as an aside that it was our daughter's 16th birthday (the purpose of the trip) and a card and bowl of fruit were delivered to her room.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Location	The Strand Palace offers a decent hotel in a great central London location, ideal for visiting Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square and for the West End. Having stayed in some dives in my time around Paddington and Bayswater this was a very pleasant surprise and not one that I needed to break the bank to experience. I stayed while visiting the London film festival but would say that the primary focus is business travellers (with cheaper rate single rooms) and overseas tourists. I was amused to be asked to provide my passport details on arrival as I was assumed to be from overseas. In respect to overseas visitors the hotel is pretty shameless in increasing its revenue stream. If you forget to bring any toiletries with you don’t use the overpriced vending machines if you don’t have to. There is a Superdrug and a Boots on the Strand just minutes walk away from where things will be much cheaper. The hotel itself has quite a bit of character and some elegance about it. The rooms are clean and comfortable and come with the extras you would expect. For a large hotel I also found it to be unusually peaceful away from the lobby area even though the hotel was busy. The buffet breakfast was good and well organised but generally service was a little impersonal; as I would expect with a large hotel and isn’t something that personally bothers me. The hotel also has a decent looking restaurant (which I didn’t visit) and 3 bars which are convenient but nothing exceptional.One slight bugbear is that you need to pay to store bags after check-out which is something I would usually expect to be provided as a courtesy by the hotel. Having said that it was only £2 per item and I did only have one bag but larger groups with more baggage might have a nasty last day surprise. Overall though the hotel is recommended and you could do a lot lot worse in London within the same price range. I have already booked to stay again early next year to see a show with my girlfriend and would have no hesitation in making the Strand palace my preferred choice for trips to the capital.	
Nov 14 2009 	good price for London excellent location	I came to London and it turned out I had no place to stay, so I had to find sth ASAP. Strand Palace was actually the only one that had free rooms so I didn't have much choice.The hotel itself is quite scary, enormous (i guess that's why they usually have free rooms) and dark, for me it looked like the kingdom hospital from von Trier's movie. Nevertheless as for London it is affordable and its location just perfect. Rooms are small but the bathroom is ok, breakfasts are really good but make sure to wake up early enough as the queues to get the table are big.Anyway - being in London you don't spend too much time in your room. So clean bathroom, bed and nice location are all you need. This hotel has it all	
Nov 13 2009 	LocationLocationLocation	We stayed here for 9 days in Oct. and could not have been happier. After booking room 6 months ahead, and then reading several negative reports, I was apprehensive about my decision. From the time we arrived at the hotel until we left ,it was one outstanding experience. Staff could not have been more helpful or friendly, everytime you passed a staff member it was always a smile and a hello.We were in a club king room,facing the Strand which was a little noisy at first, but was not a bother after the first night. The room was surprisingly large and very nice and the bathroom was plenty large and had a great shower/tub combo. The full English breakfast every morning was superb and plentiful, The other restaurants were also very good, again with outstanding staff members. Hotel is within walking distance of almost everything . All in all the stay was very pleasant.	
Nov 12 2009 	Not my most enjoyable stay in London but an amazing location.	The Strand Palace did not live up to my expectation. We arrived very early into London after 24 hours flying from Australia. As our arrival was so early we had pre-booked an early check in so that we could freshen up and hit London. The first hiccup was that they couldn't find our reservation, even though we booked it directly with the hotel and were holding the confirmation email. Then, the credit card that we used for a guarantee rejected but was accepted 20 mins later (yes that’s how long we stood at Reception waiting to be checked in.) On arrival in the decent sized room for London standards, I tried to find how to turn the air conditioning on as the room was very hot. I was shocked to find that the way to cool the room was by a tiny fan. So, we rang reception to see if we could be moved to an air conditioned room, which is when we found out that no rooms have air con and we were already staying in the highest category. Even though the bathroom was tiny, it was clean and well appointed. We only attempted breakfast in the hotel on one day as we were totally put off by the very terse greeter. The staff in the breakfast room were much nicer as they were helpful, efficient and smiling. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It’s on the Strand, opposite the Savoy Hotel, not far from Charing Cross station, right behind Covent Garden and amongst Theatres. Buses are on the doorstep, Charing Cross is about 400m away for British Rail trains and the Underground (Bakerloo and Northern lines)and Covent Garden Underground is about 500m away (Piccadilly line).	
Nov 12 2009 	A very comfortable stay in the best location good service and friendly staff.	The Strand is in a good location, staff are very friendly and are at your convenience, a very comfortable stay, highly recommended.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Hotel 	Stayed here for 7 days and it was brilliant. The staff, amenities, location everything. Make sure you book a club room. For London the rooms are great.	
Nov 11 2009 	Disappointed	After our 4th stay here we were given Room 407, which is rated a Club Room. This is a small (smaller than usual!) corner room so that the desk is 1/2 the size and there is no table by the arm chair which is under the wall mounted TV and proves a challenge when getting up out of the chair. The room is also very noisy even with the windows and wood panels closed. You also have to ask for the bath robes from Housekeeping. Tip of the day - don't stay in Room 407.We extended by one night and no-one, not even the manager, was able to offer us a lower rate. Our original rate was a lot less than the GBP200 we were being quoted for the extra night. It is clean, staff are friendly, great location. We did not use the restaurant - there is a brilliant little place right next door (across from the luggage store called Exeter cafe) serving full English with 2 eggs, bacon, sausages, baked beans, toast and fabulous coffee for GBP4.00Will we return to The Strand? No. As a repeat visitor to the hotel we felt that we were given an inferior Club room in a not so great location and that no concession on the rate was even considered when we extended our stay - we could have moved however our favourite hotel was fully booked and they had a much better rate and with free wireless in the room. We'll be at The Grand next time.	
Nov 10 2009 	In the heart of London	Very good location - in the middle of everything :-)The room was allways nice to get back to in the afternoon - nice and clean.:-)Service good. :-)noice in the room, from aircondition(fans) outside :-(	
Nov 7 2009 	Small smelly room	I hated the room, it stank of cigarette smoke (even though it's banned now), it was the size of a shoebox and I would never go back. (I know they have updated some rooms since, but the size of them is unlikely to have changed).	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location	We stayed in room 368 which was on the front of the hotel looking out onto the Strand. Our first night was Saturday and it was quite noisy on the Strand with buses and people until about 2am in the morning. Our room didn't have proper double glazed windows so obviously your going to hear some noise. I put the fan on in the room which drownred out the street noise and also used earplugs. i would recommend asking for a room on the interior of the hotel if you are a light sleeper.I slept better on the Sun/Mon.We stayed in the Club room and it was very big and everthing was very clean. The bed was comfy. Apart from a bit of noise from the street I have no complaints. Breakfast was brilliant with a great selection on offer. Check in was quick and easy. Charing Cross underground station is a 1 min walk away which made it easy to travel all over London. The Strand Palace is in a great location for exploring London and I would definately stay there again when we visit London again.We used Oyster cards to travel around on the underground which made things so easy. It is so simple to use the underground.Can't wait to go ack to London and will stay at Strand Palace.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good stay fantastic location.	I stayed at the Strand Palace for work at the end of September 2009. I had a Club Single which was very clean, albeit the usual small size of London hotel rooms. It was facing one of the inner courtyards and with it being a bit of a heat wave, it was very, very hot. This was the main drawback for me but forewarned is forearmed and the reviews here at least led me to expect that. I slept on top of the duvet with the fan going all night! The room was rather good, but as small as I expected. The bathroom was nice too with a fairly good shower and as it's newly refurbished, it's very clean. Nice toiletries too. I found the bed surprisingly hard and uncomfortable as I usually like a hard mattress but wouldn't let this stop me from staying again.I arrived at 7pm ish during the week and didn't have to queue to check-in and liked the staff I spoke to who were all very helpful. I wasn't however given a gym pass as advertised for the club room, but as I knew I wasn't going to use it, I didn't chase it. Maybe something you'd like to bear in mind if this is important to you because I'm not the only one to mention this.Yes there are about 8 steps leading up to reception, but I can't actually believe anyone can complain about that! I was hardy enough to carry my bag up those and then into the lifts (and I'm a wee girl!)I didn't bother having breakfast but I had room service the first night and it was very good and the guy who brought it was helpful.I liked the decor throughout but agree that I wish the bedrooms were air conditioned like the lobby is! This would not stop me going back, but I would only go back in winter.Overall I had a pleasant stay and would go back and recommend it to friends.BTW if travelling from Kings Cross you can get the tube to Covent Garden and walk about 7 minutes to the hotel pulling your case if you're not a wimp!	
Nov 2 2009 	Central clean and the price is right!	Took my wife on her first trip to London and was concerned about cleanliness, based on past experiences. Found the hotel nice, clean and very well located. 5 minute walk to Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden Market, the Tube and the Thames. Might be a bit noisy in the Summer with the windows open so better not to have a room directly on the Strand. Breakfast buffet was ample and you cannot beat the price (for London)!! Will be staying there again!!	
Nov 2 2009 	Loved this location	Strand Palace is in an awesome location for visiting London on foot. It's close to Underground stations and popular tourist spots. It's location in the West End means there are restaurants and shops nearby.I had a club single room for three nights, and it was plenty for me. The room was updated and clean. The bed was comfortable, though the pillows were terrible. It was fairly warm for late October, so I ran the tabletop fan to keep some air moving in the room, but that was enough.One thing that bothered me was that the guestroom doors slam. In the morning when people are leaving for their day of site seeing and whatever, it gets pretty loud and not easy for a jet-lagged American to sleep in. :D	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect for me	I cannot fault this hotel.Top of my priorities is location when booking a hotel and could not ask for a better location than the strand palace. Covent garden just round the corner, as is Liecster square and Piccadily. Buses stop just out the front door and are very easy to navigate round the city.Room was clean and a decent size. Heater worked perfectly but was not needed. TV had good channels. Shower was great. Bed was hard, but I prefer a hard bed.Breakfast was busy but very very tasty.I will return here on my next trip to london and will recomend it to my friends.	
Oct 25 2009 	Value 	I've booked this hotel via hotels.com, It's a superior clubsingle room and the size is okay for me. Excellent price with excellent location. New, clean and helpful staff that i can ev en stored my lugguage after i've checked out, so that i can had a quick shopping before i cuaght my flight!!!	
Oct 25 2009 	Good location and service	On the whole i thought that the Strand Palace was well run and comfortable, in a very convenient location.Service at reception was excellent and cleaning could not be faulted. There was a very wide choice for breakfast and although the room was busy the staff were so efficient that there was a feeling of calm and relaxation.My only reservation was about my single 'club' room. It was nicely decorated and even had wooden shutters, which work better than curtains. However, it was very small, which was disappointing.This is an historic hotel so I suppose the down side of all the lovely art deco design is the occasional small room.	
Oct 24 2009 	very good long weekend	have stayed at the strand palace many times before and have noticed marked improvements to the decor over the last few stays the service is always polite and friendy at reception and you are made to feel welcomerooms are always clean and tidy the location of the hotel is one of the best we have stayed at in london with covent garden china town and west end theatres very close bythe breakfasts are very good with a very wide selection would strongly recommend this hotel	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location in London for sightseeing theatres shopping and transport Small Rooms and Bad Service.	The Strand Palace is in a great location in London for sightseeing, theatres, shopping and transport, unfortunately the rooms and service let it down. We chose a Double Club Room thinking that this would be of a better standard and larger than a normal double room. Instead we found that the room was just big enough to fit the double/queen bed and just allowed you space to walk around it. This room definitely was not as big as those shown on the website photos.Not sure if this was because we booked online and got a reduced rate as we have noticed that we seem to get better rooms if we book directly with the hotel. That said we did book and pay for a Club room so would have expected better.The other point to note is that the rooms are only heated; they are not air-conditioned and only have a plug-in desk fan to cool the room. The site has no mention of if there was air-conditioning but given the standard of the hotel and room rates you would normally expect this. The sheets were not large enough to fit the bed and in our case double bed sheets were being used on a queen size and they barely covered the base of the bed.Best check if the Club Rooms actually include the Virgin Gym Access Pass. We were never provided one and the Club Room information in the room did not state this was included. Checking the site, it still states that this is included with Club rooms. This could have just been an oversight of the Club Check-in person and the hotels brochures but as the Club Check-in was only available 2 of the 5 days that we stayed there, we could not check with them.Breakfast was included in our room rates and is worth doing it this way. Selection did change daily and was of a good standard.Again Great location but don't bother paying extra for the club Room's. They were not worth it.	
Oct 23 2009 	A great choice for the traveller who recognises quality and value.	Great location for main line links. Ideal for Covent garden and other tourist attractions. As a short stay (3 nights), business travellor - accessibility to tube and bus was important. It ticked every box. The best being a simple bus journey to Whitehall, from directly outside the hotel. So easy and convenient. My small(ish) single room was perfect. Quiet and full of natural light (by day); with great lighting in the room (for the eve). Certainly not dimly lit - like so many hotel rooms - which enabled me to work and relax quite easily. Also - the room warmed up and cooled down quickly (and easily), probably due to its smaller size and simple to operate radiator; and it was great that I could open windows easily, to let in fresh air as and when required (something that is often not possible in other hotels, regardless of star rating). Coupled with a lovely view from the room, excellent cleaning staff (friendly, polite and respectful), free bottled water and the usual tea/coffee - I wouldn't hesitate to book in again. Overall - all the staff were helpful and attentive with some (concierge in particular), being keen to ensure my stay (and plans) ran as smoothly as possible. Finally, breakfast was lovely - lots of choice and attention to detail. Staff were extremely busy (as hotel was full, during my stay), but they ensured things ran like clockwork. Carvery - lovely (good value).	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location service and food - just what you need	This was our secong stay here. Everything ram smoothly on both occasions. Excellent position to see the sights and shows. In easy walking distance of many and only a few minutes drive from Euston &amp; kings Cross.We will certainly stay again when we next visit London.Also good for Oxford Street and Regent Street shopping	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel! Great Location	The Strand Palace is a good hotel for a very good price. While is not an elite hotel, I found the rooms to be comfortable and clean. I had a simple single bed and there was sufficient space. It was not claustropobic like some other hotel rooms. They were in the middle of construction on several floors last year. Also as the hotel is one city block, I recommend that you reserve a room located in the mddle of the hotel. If you reserve an outside room with a window on the street, there is alot of street traffic as the Strand is a major thoroughfare.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location with Class!!	We stayed for three nights at the 'Strand Palace&quot; , it is central to everything that you need to do in London. The room although small ( but a huge bathroom) was well appointed, the staff very helpful. Our whole experience was very positive. Would definately stay there on our next visit and recommend it to other visitors.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Location Great Service Excellent Hotel!	Located in West End, very convenient to walk around the town. Close to many theatres, and many nice restaurants. The Hotel services is reasonably good.	
Oct 16 2009 	locked me out of my room	The reservation I'd made on their website had been mysteriously cancelled. I had to wait 20 min for them to figure out what to do (there was no one else in the queue). When I finally got a room, my credit card balance only allowed authorization for one night and their machine wouldn't accept my German bank card (which worked at all the cash points). So they programmed my key for only one night! Then next morning after breakfast I wasn't able to get back into my room and they wouldn't reprogram my key card until I paid for the rest of my stay (2 more days) in advance. I asked if I could pay later that day since I had to get to a meeting, but no, had to pay before they would let me back into the room.It has the feel of a big impersonal hotel and the lobby was a challenge to get through every single time as it was always packed with bus loads of people. I had to pay to leave my luggage for 2 hours on the last day even though I'd just stayed there for the last 3 nights. Location's good though.	
Oct 15 2009 	Get out before 12!	Location wise this is hard to beat but the room was cramped and poorly decorated. Getting to the room in the first place is a maze and their room directions leave a lot to be desired. Check out is 12pm, I left my room at 11.55 to iron a shirt and arrived back at 12.03 but was locked out of my room. There was a dispute with the front desk to get back in, I finally checked out at 12.15. Surely they can have a grace period of 15-30 minutes before the room key becomes inoperative.	
Oct 14 2009 	Location location location!!!	I have stayed at the Strand Palace many times over the last few years. The reason that I return is, primarily, its excellent location, immediately opposite the Savoy Hotel on the Strand. The hotel is an excellent base from which to explore the many sights of the west end, Covent Garden, theatreland, Soho, Trafalgar Square, Westminster and the legal quarter. In recent years the hotel has made improvements to its rooms and public areas but I have always found it to be clean and friendly. The breakfasts are great. The rooms are perfectly adequate, certainly not luxurious, but clean and well enough spaced to be comfortable. On recent visits I have used the fantastic Virgin Active gym and pool across the road with tokens that the hotel issues free if you stay in a club room. If you are looking for a central hotel at a reasonable price the Strand Palace is very hard to beat.	
Oct 14 2009 	Pristine ideally located and outstanding staff	If you want to explore the West End, Theatreland and the South Bank this hotel is ideal as you can walk to pretty well anywhere you would want to see.The public areas and our room were all in excellent condition and were exceptionally clean. We had a room on the first floor which had no view to speak of but was quiet. Our friends were in a room on the same corridor facing The Strand and noticed the traffic but they do live in the midde of nowhere so are used to unusual levels of quiet.Our room was well appointed and the ensuite shower room was spotless. The shower was particularly invigorating. The bedroom was fairly warm, the windows don't open and there didn't appear to be air conditioning so the rooms might get hot in the height of summer. The hotel must already have thought of this as there was an electric fan in the room. Every single member of staff we encountered was helpful, friendly and keen to please.Highly recommended!	
Oct 13 2009	Wonderful experience	Hotel is spotlessly clean,lovely restaurents,efficient check in desk &amp; most helpful concierge area.Rooms most comfortable &amp; clean.Location is ideal for most London activities.Would stay there again without question.	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect location and clean rooms - we love the strand palace hotel	We always come back to the Strand palace hotel, we've stayed there several times. Perfect location in Convent garden, max. 5 minutes walk to the Trafalgar sq. and 7 minutes til Piccadilly circus. The only things we would like to comment, is that we're missing air-conditioned rooms.. In the middle of summer it's very hot in the rooms, and we also miss mini-bar in the room. All in all, this is good value for the money.	
Oct 8 2009 	Outstanding value - outstanding service	A solo traveller would find this hotel absolutely wonderful - especially a female!! The location of this hotel was great - close to Charing Cross tube station. The Concierge Desk was over-the-top helpful in securing tube passes and Heathrow Express tickets...as well as general inquiries. Check-in was easy and most pleasant assistants -the courtyard rooms are very quiet but a ghastly view of an ugly building - my room was quickly switched. Breakfast was delightful - most efficient service and a great array of choices. This hotel was well priced and I would return again - absolutely terrific.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great place for central London	I found a special rate at this hotel for a single that would be approximately 150 USD a night .For me that is a splurge, but hey, I'm worth it! The hotel is close to Covent Garden, theaters underground and bus routes. The single really is a single, it reminded me of a very upscale dorm room, with attached bath. Single bed, a built in desk and a closet. TV on the wall. It was tastefully decorated in a contemporary style. The windows have wooden shutters which really helped with the 4 am sunrise. The concierge, housekeeping and room service were great.As a woman traveling alone I felt very comfortable here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Love this Hotel!	We almost always stay at Strand Palace on our short trips to London. This is a hidden gem, in the center of everything, 5 min walk to Trafalgar square, in the middle of the theater district, a bus stop nearby with convenient routes that take you directly to Paddington or the Tower, and at an unbelieveble for London price! Everything is so close! Breakfast may be crowded, especially on weekends, rooms may require an extra round of cleaning (and they will do it), but I love it!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect hotel	We stayed for one night when we visited London and went to a show and would definitely recommend. It was perfectly located for the theatre and all staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Oct 8 2009 	GREAT LOCATION THOUGH SMALL ROOMS	Stayed at the Palace for three nights, very clean hotel, great location but even through I had the Club room the size was dissapointing. bed very confortable but as I was on the first floor at the front of the hotel noise was a issue. I will stay at this hotel again as it would be a great place to stay to see all of London.	
Oct 7 2009 	Short musical London visit	This is my second visit to this hotel and I would happily return the next time I go to London. It's located near everything - shopping - theatres - restaurants.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great location and great price considering how central it is	The staff were very friendly and efficient despite it being a very large and full hotel. The bedroom wasnt very big but very clean and every amenity - lots of complimentary tea, coffe, water, toiletries, etc. Lots of choice at breakfast and food of a good standard. Great location and price - very close to tube stations, and all major tourist attractions withing easy walking distance. Very close to Covent Garden, theatres, the river, Trafalgar Square, London Eye, etc.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent location but some service/building problems: No Ramps for Luggage	The pros:-The hotel is centrally located near Charing Cross tube station and walking distance to the main London attractions. No need to take the tube during the stay. Additionally there are small shops nearby (Boots, Tesco) if you need some toiletries or a quick take-away snack. Banks are around the corner.-The room was very clean. And the shower curtain had some magnets in the lower part so that it wouldn't move during the shower. Great idea!-The rooms have safe boxes which are free to use. Also, some magazines were provided in the room for entertainment as well as a guide of London.The cons:-The check-in process took way too long and I was given a room key which didn't work, so had to go back to the reception area and queue up again-The rooms are small by European standards. No minibar and more importantly, no A/C. The fan provided was not enough and opening the windows didn't make any sense due to the amount of traffic in the main road-where my room was facing-Wireless is not free to use. Ridiculous prices charged if you want to use it.-The biggest and most obvious issue for me is that THERE ARE NO RAMPS FOR LUGGAGE! The access from the street (about 12 steps) does NOT have a ramp and nobody came to help me -in spite of carrying a very large suitcase, a backpack and a laptop bagAdditionally if you want to leave your luggage in the storage room upon checking out, guess what? Yes, there ARE NO RAMPS for the storage room either. And on top of that you HAVE TO PAY to leave your luggage. It's the first time ever that I've been asked to pay to leave my luggage. And it's not per room, it's per luggage item (2 pounds per luggage item). Absolutely non-sense-Breakfast was average/poor. Not many choices in terms of food and refreshments. -Bizarre incident on the second day in the hotel: a friend came to drop some suitcases that I had left in his place and the security guy followed us into the elevator -of course, again, no one came to help lifting the suitcases from the street to the reception area- and almost to the room aisle. I'm still wondering why... We were both dress in business clothes so I can not think of any reason why we may have looked suspiciousAs a whole, the location is great for sightseeing and the rooms were very clean but the problems with the room temperature, the lack of ramps for luggage and the poor breakfast mean that I won't be staying there again. If you are only concerned about a central location with clean rooms, it's worth it. Otherwise, look somewhere else. There are some business-like hotels in other areas which are much more worth it than this one.	
Oct 4 2009 	Immaculate room and bathroom hot water and excellent service.	Needed a central London location. The Strand Palace Hotel was excellent with very clean rooms and new bathroom. Hot water, excellent beds and excellent service. The food was world class in the hotel restaurants, this was a big surprise. In fact ,any referral by the hotel staff was excellent.	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic location excellent food 	Fantastic location, most things are within walking distance or there is an excellent bus service right outside the hotel. Covent Garden underground station or Charing Cross is only 5 min walk. Shopping, sight-seeing and theatres are all so accessable. The buffet breakfast was excellent - plenty of choice. In the evening both restaurants offered excellent food at a reasonable price. Air conditioning would be nice in the rooms, but we managed with the fan - we had a room on The Strand and noise was not a problem with the double glazing and shutters during the night. The room and bathroom were spotless. The staff were excellent and helpful. We would definately stay there again and have already recommended it to friends.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent value for money	The hotel is ideally located, the staff is without exceptrion extremely friendly, helpful and service-oriented, and last but not least: the single rooms are very nice.	
Oct 2 2009 	Terrific location	Checked in 9/24, out 9/29. Small, clean room. Lack of A/C was not an issue during our stay but I doubt I would stay there during the summer. Very close to good food and shopping. Very nice pedestrian area and the staff - all very friendly. Only encountered one incident: arranged a wake up call for the first morning, yet the wake up calls continued each and every morning when we didn't want to receive the call; spoke to the front desk but it was never fixed. This is a good hotel for taking a travel alarm clock with you. I'm not sure why there wasn't a clock radio especially since the music from the t.v. had additional charges for the music I wanted to listen to. I would stay there again.	
Oct 1 2009 	good place good stay and nice people	good location, smiling hotel porter Miguel nice recptionist, Gemma	
Oct 1 2009 	Good choice - Club rooms are stylish modern and comfortable	I had a Club room on the front of the hotel facing the Strand, The room was newly refurbished, elegant without being fussy, and nicely equipped. Only downside was no air conditioning - that's fine by me as I prefer fresh air from an open window, but the road is busy so it's noisy. In mid-summer it would probably be uncomfortably hot and I'd avoid it then, but otherwise I'd happily stay there again. The location - in the West End, close to the City, Parliament and the South Bank - is excellent and public transport abundant. Note - I think that all the Club rooms are refurbished and none of the others are. If that's right, I would only choose a Club room.	
Sep 30 2009 	excellent location but small rooms without a/c	Fantastic location for theatre life and good eating. Also, not far from tube stations. Hotel seems to be very popular keeping the reception area busy almost around the clock. Breakfast is good but the breakfast room is jam packed during 7-9 a.m. Even so the seating procedure is well managed. Rooms are small and tend to get very warm even in late September. Opening the window is not an option if you are a light sleeper.	
Sep 30 2009 	This hotel is very central - its perfect for all London's attractions and the West End	We always use this hotel when visiting London,. It is really central for all attractions. The staff are really friendly and helpful at all times. The rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.	
Sep 30 2009 	"what a diamond"	Just back from a fabulous weekend with my husband, went to the strand palace as a birthday surprise for my husband, we were not dissapointed. Staff were lovely, left a complimentary bottle of wine and a card for my husbands birthday in our room. We were in a kingsize club room at the front of the hotel, it was great you could lose yourself in the bed. Room was pretty warm but we had a fan to cool us down. Room was immaculate, we were left bottles of water and toiletries every day. Breakfast was terrific so much choice and the food was lovely, it does get very busy especially at weekends but you didnt have to wait too long for a table as the staff were very efficient. All in all I would certainly go back to this hotel, and would certainly recommend it.	
Sep 29 2009 	superb location	Staff extremely helpful. Had booked a standard room but it was very small so asked to be upgraded to club room - request dealt with quickly and efficiently. Club room was perfect, worth the little it extra we had to pay. Hotel location is perfect, would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location - very cozy hotel	The service was fine. The room was ok but the sound outside the window was a little bit annoying. Also a small refrigerator is needed for some cool water (The vending machine in hotels corridor was empty of water supply).Great location and very good food.	
Sep 29 2009 	Some Pros - Lots of Cons	First the Pros; Breakfast was quite adequate. Location is very goodCons; pretty much everthing else.Very long wait to get a room which was very cramped (I'm used to large European city hotels so I know small). The air was stale and the window could not open much. Wouldn't have wanted to open it anyway as it was so noisy. The worst part however was the booking process, cancellation charges which had to be disputed with credit card company etc.I realize that some people might be lucky enough to not have any issues, but I certainly was among them. I had time to meet other travelers while awaiting my room (is that a pro as well?) who seemed to experience similar issues with booking.All in all I couldn't say that most of the people in the lobby seemed to be enjoying themselves. Maybe a bad time of the year for them? Not sure, but I wouldn't stay there again if the room was free of charge.	
Sep 28 2009 	My Favorite London Hotel...	I've just booked again for two days in 10 days time. I've stayed at the Strand Palace about six times; on my own, with my children, and lastly, with a friend, sharing one of the newly decorated double rooms. I keep looking in books, and on the net, and whilst walking around London, for hotels that I could try &quot;next time&quot;, but I can't find a place to compare with the location, the price, the ambience, and the convenience. I love the Tesco Express right across the road; love the two subway lines 5 min away, I love the Waterstones at the end of the street, and of course, all the sights within walking distance. The only negative on my last trip was the plastic glasses in the bathroom---I did call down and was told room service would bring us proper glasses, but we were on our way out so I endured. This trip I'll probably pack a small glass in my bag! Anyway, all good experiences there. I even find the smallness of the single room quite charming. I do wonder if some of the reviewers who complain about the size of the rooms, the unairconditioned rooms, etc. have stayed in many hotels in Europe that are not 4-5 star.	
Sep 28 2009 	Perfect Location Clean but a little pricey maybe ?	What can i say....We checked in mid week for a 3 night stay and were greeted by a friendly conceirge and nice staff on the reception desk. We made the reservation through http://www.booking.com/ as recomended by another reviewer of this hotel.The location is excellent, i really dont think there is better !! Situated v close to the tube and the Victoria line station for those of you coming in from Gatwaick or other locations. Also, Covent Garden, Soho, Trafalgar Sq etc. Right behind the hotel is Covent Garden with some nice bars / eateries. But Soho is where we went to eat and also a place called &quot;The Couch&quot; on Dean Street for lunch, excellent. There are other places v close by for dinner etc.The London Eye is also all within easy access of the tube (1 stop i think?) or walking, this is something you must do / visit.Myself and my partner were there to shop and sight see having been to London many years ago. Rooms were spotless, and enough for what we wanted. Bathroom was large enough and the bedroom was too. No complaints there. We cannot vouch for the food as we ate out all the time but the bar / restaurant always seemed busy enough. Room also came with a fan and the bedroom / bathroom windows did open to air the room. The only problems i had was that the housekeeping came around at about 8.30 am each morning and they were loud. The price could be a little cheaper too.I dont get some of the reviews left about this hotel but each to their own. The hotel doesnt advertise air con either so dont be sprised it doesnt have any. If they had it they'd say it. Also, the room size was perfect for us, After all a Hotel (we think) is for sleeping, not sitting in all day.....We wanted somewhere clean, right location and secure. This Hotel fits the bill perfectly and we will be going back.	
Sep 27 2009 	Grand exterior - disappointing interior	All in all the Strand Palace was a good, central three star London Hotel.I stayed there for one night with work. The location is fabulous - two minutes walk to Covent Garden which has many excellent restaurants and bars to keep you entertained.The entrance and building itself is very grand - we were all quite excited on arrival thinking work had finally splashed out!! The reception staff were friendly and efficient. The downside is the standard of the room. I had a single room on one of the top floors. It was absolutely tiny and very old fashioned. The bathroom was pokey and looks as though it needs updating pronto! My colleague had no a/c and as her window wouldn't open, suffered an awful nights sleep. The hallways were being redecorated when I stayed but the replacement carpets looked naff and again, old fashioned.The breakfast was a plus. Plenty of fruit, pastries, cereals and hot food on offer. The restaurant for breakfast got extremely busy and we did have to wait five minutes or so for a table but they do have an &quot;overflow&quot; restaurant which we were seated in.All in all a good hotel. I probably wouldn't choose to stay here myself as I think the rooms do not justify the price. However, I have heard some rooms have been refurbished so perhaps they are better value for money.	
Sep 23 2009 	PERFECT ALL ROUND JUST LOVE IT!!	Simple clean modern bedrooms. Service excellent. Easy access to theatre land, most theatres within walking distance. Central for site seeing, walking or by pubic transport. Good Restaurant within Hotel (serves an excellent breakfast) and plenty of choice nearby. Good value given locality and amenities available.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location - I'd stay again	I booked a club room and stayed on the 7th floor. Room was small but very clean and quiet. English breakfast was also very good and abundant. The hotel is very centrally located - easy to walk to Trafalgar square and down by the Thames. Stations are also quite near.The hotel is a bit expensive if you're looking for something cheap but for business people and given it's location, it is reasonable.	
Sep 22 2009 	A great hotel got even Greater!!	We stayed at The Strand Palace 6 years ago. The location was terrific, directly in front of Covent Garden and right in the theatre district. So we decided to go back and knew we would stay at the Strand Palace again. When we got there it was unbelievable!! Completely remodeled. Our room was spacious and clean, with a large desk, safe, roomy closet and spacious bathroom. The restaurant served an awsome hot buffet that rivaled the pricier restaurants in the city. The staff was very nice, especially the restuarant staff. I know alot of european hotels are not the same as the American hotels, but The Strand Palace was definitely up to the American standard of hotels. Two thumbs up to The Strand!!	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location but chambermaids have to be better trained	I liked the location of this hotel very much. It is near the theatres, restaurants and places of interest. I am also happy with the receptionists' service - generally, they were prompt and polite. The concierge was also very helpful.However, I think they have to better train their chambermaids. Once I was not able to find my T-shirt when I went back to a room with my bed neatly made, only to realise later that it was 'hidden' under the pillows. The following day, I found dirt-like things in the bath-tub and on my last night in the hotel, I found a bottle of detergent on the basin! My colleague who travelled with me found a used rag in her toilet too, on the second day of her stay.For a good location and comfortable accommodation, I don't mind staying in this hotel again. I really hope they could have better chambermaids though.	
Sep 20 2009 	It's All About Location Location Location	I just finished a four night stay at the Strand Palace Hotel and i must say that I was very impressed.I had a standard room on the seventh floor and the room more than satisfied my needs. It was without a doubt the smallest hotel room that I have ever stayed in. The bed had a twin size mattress and the room was a little more than twice as wide as the mattress. The bed was very comfortable and the room was neat and clean. The TV was not a flat screen, but that was not too bad because there was not much to watch anyway.I was surprised by how close most of the attractions were to the hotel. Most things were within easy walking distance. Another added plus is the fact that many bus lines run in front of the hotel and there are at least two underground stations within walking distance.The only meals ate at the hotel was the continental breakfast at the Diva cafe. It was enough to help me get through the whole day. The hotel is surrounded by numerous restaurants and cafes. So finding a place for a meal should not be a problem.Should you stay at the Stand Palace Hotel? That depends on how &quot;high maintenance&quot; you are. If you need to be pampered in total luxury, this is not the place for you.But, if you are looking for a nice, clean, safe hotel with a fantastic location, you would be crazy not to consider the Stand Palace. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent location accommodating service	I very much enjoyed my stay at the Strand Palace Hotel in London. The rooms were clean and the location is fantastic. You are within walking distance to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, the National Portrait Gallery and much more! The concierge was extremely helpful and accommodating. When purchasing tickets to a football game online, led to an error, Andrew was able to call the stadium and correct the mistake so that we would be able to pick up the tickets in person. Additionally, he was able to secure Saturday reservations last minute at an excellent hotel that I wanted to try for a special occasion. The only drawback to the hotel was that there wasn't air conditioning, only a fan was placed in the room. Luckily, the weather was not too hot so that air conditioning wasn't needed at night. Overall, it was a great experience!	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent base for a trip to London	Well worth the money. Central position for sight seeing. Rooms of a high standard and breakfast to die for. Service and staff excellent. Would definetly use again and recomend to others.	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfect location and excellent service	This hotel was fabulous. It was clean and the room service was great. Breakfast was lovely too. they had the service of a conceirge who helped me find the local bus tours. I am due to go back to finish my course and am staying in the Strand again	
Sep 13 2009 	Small but nice	I stayed in the strand palace in August this year. I stayed in a single room. The single room was very small but clean enough - you just wouldn't be wanting to spend more than a couple of nights in the room. The main issue is no air conditioning and it was one of the hottest days of the year. There was a fan supplied but that just circulates warm air around the room. The bar was fine but expensive. Breakfast - the hotel was really busy so it wasn't a relaxing experience. the food was fine.	
Sep 11 2009 	GREAT HOTEL GREAT PRICE SHOULD BE 4 STAR +	Great Hotel, cleen, great service close to the theater land great food and breakfast .good value	
Sep 10 2009 	Centrally located but	I stayed in the Strand during August 2009. The prosThe hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of many tourist sites.The morning breakfast was included with the room and was very good.The staff were very helpful and pleasant.The consThere was no air condiitioning. It was about 25 degrees and this made sleeping unpleasant.It is extremely noisey if you get a room on the front of the building. City buses pound down the street until quite late.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Place to Stay	second time this year at the strand palace. we have stayed in various hotels around central london over the years and mostly have been disappointing for the money you pay but this by far is great value for money.its clean [recently been refurbished] the staff are friendly and helpful, standard double room is a good size, we didnt book breakfast but had a carvery which was ok but you could get cheaper meals outside the hotel, also the price of the cocktails in the mask bar was a bit shocking but more fool me for paying, i had a few drinks by then but i was on holiday so didnt mind :-)overall we plan on going back down to london next year and will definitely be booking this hotel unless the prices go up dramatically, which ive checked and they havent so far, just hanging on till after xmas before booking something	
Sep 3 2009 	Very Good Hotel	We really enjoyed are stay at the Strand Palace Hotel London it is close to everything train station just up the road within walking distance to many theatres, staff very friendly and very helpful, rooms very clean, breakfast very good and plently of it. kids really enjoyed their stay here.We will be staying here again on are next visit to London.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location and good stay	This was my 5th stay at Strand Palace. Booked the club single room, and it was not much different than the standard one. The housekeeping staff did a good job of keeping it maintained and stocked with toiletries, mineral water and a packet of biscuits.As one who goes 2-3 times a year for the theatre, the location is wonderful. How nice to stay off the crowded tubes and not have to deal with any public transporation! It is possible to walk to nearly all the theatres withing 10-15 minutes. The breakfast was perfectly adequate, and I never had to wait for a table. Since I got food poisoning from their fish at dinner on the previous stay, I otherwise avoid their restaurants. However, there are numerous choices within steps of the front door. The pass to the Virgin health club was nice-good pool, sauna and only 2 minutes away. The majour drawback was windows not able to be opened more than 4-5 inches, and only one of the two would open &quot;for health and safety reasons&quot;. Absolute stupidity and more government interference! The fan did an okay job of keeping the room cool.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good hotel on a GREAT location	The Strand Palace Hotel is a good hotel at a great location. Perfect for a weekend break! Once you step out of the door, you'll find yourself immediately on the Strand, with superb locations like Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square and Covent Garden only minutes away (by foot)! The English breakfast were great and we were served almost immediately every morning. The room size was average (I've seen smaller in London) and housekeeping was perfect! The staff was very friendly.	
Aug 26 2009 	Hot Sweaty Claustrophobic Nice area Great location	We had 2 rooms here for 4 nights as we were in London to watch the Red Bull Xfighters.Hubby and I had our 9 year old in room with us. The mattress on sofa bed was like a sleeping bag. We folded the sofa back up and she slept on that.Windows only open about 6 inches from bottom. No fresh air whatsoever !! Fans are provided to circulate stale air around.Bathrooms were fine and so was room layout in ours but the teenagers had poky wee holes with no air and bathrooms laid out so bad the door wouldn't open properly.The sound level on TV was so low we called engineer to try to fix as we had booked a movie in two of the rooms. Both were set at the same level. You could hear the TV but the movie channels were muted. Told that they could not be turned up. (They did have fee for movies on my bill even though we asked for it to be removed)Breakfast was cheap bacon, cheap sausages, cheap beans etc We ate two mornings and skipped 2 mornings. Breakfast room was mobbed although staff were helpful.Left baggage is charged at £2 per item. With of us we were charged £16 to hold bags for 1 hour.Concierge was helpful and the Doorman was a delight, especially nice to the kids. Tipped his hat every time my daughter passed which chuffed her every time. She even bought a hat so that she could tip hers back. Area / Location is superb ... pity they did not add air con when they refurbished. Even adding units now would go a long way and opening the windows, Health and safety gone mad again. It is celebrating it's 100th anniversary this year and is advertising the refurb that has been done. WHY no air con??Ice machine on 1st floor. Drinks machines on every floor. These were well used by us.I would have liked to have stayed in the room for more than 30 mins after showering without needing another shower. (No I am not a fat, sweaty bird)I would not say do not stay here as location is fabby ... just wear a bikini and take plenty of that canned cooling stuff.	
Aug 22 2009 	Brilliant location comfortable and friendly service	There couldn't be a better place in terms of location!! The king club rooms were spacious, clean and very comfortable. The rooms facing the road are a lot better than the ones facing the concrete courtyard, especially in warm weather. However, if you are willing to give up on more ventilation in order to have peace and quiet, the interior rooms are better. We loved the sounds of the city through the night, and better ventilation, as the rooms have no air conditioning. However, we didn't really miss it, as the little fan provided in the room was perfectly adequate. Breakfast was quite good and the service was excellent throughout our stay. We would definitely stay at The Strand Palace Hotel on our next visit, and highly recommend it! We hope they will keep the same standards in the future.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very pleasant hotel would recommend to anyone	This hotel is very pleasant, rooms are modest but at the end of the day you only really use a hotel to sleep, and beds are comfy!! Our sleep was however quite poor as the rooms were incredibly hot (althought we did stay on London's hottest day of the year!) and lack of air conditioning was a disappointment, however, there was a fan in the room which provided mild relief. Only a few picky things which annoyed me, like the lack of an ice machine which would have been nice on a baking hot day! And the corridors can be quite maze like! The hotel is ideal for theatres showing Lion King, Oliver etc... and the shortest of walks you are at Covent Garden. There is a small Tesco Express across the road which is handy as we bought alot of bottled water there as the prices were alot cheaper than buying drinks at tourist attractions or local newsagents and stalls. The Strand road has alot of well known restaurants / cafes, e.g. Pizza Express, ZiZi's. starbucks etc.. as well as other places to eat. A brief 10-15minute walk from the hotel and you are at London South Bank and London Eye / Big Ben etc... I liked this hotel alot, the staff were pleasant, breakfast was lovely and had a wide variety from cooked to cereal to pasties, they also had soya milk to my surprise so I was able to have a cup of tea with my breakfast, although the tea was questionabe as it was grey coloured! But it tasted fine!	
Aug 21 2009 	decent hotel great location	We stayed here to see Oliver! at Drury Lane. As said before, you can't beat the location- less than a five minutes walk to to Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, Horseguard's Parade and the river Thames. The hotel itself was good- very clean. Had nice meals/breakfast there aswell and no trouble with the staff apart from language barriers- many could not speak good English- but they are all friendly and welcoming.	
Aug 21 2009 	Reasonably good hotel ideally situated in the center	Comfort of the hotel is good, in relation with the price and the central location in London. Some remarks on the heat (no air conditioning in our room) and the noise for the rooms in the front. Otherwise, the situation is ideal to discover London. 200 m from Charing Cross and Covent Garden stations, 10' to reach Piccadilly Circus and China Town, Soho..... We haven't taken the breakfast (+15£ !) but found our happiness in the surrounding small cafe's.The indications given by the information desk are very helpfull	
Aug 18 2009 	Lacking in Service	We've stayed at this hotel on a number of occasion and we were satisfied with it until this last visit. The quality of service has gone down even though the hotel has been refurbished ans is nice and comfortable.We arrived on a Saturday and wanted to check-in at 2:30pm (the announced check-in time is 2pm). The receptionist told us that our room was not ready and we had to wait till almost 4 pm to get a room. They did not even apologize for the delay which I find not acceptable. In the meantime, however, all other guests in line seemed to have no problem with their rooms. We have booked a Club King room, but don’t count on the club reception desk –it is closed during the weekend. Also, we never got our complementary bathrobes even though we asked for them twice. Not to mention the free access to the gym across the street, I like to swim in the morning and missed that.In general the location of the hotel is excellent; however I have mixed feelings about the service and would think twice before booking a room there again. I don't know what has changed in the past few months but it's definitely not for the better. There are plenty of hotels in London for this price and you could probably find a better one.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Location	You can't beat the Strand Palace Hotel's location. SImple as that. The rooms were modest but clean. The staff was terrific. And, the breakfast buffet downstairs was wonderful. I would stay here again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Invaded by Bed Bugs	I was bitten by bed bugs during my last week's stay. My colleague had no issues, however another mate of mine who stayed there a few months ago had also been bitten by bed bugs, unfortunately not telling anyone. I have written to the management for a full refund but did not get a response yet.	
Aug 11 2009 	Well placed for London Marathon	Fifth time that I have stayed there for the marathon. Very large with fairly small rooms for one of the few that still charge less for single rooms and so well placed for the marathon trains (Charing Cross) and finish.	
Aug 9 2009 	Best location in London! So accessible to everything!	This was our 3rd stay at Strand Palace Hotel in 2 years. It is centrally located and close to everything - transport (opposite Charing Cross, 2 steps to a bus stop, 2 blocks from Trafalgar Square), tourist sites, Covent Garden, shopping, tons of pubs &amp; restaurants! It just doesn't get any better than this in terms of location. We booked far ahead and so saved on the room rate. Our first stay, the room was small, basic and comfortable. On our 2nd stay we got a corner room on the 5th floor - a newly refurbished room which was extremely spacious! On our most recent stay, we asked for a room with a King bed but got a queen. We also asked for the same room we had before but were given a smaller room on a higher floor. Being an unusually hot summary this year and not having any air-conditioning, the room was unbearably stuffy and felt like a sauna. We got little or no sleep with just a small fan and windows that barely opened a crack. The toilet was sandwiched between 2 walls with not enough room to maneuver within - rather bizarre...felt like it was a linen cupboard or plumbing closet before being refurbished. Still, the location, rate and daily large buffet breakfast spread was worth the price (though perhaps not the aggravation). The check-in staff could be abit more pleasant but at least they're competent and knowledgable. We'll stay at the Strand everytime we visit London, but may think twice if it's during another scorching summer like there was this year.	
Aug 9 2009 	Location location	The room was weeny but clean and perfectly adequate as a base to explore London. Staff were very helpful apart from the young man at reception who was less than professional in his approach when we asked if we could have a double bed as per our booking rather than the two singles that we had been allocated. Overall the hotel was a bit 'tired' but cost was reasonable for what was offered.	
Aug 7 2009 	Tiny room but good value and location	Got a good deal and expected something less than this so was pleasantly surprised. Single room admittedly very small and windows could not open more than a few inches in hot weather but included a quiet desktop fan that I kept on. Modern and clean bathroom. TV instructions a bit limited. Staff at check in polite and efficient. Did not eat there - as plenty of eateries in the area. Walking distance to everywhere I needed to go e.g. Covent Garden- Charing Cross - Southbank Centre, Trafalgar Square, National Gallery etc etc. Would definitely stay there again for short London visits. Without doubt the most conveniently located London hotel that I have ever stayed at. The tiny room needs to be seen against the fact that it was not much smaller than that of a more expensive and luxurious room I once stayed at in the Bloomsbury area - some London hotels are just like that I suppose.	
Aug 7 2009	Clean but small room - and very hot!!	I stayed here with my Mum as a treat with tickets for a show in the West End. Booked through their website, and got a twin Club Room, breakfast and 2 day travel passes for £150 - think this is a deal that they do in August. First impression were good - staff were friendly and helpful, no queue for check in and was efficient. The lobby area was clean, light and airy. However, when we got to our room (on 1st floor) we were quite disappointed - it was very small, boiling hot and facing an internal 'courtyard' so no view whatsoever. What made it worse were the large air extractors in the courtyard which were really noisy and blew hot air right through our window - which by the way only opened about 6 inches. We used the fan in the room but it was still unbearably hot.On a plus side, the room was very clean and the beds were comfortable and of ample size. The bathroom was spotlessly clean, and had a great shower! The breakfast was good - nothing special but food was nourishing and there was plenty of choice. We were seated straight away, but the dining room was small and the tables were cramped together which made you feel a bit awkward being so close to the other people eating!All in all, the main problem with this hotel is the stifling heat in the rooms - was ok apart from that, but will look to stay elsewhere next time I'm in London.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good location great price	The Strand Place is very well located at the edge of the theatre district and is also close to much of London's art and classical music and opera. The hotel has an air of faded four star grandeur but now caters - efficiently and at budget prices - to a different market. Our one night stay for just under €100 was very good value in central London. The three star single room that comes with this price was tiny and too warm - and had no visible a/c or ventilation - but it was adequately furnished. Room service was fast and all the staff we met were efficient and anxious to help.Recommended for a short leisure stay for adults - a good value three star experience in a four star wrapper.	
Aug 4 2009 	Cheap but not cheerful	Checked in during a heatwave only to discover no rooms had aircon! Even without a heatwave London can be sticky in the summer. The room I was allocated was a single and tiny, the window looked out on a small internal courtyard and would only stay open if propped up with a plank of wood, (helpfully provided by previous occupant), there was a fan provided which worked. Bathroom tiny with shower only, After an airless night of no sleep breakfast was an ok buffet. Checked out the following morning and moved to the Waldorf. The staff were not in the slightest bit interested in why I left early.This is a big, busy but (possibly) good value for money hotel in central London but don't expect anything more than tiny room with no aircon and no charm what so ever .	
Jul 31 2009 	Good value hotel	This was the second time this year that I stayed at the Strand Palace. I first stayed here in March for two nights to celebrate my 40th birthday, so when I needed to come to London for one night and needed a decent hotel in the centre of London which didn't cost a fortune, I chose the Strand Palace again. It's clean, comfortable and very central. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and the twin club room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a lot of choice. Good value for money - I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009 	All smiles after refurbishment	Stayed here last week on a one night business trip. having read the reviews I was not expecting much, however overall the experience was pretty good. In particular front of house staff very attentive and never stopped smiling. My club room had been refurbished according to the desk clerk, and on inspection looked like it had been finished that morning. Bathroom was spacious and sparkling with an excellent shower. Bed was comfy and room surprisingly quiet given the central location. Room service food was fine and breakfast plentiful ( but get there early). Only downsides were lack of air con, I would avoid this hotel in a heatwave and the ludicrous £2 charge for looking after your luggage. This is free in my usual haunts in central London. Overall a decent place if you get a good price but nothing to get ecited about.	
Jul 28 2009 	dont believe the pictures	just back from a two night stay at the strand palace hotel and would not go back.my husband myself and twelve year old son were booked in weeks ago for a executive club room front view with sofa bed,i saw the pictures and read the promotional stuff on the new refurb so i was expecting what they promised.the room wasnt ready till twenty past 2 and when we got to room 467 we were facing a brick wall in an average room with no room to walk about it was awful.i asked to be moved and was given a room that was filthy with cigarette burns in the curtains and worse had a bin in the bathroom unemptied with sanitary towels in it,i took photos and went to the desk and a lady called barbera sorted anther room for me but her excuse was that it was an old hotel and the windows were bad and couldnt be cleaned properly.the room we eventually syayed in was just ok but as i said nothing like the photos and my god are they hot at night.iwe didnt mind the noise but the windows only open 5 inches so the electric fan has to be on all night.my son ended up having to share with us and no refund was given even though i had booked a room with sofa,didnt find them helpful and different staff on every time you went through the lobby ,and charging 2 euro per bag while you wait to book into their hotel is ridic.only thing it has going for it is location.	
Jul 27 2009 	rooms to hot	we have just returned from the strand palace hotel. this hotel was brilliant except for a few things the first being that the rooms were to hot and the fans that were in the rooms were to noisy. the other thing that i was not pleased with was the charge that you had to pay to keep your suitcase £2 per case the total being £16 for 2 couples. breakfast was great as was the staff who were very helpful and friendly. we had a club room which was very small but contained a safe deposit box and 2 bottles of warm water a day. our room was on the 4th floor in the centre of the hotel and was very quiet at night. our friends had a standard twin room which was much larger but had no water and no safe deposit box. their room was on the 6th floor at the front of the hotel and was very noisy at night. we would return but only in the winter time.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very well located decent hotel	The hotel ticked all the boxes but I was still left feeling it was just another big bland hotel. The breakfasts were worth missing as there are loads of great coffee shops within seconds of walking which open really early.	
Jul 27 2009 	Very nice hotel	Well I’ve been reading reviews on this hotel for a while and have just got back from a 3 night stay there.The check in could have been a little more efficient, but other than that, the room was spotless and had all you needed, a bed an en-suite bathroom and a TV. I mean it's central London you don't pay for a view it's a base to se the sites from.The hotel itself was large, central with good amenities, concierge service who were very helpful when I asked them a few questions. I didn’t use the bars or partake of the breakfast, as from the prices quoted in the room, previous reviewers were correct you can get cheaper locally.I would definitely return to this hotel for my semi-regular visits to London.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good hotel	Stayed here one night. Asked for a single 'club' room, in a quiet location. I had a lovely room, very clean on the 9th floor, overlooking the side of the hotel. Just what I asked for. I had a very good nights sleep. Room had a queen size bed. Flat screen TV with a good choice of chanels including German and Spanish. A very nice bathroom with shower above bath. No complaints with room, one of the best I had stayed in. Parts of the hotel are still being refurbished including some of the carpets. Breakfast was very good. Usual choice of fresh fruit, cooked breakfast, including eggs cooked to order, good range of bread. Overall very good and hot. This hotel is in an ideal location on the Strand, opposite the Savoy. A short walk to Trafalger Square. I would certainly stay in this hotel again, and my wife and I have said we would use it for a short break in London. I have no complaints with this hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good value for the money	This is an enormous hotel with several hundred rooms several restaurants and bars. Its conveniently located close to main sights in Soho, theaters and also close to the river and walking distance to London Eye. We had a clubtwin including breakfast for 145 ponds per night. I think we could have got a better deal booking on a short notice since there are probably many rooms free even on a short notice in a large hotel like this. The room had a light decor almost a scandinavan light wooden feeling. It was normal sized with a view towards a grey inner yard. The room was very warm and there was no air conditioning. A fan in the room helped a little. Room was equipped with a LCD television, a safe and coffee/tea making facilities. Hotel does have wifi but its not free. Very strange and unusual in these days. The bar offered free wifi for 30 minutes but we never managed to make it work not even after having got another code from the staff at the bar. The bathroom looked all new had a bathtub with shower. Breakfast was served in two different restaurants. It was crowded and risk for queue but the staff made everything possible to serve guests as quick as possible. The buffet was great with all you could imagine. Scrambled egs, fried egs, bacon ,sausages, pastries, cereals, yoghurt. Coffee or tea was served at your table. Since its such a large hotel there is often a queue at the reception but it was well organized and the express check out worked well.The hotel is probably a good value for the money considering what you normally pay for hotels in London and rooms are also newly refurbished. Big minus is the lack of air conditioning and free wifi.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nothing fancy but excellent value in a great location	I have stayed at the Strand Palace on five one-week business trips in five different Club Double rooms since May 2008. I was on my own each time, except for one trip when my wife joined me. Compared to other hotels in this area (or in London in general, many of which I have also stayed at over 15 years of business and personal travel) I think it is hard to find better value in a better location.Besides proximity to my office, for me the big advantages of being near Covent Garden are the easy and cheap one-vessel journey from Heathrow Airport on the Picadilly line and the abundance/variety of restaurants within 5-10 minutes walk. Wahaca is a particular favorite for hard-to-find, excellent Mexican food in the UK. As a tourist, I think it is difficult to find a more convenient location considering some of London's most popular sites as well as access to several tube and bus lines.This is a very large hotel with close to 100 rooms per floor over 8-10 floors. The regular double rooms are the same size as the Club Double rooms, but haven't been renovated recently and are hence slightly cheaper. The renovations seem to be progressing floor-by-floor over the course of several years so some floors will have all Club rooms and other floors will have all Regular rooms. I think the small price difference justifies the Club room. The hotel also has single rooms and I believe a few triples. Club Double room size and shape varies quite a bit, but typically they are small but efficient with flat panel TV with ppv movies, small closet, and safe. It was a bit cozy when my wife was with me, but other rooms I've stayed in since would have given us more space. Windows have sliding wooden shutters and a thin curtain. Rooms typically have small oscillating fans in lieu of a/c but this being London there are only a few weeks per year when this might be an issue. There are no mini-bars in the rooms but there is a prompt and not-too-unreasonable room service. Maids leaves two bottles of fresh water each day. Bathrooms are typically good sized, with a full tub and better-than-average water pressure in the shower. The hotel is very tourist-oriented and this is readily apparent as soon as you enter the lobby. Decor is decidedly less-than-chic but staff have always been very courteous and helpful to me. More than once I have asked to see the room before moving in and they were happy to let me change once or twice. A problem with a leaky shower was promptly fixed while I was out. I wouldn't recommend paying extra for the typically greasy somewhat dire English hotel breakfast buffet, but there's enough variety to make it palatable for 2 or 3 days if it's part of your hotel package.I recommend asking for an interior-facing room since rooms in the front of the hotel get a lot of traffic noise from the Strand and rooms in the back get a lot of noise in the morning from garbage pick-up. The Masque Bar downstairs is one of the few in the area that stay open until 3 or 4am and they do a heavy trade in beer bottles which create a decent racket getting dumped into the back of a truck each morning.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great roms and location for the price	I have stayed here many times over the years and was impressed with the Club rooms for design and comfort.It is excellent value for the money considering the locayion.I paid £85.00 for a single Club room with breakfast,which was more than acceptable,its always worth having breakfast early to avoid a lenghty wait	
Jul 23 2009 	I wish I had stayed somewhere else	Where do I begin? This was hands-down one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in, room-wise. To be objective, the location was pretty good and the service was average. We'd booked a Club Room (with king bed) which obviously one would expect to be better than the average room. Imagine my surprise when we saw the room! Besides being cramped (once we put down our 2 average-sized suitcases, there was hardly any room to move around), it was incredibly warm. There was no air-conditioning (even with the small electric fan provided in the room, it was STILL hot), and obviously no one wanted to spend any money buying curtains for the room because instead of curtains, there were wooden boards over the windows! Granted, you could open and close the boards, but they really made the whole place feel like a prison or a poorhouse. I was so adamant that this could NOT have been a Club room that I had to go downstairs and check with the Club Desk that we indeed did have a Club room, and worse still, the staff informed me that the room had been recently renovated! I wouldn't want to see what it looked like before. The bathroom was also incredibly cramped and the furniture and fittings looked really worn and old. The hotel corridors were long and winding and resembled a confusing maze, and there was scaffolding on our floor (8th). The housekeeping services left much to be desired, we returned one evening to find some plastic we had left on the table still there. Only the bed seemed to be made, that was all the housekeeper saw fit to do apparently.I really really regretted booking this hotel for 3 nights, especially when I realised that the Waldorf Hilton (just a couple blocks away) charged only very slightly more. I will never return to this hotel again, even if you paid me.	
Jul 21 2009 	Fantastic hotel!!!!Supprised it's only 3*	I have just returned from a weekend end stay at this fab hotel! I'd read the previous reviews before I booked &amp; to be honest it was far better than I'd expected.Me &amp;my partner booked a club double room which was on the 5th floor(previous reviews moaned about the lenght of time it takes to get the lifts up &amp; down-we never experienced any problems &amp; all 3 lifts came quickly)the room was a corner room over looking the strand, yes there was a little noise from the very busy strand below but the rooms have shutters that shut out almost all of the noise! The room was trendy, spacious and very clean. Plus the shower in the bathroom was excellent too! It was a warm week end and yes the hotel has no aircon but the fan in the room is all you need. The breakfast was great too!The major plus for me was that covent garden was less than a 1min walk around the corner, trafalgar square a 5min walk down the road and leciester square 5min walk up the road.We never had to use the tube once!!!The conciage if great too, as well as giving you all the info you need on how and where to get about london you can also book show tickets, bus tours with them etc .I've stayed in many hotels in Londons west end and this has to be the best so far mainly due to it's excellent location and great rooms.The only negative I could think of was the hotels bar prices £19 for two vodkas &amp; cokes!!Overall I would defenatly stay here again and would recomend this hotel as a must to stay at if you like being in the thick of londons action!	
Jul 19 2009 	Good Location Hotel needs Air-con	Great location, minutes from Covent Garden. Carvery is excellent value for money but drinks in the Bars are over the top.Queues for breakfast are rather long and very busy, not a relaxed start to your morning.We had a club room &amp; the layout is lovely with an excellent shower. However, the heat in the room is overwhelming &amp; stops you sleeping, this will stop me staying again. A ll public areas are air-con, why not the bedrooms!If location is what you want, this takes some beating, but the sheer heat in the rooms could spoil your stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	GOOD LOCATION AND FRIENDLY STAFF	Stayed there in July for one night only, as we were seeing a show. A very good location for theatres, the staff were very friendly, and the room was perfectly adequate, no air conditioning, but the room did come with a portable fan which was o.k.Only down side was price of drinks, and breakfast. We had a pint of beer in local pub for £2.50...hotel price for a bottle was £4.50....We also had a good breakfast in the side street next to hotel for £4.00 (full English).Would definitely stay there again and would recommend.	
Jul 18 2009 	Lovely hotel: Shame about the airless bedrooms	We had a lovely stay for two nights in this hotel. Room ready to book in well ahead of time stated on confirmation. Breakfast was excellent and plenty of choice. Dining room not big enough at the most popular times and quite a wait for a table. The biggest problem is the lack of air conditioning and opening windows in the bedrooms. Probably for this reason alone I would not stay again. Such a shame as location really excellent	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	I would definitely return here as the value for money via staff service and location of hotel is second to none. This is everything you expect from a hotel in London.The hotel is big and can get busy at breakfast time but is ideally positioned for everything london has to offer. Covent garden tube is up around the corner while charing cross is just down the street. The room could do with air con during the london summers tho as they can get quite warm.All in all - a great experience at the strand palace!	
Jul 15 2009 	Would definately return	My partner &amp; I stayed at the Starnd Palce hotel for 1 night in June 09 &amp; were very impressed. After spending hours trawling the internet trying to find reasonably priced hotels in London we found this one &amp; in comparison to the prices of many other London hotels this is much better. As many people have said the location is brilliant, 1 minute to Covent Garden which we loved. Hotel was very clean, staff were very friendly &amp; breakfast was great - lots of choice. The only negative I would have is the price of drinks in the hotel bar - I would recommend going elsewhere. But other than that we would defianately return to this hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	The Perfect Location (just don't count on the lifts !!).	As my title suggests, an excellent location, I was going to the Adelphi Theatre and couldn't have got any closer if I tried! The rooms were hot ( a fanatastic weekend weatherwise) and due to health and safety guidelines you couldn't open them further than the standard amount, BUT a fan was provided and I have been so happy to see a fan in my life !The hotel itself is a magnificant building, the staff, brilliant - always polite. Special mention - the Concierge, fantastic.I didn't try the breakfast , bit pricey - opting for the cafe next door (bargain!) On the negative side : The lifts worked but seemed to have a vendetta against the 7th floor where I was and really weren't adequate for the amount of people in the hotel.The Lounge Bar was not relaxing and felt more like a waiting room. But all in all, a fanatastic place to stay.	
Jul 9 2009	Better bring a travel iron	There are good qualities and bad qualities to this hotel. First, the bad. -They only have a limited number of irons. When I called housekeeping to request one, I was told that they were out. Instead, they have &quot;ironing rooms&quot; on two floors where there is an iron. I had to go to an incredibly hot room on a different floor each morning that other guests could see into. I swear I felt like the hired help. -There is no air conditioning so be prepared. I visited during a heat wave and it really was unbearable. -Yes, London hotel rooms are tiny. But friends, this one is really, really tiny. The good: -You cannot beat this location if you want to be near the center of the action. It's within walking distance to much nightlife. - I had a Club single that was modern and housekeeping cleaned it everyday. - If you book a club room, you have free access to a gym in the neighborhood.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Location.	The Stand Palace is a lovely clean and modern Hotel. The rooms are very hot with no air conditioning. The bathroom was spotless. The breakfast was great, plenty to choose from.We walked to most places and it's very central. Near the London Eye, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, and Buckingham Palace.	
Jul 9 2009 	Location Hard to Beat but the Rooms Are!	I was booked in here by some colleagues in London. In terms of location and value the Strand Palace is very hard to beat. In the middle of the Strand with Covent Garden and theatreland literally round the corner, the hotel is ideal for business and leisure trips. The common areas of the hotel are well kept and the lobby in particular gives the impression of a very well-run establishment. Similarly, all the staff I encountered were courteous, efficient and knew what they were doing. The doorman didn't seem interested in greeting any of the female guests that came in the main door but this is a mere trifle.There were no problems with my stay as such - the hotel is clean, safe and breakfast hearty - but there were some things that would make me think twice about making another booking. I had a 'club room' (a step up from standard) which as far as I could make out meant that the furniture all matched and there was a flat screen tv on the wall. The room was very small - but singles in London are - and, as with the rest of the hotel, it was very very hot. There was no heating or a/c control in the room so I made do with the electric fan which was on full blast all night!The other gripe was the bed and bedding. The bed was pretty hard and the bedding was not great quality. Perhaps the club rooms should have an upgrade in the pillows as well as a trendy headboard! The only other problem was noise. My room was on the 8th floor and overlooked the sidestreet looking onto the Lyceum Theatre - this meant noise until the early hours and then the binmen from 5am. So, if you do stay here, ask if they have any quiet rooms.Overall, this is a good hotel in terms of value and location. It's ideal if you just want a base in the centre of town. However, beware of the tradeoffs you have to make to save some cash!	
Jul 5 2009 	Great Location	The best thing about this hotel is the location it is pretty much central to most places.We arrived at Waterloo train station and it was about a 10-15 minute walk to the hotel.We stayed in a Club room which was very nice wih a good modern bathroom and a great shower. The only downside was that there was no air conditioning and the window could only be opened so far. As we only stayed the one night I guess it wasn't to much of a problem.The breakfast was very good and there was just about all you could want .We only has one drink in the bar and although the service here was very good we paid £9.00 for two small bottles of beer!!!! I know it's central London but at home the same beer in a local pub with stunning views over the harbour is £3.90. Surely if the drinks were more reasonable they would sell more! All in all a very plesant stay and due to the hotels location no doubt we shall return.	
Jul 3 2009 	Good basic hotel for £90 great location	Super location on the Strand, 2 minutes from Covent Garden and theatre district. A one night stay in a single Club Room for £90 via Last MInute (the hotel site wanted a minimum of 2 nights stay); small but clean, and adequately furnished. No A/C but a fan in the closet kept me cool in to 30 C. (90 F.) degree heat; Good bathroom that you could actually move around in . Considering some of the British hotel disasters I've stayed in, it was very good value for money. Did not experience any problems with noisy neighbors..	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location would return	Really couldn't fault this hotel and would definately return due to location alone. Close to West End, Trafalgar Square, tube stations, Covent Garden etc. We had room facing away from the street so no noise, would recommend asking for a room not directly over the street below. Also if booking via hotelclub for a double you will still need to ring and confirm you want a double room, not a twin. We didn't realise this and ended up with a twin.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great location disappointing hotel/	We paid more for this hotel than some others we'd seen because it looked like a lovely hotel in a great location. The location is very good, close to all the centre sights and very near to Covent Garden and CG tube. The rooms, although they have been refurbished, are small and dingy - we were in a King Size Double, so the standard rooms must be very small. The staff were helpful and friendly and the rooms were clean. The breakfast is not very good, it has all the usual stuff but it not all hot or well prepared and the staff are constantly crashing crockery around and clearing all around while you are trying to eat. Even though the service was meant to be finished at 10.30 in one of the breakfast rooms, they were clearing all the food away and relaying the tables for lunch by 10.00 which made people still eating feel rather unwelcome. We were also astonished to have to pay for the cases to be watched for an hour while we went for a final wander round after check out. As someone else has said, its not the money, but when you have paid for a decent hotel, it seems a bit mean of them - a bit like the budget airlines. Overall, not the best hotel I've ever stayed in and I wouldn't want to go there again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Location- room for improvement	I stayed there for 2 nights on a business trip. Location could not be better. Five minute walk to Charing Cross and bunch of bus lines and taxis. I had booked a &quot;club&quot; single room. I was pretty disappointed by the size and amenities of the room. Very basic for a 4 star hotel. One twin bed, a window that didn’t open and no A/C, only a fan. Bathroom ok and clean. I was &quot;lucky&quot; to get a better sized than normal single room...perhaps the size was 1.50m*2.00m?? so, very few room to move. The check in, was ok because they have a &quot;club&quot; line, so nothing compared to the &quot;standard room&quot; check-in line. The club rooms have the advantage to have a daily pass to the Virgin Active gym just steps from the hotel. Breakfast room is packed!! don’t expect quality, but enough to get your day going. Wi-Fi is free for 30 mins in the lobby area only. No WIFI in the rooms. If you forget your telephone charger, you can charge at a rate of 2GBP!! A bit chip for a 4-star hotel. The staff was ok. Some are very nice some are just doing their job...but that happens everywhere. I would go back to the hotel for a leisure trip but not for business.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not value for money	Standard rooms are all twin and small - nothing like the picture gallery. Had to pay extra 20 pound per day for upgrade to double bed as none available for both our 4 night stays. Rooms were hot and stuffy and reception staff were not friendly or helpful - concierge and cleaning staff were very good. No bar fridge in rooms and after spending over two thousand pounds had to pay six pounds to leave bags for 2 hours after check out - not the money but the principle. Convenient spot but would not stay again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location OK Rooms	The Strand's biggest advantage is its location, which can't be beat. One of us had a conference at a nearby university the other was a tourist so being a few minutes from Charing Cross tube station, and 10-20 minutes' walk from most other major sites was terrific. The standard rooms are small but tolerable for two adults although one side of the bed is jammed up against the wall. The room was stiflingly hot though without the fan, which we finally found hidden in the closet. Our room on the 7th floor looked onto an interior courtyard; even with the window open 24/7 to catch some nonexistent breezes, we were not disturbed at all by any noise. The breakfast buffet that comes with the room rate is generous with decent food; just get down there early to avoid huge lines and crowds. Didn't eat any other meals there but a look at the high-priced menus, compared with nearby restaurants, deterred us from even thinking about doing so.The hotel is therefore a good tourist hotel; safe, reasonably comfortable, included breakfast, and excellent location.The in-room wifi for standard rooms is outrageously priced at 16 pounds a day and their business &quot;service&quot; center downstairs had similarly extortionist pricing for printing up documents. It would be nice if the Strand re-thought this gouging but they probably won't. Be forewarned if internet is important to you.	
Jun 19 2009 	Small but comfortable	I stayed at The Strand Palace the last week of May over a &quot;bank holiday&quot; weekend. Overall, it was a nice stay. The room was very small, just enough space for the bed, a desk, and the bathroom. Though it was a holiday weekend, I was never bothered by the other occupants and they really jammed those rooms onto the floor. I counted how many there were on the map and it was over 30. The bed was comfortable, the room very modern with a nice flat screen TV and a room safe. Bathroom was a good size with a full shower. The breakfast each morning was free and sufficient and good enough to get me started for a day or touring and photography.The downside is that they JUST finished the renovation and the place still smelled of paint. I was on the first floor and my room opened up to a courtyard with some electrical units so I couldn't leave my window open to ventilate it. Although the bathroom was a good size, the lights were LED lights in the ceiling. That's a great energy saver and I appreciate the attempt at being green, but the light over the bathroom sink was BEHIND me...try shaving like that. And I could tell from the fumes that the building was far from green. I didn't spend much time in my room, but it would have been nice to have more than just BBC channels, like maybe CNN. The WiFi is not included and you have a choice of one hour or one day. Unfortunately, credit cards charge 3% for each international fee so every day I got the extra charge for buy WiFi. Also, at checkout the woman at the front desk asked if I wanted it in Pounds or Dollars. What she didn't tell me was that the Hotel adds an additional fee for the conversion, this in addition to the fee my credit card would charge. After sending a letter, they made the adjustment. Finally, the Website mentioned a free membership to a gym across the street, but that was never offered and I was too busy to ask about it.I would recommend The Strand Palace with the above caveats.	
Jun 16 2009 	Don't expect a quiet night....	Stayed one night and never again. Constant noise all night from people in tight corridors, inadequate sound proofed rooms, televisions/conversations in adjoining rooms, plant &amp; machinery on walls outside in courtyard. Worse night's sleep in a long time. Expect more for your money.	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	Stayed in a club single room for two nights and could not have been happier. The room was small but nicely decorated and very clean.All the staff I encountered were super helpful and friendly.You can't ask for a better location, the hotel is within walking distance to many of London's attractions.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good hotel	Stayed for one night in a single room. It cost £80 which I think is good value for such a good central location. Room was clean and functional. Bed comfy and the bathroom had decent toiletries. All the staff I spoke to were polite and helpful. Had some drinks in the Lounge Bar and the waitress gave us free pastries even though we didn't all have hot drinks (the pastries are free if you order tea or coffee apparently). Also had a cocktail in The Mask Bar which was open till 3am. Overall I thought this was a nice hotel. Not somewhere you would go if you wanted to spend all your time in the hotel room but great if you just want to use the room for sleeping.	
Jun 7 2009 	excellent location-minor comfort	I stayed at the Strand Palace for 3 nights. Location is perfect for exploring the city (only 5 minutes form Charing cross station) and perfect for visiting some theatres in the west end. Hotel itself seems to be refurbished in some parts but there are lots of details that remind u how old the house is. For example the missing air condition, problems with the water pressure and the fittings in the bath room. I got myself a club room which was quite small but ok apart from the details i just mentioned. During the summer time i would not advice to take a room in the upper floors. And: don´t try to take your breakfast (if included) between 9 an 10 am, the restaurant is horribly crowded then. So if u´r lookin for a place to explore London and u could get a good deal on a Club room, ucould do worse than stay in the Stand Palace !	
Jun 3 2009 	great location for theatre land	stayed one night to go to show, brilliant location only 5 mins from durery lane. good price but you get 3 star accomodation. no air con in room so was very hot, room was small but only to be expected for the price. ate in hotel restaurant before show - 2 course deal well worth the money	
May 25 2009 	Never Again!	Stayed here recently for 3 nights on a short business/leisure stopover in London.I've stayed in some pretty average hotels around the world, but this one has to take the cake. When I checked in (pretty late at night), everything seemed well and good. The staff were friendly, the place looked nice. Got to my room, that looked good as well. Not a bad size for a London hotel room given what I paid (100 quid a night on Expedia including breakfast). The bathroom was nice, big deep bath and good water pressure in the shower. The breakfast in the downstairs dining room was decent.Going to sleep that first night, I thought the hotel was pretty good. Only when I woke up in the morning, I had a really really nasty red rash ALL OVER my body. Now I know hotels have bed bugs, but I have never suffered this badly (and I was wearing long sleeved PJ top and long PJ pants!). It was horrible. I mentioned it to the hotel reception and they said it had nothing to do with the hotel and maybe I'd come into contact with something I was allergic to...Yeah, their beds! I slept on top of the blanket the next 2 nights and still suffered. Amazingly enough the rash disappeared the day after I checked out.This ruined what would have otherwise been a pretty good stay at the hotel.	
May 21 2009 	Disappointed	The pictures are deceiving. Don't be fooled by the nice looking furniture -- the hotel is old and crickety. The plumbing needs help. I tried to avoid flushing the toilet until I left my room because otherwise I had to hear the water running through the pipes for 15 minutes. On the other hand, the bed was comfortable and the breakfast was very good. Good location as well -- but I've definitely stayed in better 3 star hotels.	
May 20 2009 	Good hotel and great location	I booked a single standard room. Altough the room was small it was cozy, nicely furbished and it gave me a nice feeling. The corridor was narrow with lots of doors like in a train:) The location is great and the staff very helpful and friendly. This is a great hotel for London, suited for both leisure, party and business trips. It is near convent garden and all the great pubs and shopping area.The hotel offers different types of rooms to different prices.It has the atmosphere of a classic, big hotel. Very good value!	
May 20 2009 	Very Good location for Central london	Good comfortable stay for people who have offices in Central London. Take the corner room as its bigger.GBP 100-110 is a good deal. Have the breakfast at Hotel as it's sumptuous although repetitive. Some great Landmarks are just a stroll away. London Eye, Lecister square etc	
May 15 2009 	Excellent break away	The room was very good nice and clean, The breakfast was excellent, all you could eat and the service was very good, staff were very friendly and helpful and the location was excellent for the theatre and shopping. Covent garden is around the corner, where you could also eat or have a drink. All in all an excellent break away.	
May 14 2009 	Excellent	I have just returned from my second stay at the Strand. Last year I had a room facing the Strand, this time I looked out into the tiny inner courtyard which was boring. But as there are major roadworks going on at the Strand at least it was extremely quiet! The room was a good size and perfectly clean, I felt perfectly at home. The service was faultless, the breakfast of fantastic variety, something for everybodys taste. Obviously the location of the hotel is also excellent, I arrived in Gatwick, the Express took me to Victoria and from there it was only 3 stops to Embankment, about 5 minutes walk to the Hotel. Perfect! I left my comments card at reception when I left and the only thing I regreted about my stay was the fact that I would have liked a room with a view as this is more interesting for a single person. The next day I got an email from the hotel thanking me for my comments and promising me a room to the front if I requested &quot;facing the Strand&quot; next time. Great service, I will be back and so will my family and friends I recommended this hotel to. Also, if you have to leave to leave your luggage between checking out and going to the airport, this only costs 2 pounds for the day, very reasonable.	
May 13 2009 	Fantastic location excellent value for money nice refurbished room I'll be back!	I chose this hotel for my weekend away after having stayed in the 5 star Atheneum hotel last time, and been really disappointed (see other review). I thought I'd go for a hotel that was in a great location, and was reasonable, but nothing fancy, and as a result did not have very high expectations.In fact I was pretty impressed. It has a great location, slap bang in between Covent Garden and Charing cross tubes, Trafalgar Square just a 10 minute walk, Covent Garden barely 5. The hotel is undergoing a refurb, though it did not bother me where I was - there were decorators at one end by day, but they were very quiet. The areas that are done look good. I had one of the refurbished rooms on he first floor. It was a standard single. Everything was very clean and new, there was a nice flat screen TV, and the bathroom had a power shower and enormous cubicle. The only downsides were that I was at the back, and looked out onto a quadrangle with some unsightly construction in the middle - there was no view at all! However, there were nice wooden blinds and I just kept these shut and it was fine. Plus the room seemed hot the first day, and I couldn't work out why (radiator off); couldn't open windows. The concierges were very helpful, and check in efficient. The queues for breakfast were a bit long, though moved quite quickly, and there was lots of choice at breakfast. All in all, for a good value place to stay in a fab location, I was really impressed. I'd definitely stay there again!	
May 12 2009 	What an improvement	Wow what a difference….. This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel and I can honestly say, I will book again. The hotel management and staff must be congratulated on the improvement they have made the this fantastically located hotel.I first stayed here in 1997 and thought the hotel the hotel service and rooms were ok, with a superb location right in the heart of the West End. Imagine my disappointment when I stayed here again a few years later, what a disaster!! Tired rooms, which to be honest didn’t look too clean, and a breakfast service which could only be described as comical…. Staff running around like headless chickens – and still failing to deliver coffee to mine or my neighbours table. I was so disappointed that I didn’t stay at the hotel on my next visits to the capital, and I was somewhat apprehensive when I booked a two-night weekend break recently.I needed have worried. It was like walking into another hotel completely. The atmosphere was the first thing I noticed, with groups of guests sitting and chatting in the newly decorated lobby, they were obviously, happy and contented and enjoying their stay.The check-in was pleasant, speed, even though a number of guests had arrived at the same time. I was dealt with extremely courteously, and was in my room in no time.OK, I’m going to be honest here, I booked a single club room which was a little on the small side and too warm, it was only a spring day, I would have found the room far too hot in summer. However, having said that, the room was obviously recently renovated and a very fine job had been done to it too. Very comfortable and spotlessly clean bed, plasma TV and a clean a pleasant – if tiny bathroom completed the room package.So OK the room was a little tiny, and if you want the extra star, you’re going to have the think about air-conditioning, and where’s the mini-bar….?The biggest improvement the hotel has made is to its service in the restaurants! Breakfast both mornings was an efficient and relaxing, unhurried pleasure… the choice and quality of food available was excellent and the staff, helpful superbly efficient turning tables around quickly but without ever giving the impression of wanting to rush people out. Full marks to staff!!Would I stay here again, absolutely, I’m already planning my next trip….. If you’ve stopped here before and had a bad experience….. Consider giving it another go, yes its still a little rough around the edges. The rooms, single ones at least are tiny…. But if the hotel continues with these improvements and keeps up this level of service, then I for one will be returning time and time again.	
May 11 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	Just back from a two night stay in this hotel. I had a single room which although was quite basic wasnt overly small but had no view at all. . The location is great as it's only a short walk to the west end. The breakfast was also very good and i would stay in this hotel again.	
May 10 2009 	Great location and stay	The Strand Palace hotel is excellent located near Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester square etc. When visiting London for leisure, you almost don't need to use any public transport. Lot's of great shops, pubs, restaurants and musicals around the corner.We stayed in a standard twin bedroom, great size, good facilities and the room was cleaned everyday. Free English breakfast was excellent, enough fruits, different kind of breads and eggs, cheese, sausages, croissants etc. The room tended to be a bit warm, so we always kept the windows open. Great hotel, would definitely stay here again when visiting London next time!	
May 6 2009 	Lovely stay and excellent location	We stayed here with a 7 year old, the room was a good size with a double sofa bed and decent sized comfy double bed with 2 TV's which was excellent! the bathroom was very small but ok for what we needed. Hotel was clean, we didnt have a very good view a but couldn't complain as there was no noise from the strand at all. Only real issue was the heat the rooms arn't air conditioned so it got pretty hot at night even with the windows open all day, there was a tall fan in the room which helped. Reception staff were lovely and doormen so polite.I read a few bad reviews before staying here so was slightly nervous as it was our first stay in London, but for us it was perfect and can't complain, the location is fantastic. Even with a 7 year old who hates walking we were only 4 mins from Covent Garden 5 mins from Charing cross and only about a 10minute walk from London eye big ben etc. We went to watch the lion king (absolutely fantastic show) and it is quite literally just around the corner to the lyceum theatre.I didnt eat at the hotel as there wasnt much choice for children but there are so many nice places to eat around the area. We ate at Garfunkles in the evening just a few mins down the road it was nice food and reasonably priced and had a decent childrens menu.There is a tesco express very close and a boots so your never too far away from what you need. The hotel room had toiletries although if you are staying longer than a night then take your own as they are very tiny bottles.It said our (club) room had sky TV true but you do have to pay for it otherwise you just get channle 1 2 3 4 5 and itv2, films wernt too badly price we payed for Madagascar 2 £3.99 but you could watch it when ever you liked throughout your stay. Overall a great hotel in a fantastic location i would stay here again without a doubt.	
May 6 2009 	Great locationClub room was tiny	clean room but extremely tiny :(not ventilated at all and we had major problem on the hot days or even when we used the hot shower/water as the room was like a steam roomfan in the shower stuck from dirtcleaning was oklocation excellentservice of the staff more than ok	
May 3 2009	One of the best	Have tried many hotels in central London and have used Strand Palace on many occasions. Have found no other hotel to beat the Strand Palace. Rooms are a good size and the hotel is spotlessly clean (they seem to have an army of staff constantly polishing away !). The staff are pleasantly friendly and helpful and make you feel like they welcome and value your custome. Any time I've encountered a problem or a mistake they've sorted it out quickly and without fuss. Club rooms, although much more expensive, are excellent. Location is perfect for tourism and nightlife. Highly recommended hotel. In fact, the only negative aspect is that the hotel is becoming so popular prices are climbing upwards.	
May 1 2009 	Excellent Quality.. Excellent location	The Strand Palace has a beautiful lobby and a very helpful staff. The room was nice and priced ok. The concierge was helpful with maps and information about London Tours.I also appreciated the doorman being courteous.Thanks!	
Apr 29 2009 	Poor Service very basic rooms not ideal for a beautiful stay in London	Basically, I had to wait forty minutes to get in to breakfast in the morning, and then I had to wait whilst in to get any food...and whilst sitting down I had the staff rushing me to scoff my breakfast. For a massive hotel it is a tiny dinner area. The lovely reception does not match the low quality of the rooms. You are charged extra for internet..and everything else. In summary, it is okay as a business place of stay if somebody else is paying but if you are paying then I would encourage you to find somewhere else. The club roms offer a Virgin Fitness Pass but they did not have any when I was there...suspicious!	
Apr 24 2009 	Decent Place	Stay for a week was not bad. some rooms have no view and some have a road view.The locaction is very good for commuting within London,	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Excellent Location	I recently stayed with a friend in this hotel, purpose of out trip was leisure, shopping, west end show etc. and I can honestly not fault the hotel. The location was excellent, around the corner from Trafalgar Square and Covent Garden. I was surprised with the size and amount of rooms in the hotel, it's huge. Location was the biggest plus for us though. The only thing I can say is that we were waken by housekeeping at 9am so be sure to put out your Do Not Disturb sign if you want a lie in!!!We also had to pay £2 to leave our luggage for the day when we checked out because our flight was not until the evening, in my mind this was great value for money to know your luggage was safe! Had never seen a hotel charge for this service though! Note we also did not eat in the hotel so I can't comment on the food. Overall I would definetly recommend and will return to this hotel again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Rooms didn't look like the website	Booked this hotel on Orbitz for $110. Didn't appear at all like the photos on the website. The room was clean but older, and the bathroom was large. The bed was comfortable, and there were many tv selections. The best part was the location, near the theater district, within walking distance of Traflagar Square, and near a couple of underground stations. Skip breakfast at the hotel and pick up something at the pub, or Exiter just up the street (eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, beans, coffe/tea for 4 pounds). There are quite a few stores across the street, Boots (everything from candy to nail polish remover), and Tesco (grocery store with fresh pastries everyday). Beware, just to dial a call costs 2 pounds.	
Apr 14 2009 	Noisey for the price	A well appointed Hotel-and well positioned.I booked for a theatre visit for myself, wife and child, and wanted the young 4 year old to have an afternoon sleep prior to evening theatre. Impossible due to the loud drilling and banging below and around us.When i complained to reception that it was too noisey at 4pm he advised &quot;We have to due refurbishment and they will finish at 5.30&quot; and that was that! -No other room available.Not for the weary traveller or someone needing afternoon peace!	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect location great service good value.	My 16 year old daughter and I went to London for 5 nights. Strand Palace was perfect location, just minutes from Charing Cross or Covent Garden tube and buses. Staff were very helpful and pleasant, full breakfast was fresh, bountiful, and delicious. Room was simple, but clean, quiet, and spacious enough for a teen ager and her mother. Staff had good recommendations for the neighborhood for food and theater. We'd stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Really pleasant hotel	Easy check in and no fuss service. It is large but you do not really feel that this detracts. Soundproofing is good. Management dealt swiftly with some noisy guests on my floor. I am not a fan of the buffet breakfast but this is a good one, not massive choice but everything just right and efficient and friendly team. The Club bedroom was petit but newly decorated and spotless and there was enough space to work with my laptop. Flat screen TV and bath. Convenient for many west end theatres, also Covent Garden and Soho.	
Apr 4 2009 	I'd Do the Strand Again ...	I booked The Strand for a last-minute, four night stay based on reviews read here on Trip Advisor. I don't mind budget hotels, but I can't handle sub-par cleanliness. One of the reviews here described the rooms as &quot;sparkling&quot; and that, along with my budget, sealed the deal for me.I reserved a club room, which included breakfast. After my long flight, I showed up hoping for an early check in, but prepared to store my bags and taking a jet-lagged tour of the area. The agent at the front desk checked me in immediately, gave me a brief orientation of the hotel and surrounding area, and sent me on my way. When I entered the room, the first thing I noticed was how clean it was.My room overlooked the Strand and was subjected to a considerable amount of road noise; however, the wooden shutters definitely helped. The weather while I was there was such that I could leave the window cracked at night, which made for a wonderful sleeping temperature. There was an oscillating floor fan in the room and no A/C. I probably wouldn't use this hotel during the summer, but that's just me. The room is definitely basic, but I'll take basic and clean over luxury and dirty any day.Breakfast was great, but I noticed several places only a short walk from the hotel where breakfast could be had for a considerably cheaper price. Didn't eat at any of them, so can't speak to the quality. Breakfast at the Strand was plentiful, hot, and actually very tasty. On my last day there, I went later than usual and encountered a long line. The hostess promptly led us to one of the other restaurants and seated us there. Everyday there was a variety of pastries, breads, meats (sausage, bacon, blood pudding), eggs, broiled tomatoes, cereals, juices, fresh fruits, etc., etc. After breakfast, each day I was never hungry again until dinner.Overall, this was a good choice. I walked to the Thames, the theater, and the Tube with ease. A Booth drugstore is across the street, Tesco foods right down the street, and several other retail outlets nearby. Great location!	
Apr 2 2009 	NO A/C - Poor Management	Yes, no A/C, that was bad but to make it worst we paid to use their Internet on TV and it never worked right, talking to the on duty manager was a waste of time, she even told us we picked the wrong hotel because our executive room didn't offer what an &quot;executive room&quot; should offer.Would never stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for one night the 30 March,Hotel has a great location on the Strand, 2 minutes from Covent Garden. Several busses just outside the hotel. We were luckey at check in and got a big room at the 8 floor.	
Mar 28 2009 	Fab hotel in great location	I was very impressed with the Strand Palace. I chose to pay the extra for a Club room - the ones that have been given an overhaul - and it was well worth the extra cash. If you want to stick to your normal fitness routine, the Club option also includes the use of facilities at a nearby gym. It was a King size room, which was very comfortable and modern. The bathroom was fab - very modern with beautiful fittings, and the shower was fantastic. I was in a room at the back so it was much quieter than the ones overlooking the Strand. It was easy to turn up the heating if required, but I'm not sure how cool it is in the heat of the summer, as the only form of air conditioning seemed to be a plug-in electric desk fan.The breakfast was well worth including in the booking as it was really nice, with a choice of hot, cold, the full English, cereals, continental and great fresh fruit - something for everyone, and buffet style so you can have as much as you like.It was very close to loads of famous sights and in the heart of theatreland. Covent Garden is just around the corner and it is a short walk to the Thames. As locations go, it is excellent.	
Mar 26 2009	Opinion and Experience: Not Recomendeed	I stayed in this hotel and found it to be quite old and expensive for what it offers. Rooms are not actually as advertised.	
Mar 25 2009 	great location great value	Really good price, including breakfast. So we were not sure what to expect for the price but we were very happy with it. Room (club king) although small, was very clean and good shower - so fine for a one night stay over. Reception and concierge helpful and friendly. Breakfast was usual hotel buffet style, and again was good value and fine for what we wanted. Would stay again due to such a great location and good price for central london.	
Mar 24 2009 	Very good !	We can recommend this hotel to everyone ! The location is perfect - in the center of London - we did not need the tube, most sightseeing places (National Gallery, British Museum, Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Buckingham Palace, St. Pauls'Cathedral, etc.) are in a short walk distance. The Thames is only 3 minutes away - boats bring you to places further away.The Club rooms are large with a very good bed. The cleanliness is good as well.Breakfast is okay: typical English mixed with continental food and bathing facilities.Due to its location you pick up some street noise (closing the shutters reduces it a lot - however, in summertime temperature in the room will rise.... there is no airco, only a fan)Inside the hotel you find two restaurants, two bars and a concierge desk - 12 hours a day 3 employees of this desk can give you all kind of touristic information.We booked a 'winter package' EP 732 for 6 nights - the relation between price and quality is really ok.Should we visit London again we certainly will book this hotel again.	
Mar 22 2009 	would definately go back...	my partner and i stayed here as a birthday treat, i wasnt looking for 5 * quality, ive stayed in 4 &amp; 5 * hotels in london before and this was eqaully as good, i wanted something close to all the action, a nice comfy, clean bed to sleep in and a good hearty breakfast (which was excellent) to wake up to. The Strand Palace provided all of this and i have to say, i was very impressed. The only down side (and a very minor thing) would be the noise from traffic, which pretty much seems to be all night , my fault as i should have bought ear plugs and what do you expect from a central London hotel!. i cannot really fault this hotel, it is literally a 2 minute walk out of the hotel and straight into the hustle and bustle that is Covent Garden. We paid £111.00 for a club room and full english breakfast. We loved it and im already planning another trip back there soon. whilst its not the Ritz it certainly exceeded my expectations and as long as your not looking for luxury this hotel is an excellent base for shopping/sighteseeing/theatres etc.	
Mar 20 2009 	OK for the price but starting to get tatty	Acceptable business hotel in terms of service and cleanliness. My partner and I tried to check in at 8 only to find the fire alarm going off and an engine outside. Tried booking in later to be met by fairly short service little explanation and no apology.Lobbies tired and a bit musty. Doors connecting lift areas to corridors bashed and unloved. Lifts starting to look tatty and peeling. Hallways and rooms in need of refurb but acceptable to stay in.Room smallish but ok for London on a mid budget. Resembles a clean but unloved 1980's Travelodge.No mini bar, windows did not open, air con not needed but looked like it would not work, and cheepy fan in the wardrobe.Bed a bit short, blackout blinds ok but not great, bathroom tired but clean.Toiletries good standard, hot water, powerful shower, ceiling low so not above head height.Main bar bright and unwelcoming, cocktail bar better but much too expensive and definitely seen better days.Lobby ok - loos clean but worn and dated.Breakfast good for price, wide choice and good service - in fact very good service. Checkout quick and efficient.Overall. The hotel needs money spending on it and hence it’s offering itself out cheaply to discounters. For about £109 you can get an ok room on the Strand with breakfast. If paying more or looking to be impressed then plan something else.I’d go back if I could not find a better deal as the breakfast was nice and location good.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great location and great staff	I stay in London a great deal as I support one of the major Orchestras. I cannot fault the staff and the rooms are fine, apart from slightly soft beds and quirky heating. Some of the cheaper rooms do not have double glazing but that is not the end of the world. The breakfast is very good and, should you eat other meals there (I do occasionally) they are also good. As with most London hotels these days, breakfast is not automatically included and as the hotel rates go up this is not good. I have tried other hotels, some not as pricey and some all inclusive but I return as it is convenient being on just about all bus routes to all parts of London (a good walk to a tube but I hate the tube), close to shops, walking distance to the RA in Piccadilly, where I go often and the staff, as said, are excellent. If they could keep the rates down it would be even better as it is costly to stay in London on a regular basis when it isn't for business. Found hotels can be cheaper (and excellent) in Europe, even Switzerland!	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect Location	This hotel is perfect location for those who want to be central to most attractions with Houses of Parliament, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, London Eye and Waterloo station all within twenty minutes . The hotel is two minutes from the centre of Covent Garden.The hotel room I stayed in was a single and was clean and modern inside. The shower was very good so no complaints at all. Late check out of 12 o`clock was also good.I didnt sample the food at the hotel as there were dozens of restaurants and bars in the nearby area.I would definitely stay at this hotel again	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. Its very reasonable, the rooms were very clean and had everything we needed for a one night stay. The location is unbeatable and the staff very helpful.The only fault i can find was the 20mins queue for breakfast. The breakfast itself was average, the tinned fruit wasn't a great idea either.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 15 2009 	unbeatable location	We have stayed at the Strand Palace on 5 occasions and have always enjoyed our stay. The rooms are average, but you get what you pay for. The location can't be beaten and is ideal for theatreland, covent garden, the London Eye and many other attractions.The buffet breakfast is good and plentiful.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good hotel to stay in	Booked this hotel for a birthday visit to London and the theatres, we were very pleased with our choice.Our room was very comfortable and clean[bathroom gleamed], the food was good.and plentiful, the staff friendly and helpful. We would certainly recommend it to others.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great Hotel near Covent Garden and Embankment	Stayed here just overnight. Nice welcome at reception and quickly up to Club room. Nice room with everything you need althouh bed was a bit saggy, clean with shutters on window to keep out noise of street, great breakfast. Sorted.	
Mar 6 2009 	The place to stay in London	Booked this hotel initially for business but that didn't materialise so we decided to make a leisure break of it. Impressed by the newly refurbished lobby. Booked into a Club room and it was well worth the extra. We had a newly refurbished room on the fifth floor overlooking The Strand. Traffic noise not much of a problem as there were noise deadening shutters on the window. Couldn't fault the room or the hotel. Everyone was so polite and friendly. Massive breakfast, help yourself !!! So convenient for everything. We walked everywhere. Sorry when we had to go home. Will definitely use The Strand Palace agaon soon.	
Mar 3 2009 	Brillant location helpful staff nice room	My sister and I booked this hotel for three nights for my birthday weekend (27 Feb-2 Mar)and we were not disappointed. We have visited the Strand Palace many times over the years for dinner and drinks but this was the first time we had actually stayed there. It was very convenient for Covent Garden and the Drury Lane theatre where we went to see Oliver! and it was great not to have to bring the car to London. We had booked a Club Room and my sister had contacted the hotel beforehand to tell them it was my birthday and we were promised a nice room which is exactly what we got. It was very spacious and well appointed. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and when we asked for a fridge for the room, one was brought up within minutes as were complimentary bathrobes and a vase for some flowers that I was given. Nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff we had contact with. On top of that, because we had booked a Club Room, we had use of the local Virgin Health Club over the road at no extra charge and it was lovely to use their facilities which included a pool. I would definitely stay at this hotel again on future trips to London.	
Mar 3 2009 	Can't beat location but bring earplugs	This is my second stay at the Strand Palace - first one was in May 2007 and I was extremely pleased with the service. You can't beat the location - great centrally to all the attractions - Covent Garden tube station is 2 blocks away - direct Picadilly line access from Heathrow which is an added bonus.The only downside to this hotel is the street noise - I actually couldn't sleep the traffic noise from the Strand was so bad- I called the desk at 1am to request a room change (which they immediately accomodated) and asked for a different location but the noise was just as bad on the other side of the building - didn't have this problem my first time there -I may try another hotel next time in London only for this fact alone - otherwise I couldn't be happier with the Strand.	
Feb 28 2009 	Good location	I traveled to London many times in the past and most of the time I stayed in Strand Palace. This time my wife and I traveled together and we make our reservation almost six months ago with a very cheap price BB for 5 nights. The reason of our choice is because the Strand Palace is center of London theatre area where we easily access the shows. The room was small as I expected, and we didn’t accept room upgrade offer because I knew that there wouldn’t be too much difference. Nowadays even 4 star hotels have no coffee/tea making facilities but Strand has still this service in the room. Although the receptionist said the hotel is renewed I didn’t notice any change in the corridors, rooms etc. We liked the breakfast , it was satisfactory. With this price and facilities Strand Hotel is still a good one in Central London.	
Feb 26 2009 	Good location - poor standard of room	The hotel is situated in a central location, ideal for Covent Garden, Leicester Square, theatres, Whitehall etc. I booked a single room for 1 night, cost was £88. The room was dark, very dated, in need of complete refurbishment, dirty carpets. The hallways were also in need of refurbishment, some of the carpets were taped together. I was unable to tell how clean most things in the room were as they were so old!I didn't eat at this hotel, so cannot comment on the food.I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great location - awful breakfast!!	We stayed at the Strand Palace for three nights in January and we don't regret it. The location is perfect and I think it's a good value for money. The room was quite small but the bed was huge and very comfortable! it was not a Strand facing room so there was absolutely no noise and sleeping on that bed was a very relaxing experience. Our problem was breakfast: if you don't like English breakfast you won't be able to eat anything. We just can't have bacon, sausages and beans in the morning and it's a pity they don't provide a variety of anything else for customers who do not prefer English breakast. On our arrival day we had to wait a long time for check -in and that disturbed us a little. The hotel is huge and there are always a lot of people waiting to check in or out. I would definitely recommend this hotel for its location and price and probably go back when in London again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Greate location!!!!!!	this hotel has a greate location.The room is a bit smal but OK. If you upgrate to a Club room (25£ night) will U get a bigger and new room.The internet is expencive and breakfast is good but was not incudet.Summery: Good hotel. but when u add club room, internet and breakfast, is this hotel not very cheap anymore.	
Feb 15 2009 	Great value good location no problems	This was my first stay at the hotel. The public areas are not very inspiring - look a bit like an airport departure lounge; but I'm more interested in the standard of my room. Checking in and out was problem free. I had a single room for about £80 inc tax and breakfast, a good price for central London. The room was a reasonable size, the bathroom was modern with a bath and shower. Everything was clean and worked. The only problem I experienced was the lack of hot water at 8am shortly followed by total lack of water. I rang down to reception and was told that it was due to the water company shutting off the supply in the street while they were doing mains replacement. Everything returned to normal at 9.15am. I've only given the hotel a 3 for service because they weren't more proactive in telling guests about this problem. No idea how much notice they got from the water company. [There are lots of water main replacements taking place in London, this is causing problems for many hotels when water gets cut off or the pressure drops (and boilers cut-out)].I didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food or service.	
Feb 13 2009 	overpriced mediocre value	Booked this hotel as it was recommended by the organisers of a conference I attended nearby.I was very unimpressed by the hotel's unpleasently lit and crowded public areas.I booked a double &quot;Club Room&quot; - I couldn't believe this is what they call what is actually a closet-sized spaced. There was no air conditioning or even heating in the room, so I stayed very cold when the tempratures outside were freezing. I can only imagine the experience in a hot summer, when the only relief will come from a small window that can only be opened a few inches. There were also visible damp stains on the wall, and the whole experience was pretty uncomfortable. Breakfast was the usual unhealthy grease fair, with almost no fresh healthy alternatives.I must also mention the over-priced internet service (at 15 GBP for an unlimited, rather slow, connection).On the plus side, the staff were very pleasent and helpful.All in all, this is basiclly a 3 star hotel taking 4 star prices, and the good central location can't overcome the miniscule rooms, lack of a/c and heating, and drab environment.	
Feb 12 2009 	Excellent location good value for a fair price	The Strand Palace has special offers quite often. A Club single room for GBP 98 is a good deal for London at this excellent location, especially if you go to West end theatre shows. Make sure however you get a room at the back, The Strand is quite noisy. There is a good choice for breakfast although there might be some waiting. The room was modern, clean and relatively spacious for London standards. Unlike in most other hotels of this category the bathroom was rather big. At least, this was true for my room...	
Feb 10 2009 	Superb location and value for money	This is the 5th time I have stayed at the Strand Palace, and was here for 8 days in total this time.Located on the Strand itself, the hotel is only 5 minutes walk from Charing Cross and Trafalgar Square, 2 minutes walk from Covent Garden (and about 3 minutes from Covent Garden tube station). All the main theatres are within 20 minutes walk - that's what I went for.Check in was immediate, even though I turned up early. The room was clean and well presented, and everything worked. Half way through my stay the power went off in my room, but maintenance were there in 5 minutes (3 of them!) and everything was back to normal within 30 minutes .Full English breakfast was good and no queues (I went down to breakfast about 8.15 each morning). All staff were friendly, polite and helpful.I've stayed at posher and far more expensive hotels, but in my experience for value for money and location, the Strand Palace is hard to beat and always my first choice hotel. Highly recommended.	
Feb 5 2009	as excellent an experience as previous stays	This was the third time we have used this hotel. As earlier, this time was as well, an excellent experience. The excellent location makes acces to theatres, shops , sight and public transport extremely easy and convenient. Just as before, the staff was most helpful and considerate. We loved staying here and will certainly book our next stay in London at the Strand Palace Hote	
Feb 3 2009 	Good Hotel for the Price	I stayed for one night in one of their Club rooms which was nicely decorated and very clean. Overall I found the hotel very good indeed considering the relatively low price. The location is superb being on the very edge of Covent Garden and within spitting distance of the Thames. The staff were all very helpful, check-in was quick, and the breakfast buffet more than adequate. I would recommend this hotel for a business trip, or a trip to one of the nearby theaters.	
Jan 30 2009 	average	stayed here on business for one night.My company won't pay for the ugrade to a club room - about 500 of the 700 odd rooms are club rooms now. So in a small single on 7th floor. Had a room overlooking Strand, so a bit noisy.Small room, but clean especially bathroom and comfortable although carpet worn.A colleague had a bad experience with one of the internal rooms on this floor, which was dingy and no mobile reception, but facing the Strand OK.Breakfast was the usual buffet affair, but good, and best of all they had porridge.Good value for the price paid.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great value for the location	I've both lived in London and stayed at a lot of hotels there, and I found the Strand Palace to be above average. It's not fancy, but the furnishings are in good condition, the room was very clean (and I am fussy), the bathroom was large, the location is outstanding and the staff were obliging and helpful. My single room was small'ish by North American standards, but it had a proper closet, desk, and leather chair. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great location "but"	We have stayed at the strand a few times before without any problems, rooms clean, ample breakfast and a great location.However on this visit - on arrival we were told that our room had been cancelled the previous day by an email from the web company we used for booking, despite us having paid balance in full at time of booking. After a phone call by the receptionist we were re booked into another room on the 6th floor. &quot; The but &quot; This room smelled damp, there was mildew around the seals in bathroom and around the inner window frames. The bedroom also had mildew on wall and we could also see trickles of condensation running down the wall. The bedroom windows were also soaking with condensation and could not be opened to allow air into room. We would probably stay here again, just not on the 6th floor.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great value London hotel - lovely rooms great location	For anyone who has read my previous reviews, most will notice that I take issue with London hotels quite regularly....they charge a lot and are usually significantly worse than their out of London equivalents ..so I normally head into these hotels expecting the worse.The Strand Palace has a great location..as you would expect on the Strand, so about a 5 minute walk from Covent Garden..perfect. On walking into reception, I started to think that maybe it was ok ..it reminded me of the St Giles hotel in London (another really good value hotel which has impressed me) so my mood lifted.Reception check inn was fine, if not a little strange as the reception guy haggled with me for a room upgrade from single to double...it was quite fun actually and I was happy to pay the extra £25. All in all the double room came to about £130 ..not bad in London.The room was really lovely for the money. Modern, beechwood with all the facilities you would want (flat screen tv, desk, hair dryer, complimentary water etc) - a nice touch was shutters on the windows to try and limit the noise from the street - which can be an issue if you are facing the strand. Some hotels do really great double glazing which shuts the noise out completely...this one doesnt, so you can still hear it, but the shutters help.The beds had lovely duvets rather than blankets..a major choice for me and the bathroom although a little more dated than the room was also fine.Breakfast in the morning was a really good value affair included in the price...so all in all, I would take this hotel over some of the more pricier ones in town. For instance, I have stayed reasonably regularly at the Radisson Mountbatten - for their standard room, you would probably pay about £160 to £200. The rooms can be small and the decor isnt significantly different to the Strand Palace ...so I think that this is a good all round bet.	
Jan 22 2009 	A draughty noisy cupboard of a room	My employer booked me into this hotel with other colleagues. The check in queue was long and the receptionist was curt, expecting me to know that she required both my name and employer's details. I don't recall every needing any information except my name on checking in to any other hotel!!!We were all given &quot;club&quot; rooms, but in every case the only &quot;extra&quot; over and above a normal room would appear to be a free bottle of water. My 3rd floor room overlooked a side street, but the noise even with the windows and the wooden shutters (which replace curtains) closed, the noise from the street was unbearable. Also the windows are really old and there was a draught coming through into the room. The internal sound proofing was really bad and I could hear everything happening in the next room.The room itself was a tiny single room with the bed pushed up against the wall, a small desk, wardrobe in an alcove and not enough room to swing a kitten, never mind a cat. The room was so small that the tv was mounted high on the wall, so that one needed to lay on the bed to watch tv and then had to crane one's neck to be able to see the screen. The matress was very hard, the duvet thin (and there was no blanket) and the pillows very cheap, synthetic ones. In short, not a comfortable experience. The bathroom was clean, but the shower control was stiff, which made it very difficult to turn the shower on and off. There was only one bath towel and that was thin.Drinks in the bar were exhorbitent (£20 for 3 small beers, a G&amp;T and and soft drink) but then I suppose those are London prices. Breakfast was adequate but the dining room was very crowded and the service was flustered, which is odd considering the breakfast is a buffet and the only service item is tea/coffee. I would most certainly not stay here again.	
Jan 21 2009 	Clean Comfortable Hot Noise Issues	I stay here quite a bit, as my company gets a good rate. Its clean &amp; Comfortable, is a very convienient place for visiting London. However the rooms are always way to hot, and the place hums with the sound of machinery, so sleep is often hard to come by. If you can sleep with the humming niose its great. You can cure the hot by opeing the window &amp; hearing more humming.Having said that, its the best hotel for under a hundred a night in london central/west end that I have found.	
Jan 15 2009 	Comfortable and friendly good location	Spent just one night here on theatre/couple of days in London trip, and would definitely stay again.The location is great. A couple of minutes from shops and restaurants of Covent Garden. Short walk to the river. 5 minutes walk to Shaftesbury Avenue theatres and 15 minutes to the British Museum. Several tube stations closeby.The staff were friendly and welcoming. There was no problem to check in early, and an efficient luggage store after we had checked out. Comfortable room, good sized room with shutters to block out the traffic noise from the Strand. Good breakfast included in the price.	
Jan 12 2009 	Blackpool B	I booked this hotel for a romantic weekend and also for the location.On arriving I found all the staff very helpfull and polite. The recpetion area was very modern and I had a positive feel for the hotel.Opening the door to my room I was very dissapointed. It was like walking into a cheap B&amp;B in Blackpool, in fact I have stayed in much better B&amp;Bs. The rooms were not Retro, they have just not been updated since the 70s!!! The walls very thin and we could hear everything from both sides, talking, tvs and even opening a wardrobe door.I do not write this as a personal dig at the staff as they were all very good, however, if you were thinking of staying here then my advice would be to move a postcode away and spend the money on enjoying yourself.	
Jan 12 2009 	Strand Palace	Check in time was 2pm, but we arrived at 12:30. Understandably the room was not ready so we returned at 2pm to check in again, staff were rather rude and said the room would not be available for another 2 hours. We were rushing to get to see a matinee show so had to put our bags back into concierege and the man was very rude and said that we should have checked our room was ready before taking our bags. Room was described as Club Class, def not luxury.	
Jan 10 2009 	great locationgreat price!!	Ok the rooms may be a little basic and the sound proofing isn't great!But who cares when you are right bang on The Strand in the middle of theatre land!!Myself and two other friends decided to book a show(Grease which is fantastic) with a one night stay in a hotel,and this hotel came with the package.The staff are friendly and helpful,the hotel is spottlessly clean,bars,restaurant,and reception are nice!The buffet breakfast is spot on!All three of us have decided we are not staying any where else in London next time we visit,as the the location and value for money is A1!!	
Jan 8 2009 	A great introduction to London	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights during September, it was our first time in London and the UK.After our 24 hours of travel we were really looking forward to just having a nap in a comfy bed. We booked a private car transfer from the airport and are glad we did as after all that travel from Australia the last thing we wanted was to negotiate the underground and public transport or sit on a bus and wait for 40 other people to be dropped off. The only problem with this was our car was not allowed to park out the front of the hotel, only taxis were, even though it was a chauffeured car. So we had to park around the corner of the hotel and walk in the rain.When we got inside the hotel check in was friendly and smooth, we arrived at around 10am and were given our room right away. We booked through a travel agent who told us there was only one type of room available and the hotel did not have the deluxe/club room.We went to out floor only to find the whole floor was under serious renovation. I suffer from rather bad asthma and was on the verge of having an asthma attack as a stepped from the lift. We got to our room, it was small and dingy but worst of all it had 2 single beds.We went back to reception and said they had given us the wrong room, they promptly told us the agent had booked a twin room for us and they had no doubles available unless we paid to upgrade to a club room (I didn't believe they had no empty doubles) but seeing as we wanted a club room in the first place we paid to upgrade. It was very much worth it. The club room was newly renovated, very spacious, clean and comfortable. Breakfast was nice and the service was good.We chose this hotel for its location and its affordability in that location. For our first time to London we wanted to do lots of walking and this hotel was so central for everything we wanted to do. We loved being close to Covent Garden, there were lots of lovely cafes and shops close by. We walked to the Eye, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace we even walked to the Imperial War Museum (which took nearly an hour but was great to see more of London). We went for a walk one morning and stumbled across Somerset House, which had been used in the film The Duchess (Kiera Knightly), whose film premier we stumbled across when going out for dinner one night.In conclusion we are glad we stayed here in the club room and if this is your first time to london and like us you just want to see and experience London then this is a great place to stay.(We also stayed for a few nights at a hotel in West Brompton/Earls Court. Strand Palace was a much better location for getting around.)	
Jan 8 2009	Not bad for the price	The Strand Palace Hotel is inexpensive (London standard). The walk to Charing Cross station or Covent Garden station is within 5 minutes. It is not a grand hotel, but for my 5 night stay it was sufficient. The usual fastfood chain and starbucks are right around the corner. The neighborhood is relatively safe (although I didn't stay out past midnight). My single room was small, but I didn't spend much time at the hotel anyway. My bed was aligned next to the wall so that I could hear footsteps outside until around 1 in the morning, and the vacuum cleaner usually wakes me up at 9am. The bathroom was small, but clean. For 70GBP a night, I think I can tolerate the plastic cups and the outdated furniture. Don't expect too much, and you should be able to walk away feeling relatively good with your choice. The front desk will try to sell you an upgrade to the &quot;club&quot; room, but my room on the 7th floor was acceptable. For 250GBP I can spend a night at the Ritz, but I would much rather spend the price difference shopping where pretty much everything is on sale at this time of the year.	
Jan 6 2009 	Not a good choice	My husband and I spent a 7D/6N stay in this hotel. Since this is the honey moon, the hotel offer us an upgrade to Club King room. The bed is huge, and the toilet is clean.We are staying on the 5th floor, but there is renovation going on that floor. The lobby area is smelly (because of the renovation). I haven't been to a hotel which accomodate guest in a floor which there is renovation.Location is ok, but not excellent. It is in the center of 3 subway lines, which you can walk to 3 different subway station but is not very close, around 10 mins walk to those subway stations.No wine bucket can be offered. You can get ice from those ice machine in the hotel, but you have to figure out how to freeze a champagne by yourself.	
Jan 5 2009 	This was the perfect hotel for our London family vacation!	At Christmas-time, 9 of us from two US and two UK cities (Two sets of parents with 5 teens/young adult kids between us) met at the Strand Palace for four days and nights in London. The hotel is old...and frayed in spots (duct tape on the carpet, moaning hot water pipes) BUT it was clean and comfortable--perfect for our kids (rooms with twin beds!) and WALKING DISTANCE to everything: Theatres, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, the British Museum, Covent Garden, St. Paul's Cathedral, Westminster Abbey, the National Art Gallery. The front desk personnel were very helpful (especially when we were dealing with last minute flight changes and thus, changes in times for our cars to the airport) and the concierge service in the hotel lobby was wonderful. We had a the full breakfast included in our package and that was great and a very restful/vacation-like way to start the day. The Strand-Palace is right in the heart of everything--lots of restaurants and pubs and shops and right around the corner from &quot;The Lion King&quot;. We played lots of cards in the lobby and enjoyed our London vacation very much, having such a wonderful base to move out from. The price was very reasonable, too, especially considering proximity to the West End and Covent Garden.	
Jan 5 2009 	good location!	brilliant location - easy access to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square etc and theatres. First room allocated to my husband and I was tiny, freezing and looked out on wall and pipes. i was sure i had booked double so went back to reception and said i thought i had booked double - but it did say twin on letter i had given them! oops, luckily i was had been very polite and was given a double by the manager Tiziana. The double was large, warm and modern and looked over the Strand. Yes the Lounge bar was expensive but then it is London so not a big surprise.Breakfast was lovely and plentiful!	
Dec 31 2008 	Worst hotel room I every stayed in London	From the outside the hotel building looks impressive, is conveniently located, the lobby looks clean and the breakfast was acceptable. However, the room #582 I got was the worst hotel room I ever stayed in London. It was extremely small, not large enough to even fit a queen size bed, it contained just a small single bed, cheapest possible furniture, little window that was blocked to only open 100mm and facing a gloomy courtyard, no other ventilation or air-conditioning, so the air in the room was sticky and musty. The hallways also looked drab. I asked at the reception if I could get a better room, but the duty manager Barbara Bottaro refused, saying that all the rooms are the same. Her resolute attitude felt like her goal was to silence customers so that they do not dare asking for anything better. I walked around and found some rooms that did look little better and came back, insisting to see another room. She reluctantly showed a room on the 1st floor that was little bit larger and little less drab but directly faced HVAC outlets in the courtyard. After that she refused to show any other room, saying that she does not care if I complain. The last surprise was when I checked out and wanted to leave my luggage till the afternoon. This service is not free, hotel guests have to pay for it.	
Dec 31 2008 	rather shabby	Good location - but not much else to recommend the Strand Palace. We paid extra for a refurbished double room: had been painted and had some new furniture and a new TV added. The bathroom was pretty dreadful though - and very cold. Staying in the centre of London is never going to be cheap - just be prepared for something very mediocre here.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great value for money	We booked a Club Room at the Strand Palace for an overnight stay as we had tickets for the theatre - at £119 including full breakfast and VAT we weren't expecting much but were really pleased with our choice. The refurbished lobby, reception, bars etc looked very smart, and our Club Room was ideal, a bit small but smart and clean, flat screen TV, safe, Wifi internet access, room service, bathroom fine. We had drinks and mezze in the Lounge Bar before the theatre which was good. Plentiful breakfast served till 10.30 am. The clientele seemed mostly tourists and theatregoers. If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel close to central London then the Strand Palace is ideal.	
Dec 22 2008 	Does the job central location clean and good value	Don't expect luxury (I mean, look at the price!!), however I found this place clean, functional and perfectly adequate. It's location is excellent for easy access to the West End.I work close by and a Christmas party meant I booked a single club room for the night. Therefore I know the area well and was surprised to find somewhere to stay at that price and so central.Expecting basic I was happily surprised, I am stickler for cleanliness so it lived up to my standards, the room was small but comfortable, recently decorated (think one-up from a Premier Inn) and had everything I needed. The bed was comfy and the room was quiet.Staff are nice - no complaints there. Can't comment on the food as I did not sample any. However I would say to any tourists that I thought the menu was overpriced. The area is teaming with really nice places to eat from breakfast to late night dining so would recommend you don't pay an all-inclusive price.The corridors need recarpeting and would definitely recommend you pay that little extra for a Club room (I don't think the standard rooms fair as well!).For anyone looking for a central location to explore London or a crash pad then you could do a lot worse.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Hotel - Highly Reccommend	Great hotel, fab location and breakfast was amazing!We booked a Club room which was great, had big bed and sofa which was handy. Great location, just around the corner from Covent Garden. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Dec 13 2008	Fab Locaton Overall a nice hotel	Stayed for 1 night here as we went to see Dirty Dancing. Arrived at the hotel at about 2pm (when check in opens) Check in was easy and fast and werent waiting too long. Hotel lobby/reception area was nicely decorated and nice xmas decorations etc. Room was fine, we paid for a club room (well worth the extra) and was spacious and clean and basically what we expected for what we paid. Ordered some champagne as a suprise for my mums birthday and this came at the time i requested and room service were very good. Location was brilliant, right near shops and plenty of restaurants (lots offering pre-theatre dinners) and in walking distance of all the theatres. Only problem we had was it was very noisy through the night (which i suppose the hotel cant help noisy guests) but overall it was fab for the price we paid for a london hotel, location was brill and would return if i was in london again!	
Dec 11 2008 	not what we expected	I invited my friends for a stay in london in the Strand Palace and I was ashamed about the rooms we had! They didn´t look like the rooms that were on the website. The rooms were totally threadbare, heating didn´t work, it was very noisy and the view was miserable. For this price there are much better hotels in London. Okay, the staff was friendly and helpful.	
Dec 10 2008	Great Location close to everything	I stayed here in September. The hotel was very nice. The room was a tad small but the location made up for it. Very close to all the theatres and walking distance to covent garden and the river.	
Dec 9 2008 	Excellent location loved it!	I stayed at the Strand Palace Hotel in March 2008 and thought it was great . . . the location can't be beat - minutes away from Covent Garden shops, right in the middle of the city area of London.My room was clean, quiet and very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful - the only disconcerting thing is that the floors can be a little confusing to navigate! The rooms are not huge but have plenty of room to store your luggage, etc. Views from the windows are not great but you're not paying for a room with a view!Being right on the Strand means that you are literally minutes away from all manner of useful things - tube stops like Covent Garden, Charing Cross and Embankment, theatres, shops and pubs. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this lovely hotel to all my friends!	
Dec 5 2008 	A for Location otherwise could do better	We had 2 nights in this hotel. First impressions were good, the public rooms are bright and clean, if a bit impersonal. The room was OK but being near the front was rather noisy - the casement window did not close properly so the traffic noise was pretty constant and we would advise taking an interior room. The decor is totally dull and in need of a make-over - there were scuffs on the walls and the shower head was loose. There was no kettle, fridge, safe or even a trouser press in the room. The king-size bed was however very comfortable. The corridors were uniformly drab and in need of re-decoration.The hotel was very busy and breakfast was in an overflow area: strangely we could not charge breakfast to our room but had to pay on the spot. The staff we dealt with were fine, but the impression overall is of an impersonal tourist processor.The location is the best thing about the hotel and for central London we reckoned it was good value. It needs money spending on it however to bring it above average standard. But if the rest of it matched the public rooms it could be a really good hotel.	
Dec 4 2008 	So much for "new and improved"	Sorry, but this place needs help. It is affordable for London....and is in a pretty good location. Other than that - pass if you are able. My room was recently &quot;refurbished.&quot; This refurbishing included shutters that didn't fit the track and constantly fell off, a heater that was not on for the first two days, and light switches that were not properly wired, so that the only option for light was two glaring overhead lights...even though there was a nice reading light next to the bed (but alas, no way to turn it on alone).The walls are thin, and so I could hear my neighbors and people in the hall constantly.The restaurant (Carvery) was horrible - I had a pretty &quot;safe&quot; tomato soup that was watery and tasteless.Bartendress in the small bar was totally unfriendly.Pretty much an overall disappointment.	
Dec 4 2008 	Super !!!	After reading some pretty bad reviews i was dubious to say the least.Until i arrived,Quick check-in,lovely Club room with all the facilities we needed for our weekend away.The breakfasts were excellent,Hotel was clean and warm and the location was second to none.For £140 per night in central london it was fantastic.I think some people that write reviews without having experienced a broad range of hotels and accomodation have nothing to compare with,thus leading to slaughtering reviews over the the pettiest of things ! If you're going to London and want a good hotel with good food/facilitiesand rooms use The Strand Palace.	
Dec 3 2008	Strand Palace was ok	We stayed at the Strand Palce with our parents for a sightseeing weekend in London. On arrival we found a nice reception area but once on the upper floors noticed the decor and carpets were quite worn and in need of some attention. We went for club rooms which have recently been decorated. One room however was very small and the single room had badly fitting windows which was pretty poor.The location was very good, close to all the major sights and right outside Covent Garden. There were also good restaurants close byOverall our stay was pleasent but the price was quite high and the hotel clean but nothing special. Its location is a plus though	
Nov 26 2008	Oh the views..	A group of us flew to London as a layover before heading to Greece. We spent 2 days in London and chose The Strand Palace for our accomodations. The location of this hotel is great. It is about a block from the nearest Big Bus Station(the red double deckers). It is about 1.5 blocks from Trafalgar Square. There is an internet cafe across the street and a great little pub(The Wellington) just down the street. Not to mention the Starbucks 3 doors down. Like I said, GREAT LOCATION. The rooms were clean and the lobby was very well maintained. The staff was helpful and quite fun actually. The concierge was great about giving us advice on where to go and how to get there. I would definatly reccomend this hotel for anyone that is looking to stay in London on a budget.	
Nov 23 2008 	Well placed but small rooms	We have just stayed at the Strand Palace. The room we had was really only suitable for single occupancy-the bed being against the wall so one of us had to climb over the other, plus no bedside table at that side.The staff were very busy and the concierges didn't seem interested in giving information-only selling tours and theatre tickets-obviously as they get commission, or so it seemed. The commissioner was lovely and caring.We had booked in for breakfast which was good but there were long queues-I've never experienced that at any hotel, even in London.Having said all this, although it's not a cheap hotel, it is central with bus stops virtually outside of the door and they go to most of the train stations which is much cheaper than a taxi. With a day pass ( £3.50) you can use any bus or tube in Zone 1/2 and we went to Greenwich with it and to the Albert Hall at night-catching the bus outside the hotel. Most of the theatres are within walking distance and there are plenty of reasonably priced places to eat, though if you are going to the theatre I would book your table as it is really busy before shows.We would stay there again though provided we got a deal-there are plenty of companies which offer deals but maybe ask for an upgrade to get a larger room.One last thing-it must be really warm in the summer, the windows don't open far enough and it was warm, with the heating off and the windows open and this is November. There was a fan in the wardrobe so goodness knows what it would be like in the summer.	
Nov 20 2008 	horrible staff	I stayed 2 nights at Strand Palace Hotel in London.It is so unfortunate that the staff was so horrible since the hotel is in good location, relatively reasonable and clean. The staff was so unfriendly, impolite and unhelpful. I would never recommend this hotel despite some advantages.	
Nov 16 2008 	Weekend break to London	My family and I stopped in the hotel for 2 nights in November 2008. The hotel is well located and the lobby and bar are smart, spacious and well set out. The rooms we had were small, but not too bad really and fine to use as a base for exploring London. We didnt have breakfast in the hotel as we felt it was too expensive, but there are plenty of places nearby to get breakfast for a reasonable price so I suggest you do that instead.	
Nov 15 2008 	GOOD VALUE	Have stayed here twice this year, both times on short theatre breaks. Decent sized clean rooms for around £100. Excellent location, only 2 mins from Covent Garden and Theatre District. Will always consider staying here in the future, due to it's good location and reasonable price (by London standards.)	
Nov 13 2008 	avoid this place	We stayed one night at this place on the Strand in central London.At £160 a night room only it was a complete rip off. The room was small, noisy, poorly equipped, inadequate tea/coffee supplies and the bathroom had no proper curtains so you were entertainment for the office block opposite.The hotel was also being redecorated and was a mess.Apart from location nothing else going for it.	
Nov 11 2008	NEVER AGAIN!	My mother's arm bled for ages after catching it on the bathroom door handle. This made my mother ill and caused us to miss 'Joseph', a show we had been looking forward to for over a year. The Hotel refused to believe me and insisted there is nothing wrong with the door handle when clearly there is! My advice: NEVER STAY THERE!	
Nov 5 2008 	Good stay spoiled by vindictive bar staff	Not a bad hotel overall, with many friendly staff like the doormen, the lady in the continental breakfast room who remembered me each morning, the shoeshine guy etc.HOWEVERIt was all spoiled on my last night in the residents' bar. Myself and a friend were sitting near the bar chatting and the barmaid, Martyna I believe she was called, walked past our table, lifting my drink from beside me and promptly poured it down the sink behind the bar, even though I had chased after her saying &quot;Excuse me that's my drink, that's my drink!&quot; When I finally got her attention, she did not apologise and gracelessly got me another one. But she decided to add her own version of defiance. She took the bottle of beer, poured a certain amount into it as my own had not been full and handed me the half glass of beer, with a surly remark to accompany it!! Couldn't beleive it and would seriously hesitate to go there again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good central hotel	I've stayed here a couple of times this year mainly due to it's location. I found the room clean and comfortable. I have noticed some renovation work has been done. There is some areas of the hotel that have seen better days however the club room I was in was very good.Breakfast was very good with great choice.	
Nov 2 2008 	Change of room	I booked a one night stay at the Strand Palace, mainly because of the reasonable prices and its central location. I have stayed there before several years ago and had been disappointed so decided to book a Superior Club room this time around in the hope that it would be more comfortable. However, I was very disappointed with what I was offered - tiny room - hardly able to open my case, overlooking a busy main road, minute bathroom - not at all what I had hoped for. Reluctantly I complained and found the Duty Manager to be extremely hlepful - offering me another room which was much larger, quiter and generally more pleasant. The singe rooms seem to be tiny in hotels (I really dislike being fobbed off with this sort of thing when I travel alone) and I would recommend asking for another if you find yourself in this position. The hotel is in the process of being renovated (much needed)- which does not seem to be too disruptive. Generally a pleasant enough stay.	
Oct 30 2008 	Very average	I have heard a rumour that this hotel, a few years ago, reduced the size of all its rooms, obviously to increase capacity. Whether this is true or not I have slept in smaller rooms in Central London hotels.If you are a light sleeper avoid the rooms looking out upon The Strand as this road is very busy all night.I was checked in by a very pleasant, if difficult to understand lady from Eastern Europe. The room was clean and adequate. However, the rooms do not have air conditioning and the windows only open a limited amount. Even though it was a cold night and the radiator switched off the heat was almost unbearable. I noted glasses left outside a room, which room service did not collect all evening or night which is not good enough for a hotel in this price range.The drinks in the bar were extremely expensive, but I guess that's what you'd expect in this location, though the barman was surly.Breakfast was ok, but very busy. Confusingly all the breakfast guests were greeted with the question &quot;are you looking for somebody?&quot; by the staff on duty. Not an experience I would wish to repeat!	
Oct 30 2008	It was not bad.	We stayed there from Oct. 15 and 16, 2008, and from Oct. 19 and 20, 2008. The first 2 nights we stayed in a &quot;standard&quot; room on the 6th floor. The room served it's purpose since we were only in the room long enough to shower and sleep. Although the view was terrible since we had a room in the middle of the hotel all you could see was a small court in the middle of the hotel lot. There was only one window that would open, and it would only lift open about 3 inches. Check In was easy, though I don't know why they needed my passport number for? The doormen, and conceirge service was very nice and helpful.Upon return on the 19th, they again needed my passport number!They gave us a room that was very very small, and very dark. I went back to see them, and they gave us a &quot;club&quot; room on the 3rd floor. It cost us an extra 30 pounds a night. There was lots to see in the area the hotel was located in, and the Charing Cross tube was about a 2 or 3 min. walk down the road from the hotel, which was great since this was our main transportation across the city.	
Oct 29 2008 	Hit and miss?	Stayed at the hotel recently while on a course in London. I was really pleased with my room: especially the fact that it was cool! It did seem a bit old-fashioned but it was clean, had a great bathroom and was surprisingly quiet for being right on the Strand. I had requested a room at the back. I didn't get it but it worked out ok anyway. Breakfast was good but quite long queues to get seated as so many guests are travelling alone. I ended up sharing a table with strangers all the mornings I was there. I didn't mind but I guess some people might not like it. We were booked in for evening carvery. A bit tedious when it was exactly the same choice three nights running. The staff were friendly on the whole. It really seems to be the luck of the draw with this hotel. I wasn't paying so I was happy enough!	
Oct 29 2008 	good location	Had a one night stay at the Strand Palce in London. First impressions were excellent - the reception and public areas were very smart. Shame the same can't be said for the rooms! The rooms were small and scruffy and although it was a very cold night the room was so hot we couldn't sleep.	
Oct 27 2008 	Filthy dark decrepit scary.	I'm a native New Yorker. I've seen some pretty bad stuff. My travel agent booked me and my wife into this roach motel. We were greeted by a drunk on the steps of the hotel, and tipsy prostitutes in the lobby. The place has long antiquated corridors, very dark and lonely, reminiscent of some tenements I knew back in the 1970s in The Bronx. The room was tiny. There was a lock on the telephone. There was graffiti on the wall. The room smelled. I'm 6'2''. I banged my head on the bathroom CEILING. There were people next door having sex and we heard their every groan and bump. My wife cried. I couldn't get a reservations in another hotel. Nonetheless, we checked out and we spent the night at the airport where we paid full price to get back to the States. I then sued my travel agent and got every penny back. True story. Avoid this hotel at all costs. It's pretty much an SRO, a flop house.	
Oct 15 2008 	Decent place to stay for a weekend	Reading those many negative reviews confirms my belief that some people simply cannot be satisfied. I stayed at the Strand Palace Hotel last weekend (10-12 October 2008) and was, well, yes, ... satisfied! I mean what else do you expect from a central London hotel?!? My room in the 3rd floor was clean, well-kept, QUIET (!!!), the safe worked (!), and the bathroom was modern and well-equipped. The location is great, and I cannot complain about anything. This comes from someone who spent 60+ nights in different London hotels, and I won't bother now to look for anything else.	
Oct 12 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in - and I've stayed in lots	It’s a building site!! They gave me a room on the 4th floor which was impossible to find (they had taken the room number signs down for the decorating). I went back to reception and got escorted to my room, though derelict corridors with loads of electrical wires hanging down outside my room. I complained again and eventually got moved to a room that smelt like someone had died and was rotting under the bed. I think a previous occupant has thrown up all over the room - and the smell was pungent! I was told this was the last and only room left in the hotel (but it did not feel like that)!I booked the room directly with the hotel - why did they not tell me it was a building site!!On leaving, I asked the concieage where to get a taxi from, and before he answered he said sorry and just picked up the phone to answer a call before he finished telling me - it was the final insult!	
Oct 4 2008 	Absolute Cesspit - AVIOID AT ALL COSTS	Very simply avoid at all costs, i could write a million words on this but trust me as a man that spends at least one night away a week this is a total craphole. Just do not bother, anyone who says otherwise is just likely to work for the Hotel. If you want war and peace just contact me.	
Sep 26 2008 	Pretty Average	We stayed here for two nights to go to see the 'Lion King' show at the Lyceum Theatre.Theres not much to say here really, the Hotel seemed to be in med refurbishment of the reception area, and they kept changing the location of the check-in desk which was a little strange, but obviously required because of the work. There also was a little confusion at check-in.The Hotel was big, clean, and the room was average, although we were located at the corner of the building with a excellent view along the strand.Breakfast was average too. The room was small to average in size, add had the basics, but again nothing to get excited about.We are returning to london in March '09 have have chosen a different Hotel to try.	
Sep 24 2008 	highly recommended!	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my boyfriend on our way back from Venice. I found the hotel location excellent and the staff most welcoming and eager to help. We normally stay around Paddington when we visit London but we thought we'd pay the little extra and stay in a much more central location. The hotel is walking distance o Westminister Abbey, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, China Town and Covent Garden. Check-in was simple and smooth and we were quickily directed to our room. Our room was a little on the small side but very standard for London, we were fully impressed by the size of the bathroom (which even had a full size tub...a rareity in London hotels of this price range!) The staff concierce desk were polite, full of information and could answer all our questions. Breakfast was the best I have had in a hotel. Full hot and cold buffet breakfast where there was plenty of wait staff however there was a bit of a queue on Saturday cause the hotel was packed but we still manage to stuff ourselves!Highly recommended, I will definitely book to stay there again on my next visit to London.	
Sep 23 2008 	Unexpectedly Pleasant!	Having read some of the reviews of the Strand Palace Hotel on Tripadvisor and was not expecting too much from this property.Loctation: Conveniently situated, easy access to Covent Garden and Charing Cross.Check-in:Friendly, prompt and efficient, using the dedicated Club Check-in Desk.Room:Club Room - the room was not big, but perfectly adequate. It appeared to have been recently refurbished and was very clean. Rather than having curtains, the windows have sliding wooden shutters, these not only block out light at night, but also cut-down any outside noise (see images). A keyboard is provided in the room for internet access via the television, but this and guest services features were not functioning. The flat sceen tv also had a habit of turning off and displaying the wrong time - a minor issue.Bathroom:Again, appeared to have been refurbished; it was clean and of an adequate size. Complimentary toiletries of a reasonable standard provided.Breakfast: Buffet style, continental and full English - reasonable quality and selection.Public areas: Clean and presentable.Customer Service:Very good, staff had good grasp of English and were quite helpful. My review is based upon booking a 3 day package via the hotel's website, had I paid full rack rate, I think I would have been able to achieve a better deal at another hotel.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay again.	
Sep 23 2008 	It was ok!	We stayed one night to see the theatre, check in and check out were both smooth and without any problems, staff were friendly enough. I would stay there again. The 2 negatives i have are 1) a small cockroach in the bathroom, and 2) the water dispenser at the breakfast buffet coughed out some black sludge into my glass along with water when i tried to use it. It was speedily carried away after I pointed this out but no explanation given , but really what explanation would have justified that?? It was OK though	
Sep 22 2008 	Not exactly a Palace!	Stayed here in May 2008 on a weekend break with 2 other couples.Check in was fine, the hotels exterior was gothic like, it looked fine. It is also only 3 min walk from Covent Garden, a massive plus.Unfortunately we were booked into one of the upper floors, which when getting into the lift at the lobby where its very modern, we must have entered a time machine, because upon the lift door opening on the floor we stayed we were treated to a run down motel. Everything from the decor to the carpets were extremely dated.Its almost as if the 1st couple of floors are fantastic and the rest is just forgotten about. The rooms are small, nothing to write home about at all. 3 nights cost 510 pounds per couple which is also on the steep side. The only real thing going for it is its location, perhaps that is what we paid for.	
Sep 10 2008 	Rooms are a joke!	Location Fantastic and I have to say from the outset of this review that the staff all of them from the Doorman to Reception to Concierge were excellent.... but the rooms are are a joke!I had reserved a &quot;Club Style&quot; room as they were supposed to be the best, after checking in I found myself allocated a room that was the same size as a dogs kennell, I went back to reception who said they could offer me me a larger bed for 50pounds per night I declined, all over the hotel there were signs &quot;why not upgrade to a Club Room?&quot; Truthfully I'd hated to have seen what the other rooms were like, when I enquired at reception what was the difference - I was told the Club Roms had Flat Screen TV's (this made sence as no other type of TV would have fitted in there.) I asked for an Ironing Board 5 times it was delivered 5 hours later after I'd gone out.If I ever want to practice been a magicians assistant I will go back there, the hotels saving grace is the location. For the money I'd easliy stay in anywhere else but there again, breakfast above the noramal average hotel.	
Sep 10 2008 	Shabby and not very clean	I stayed one night here on 6th September with a few friends. Although the hotel is very well situated and literally around the corner from Covent Garden Piazza, that is probably one of the few good points.The hotel was very busy and full of gangs of tourists, the Reception areas are spacious, although in need of updating and a good clean, the bar was okay but lacking in any atmosphere but the bedrooms were shabby, tired and grubby. The bathroom needed an urgent refit as the grout between the tiles were quite yellow and not very hygienic as was the old formica vanity unit and the corners of the bathroom floor had not seen a thorough clean in years - not good! The windows were jammed open and looked out onto an old victorian tiled wall, extremely depressing.Perhaps some of the other rooms have been updated, it would be worth checking out as the situation of the hotel is good, it's a shame they haven't spent any money on the bedrooms.The one thing I liked very much was the doorman, who was very welcoming and happy.	
Sep 6 2008 	Good hotel for the price	Hotel was in process of being renovated when I was there unfortunately we had a room that had not been done yet. That is not to say that it wasnt good though. Room was clean and well kept up and the bathroom was very large. The new rooms must be even better. Hotel is about a 10 min walk from Trafalgar square and the tube is about a block or two if I remember correctly. Overall it was a very good experience.	
Sep 1 2008 	Ok all around.	OK for price in central London. No fridge or A/C. The room was very warm but clean an comfortable and the staff very good. The Carvery is expensive even for London for what you get in the pre theatre special and the staff too obsequious. But definitely would stay again.	
Sep 1 2008 	Great location in London	I stayed for 7 nights in the Strand Palace in August 2008. The location was unbeatable. In the West End, you could walk to almost any theatre. Trafalgar Square was a 5-10 minute walk and Oxford Street about 20 minutes. The hotel was expensive, but then most are in London at this time of year. Full english breakfast was more than adequate. Restaurants were lovely with great pre-theatre and post-theatre menu's which was reasonably priced. Underground was only a 10 minute walk away. Very close to the River Thames and London Eye. You could even walk to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey. Staff were always polite and very friendly. I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Nice hotel	Arrived at 11am hoping to leave our luggage at the hotel as check in wasn't until 2pm but it turned out our room was ready 3 hours early so we were pleased. We ordered room service which arrived within 15 minutes, prices are ok, what you would expect in London really. Food was very nice though. Room was quite small but clean. Hotel itself was very nice. You can buy train/attraction tickets in hotel too. Check out is 12pm and easy, just put ur key in a box and leave. You can also leave your luggage at hotel after check out for £2 a bag.It is a couple of minutes walk from covent gardens and leister sq is close too. It is in main theatre land so good location.Would stay here again.	
Aug 16 2008	Excellent value for central London	The Strand Palace is located on the Strand, very handy for the Adelphi Theatre, and within easy walking distance of Covent Garden and Leicester Square. On entering the lobby and reception area of the hotel, there is a distinct feeling of class.I spent one night in this hotel, in December 2007. I had to queue a short time to check in, but check-in was smooth. The room rate did not include breakfast and I declined to pay the supplement for it, which was something like £15 (a number of local coffee shops were open for breakfast at a more reasonable price, just a few steps outside the front door). I was allocated a single room - it was a long narrow room, with the bed spanning its width. The room was very nicely furnished in a contemporary style, as was the ensuite bathroom, and was equipped with a modern LCD TV with digital channels. My only real complaint about this room was that the base sheet did not properly fit the bed.The room rate I paid was a little over £70 and, although this did not include breakfast, I consider this to be excellent value for central London - it was worth paying the little extra over the typical £50-60 for a London budget hotel, as the Strand Palace offered a sense of luxury and class that made my stay that much more pleasurable. This hotel is highly recommended if you can get it for a similar price.	
Aug 4 2008 	nor good nor bad	I stayed at The Strand Palace hotel in 2006. Before I went I had read a lot of reviews about the hotel and I was quite scared that it was gonna be a nightmare. I chose it for the exellent location and simply hoped for the best.My stay was ok, I had to change room because the first room I got was a very noisy room on the ground floor facing the inner part of the hotel...the windows was closed but there was no isolation and seemed unsafe. So I got another room which was MUCH better, bigger and faced one of the streets. I must say to everyone: it's better to hear the noise of people and traffic than a constant annoying noise from the air-condition machine inside the hotel!I can't recommend this hotel to solo travellers. I spent four night alone at this hotel and it wasn't so nice during the night...I didn't get to sleep much. Someone was calling my room, someone was screaming and being aggressive outside in the corridor, someone tried to open my door... The doors are not the safest kind...they should change the doors and put a &quot;peep-hole&quot; (don't know if it's the correct word) on them....Breakfast was not included for me, but it's not a problem....London must be one of the best cities in the world to find great foods in grocery shops (they have large parts of the stores all take away) and at take away shops like Pret A Manger! So, skip eating at the hotel...it might only disappoint. If you are unlucky you will have a bad experience and if you are lucky you'll have a good experince with this hotel. But you'll always be lucky with the location, it can't get any better! You can walk to so many places...I even walked all the way to Tate Modern...it was a beautiful walk.I can't wait to go back and I might stay at Strand again if I travel with others...because it's cheap.	
Aug 1 2008 	(Nice Bargain)factor in a low hotel allowance 	If your company has a low hotel allowance (like mine does) the Strand Palace is the place for you. I had a single, the room was small but clean.It was one of those warmer days in London...no A/C but at least they had a fan. The check-in line was long but, luckily they opened another desk to make the flow of people move faster.The location was really central...close to Trafalgar Sq. I would probably stay again...The doorman was more than helpful pointing me to bus vs. the U-ground for one of my appointments, go there on time!	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Hotel	Check in staff at the hotel were great and got us checked in quickly and before the official check in time. We had a club room which was very smart and had an excellent bathroom. The beds were very comfortable. The only problem was that the rooms were not air conditioned. Even with the rubbish English summer it was still very hot in the room. The hotel did provide a fan which improved things.The hotel is in an ideal location approx 5 minute walk from Covent Garden, and Charing Cross tube is about a 5 minute walk along The Strand.	
Jul 17 2008	Holiday at the Strand	On arrival the trainee receptionist had a most unhelpfu arrogant manner. She questioned the incluson of breakfast in our rate, which had been prebooked. Had not another girl come to the rescue there would have been a row and the manager would have been involved. The matter was sorted by another member of staff who was peasant and helpful.The bedroom was comfortable as were the beds and generally adequate. However it was excessively hot and only one window opened slightly. An electric fan was provided in the wardrobe but even with this on the room was stifling during the night. Neither my wife or I slept much. The bathroom was adequate with a good shower and plety of hot water, but no extractor fan. It became like a sauna if you used the bath or shower - not a pleasant experience.The breakfasts were buffet style and the cold food of a high standard. The hot food however was never more than tepid, so a &quot;full english breakfast&quot; wasn't great.The food in the dining room was averagge standard with pleasant staff. They offered reasonable pre-theatre meal but once in the restaurant, the drinks cost more than the meal. With wine at over £5 a glass and a small coffe £3 and an inferior cappucino at £4 I was not amused.We will not be staying at the Strand palace again. It obviously trades on it's excellent position in the Strand, but the standards are not of the 21st century.J S Mercer	
Jul 17 2008 	noisy rooms	You cant get better a location than the strand palace hotel but you can get better hotels. it looks fantastic when your in the lobby but the standard rooms are cramped and noisy our room (608) had a good view down the strand but the windows didnt shut properly and the strand is a bloody busy road. breakfast was lovely though!	
Jul 8 2008	Not on my A list or B	I'm in my room writing my review now. We're staying here on the last two nights of our U.K. visit and I don't have much good to say. It is conveniently located for shopping, restaurants and London's best sites, that's where it ends, Our room faces Strand street and it's incredibly noisy, shutting the windows is the only option but the room isn't air conditioned so tonight will be misery. It was much more expensive than other hotels that are better and not that far away.... plus they up charge you for everything! I would highly recommend the city Inn Westminster, much better, still close and quiet.	
Jul 5 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised!	I was pleasantly surprised by my stay in the Strand Palace. Having read the reviews on here I figured it would be ok, but it way surpassed my expectations.I stayed in a single club room on the 9th floor. My room overlooked an internal courtyard and was exceptionally quiet. The room was small by modern hotel standards, but by no means as tiny as some reviews here had made me fear. There was ample room for the bed, desk and chair and lots of floor space and room for my luggage. The room was tastefully decorated. The bathroom was surprisingly spacious. Both the room and the bathroom were kept spotless at all times during my stay. There was also a safe in the room. The TV worked fine. There was always plenty of hot water and the shower was plenty powerful.Check in was efficient. The concierge was very helpful. Room service was available 24 hours and was excellent. Breakfast was included and there was plenty of choice. All hotel staff were polite and extremely helpful at all times. The hotel location is absolutely perfect, with Charing Cross and Embankment stations only 5 mins away. Trafalgar Square is also only 5 mins away. The Strand itself is busy all the time, but I felt safe as a single woman all the time. I would definitely stay at the Strand Palace again. I don't think you will get a better price for such a great location.	
Jul 4 2008	Clean but hot	My daughter and I spent 2 nights, we paid for standard twin room but was given complimentary club twin room. Hotel and rooms very clean but no airconditioning so it was very hot despite the fan on the whole time, we had to shut the windows at night as we were facing the busy strand road. For a 3 star hotel i think it was a bit pricey considering the rooms had no airconditioning and the price £290 for 2 nights did not include breakfast.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great location poor hotel	An affordable hotel in a fantastic location. However, I would not go back here. The staff were rude, the room was very hot and without AC, the toilet did not flush properly, the key stopped working, room service took over an hour and was of poor quality, and Internet use was very expensive. Overall I was disappointed and actually quite annoyed with this hotel.	
Jul 3 2008	Public spaces good; private spaces very tired	I booked the room on the internet. The public spaces are reasonably adequate. The room was tiny, old fashioned, not air conditioned, not sound proofed, damp stain on ceiling, shampoo dispenser in tiny bath room was empty, television not working properly. When I spoke to the duty manager on check out she seemed to be implying that it was my fault for booking a basic not a 'club' room. I will not be staying here again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Dishonest	We booked (and payed for) a Superior Club Room. At arrival the only room they had for us was a regular room. The day after (we arrived late at the evening and was too tired to change the room) when we mentioned this, they claimed that a) we had received a Club Room (which was an obvious lie) and b) that they had no other rooms available. The hotel has a great location but in any other aspects, this was indeed the worst hotel I have visited. Stay away!H.Kim	
Jun 25 2008 	A bit run down: you could do better	While the rooms are smaller than your average American hotel, the accomodations were nicely decorated and clean. The halls and public spaces were a little ratty with frayed carpet and outdated decor. The staff was helpful. The location is really excellent, it's an easy walk to most of central london and the underground. Aftre taking the train into the city I didn't even need to use public transit to see most of the places I wanted to see.Overall the hotel was okay, but I felt that I could have done better for the price and I wish I had stayed elsewhere.	
Jun 23 2008 	Palace???	Although we know that city-hotel do not have that spacious rooms, we were somewhat surprised by the tinyness of the room we got.Indeed, the room was very small, it could hardly contain the desk and the bed, on top they added a small table &amp; 2 chairs, which made the room overcrowded. We had to store our suitcase on the bed during the day to prevent tripping over it.The bathroom was of decent size (compared to the size of the room) and seemed to be recently refurbished.The firewarning system is checked on weekly basis (accordingly to the leaflet on the door each Monday around noon (can't recall the exact timing), but one afternoon when we were making ourselves ready to go to restaurant and musical the alarm started. When we checked what was going on, we were told that the test was going to take place later today, but nowhere we could find any paper to inform the guests about this. Kinda 'scary' when you're in the shower on the 7th floor of an hotel ...Restaurants were very good, personnel very friendly and prices are OK	
Jun 23 2008 	Great value hotel in central location	I've stayed in The Strand Palace many times. Its a big tourist hotel right beside Covent Garden. They've recently refurbished it so the rooms are nicer than they were and the new beds were very comfortable last visit. Its not plush, its a busy hotel bustling with staff and tourists so not for the fussy or 5 star traveller. But for a good value place to stay in a great location it ticks all the boxs for me.	
Jun 23 2008 	Your belongings can disappear	I was in London last week and stayed in Strand Palace. Its location, hugeness and quite good breakfast were positive points. But on the second day, my opinion was changed. On this day, our Turkish National Team had a match with Croatia on the quarterfinal of Euro 2008.I had put my national teams hat (which I didn't wear even if once) on the chair in my room in the morning. When I returned on afternoon, it was gone. I have wanted it to wear during the game as watching it at Sports Cafe on Trafalgar, but I couldn't. Security said that they asked to the housekeepers but they couldn't blame on anybody.There are no safety boxes in the rooms, so disappearing items can be even if your laptop or camera. If you don't want your centrally located and quite budget hotel room reservation to turn into an unpleasant or perhaps more expensive holiday, please think twice.	
Jun 17 2008 	Beware little visitors	Stayed at the Strand Palace for 1 night as part of a hotel/theatre break. Initial impression excellent as we were able to check in before lunch and were allocated a triple room although there were only 2 of us. The room was a bit 'tired' but the size and cleanliness more than offset this. The location is brilliant - just 2 mins walk from Covent Garden and also very close to Embankment. Also, if leaving London via Liverpool St station you can catch a bus from outside hotel for £2 - beats the underground every time. The breakfast was very impressive with enough to satisfy all tastes. However, if you are allocated a room on lower floors beware. We had just settled down for the night when I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye. The 'movement' turned out to be a mouse. Maintenance arrived within 5 minutes of our call to Reception and we were upgraded to a 'Club' room on the 3rd floor. We felt a lot more comfortable there! However the club room, although clearly a notch above the standard of the standard rooms was very warm and we needed to keep a free standing fan running all night to cool the room in the absence of air conditioning. As for the staff, everyone we came into contact with ie reception/check in /breakfast room staff/concierge/left luggage staff/bar staff were absolutely charming. To summarise: customer service excellent, accommodation adequate as long as you avoid a standard room on the 1t floor!	
Jun 17 2008 	Not to bad	Spent 1 night here. First impressions are good, nice entrance and lobby area, corridors are clean and tidy. The location is excellent, the bar is nice, albiet very expensive.The big let down, the rooms are tiny. I'm convinced mine was a converted cleaners cupboard! I was with a party of 4 and everyone commented how small the rooms were. However, they were clean, tidy and in good order.	
Jun 12 2008 	Ok but better out there	First impressions of the Strand Palace are impressive. The reception area is well run and clean. Was however slightly disappointed with my room. It was small even by London standards and the Tv didn't work but this was sorted within half an hour. The beds were ok if a bit small. The view was overlooking the backyard where the bins were but how much time do you really spend looking out the window!! The concierge was lovely and directed to us to a lovely nearby restaurant and the hotel was perfect the theatres! Breakfast was ok but I'm not a fan of hot buffets. Overall this a nice hotel and would stay here again but not for the money I paid last time.	
Jun 10 2008 	Worst Hotel I have stayed in	This was quite possibly the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I was traveling with my daughter, sister in law, and her daughter so we had 2 rooms. The first room that my sister in law was assigned was quite spacious if you could get over the fact that it smelled like an ashtray. The 2nd room she was assigned was clean but more accurately described as a closet. My room was adequate in size but the beds were hard and uncomfortable, the sheets scratchy, and the toilet broke. Twice. The corridors are extremely depressing and we never got our wake up call. The only redeeming quality is the location. Travelers be wary!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Adequate	I stayed here for one night on a business trip. It is well-located for tourists. It is a vast, soul-less building. The rooms are small, but reasonably quite and comfortable. Personally I prefer a Premier Inn with larger rooms and more modern facilites for a short stay like this - they're cheaper too.	
Jun 10 2008 	Basic Facilites Central Location	Stayed here for 1 night in early June, allocated a single room which was clean if not a little basic. Towels, small, thin and going grey (why is this so difficult for hotels to get right?!). Liquid soap for showering provided in a dispenser. Fixed shower head (Room 725) so had to shower on my knees (I'm 5'10&quot;). Bed, comfortable enough for one night and quiet for London, probable due to the fact I overlooked an internal building void. Room very warm, no airconditiong but fan provided. TV with limited selection of channels, complimentary tea and coffee, UHT milk but no biscuits. Loacted on the Strand, a few minutes walk from Covent Garden.	
Jun 8 2008 	Ideal location- But consider an upgrade	First the good...excellent location for the main tourist attractions and theatres ( situated directly opposite The Savoy).Reception was excellent as was the self service breakfast on offer.The downside was that the room was very small with the double bed pushed hard against the wall - not exactly convenient and worst of all was the bed itself - it was so soft that I am convinced that the room was used to film the Silentnight advert with the Hippo &amp; the Duck! In general the room was in need of updating.In summing up it is an ideal base and I would consider staying here again but if you are using the hotel as anything other that a sleeping base think twice before booking - or at least look at the option to upgrade to a club room with extra space, plasma TV etc. With hindsight it would probably have been money well spent..	
Jun 3 2008 	Unacceptable room size	Stayed with the wife &amp; kids for a couple of nights.The location is great and no complaints about the staff; the corridors are fairly grim; however the main problem was the size of the rooms (well at least one of them)We booked two 'club' rooms (a double and a twin) - whilst the twin room was fine, the double room was tiny.I have stayed in hotels all around the world and would class the room as a small single - shoehorning a double bed into a single room does not somehow transform it into a double.............One side of the bed was tight against a wall &amp; the other had maybe 12 inches of space between wall &amp; bed.Combined with a single window that opens only 4 inches the overall effect was extremely uncomfortable - cant imagine what it would be like if we ever again get a summer in the UK.Obviously the building is old (so no air con) and the rooms will not all be to a standard size, however if you are going to charge for a double club room, then you should at least be able to get more than one chair in it (and even that meant you couldn't open the wardrobe)	
May 28 2008 	Ok Hotel Stay	I stayed at the Strand Palace a few years ago and decided to revisit while in London. It's in the process of being revamped and I was given a fantastic room. It was lovely and clean with a nice-sized bathroom and the standard of housekeeping was excellent. The breakfasts were also superb in terms of the food offered and the service by the staff. Watch out while the refurbishment is continuing..the signage is either painted words on wooden boards which are on the floor or non-existent so it can take a bit of finding your room. The reception staffing while I was there was also pretty poor. I checked in at about 4. There was a massive queue with just two receptionists behind the desk..and seemingly three giggling from a back office and peering out at the queue which didn't seem terribly professional. When I finally did get served, I was given a key card that didn't work and then had to wait in the queue again only to be told by a very abrupt receptionist: &quot;It's your fault it doesn't work. You held it in the same hand as your mobile.&quot; Hardly great. So overall the overall management and training of reception staff clearly needs some serious work but a great location, a great room and a great breakfast. Just watch out for the socially-lacking receptionists.	
May 26 2008	Mind the Noise the Strand Palace was Great!!!	I stayed here with a group from Kansas City, MO near the end of May. When we arrived at the hotel, my wife and I found out that we were booked in a room with 2 twin beds. However, we were given the option of upgrading to a club room for an additional $60 a night and we went ahead with the upgrade. When we arrived in our room we were pleased to find that it has recently been refurbished and was well appointed. The size of the room was perfect as there was plenty of room for our array of luggage. Our first night of sleep was pretty difficult as we had a hard time adjusting to all of the traffic noise outside of our window on &quot;The Strand.&quot; Our room was located on the 4th floor and the traffic was still pretty loud all night. However, we eventually adjusted to traffic noise and slept pretty well the rest of our time there. The bathroom is small, but worked out perfect for my wife and me. The high-speed internet was very expensive (around $115 for 7 days) and we reluctantly signed up for it. We used the high-speed internet connection to call our friends and family back home over VOIP and it worked out flawlessly. If you are staying here in the summer months know that there will be no air conditioning. There is a fan in the room, and the windows barely open up to let fresh air in. Our room got somewhat stuffy during the day and the weather was quite mild. I cannot imagine how hot the rooms get in the summertime, and would definitely not stay here during the summer months for that exact reason. Overall, we were very pleased with our room and would probably stay there again. As for the other amenities in the hotel (Breakfast, and Johnstons Restaurant) we were very pleased with both. Our room included breakfast every morning which was very good, but it got very crowded. There would be a line for a table just about every morning we were there. However, there is a grab and go breakfast (similar to a continental breakfast) that has some good stuff and no one waiting. I would definitely recommend going to the grab and go breakfast if you are in a crunch for time. We also ate at Johnstons one night and were pleased with the food. The meal was cheap and we received 25% off our meal with a coupon from our room. The Strand Palace Hotel was great for what we used it for. We stayed very busy everyday seeing all the sights in London so we were not in our room a whole lot. I would recommend this hotel if you stay in one of the newly renovated club rooms that is not on &quot;The Strand.&quot;	
May 20 2008 	Good location	We stayed at The Strand for one night as part of a theatre package. The location was great for covent garden. The hotel's lobby is nice and felt quite grand. The corridors and rooms however were rundown and were in need of refurbishment. It was fine for a one night stay as a base but wouldn't want to stay on a long trip.	
May 19 2008 	Great stay if you got the right room style	Once paid for 80 pounds and got a very small tiny single room then upgrade to &quot;Club room with kings size bed&quot; by an additional cost of 30 pounds per night. The club room is very nice , large, comfortable. and the staff were helpful and kind. The location is excellent. By the way, the club room has one day pass to Virgin Active Health Club, it's wonderful , just 50m away. The health club is multiple function, not just like other hotels' fitness center-- only for decoration.	
May 17 2008	Cockroach anyone?	Never again. A single nights stay. Lots of work going on to do-it-up, that's fine, the cockroach on the bedroom wall wasn't. It was supposed to be removed by maintenance whilst we ate breakfast (I captured it in a glass) it wasn't. Dirty plates at breakfast, no offer of tea or coffee. Never again.	
May 14 2008 	Good Location	Best thing is location - can walk almost all of London from here. Romm we were allocted was disgusting - in fact the floor actually dipped in places. The carpet was worn as were the towels. The bathroom had mildew growing in the bathe and shower curtain. The only cooling was a pedistal fan!!!! I complained and was allocated a &quot;executive refurbished room&quot; at a cost mind you - better, but stll one of the worst rooms in whcih I have stayed. BUt you cannot go passed the location.	
May 9 2008 	Expensive!	My husband and I stayed at the Strand Palace for two nights on a business trip. We picked the hotel for its convenient location. It is rated 4 stars, but I can tell you that it is a shadow of its former glory. Our room was a superior room, but not worth the money. I just could not believe it and called the reception to ask if they made a mistake, but no. I just wonder how the standard rooms are? The staff was not friendly, and everything just looked old. The room was clean but small, and the bed comfortable. Internet access was terrible expensive. You are forced to pay a deposit/guarantee when you check in, but if you want to pay in advance (meaning before you check out) there are just so many problems, and they end up taking your deposit and the price of the room ...... does not make sense!?!? They should be happy if you want to pay in advance. So you just get overdraft in your credit card for a couple of days ... the invoice also takes weeks to arrive by post if you express check out.	
May 9 2008 	Comfy and central	Cost: Reasonable for a room in the heart of the city, but you gotta shop around, and TripAdvisor is an excellent way to compare prices. Took it without breakfast as it just did not seem worth it when there are so many outlets around the hotel offering breakfast at a third of the cost.Location: Its in the middles of the city. Lots of eateries within walking distance. Tesco across the road.Bed: Most importantly, the bed was comfortable and clean, although the pillows should be fluffier.Room size: Good size room considering the location and cost, there was enough room to swing the proverbial cat.Room amenities: No aircon, no fridge, no room safe. 1 table fan in the closet. With limited ventilation from the 2&quot; opening in the windows, the air got a little stuffy for me, and I as alone in the room.Check in/out: Excellent. Very efficient check-in staff even when a sudden crowd develops. Checking out was as simple as dropping the keycard into a box.Hotel facilities: Did not use the restaurants and bars. Would have liked a gym or fitness centre, was there was none.TV: Not a bad spread of channels. I wanted to watch semi-final ECL game between Manchester United and Barcelona but was shocked that none of the English channels were showing it. I ended up watching it with German commentary. The video on demand offers adult video, and every time to turn he telly on, the VOD menu comes on first, touting the adult channel. If you have kids with you, tell the front desk to disable it.Internet access: Wired and wireless in the rooms, but was too expensive for someone like me who is converting from Malaysia Ringgit. The PC’s for use in the lobby was even more extravagant: 25p per minute sounds utterly ridiculous to me.Bathroom: The most important factor is cleanliness. Top marks here as almost everything in the bathroom was pristine white. One of the downlights above the sink was rusted and water-stained with rotted carpentry. Shower was excellent: good pressure and good temperature control. Liquid soap/shampoo dispenser was wall mounted, and difficult to use as it required a lot of strength to squeeze. Towel rack was heated, nice. Ubiquitous sticker asking you to leave the towel in the sink if you want it washed, but they washed all the towels even when I have hung them Personnel: All the staff were courteous, but seemed too busy to be very friendly. The doorman however, was very friendly and helpful.	
May 8 2008	Perfect location!	I brought my mother to London for her first visit and I really wanted her to have the best trip possible. I wanted the hotel to be great and I agonized over which hotel to pick for ages. I finally settled on the Strand Palace due to the location. My mom would not use the Underground so this was perfect for catching a bus, either right outside, just down by Trafalgar Square or just around the corner on Aldwych, we could get anywhere we wanted on a 13 pound one week bus pass. We booked a twin room for the first five days and then we switched rooms for the Easter weekend as my fiance was joining us. Mom booked into a single and we took a double. Our twin room was in a section of the hotel that looked worn around the edges but the room itself was spotless. The bathroom was large and the room was fine. Beds were really comfy. The window faced one of the little quadrangles so there was no noise from outside but unfortunately, we did get a bit of noise from the hallway. The door opened directly into the room rather than have that little entry way/hallway that many hotel rooms have and I think that's why the noise was more noticeable. We were lucky, though, it didn't go on too late and we were so tired after full days that it didn't seem to keep us awake. Mom's single and our double were on another floor and faced The Strand out front so there was more noise from the street. However, we never heard a thing from the hallways. Both rooms on this floor (7th) had the little vestibules. Again, very comfy beds, good sized and spotless bathrooms. This part of the hotel didn't seem quite so run down so perhaps was renovated. Mom's single room was very small but very sunny and she said it was cozy and comfortable. All rooms had stand up fans but we didn't need them. Didn't notice stuffiness as others on here have but it was mid-March and cool outside. We had the full buffet breakfast every morning which was really good. Most times the dining room was pretty busy but we always managed to get there before the longer queues. We also ate in the carvery one night and in one of the bars for lunch on the last day and never had any complaints about the food. The desk staff were fantastic and the concierge was fabulous too, and bailed us out of a little hiccup on our last day with airport transfers.	
May 6 2008 	Just OK	We stayed at the Strand Palace in late April 2008. The hotel itself is lovely and the service is excellent. Our room was adequate - it was always clean and comfortable. The walls to the room are paper thin, though - I could hear someone snoring in another room! Also, the windows don't open so it was stuffy and quite hot. They do provide a nice fan that is pretty quiet, so this helped a lot. We also got a room that looked right over the Strand itself, so it was noisy. We didn't do anything to change it, though, so I can't complain about that!We ate at the hotel once for breakfast and once for dinner. Both were excellent, although dinner was quite expensive for what you got. We also had drinks in two of the bars on site. Excellent service and a great selection at both, and the prices are in line with other places in London.The location of this hotel was great. It is very close to many attractions, and also to Covent Garden and Charing Cross underground stations. There are many different restaurants within easy walking distance, as well as many theatres and some shopping.I believe that many of my negatives on this hotel have more to do with my being used to North American hotels rather than anything this hotel actually lacked. Remember to bring your own clock for the room :)	
Apr 26 2008 	Quirky old-fashioned great location	I had a meeting (starting very early) at Kings College the next day so decided to come down to London the night before and stay locally. The Strand Palace is (as the name suggests) convenient for the area. A number of colleagues had stayed at the hotel before and recommended the location, so I decided to give it a try.Pros:+ great location, 5 minutes to my meeting, a few minutes from Tube and rail stations, 5 minutes to Trafalgar Square; lots of restuarants in the area+ bed was quite comfortable+ staff were professional and helpful; check-in and check-out were quick and easy+ room was generally quiet+ the building layout is fascinating: it seems to be laid out in a number of quadrangles, and you can make what seems like an impossible number of right turns down hallways to find your room. It's all quite logical but quirky.Cons:- the hotel is rather faded in many places now (the lobby is quite up to date). My room was clean and tidy, and everything worked, but it has seen better days- ventilation in my room was a bit quirky. My window opened up into a private atrium area where I could get fresh air, but even with the window wide the room was a bit too warm for my liking- the hotel is big and busy and there were loads of people checking out when I had to leave: be prepared for a little bit of a wait.Overall, I had a satisfactory stay -- nothing to complain about, but no great reason to go back.	
Apr 20 2008 	I am split 50/50!!!	After viewing and reviewing all the reviews on this website I was satisfied before I left that this was going to be a great hotel. Yes in many ways it was. Yes everything people had to say about it was true. Thin walls, stuffy inside rooms, continuous noise outside going on all hours, continuous noise from inside going on at all hours. However, the area surrounding the hotel was an extreme highlight. Convent Garden was a bustling place to be. You name it and it was virtually right outside the door. Tesco, Cafe Nero and Leon are on the same block across the street and supplied you with refreshments and other vital supplies needed to nourish your body after a busy day of sight seeing. If you are going to see a show you don't have far to go and many restaurants along The Strand and in Convent Garden offer value priced Pre Theatre Meals. I was traveling alone and booked a simple single room. Room was small, bathroom was large and I had a great view of an office outside my window. I would have died in the summer heat in this room. Windows only open up a few inches due to safety concerns and with tall buildings surrounding the area you don't get a breath of fresh air. However, if you are as busy as I was and hardly in your room you will probably survive. Keep that in mind. As a foodie I was also disappointed that I failed to think about getting a room with a small fridge. I picked up food throughout the day to nibble on before I headed off in the mornings and before going to see some shows. It would have been nice to keep the cheese, fruit and other items cool. Side Note. Anyone who loves food must go to Borough Market. Amazing cheese, meat pies and great nibbles at Cranberry. Back to review. So yes I am still split 50/50. I would have been more in favor if I hadn't have had better experiences in Paris and Brussels with my hotel rooms in these respected cities. Bottom line. Hotel was clean, close to all sorts of sights and sounds, check out was a breeze and staff were great. Side Note #2. If you want an easy way to get from Heathrow to any hotel check out Dot 2 Dot. You meet at there stand in Heathrow. They drive you and no more than 2 other groups to their hotel. Don't have to worry about fighting crowds on the Tube, Train or Bus. After a long flight nice to sit back, relax and enjoy a drive into the city. Plus you may end up with a free tour and guide as you drive along. Can't remember the name of the fellow that drove me but he was pointing out many sights along the way and was extremely helpful. They charge per trip or round trip for around 30 pounds. Well worth it if you don't want to fight crowds and relax. Enjoy your time in London. I know I did.	
Apr 10 2008 	A superb base for theatre land	My daughter and I stayed here for three nights on a theatre break. It was a superb location for central London and we had a really lovely big room (ok we were at the front on The Strand and it was noisy but what can you expect for Londons West End??!!) And very well priced for location.The room was clean, and bright, lovely big beds, and everything you could possibly want at hand. Great location if you are doing the theatre thing, this was our second visit and I suspect there is a lot of refurbishment going on within the rooms as this year our room was far superior to the previos visit. I can thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. Breakfast was good - most of these big hotels have rubbish food at breakfast but not the Strand Palace. Bus stops outside, taxis plentiful at all times of the day and night - 10/10 for this visit. Will be booking again for next year!	
Apr 8 2008	An Honest Opinion	My stay at this hotel has two sides to it, the worst night I have ever stayed in a hotel, and a great night, all in the same hotel within two days but a massive change to my experience.After reading negative reviews on the standard rooms, I had telephoned before the stay and asked to be upgraded to the club rooms at an extra cost of £30 per night. When I booked in to the hotel I was told there were no club rooms available on that night so I stayed in a standard room. Now I am not made of money I just thought this would be nicer as it was a surprise theatre trip for my girlfriend, but after checking in (which was fine with good service) I started seeing what people were saying about the non refurbished side being run down. My hotel room was clean but very old looking with a bathroom door that had no lock so you could not keep the door closed. I knew we were going to a club room the next night so I thought don’t complain just let them know in the morning, but at midnight we were woken up by a lot of teenagers running riot around the corridors screaming and shouting. We were placed right in the middle of a large school trip that decided to party until 4-30 in the morning, which i thought was a huge oversight when deciding where to room us. So after complaining in the morning we were moved to a large club room which was like being in a completely different hotel, it was decorated nicely, normal pillow instead of stuffy feather ones and just had a nice feel about it compared to the other one that you just wanted to turn around and walk out of.The restaurant was superb, and with two nice restaurants, there was no need to look for anywhere else to eat, along with a comfortable bar where we managed to get food at 11 on return form the show as they serve right up to 1amThe breakfast was again superb with everything you want to have for a breakfast and masses of it as wellThe staff were friendly and were quick to sort out my complaintThe location could not be beaten, as this was walking distance to most theatres, 5 minutes to Covent gardens, 10 to the palace and Trafalgar square.Overall, the moral is this hotel is a very nice hotel providing you stay in a club room and not standard!	
Apr 3 2008 	The strand is bland	The hotel is central for theatre land which is great and the lobby is clean and modern check in was fine breakfast was good the staff were helpful.Now here comes the but ...the room was terrible! It was hot and stuffy with no airconditioning I dread to think what a summer evening would be like.The bathroom was grubby with cracked tiles holes where fittings should have been no extraction and last decorated about 1980.If the bed had been a ship I would say it listed badly to port seeming to sag at the head end, one side was also against the wall.The walls are paper thin and the rooms seem to be conected by the wardrobes so the American couple in the room next to us kept us awake constanly talking and going in and out of their wardrobe! There is no way this is a three star hotel and if a good nights sleep is essential for you then give it a miss.	
Apr 1 2008	Enjoyable stay at the Strand Palace Hotel	We have just returned from a weekend break in London staying at the Strand Palace Hotel. I booked this hotel mainly because of the good price I got from roomsnet.com and was pleasantly surprised with the standard of the hotel.It was an excellent location right next to Covent Garden and very close to the Lion King which was an excellent show.The rooms look like they've been refurbished and were very comfortable, obviously not massive but this is London and I've stayed in some pretty small rooms before. It had everything we needed. We had breakfast included and thought it was also very good, it was a buffet which had everything you could want for an English breakfast, normally at these sorts of buffets the food can get cold as it has been sitting there a while, however as breakfast was quite busy the food was being constantly replenished and so was hot and very fresh.We ate out in Covent Garden on the Saturday night at Palm Court Brasserie and this was an excellent meal - I would definitely recommend it if you want something a bit special but not too pricey (3 course meal with wine cost £70 for 2 people). Although there are loads of places to eat around the hotel, TGI Fridays is very close by if more your kind of thing.On Sunday we took a walk through Covent Garden, up to Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, up Regent Street to Oxford Circus, stopping in Carnaby Street for a drink. I was surprised how close these attractions were.I would definitely stay at the Strand Palace Hotel next time I'm in London.	
Mar 30 2008 	Good price Amazing Location Decent Accomodations	I am from the USA and I stayed here for about 10 days prior to Christmas 2007. My stay was very comfortable. The room was small, but nice. Not quite as modern as an American sheraton, marriot or hilton, but definitely a lot nicer than other European hotels i've seen. The room was very clean. When I got there and realized there was a problem with my telephone, a serviceman came immediately and fixed it. The bed was comfortable. Maid service was just fine, and the bathroom was tiny but very very nice and super clean.The location is EXCELLENT and all cabs in the city know where this hotel is, so you don't have to try and tell them. If you are looking for a cheap meal, about 1 block away on the same side of Strand, is a great baguette place, where you can pick up a sandwich for 1.50 pounds (about 3 USD). CHEAP for London. The sandwiches were very filling and good!Overall, if you are on a budget- you can't go wrong at the Strand, at least from my experience.	
Mar 29 2008 	be careful with which room you get	I have stayed at the hotel several times for work in the past, however I have just returned from a three night break with my wife.The Hotel could not be better positioned, and has all the services you require.My advice though is be wary if you get room 500. (dont know if the numbering is the same on all floors) as it is situated opposite the lifts, before you go through the doors. Everytime the lift stops you can hear the bing bong, and in addition not everyone is a quiet as I try to be when they are coming out, or waiting for the lifts. A big thankyou to the American family, who at four am were shouting at each other trying to find their rooms, hope they had a better sleep once they found it than I did.	
Mar 29 2008 	Excellent Location - But Ask For A Quiet Room	I accompanied my Husband on a business trip, &amp; this was the Hotel which we were booked into.The Staff on reception are very helpful and professional, and we were pleased with our room, which was very clean and spacious. (I think it was a club). The bed was quite large and very comfortable. There was a flat screen T.V. and ample refreshment facilities. As seems the norm, there was not a lot of wardrobe space.We had dinner in the Hotel, which was good but limited choice - a 2 or 3 course cavery or 2 or 3 course a la carte carvery. (With vegetarian option). It was good value for money, and tasty, but the restaurant was almost empty.The main problem is that our room faced the Strand opposite the Savoy. It seemed exciting at first, but there was constant, and mean CONSTANT traffic noise going on. Even with earplugs I could still hear it. If you are like me, a light sleeper, then PLEASE ask if you can have a quiet room. I know this is central London, but I thought it would have been tripled glazed or something.Breakfast was chaotic with a self serve hot buffet. We had a slight wait, but it was nothing like the queue which formed behind us. When you have this set up, you have the usual jostling around and impatient people leaning across you. Perhaps it is a quicker turnover than waitress service. There is only one toasting grill. I was lucky, No one was there when I went. However, the woman behind me grabbed at least six slices of bread to toast, so heaven help the person waiting behind her.On the positive side, it is a clean Hotel with friendly staff and perfectly situated for Theatreland. I would stay here again, as long as I could be guaranteed minimum noise disturbance.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Central Location in the middle of Theatre Land	A friend and I spent 3 nights in the Strand Palace Hotel. For me, it's top selling point is its central location. It's only a few minutes walk from Embankment and Covent Garden Tube Station and also Charing Cross Rail Station. It's also slap bang in the middle of Theatre Land with many of London's top shows only a few yards away. There's also plenty of restaurants around and the Open Top Bus Tour stop is only around the corner. Staff were friendly and efficient. Although my room wasn't as plush as the lobby would convey, it was spotlessly clean and had everything I needed. The breakfast buffet was very good indeed. Top marks to the wonderful concierge who arranged tickets and gave good advice as to shows etc. Overall, I was very happy with my stay and found the hotel to be reasonably priced, considering its central location. This hotel would be ideal for someone staying on their own, as it's in such a bustling location and you can walk back from the theatre quite safely.	
Mar 27 2008 	Strand Palace Hotel is Perfect!!!!	I am just home from staying at this hotel as had tickets for Grease &amp; Dirty Dancing. I cant fault this hotel on anything. From the great &amp; helpful communication from Kevina at reservations to the welcome from Geoff the doorman - the room was lovely - spotlessly clean. The breakfast was amazing also. A buffet with just about everything you could ask for - yum yum!!!It was a two minute walk to the Aldwych Theatre and a twenty minute walk to the Piccaddily theatre for Grease. There are tons of theatres around it. Its honestly a perfect location even just for the sightseeing as a ten minute walk and you are down facing the London Eye.Dont let any bad reviews put you off this hotel as its perfect.	
Mar 27 2008 	Brilliant Location	We stayed at the Strand Palace in February for two nights. We flew into Standstead and the hotel web site gave us perfect directions as to how to get from the Covent Garden station to the hotel (approx 4 min walk). The hotel itself was a lot larger than i expected. Check in was quick and there are a number of bars and restaurants. We had breakfast included in our stay and the breakfast was lovely. Buffet style and plenty of everything. The purpose of our trip was to see Joseph in the West End. The hotel could not have been closer to the theatre. If you stood outside the hotel you could see the sign for Joseph. The hotel is also ideal if you want to browse around Covent Garden and is very near Trafalgar Square. The only down side to this hotel was that the rooms are small but if you are like us and not planning to spend much time in the rooms this hotel is perfect. Also very near some nice restaurants and bars. Would definitely stay here again if going back to London.	
Mar 26 2008 	It was Ok	The Strand Palace is in a great location being right in the West end , ideal for theatres and sightseeing in general.I was disappointed when I discovered my room bore absolutely no resemblance to the nice bedroom pictures on their website.My room, a singe room had one of those shaky unstable tiny single beds jammed into one corner of the room.I would not have stayed in the hotel if I knew what my bedroom looked like in advance.Breakfast was great despite the long queues on the Saturday morning. The staff all were all fantastic and gave a great impression of the hotel.Hotel is overpriced but I suppose can sell itself based on its fantastic location.	
Mar 23 2008	Excellent Location	Stayed for one night only, but would stay here again. The hotel is located on the strand about 5 minutes from the embankment tube station. I found the hotel and facilities fine, I stayed in a room on the 6th floor, which was fine. The hotel I found was a little dated in parts but overhaul a nice hotel and the location is perfect. Just remember to make a note of your room number when going out, because the hall ways are like mazes and after a few beers, you might find yourself wandering around looking for that hotel room.	
Mar 17 2008 	Enjoyed	having read the reviews we were very sceptical about booking this hotel - but the room we were given was very large with a super kingsize double bed - the room was very clean. The burffet breakfast had a good choice and we ate in the carvery on the second night which was also very good. the hotel was clean, the staff were ok	
Mar 15 2008 	Brilliant location!	Hotel was lovely and central. Staff friendly and helpful. The club room was clean and reasonable sized but we were dissapointed as it was our anniversary and we requested a room with a nice view overlooking the front of the hotel but we got one at the back over looking a power generator! We were woken at 8.15am with the maid entering our room for housekeeping...don't know who got the bigger shock her or us lol. Apart from that if your looking for a reasonably priced London hotel close to the theatres then this hotel fits the bill and i'd definately stay again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Depends what your'e looking for	I stayed at The Strand Palace hotel for 4 nights. I went on business and the room was already booked for me, so I did not choose the hotel myself. I found it to be better than average, but don't expect grand things from this place. My room was actually pretty nice, I must have been in one of the refurbished rooms with new furniture, etc. The space was adequate for one person, and two could be fairly comfortable. The bathrooms were average-sized and clean. I will say that it is very, very noisy... the outer walls must be paper-thin because I could hear all the street noise (I was on the second floor, so perhaps choosing something on a higher floor would be quieter). The only place they forgot to invest in seems to be the hallways and stairways as both are extremely out-of-date looking with brass railing and worn-out, stained carpets. The breakfast is decent- plenty of choices, including a &quot;to-go-breakfast&quot; for those of us on the run. The location is good, within walking distance of Trafalgar square, and pretty much in the heart of the theater district. One annoying thing was that when I went to the reception to ask for a converter for my hairdryer I was informed that I must purchase one for 6 pounds, about $12! This is a bit ridiculous as pretty much any other hotel would have them on loan...Also, it is a large hotel with many, many guest, so there were lines at times like check-in and check-out. There is not much &quot;personal attention&quot; here. Overall, I think it was probably priced pretty good (I was not paying) and it would be fine for a business traveller or young tourist with little demand for luxury.	
Mar 11 2008 	Not a palace but good value	I think it's amusing that some people expect luxury when booking a value priced hotel. The Strand is a no-frills hotel in a fantastic location. It's clean and safe and cheap by London standards. My room was perfectly quiet. You will have to pay extra for things like wireless and luggage storage.I wouldn't recommend the baths for anyone who's unstable on their feet. You have to step up and over into the bath and the same when you get out onto a slippery floor!	
Mar 9 2008	AVOID!!!!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. It only looks good at the reception areas, everywhere above it looks spooky, as a cheap, worn out hostel. Location: makes it impossible to sleep at night. It is noisy, noisy and noisy.Inside: Decor old, some places being renovated, instead of a lift- empty hole, rooms doors as it broken into 100 hundred times. The hotel has got restaurants open to the public and ticket booking place, thus plenty of weird looking people in the reception areas, which are connected to room floors. General feeling of being unsafe.At night I could hear all conversations of my neighbours as if they were coming from the middle of my head. This acoustic effect was in fact quite interesting, as I was wondering how on earth it was possible.Reception: staff reciting nice formulas, but when I asked second time to be moved to another room, the lady got 'a bit angry'... I would have moved somewhere else, but it was too late to search. Please, avoid. There are one hundred better places in London.	
Mar 6 2008 	A Decent Place	Expected much less after reading some of the reviews but was quite pleased upon arrival and even more pleased with room. Room was clean, good size bed and a large bathroom. As expected in European hotels no bath cloths were provided but otherwise all other bath amenities were present. Lobby was quite nice and location was perfect being close to subway and to Covent Garden as well as major theaters. Rates were very good for London. Good choice.	
Mar 4 2008 	What A Letdown!!!!	I booked the Strand Palace for a 2 night weekend stay in Feb/Mar 2008. Having read the hotel's website, it stated that it had undergone a multi-million pound refurbishment. I therefore emailed the hotel in advance and requested a room in the refurbished area of the hotel. I received an email from the reservation manager stating that although I had booked a Standard Single, she had requested a Club Single, but that this could not be guaranteed.On arrival at check-in there was a delay. Having presented my details and the email to the receptionist, he went away for several minutes before returning and allocating me ROOM 782.On entering the room, I was totally amazed!!!! it seemed like I was entering a linen cupboard it was so minute!!!. It was furnished with tatty furniture and was badly in need of redecoration. The bathroom was small, grimey and the plughole was full of hair and soapscum!I went to reception to state that this in no way replicated their website. I was told if I wanted a Club Room it would cost another £30 per night. (I was not requesting a Club Room...but a room like those that were advertised as a Standard Single). I was asked if I would like to speak to the Reservations Manager who had previously emailed me. She said that it was up to Reception staff to allocate rooms. The receptionist asked what sort of room I would like and I stated one like their advert on the website.I was then allocated ROOM 569.This room was bigger and the walls had recently been repainted. However the bathroom looked dirty and the shower head was encrusted with lime and grime. Later that evening I noticed that room was getting cold and turned up the radiator, only to find it was not working. I rang housekeeping who said &quot;Oh you will need a portable electric heater then&quot;.Having gone out for the evening, I returned to find an old and battered dimplex heater (see pix). The heater control knob was missing and the appliance did not have the statutory portable appliance test certificate!!!!On going to bed, I went into the bathroom and discovered there was no glass to brush my teeth. I rang housekeeping and 15 minutes later a porter arrived with 2 glasses.The following morning I wrote a note to the housekeeping department asking that the heating be repaired and if not that the heater be replaced with one that would meet statutory electrical appliance requirements. I handed this to the reception staff.On returning to the hotel at 4.30, no-one had been to look at the radiator or replace the faulty portable appliance. I telelphoned Housekeeping .The Housekeeper said &quot;I'll see what I can do&quot;.The porter then brought a suitable appliance.On checking out of the hotel I wished to leave my luggage .....BEWARE&gt;&gt;&gt;there is a notice inside the room stating that there is a charge of £2 PER ITEM per day!!!!The staff at the hotel (both housekeeping and reception)seemed very lax and totally disinterested in the guests.Having spoken to other guests, they also had grievances which were causing them frustration.Book this hotel with caution...there are better places in London!!!!NB pix are of the bigger room (569)ALSO Reception told me its only the CLUB ROOMS that are refurbished!!!	
Mar 4 2008 	Excellent experience	There is no need to say something more about hotel location - Strand ! Ok, hotel can be in a better condition in general, but - it is 3 stars hotel and for this grade hotel is more than good. My experience is excellent ! After the 8 days in this hotel I can say: Staff - friendly, efficient, professional, ....., all the best ! Breakfast - usually queue but solved very soon, no waiting more that 10 minutes, was not problem for me. Very good selection of food and drinks. Room - Club twin room - above the average , very clean, tasteful, bathroom large enough and good. Bottled water for free :-) Room service - once ordered breakfast in the room, on time, high quality and quantity, professional serviceReception - usually queue but no long waiting, staff very professional and kind. Concierge - the best one !! Kind, helpful, efficient , ....., always with the smile for you ! I think that I said all.I was with my sister in London, had business and pleasure time and for all our needs we found in Strand Palace hotel excellent accommodation to feel ourselves like at home, but at the same time treated like a guest. We appreciate very much staff in this hotel, all of them are very busy, sometimes seem tired but always ready to listen you, to help you, to have a smile for you, from the first touch on check-in to the end on check -out and help of the concierge with taxi and suitcases , we can say only all the best about the Strand Palace hotel, service and staff. Next time this hotel will be our choice again despite the prices which we wish to be some lower :-) .	
Feb 21 2008 	great locationefficient and friendly staff	I had a very pleasant stay at the Strand. Front desk staff members were very friendly and answered all question.Everything in the room was clean and all appliances worked and there even was a waterkettle with tea/coffee/biscuit selection in the room!Central London location allowed me to walk to the attractions e.g. the British Museum, the Embankment.I look forward to future stays at the hotel.	
Feb 17 2008 	Not a palace by a long shot!!!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Strand Palace Hotel and can honestly say we will not be returning.After a long journey and a cold walk, we arrived at the hotel early evening. The check in was swift, and I liked that we were given a choice about which floor we would like, and whether we wanted a quiet room. We went to our room which was situated on the 8th floor, and faced the back of the hotel. After struggling for at least 5 mins to open the door we were annoyed, but got more annoyed when we saw the size of the room - it was like a shoe box!! We used the bathroom only to discover that the toilet did not flush. On our way out, we contacted reception about the problem, and we were assured it would be dealt with immediately. Two hours later we returned to reception to ask if the problem had been sorted. The receptionist was extremely rude, and said very sarcastically, that if we had reported it then of course it had been sorted. We went to our room only to find that the problem had not been sorted at all, extremely cross by this stage we contacted reception on the phone. Again, extremely rude receptionist who said she already knew about the problem and that maintenance were on their way. About 10 mins later, maintenance turned up, initially he was arrogant, huffing and puffing, but after speaking with him he admitted that reception had only just contacted him about the problem, not 2 hours before when we first reported it. The man also showed us that another member of staff had already tried to fix the toilet using a carrier bag!! He organised us to move rooms, and third time lucky we found a bigger room - only to find that again, the toilet handle was dodgy and took a few attempts for it to flush!! Nightmare!! As we were so tired by this point we decided to stay in the room. Other things we noticed were stains on the curtains, outdated furnishings, wallpaper ripping, cracks down the walls and holes in the doors.Overall, extremely awful value for money - the only positive point was the location.	
Feb 12 2008 	Good Value Great Location	I stayed at the Strand Palace for one night in Jan. 2008. The location is great, and I don't think anyone is going to argue with that. The outside of the hotel is grand, but I was a bit disappointed that interior renovations have covered up any evidence of the historic nature of the building. But that's a small nitpick. The service was good overall. We arrived before check in time (from the Tube) carrying our baggage. It was no trouble checking in early, and they didn't even say anything about it. Our room was spacious and seemed to be designed &quot;modern&quot; to 1995 standards, but it was fine. The bathroom was very clean and nicer than I expected. The bed was comfortable and the climate control was perfect. Our room came with a free breakfast, but we did not get to try it because of the one thing that was upsetting about our stay. We had asked for a 7 a.m. wake up call, and we did not receive it, so we woke up more than 2 hours late. This is the 2nd time this has happened to me in London, ironically. Overall, the location in the middle of Theatreland and the West End and the reasonable prices made thisa pretty good stay. I would recommend it for someone who doesn't want to pay higher prices at newer hotels in the area.	
Feb 12 2008 	Fantastic Location	Fantastic location for a weekend break as it is within easy walking distance to majority of theatres and tourist attractions. The rooms are small but why would you be spending time in your room in the centre of London??!! Breakfast was great and the staff were friendly. Would definitely stay here again - if only for the location!	
Feb 11 2008 	Great location	We just returned from a weekend in london.The hotel is great if you are planning to go to a west end show.We went to Joseph which was on the same street as the hotel.Check in was very quick and the lobby is nice but the rooms are basis.we got two twin room ,one of which was at the front of the hotel .this room was bigger and brighter then the room I was in towards the back.Overall would stay here again for the great location but would ask for a room towards the front of the hotel	
Feb 10 2008	Room lottery.	We've stayed here three times in the last year alone, mainly for its position. An easy walk to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square and Theatreland. Location wise it's ideal. What we've noticed is that room standard is not.....standard! We've stayed in a club room on each of the last four visits. Some rooms are much bigger than others, some are plusher, some are bright, some downright gloomy. It appears to be a lottery! We usually weekend, so we're not in the room much, but it could be an issue!Cooked breakfast is buffet and a good standard.	
Feb 7 2008 	Awful simply awful	I booked this hotel for it's wi-fi capability on a business trip. What a mistake! When I got to my tiny, tiny room, I checked the TV menu for laptop wifi capability and it said it was not accessable at this time. The reception staff, concierge and luggage people weren't helpful in the least; they kept insisting I was wrong; horrible customer service. I have never been so poorly treated by hotel staff. Don't stay here. A hostel would be better. The bathroom is spacious but for the price of a superior single club room I'd have done better in a Holiday Inn.	
Feb 7 2008	Great price for location	This hotel was average. The breakfast was pretty good and the service was great. All the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean. I would recommend asking for the quiet side of the hotel when making a booking, because the front is on Stand and very noisy. The rates are very reasonable for the location.	
Feb 6 2008 	Will Not Be Going Back!	I stayed at the Strand for a girlie weekend.The location is great. Close to Covent Garden. A short walk to Oxford Street and within easy reach of the main attractions of London.On arrival our rooms were not ready. We were told we could leave our luggage at the hotel for free (usually it costs £2).On returning to the hotel to book in, we had to wait in a queue. This seemed to be a regular thing at this hotel.We were asked for a card authorisation. Nothing strange in that, but we were limited to which cards they could take and then we were asked to sign the slips. I have never been asked to sign anywhere in the World.Our rooms were booked to be together, but were all on different floors. This was corrected after some confusion.The corridors were a bit shabby with patches in the carpet.My room was small but adequate. the furniture was scratched and worn. The towels smelt of burning.The heating was not working (this was February). The bedding was insufficient for the time of year. Obviously I was quite cold during the night.We were all disturbed by noise in the corridors.We were glad that we were not having breakfast at the hotel. We would have had to wait all day! The queues were out into the foyer.On checking out we were told that all the phones were being worked on and that we would have to pay by cash or they would take our card details and send us the receipts. After having been asked to sign once, we were reluctant to leave any details with the hotel for fear of card fraud. We also asked for the authorisation slips to be returned to us. This caused consternation and we were then informed that we should never have been asked to sign them in the first place!!All in all a very disappointing stay. I have no intention of returning.	
Feb 1 2008 	Awesome Location	My mother and I stayed here while vacationing in London for a week in 2005. It was great to be so close to so much. The eye, covent garden, Westminster Abby, Trafalgar square... and so much more. I would highly recommend this hotel for those that are looking for a modestly price room in the midst of all the action.	
Feb 1 2008 	Great location	The strand palace is in a perfect location for everything. We walked to the tower of london, the london eye and the london dungeons from this hotel. Also a lot of the good theatre shows are around here to. We upgraded to a club room and thought it was very good. perfect for a short stay. there are also some nice (not expensive) places to get some food. would definately stay here again.	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Location - Nice Club Room	I had a nice club room in this hotel. It was small but nicely decorated - contemporary/modern. It was also a quiet room overlooking the courtyard. I had heard some rooms were quite noisy but mine was perfect. The bathroom was large though a little tired compared to the room.I felt the room service prices were outrageous for a 3 star hotel. I know you always pay over the odds, but this was ridiculous. £10 for a sandwich! Even on expenses, it is the principle of the matter!There were large queues every time I went to reception which was a pain (especially as I had to queue each day to pick up my pass ffor the Virgin gym over the road as apparently they had run out of passes.....and they had to call them....though one day, I got a pass straight away - there appeared to be a lack of communication between staff there) The gym by the way was very good. Think you only get the daily passes with a club room, but worth a visit. I am an LA Fitness member and this particular Virgin Gym far exceeded my expectations.Without a doubt the best thing about this hotel is the location. Only a couple of minutes walk from Charing Cross/Embankment stations. Very close to the River, Covent Garden and all the theatres you could possibly need. (Shame I was there to work!)	
Jan 28 2008 	A great hotel	A great hotel in a great location. I stayed there with friends for a weekend and we were all glad we had chosen to stay there. It is so handy for shops, restaurants and theatres. I had a slight problem on the first night when i was going to bed and discovered some dubious looking stains on the duvet cover. I telephoned reception and a very apologetic duty manager brought a fresh duvet to the room. Apart from that our stay was fine. The staff were nice and friendly and the food in the Carvery was excellent. The bar prices were a bit steep, even for central London, but we just drank a bit more slowly! I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 28 2008 	A bit small	Another business trip and another hotel in London. Just before Christmas and the hotel was full of people there for Christmas dances while I was there to work.I was in a single room and yet again it was the pokiest room in the place. The room was cold and there was no way to turn the heating on in the bedroom so I had to keep the bathroom door open all night to try and get some heat from the heated towel rail!The room was small and laid out so that it was impossible to watch the TV as it faced across the very narrow room at the opposite end from the bed. The only way to watch it would have been to sit 6 inches away from it!I had to pay for Wi-fi - £12 for 24 hours access but at least the service and connection was good so apart from having to pay I have no complaints about that.Thankfully the partygoers didn't wake me in the middle of the night but that may have been due to me wearing earplugs. It couldn't be said for the cleaner at denial am who opened and shut the cupboard door outside my room...Breakfast wasn't very good. It was included in my room deal and I noticed that if you were paying for it seperately you got whisked away to another part of the resturant where the food did look better. Some of the breakfast items were luke warm to say the least and it was the strangest scrambled egg I have ever tasted. A bit like warm egg mayonnaise.I'd go back if I had to but I'd rather try somewhere else.	
Jan 25 2008 	Does what it says on the Tin	This was our 3rd stay at the Strand Palace. This hotel has an ideal location. It is on the Strand, just down from Trafalgar Square. It is easy to walk to theatres restaurants ,attractions etc. The tube station is also just down the road.Make no mistake this is no trendy boutique hotel. It is large, functional very busy efficient 3* commercial hotel.If possible get a club room they are far superior for little more providing you can get a deal. We had a direct offer Club double for £99 Breakfast included. Even with the club room space is tight, but its OK - the full wooden shutters kept out noise and light.So if you want to stay over in the city and want a great location with at a competitive price I recommend it. We do not stay anywhere else when in London	
Jan 22 2008 	Great location	Great centrally located hotel, Ideal for Theatreland, Westend, Covent Garden e.t.c.I booked this hotel purely for the location as it was a theatre break.It has nice reception/lobby area with lounge, bar, shops e.t.cAfter reading previous reviews, I asked for a quiet room while checking in. The choice was a small quiet room or a larger noisy room. Went for the small quiet option.Didn't have any traffic noise, but plenty of noise in the corridor. You can literally hear everyone who passes and the constant banging of doors. Maid knocked on our door at 8.30 am - a bit early!!Room was small and hot with no air con. Bed, pillows e.t.c. were all very basic.Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. As previous reviews, hotel is 4* in the lobby but once upstairs it is like a 2*. Only reason for booking is location.	
Jan 21 2008 	Central	Arrived friday 18 january 2008. We where 5 from Stavanger,we chose this hotel becase it is cental to many attractions. All over an ok hotel. No expectations,no bad surprices,nothing but the toilet,that took nothig less then 3 flushes to do its mission. That was equal in all our 3 rooms. I`m not ment to spend my time flushing the toilet in 5min. Discusting.	
Jan 20 2008	quite nice hotel good value	We chose this hotel with a theatre deal. It was conveniently located in &quot;theatre land&quot; and next to convent gardens. We travelled up on a coach to victoria station and it is about half an hour walk from there but its an interesting walk past big ben ect. The hotel is absolutley huge with a large reception and seating area and restaraunt. Our room (once we had found it) was a twin it was very nice and a decent size with a clean bathroom. The staff were very helpful and in the morning we had a buffet breakfast which included a lovely cooked breakfast. I would stay here again.	
Jan 20 2008	Exellent London Hotel for thatre breaks	Excellent location for theatre breaks. Staff were friendly and helpfull. Room was very comfortable and spotlessly clean. Breakfast had good choice and service was first class even when very busy. Pre theatre meal was good value for money. My only critisism was that the room we were given faced the front and was a bit noisy. I would recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again if visting this location in the future.John and Rebecca, East Ayrshire	
Jan 19 2008	Location is the only plus	I booked direct with the hotel which was my first mistake. The price of £118 compared to £59 which I later found on the internet.The check in was incredibly slow. Each transaction took ages and I had to wait over 10 minutes despite the fact that there was only one person ahead of me.My room was tiny and had a single bed which was a cheek given the price I had paid. Check out was again very slow. Which hotel has just one check out staff on duty at 8am?!It's obviously a popular hotel with tourists and its central location is its only saving grace.	
Jan 18 2008 	A pleasant surprise!!	We wanted somewhere to stay for one night as we were going to the Opera House and the convenience of the Strand Palace was perfect. We approached the booking with a little trepidation as we have both lived in London and up to relatively recently the Strand Palace had the reputation of being tired and run down. I am pleased to say that we were pleasantly surprised.We had booked a Club King room through a very good offer from the hotel's own website. The room was on the eighth floor and was small but spotlessly clean; the bed was extremely comfortable and the situation quiet. The biggest criticism would be that it was hot even with the radiator off. The breakfast was very good and efficient despite being busy. A plus point was that service continued until 10:30 am which was lovely because we weren't in a rush. The staff we came across in our short stay were pleasant and friendly.I would recommend the hotel for convenience and efficiency.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great Location Comfortable Stay	The Strand Palace was a short walk from Charing Cross Station. We stayed for 1 night for a theatre break. The location was exceptional. We walked into the hotel 2 hours early for check in as our train was early and they managed to check us in straight away. The hotel staff were so helpful and made us feel welcome when we arrived. The lobby and reception area was very posh but as you get to the 5th floor where we stayed, it turned a bit the opposite of the lobby but nevertheless still very clean.We got to our room to find it very clean and tidy. We had a huge bathroom which was nice and it was ever so clean. We dumped our bags and off we went out and about.Check out was very easy the next day and the concierge kindly kept our bags for us for a small £2 fee whilst we headed around London again before we went home.I couldn't fault this hotel. We will stay here again!	
Jan 12 2008 	Nothing special	This is a very well located hotel close to several tube stations, numerous restaurants, theatres and many of central London's main tourist attractions. Stay here and you will find plenty to do within easy walking distance and in a busy and generally safe and unthreatening area.I was booked into this hotel by my employer's travel agent. However this is most definitely not a business hotel nor really set up to deal with those on business. Rooms are small with no space to work, wireless internet access was (in typical London fashion) expensive and there are no fitness facilities.The lobby is well lit and the concierges and reception staff friendly. It was generally busy with lots of tour groups. My room was on the 9th (and top) floor and was a club single. The corridors on the floor were in need of renovation - the paint work chipped and scuffed and the carpets covered in black tape (presumably to hide holes). My room was clean with faux modern simple furnishings. It was a single and very small. There was no view from the window and wooden sliding shutters rather than curtains. I did not see a standard room but really wasn't sure that other than the inroom safe (which frankly should come as standard in any 3* plus hotel in London) and a bottle of water, what justified the 30 pounds extra a night. It was also claimed that club rooms had plasma tvs - well if a small flat screen LCD tv counts as that I'm not sure that is an accurate description!My room was quiet (I had no other guest rooms on one side and the bathroom of the neighbouring room on the other. But it was stuffy and hot. Even with the radiator turned off (in January!) and the window open enough to let in air but not the rain it was stuffy. There is no a/c and I can imagine in the summer this would be rather an unpleasant room.When compared to other hotels I have reviewed in London I think this fares favourably. The setting is excellent but the rooms and guest amenities do not match those of the Radisson Kenilworth. But I'd probably set the Strand Palace ahead of the Russell and definitely ahead of the Jolly St Ermin.	
Jan 2 2008 	Excellent service and location	This hotel is in a prime location. Walking distance to nearly all attraction, 2 min walk to tube and bus stop is across the street. room is a bit small but clean and cozy. Staff are extremely friendly, I did not like my first room so they gave me keys to 2 other rooms to choose from. On christmas eve I arrived to my room and found a big hazlenut chocolate bar and a bottle of red wine complementry from the hotel. Food in the hotel is excellent and concierge service is awsome. I will definetely go back.	
Dec 30 2007 	Strand Palace Perfect Location	My husband and I stayed here for one night on a theatre break seeing Dirty Dancing. The location of this hotel is fantastic for theatre land. It was literally 1 minute walk away from the theatre, 2 minutes walk away from Covent Garden and 5 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square. The hotel itself was lovely, the room was modern and very clean, not very spacious, but perfect in every other way.A full english carvery breakfast was included in the price and was very tasty.Drinks in the bar were reasonably priced, a nice surprise for a west end hotel.I would definately recommend this hotel to friends and family.Dirty Dancing was A+ too.	
Dec 27 2007 	Not a good stay	Location really is the only upside to this hotel, it is right in the heart of Theatreland and perfect for catching as many shows as your trip allows.There are two entrances to the hotel but only one check-in desk and it is not clear at all where to queue, we got the wrong side and a very shirty receptionist told us off.We stayed in a standard twin room which had obviously not been updated for quite some time, it was also in a bad state of repair with plug sockets loose, taps that came off in your hand and a shower dial which also came away in you hand.We tried to upgrade but were told it wasn't possible.In all the staff were incredibly rude and impatient, and the hotel is very tired looking once you get passed the very opulent and stylishly furnished reception area and lobby. (Don't be fooled by it!)	
Dec 5 2007	Let down by rude and unhelpful reception staff	Good Points:- Club room was clean and well presented- Breakfast was good and included in room price.- Breakfast staff were friendly and efficient.- Lifts were fast an always available.Bad Points:- Reception Staff unfriendly and unhelpful. When we arrived we were greeted by a very grumpy man on reception, and when my mums pin didnt work the first time he put it through he acted as if we were criminals, even though it worked perfectly the second time! - 24hour reception is not manned 24 hours! At 4am the noise outside was so loud we couldnt sleep and tried to ring down to reception to ask to be moved rooms, each time (and we tried at least 15 times!) we were met with an engaged tone, almost as if someone had taken the phone off the hook. This meant we had to get dressed and go down only to find nobody at the desk! Eventually a man came from out the back who was obviously meant to manning the desk and again acted as if this was some sort of inconvenience for him. When we politely (considering it was 4am!) explained the situation not once did he offer us an apology and complained that there were only single rooms. Eventually he gave us the key to another room which was quiet so we could get some sleep.- We had asked for a quiet room on a lower floor, so what did they give us? A room looking right onto a noisy street on the 8th floor! The hotel is ok, but it's really let down by certain aspects of it. The lobby and club room was well presented but the hallways really looked past their best. This however, could have been forgiven if the (male) reception staff we encountered hadnt been so rude and unhelpful. They need to sort this out because it's not like we were paying hardly anything to stay there!	
Dec 3 2007 	Everything a visitor needs at the Strand Palace	We booked a night at The Strand Palace as part of a London Theatre short break and were very impressed with this clean, smart and well equiped central London Hotel. I have stayed in some dumps in London that charged the earth and delivered very little so I was extremely impressed by The Strand Palace a very well positioned hotel (right opposite The Savoy no less) with in walking distance of Regent Street and a short taxi ride to most of the London Theatres ( walking distance to some). For those wanting a comfortable room with bathroom, colour TV, hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities in a well proportioned room, with polite staff . A hotel with excellent in house bars and restaurant and I must say the best London buffet breakfast I have ever had, great choice and eat as much as you want, great start to our second day. I did read a review that damned this hotel but I do not know what level of luxury that reviewer was expecting I can say we received excellent value for money, and we'll be back. Tip - Particularly handy for those seeing &quot;Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dream Coat&quot; as the theatre is two or three doors away, and for &quot;Dr Who&quot; lovers there is a specialist Dr Who collectors shop just opposite too. Enjoy your stay you wont be sorry.	
Nov 29 2007 	Great location but choose a room carefully	We stayed here for four days from Thursday (Thanksgiving) until Monday. The location is perfect. We walked to many sites and the tube (Covent Garden) is just around the corner (although exit only until December 2007). The lobby, restaurants and bars have all been recently renovated and were furnished in contemporary stylings. The bar was lively and packed every night. The full complimentary breakfast was adequate, with cereal, eggs, bacon, sausage, tomatos, beans, croissants, jams, teas and coffee. The only complaint we had was the location of our room. Because we had a package deal, we were housed on the first floor, room 105. It was within feet of the street and traffic intersection. Needless to say, every car and bus that passed (of which there were many), were heard and felt until way into the night. If you stay, request a room on higher floors in the back of the bldg., not in the front. Also, we asked for wake-up calls every morning but never received one until a complaint to the mgr. got us one on our last day. The rooms are small as is typical in Europe, but were fine. I would recommend a stay here and would stay again.	
Nov 18 2007	Really loved it!	This is a bright, busy smart hotel. Our room (406 - a twin) was bright, big enough, clean, and comfortable. Had tea, coffee, biscuits and complimentary water. Beds were very comfy, lovely tv with free sky and radio, smallish wardrobe and safe. We faced the main road but the windows had a sliding glass second layer and then wooden shutter so the noise wasn't too bad. Can hear corridor noise quite well if you have noisy fellow guests. The bathroom had clean towels, tissues, 1 each of small shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and moisturiser plus soaps. The shower was to die for - hot, powerful - like a thousand small masseurs! Wanted to move in :)We stayed here to access the Adelphi theatre (2 minutes down the block) and the National theatre (a hop across the bridge) so location was perfect. LOADS of shops along the strand and covent garden just behind, couldn't ask for better.We ate in the brasserie for pre-theatre on the friday. The food was fast, tasty and great value at 2 courses for £12.50 or 3 for £14.50, and very reasonable soft drinks (£1.40 for a coke, £1.50 for apple juice) - plus gorgeous desserts.Breakfast in the carvery at 9.30 on Saturday morning was VERY busy - queued for 5 minutes. Self service continental and full english, we started to take our food from the side room we were in but found it better attended and topped-up (and therefore hotter) in the main carvery area where we added stuff.We asked for extra milk cartons at night for tea and were brought a small jug by a very helpful staff member. You can leave your bags in after checkout but expect to pay £2 per item. Worth it not to drag them around but isn't it usually included?Altogether a very enjoyable stay, I noticed a few areas being renovated so it can only improve. Will be back!	
Nov 16 2007 	Tiny rooms but very centrally located	Once again in London for business and if you've got to watch your budget this hotel can help. It's true that it's in need of renovation, carpets are thread bear, the rooms are the size of a shoe box but they are clean and functionable. I would strongly recommend requesting a room not overlooking the Strand as this can be extremely noisy and the lack of /poor quality double glazing doesn't help.The breakfast rooms are massive, so you should wait long to get a table even when the hotel is full. The hotel has internet and some wifi spots, all paying and extremely expensive.	
Nov 10 2007 	Very Disappointed	This was a birthday treat and booked a superior club room through the hotel website. What a let down - the room was very small and dingy - none of the promised club upgrades/toiletries/water/biscuits etc etc. looked out on to a yard with the noise of extractors allday and night, so could not have any windows open. We did complain but were told it was definitely club room and someone would put in the toiletries etc. no apology no offer to move us when I suggested it was an ordinary double. On the plus side it was convenient for the theatre and we walked everywhere. Breakfast was really good and the staff in the breakfast room were lovely and very friendly. Would not stay here again or recommend to anyone else.	
Nov 8 2007	Very pleasant stay. Amenable staff. nothing too much trouble.	I was a bit worrried about staying here after reading some of the reviews. But was put at rest as soon as I entered the building. Surely nothing this nice at reception could let them down once we got to the bedroom. Well all in all we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. two minutes walk to the theatre and the icing on the cake was meeting Lee Mead (Joseph) after the show.and getting a photo. We couldnt fault the service, food, people, or bedrooms. Savoy it is not but value for money, I dont think you can beat .	
Oct 25 2007 	great hotel and location	i stayed at the Strand from sept 30th til oct 7th-the location cant be beat-all within walking distance-no more than a 5 minute walk to covent gardeni had upgraded to a club single room which had been totally renovated-i had an interior room so traffic noise was non existantthe breakfast was excellent-many options were available-i ate at several different times and never found it crowdedstaff were very friendly and helpful-my airline had lost my luggage but the staff helped me with all questions i hadmy next trip to london will include a stay at the strand once again!!	
Oct 24 2007	Good Location	Good central hotel. Room was small but clean. The water pressure in the shower is amazing. Breakfast was fine with good selection and very attentive staff. Tip, go early as it gets very busy about 8.30. No air con, which would be hell on earth in the summer. Colleagues complained of traffic noise from street facing rooms ( what do you expect in Central London !)	
Oct 24 2007 	in need of renovation	you get what you pay for - reasonable priced hotel, but rooms very small - we were in a twin bedded and the size of the gap between the beds meant it might as well have been a double bed! also very noisy - the windows had secondary double glazing but because they were didn't fit very well this did not go any way towards cutting down the noise of the traffic from the street below. The reception area is nice and gives the impression that the hotel is going to be grander than it actually is, the decor and bedrooms are definately in need of some serious refurbishment. No mini bar in room, no air conditioning, even the basics such as free toiletries was absent. The beds felt unclean even though there was clean bedding on them. The dining room and breakfast was nice, and the hotel is certainly in a great location. Overall I think I could have got better for my money or even by spending just a few pounds more.	
Oct 23 2007 	very good centrally located hotel	I had a very enjoyable stay at the Strand Palace hotel recently. The hotel is close to everything from london's major tourist attractions to the best of threatreland within walking distance. My room although small was very clean and neat. The full english breakfast included was fabulous. The only negative thing was the one conceirge who i thought was very rude to me when i went to ask for directions. The rest of the staff were very polite and helpful.The hotel exceeded my expectations and i had a lovely stay.	
Oct 20 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	I made the mistake of reading reviews of this hotel before I stayed and wondered if I had made a bad choice...Thankfully my fears were unfounded.I stayed in a 'club' single room for 5 nights in October, and I can'tfault it. The room was spotless and looked like it had been recently refurbished - very nicely too, with a flatscreen TV and a very comfy bed. The bathroom was a very good size and the water pressure (especially from the shower) was excellent. Breakfast was equally good, with a huge amount of choice - full english, bread &amp; pastries, fruit &amp; yoghurt and cornflakes. I ate at 7am so I don't know how crowded it gets later on.The only two things I could possibly say as cons - there is a lot of street noise if you're facing the outside of the hotel. My room had sash windows, a seperate sliding glass window inside and wooden sliding shutters, so it cut down on the noise a bit, but I would still take earplugs to get a good nights sleep.Bizarrely, the tv remote didn't have any batteries in it when I checked in, but after a call to reception someone brought up a fresh set immediately...so not really a con!	
Oct 16 2007 	Love The Strand Palace	I booked the hotel and then decided to read the reviews (as usual!!), i was mortified. Some were awful and i really was expecting the worst on our drive up. On arrival we parked in the Drury Lane NCP which is a short walk away from the hotel and charges around £30 for a 24 hour stay. A little tip for you though, after 6pm on a Saturday you can park on the single yellow lines close to the hotel! The reception desk are polite but cold in their manner. I did find their lack of enthusiasm for your arrival a bit off putting but some might like it that way. Our room was lovely. Modern, clean and comfortable. There were tea and coffee available in the room along with bottles of still and sparkling water. From our room (upon dangling precariously out of the window) you can see St Pauls Cathedral. Its spire standing proudly above the bustle of London. The hotel boasts 3 bars, all of which are wonderful. I was surprised when they closed up at around 11:30pm but thats when we went for a wander down the Strand in search of further entertainment.The restaurant was magnificent. The setting, the meals, all faultless. And they do a pre-show menu which is a bargain!The only downside, personally, was that breakfast in the morning was like a cattle market. I didn't enjoy it very much at all as it was over crowded and noisey. Walk out of the door and into the heart of Theatreland. A stones throw from Covent Garden and all the theatres. The location is second to none, considering a stay in the hotel opposite (The Savoy) would cost you more than triple what you pay in the Stand Palace. I loved it and i didn't want to go home, that says it all.	
