	TOO EXPENSIVE FOR THE OLD TIRED ROOMS 5* NO WAY	Extremely expensive considering the state it is in. The public areas were beautiful, however the rooms are terrible. I had stayed two nights previously at Harrington Hall (4*) which was far better and half the price. The rooms are in need of total renovation. There were no tea and coffee making facilities. The bathroom was very poor with no shower gel and the shower was just an attachement from the taps and therefore could not stand under it. The corridors were extremely noisy as well. Great location.	
	Lovely building great location beware of "extras"	First qualifier: I stayed on Starwood points. This is a lovely hotel in a great location - if you are a walker or runner, Green Park, Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens are at your doorstep. Also an easy walk to the Underground and to the West End theaters. There is a beautiful area serving tea during the day and drinks at night. A grand space. You pay for the privilege. My one gripe about the layout of the hotel is that there is nowhere to lounge or sit in the lobby. The health club is nice - nothing special but certainly adequate.This is an older building, so room type and sizes vary. The rooms are clean and spacious - for London - and nicely appointed. The bathroom was especially nice. Service is good, not great - I found the level of concierge service to be unpredictable. The one thing My one qualifier is that the &quot;extras&quot; are really overpriced. An OK, but certainly not great breakfast in the restaurant is 23 pounds (that's $40 at today's exchange rates). But Starbucks is down the street and so is a Marks&amp; Spencer where wonderful pastries can be bought for less than a pound. Also, Internet Access is 18 pounds per night - a huge ripoff. For a nearly $500/night hotel, breakfast and Internet access should not have to cost $75 more.	
	excellent service	just stayed for three nights in this great period hotel the service given by all the staff was excellent !!! i have stayed at many london hotels over the past twenty years and would have no problem recomending this ,the breakfast was one of the best in london !! ,the bed was heavenly and wanted to take it home and the staff very helpful so in all ive had a very happy time	
Nov 26 2009 	Needs refurbishing badly	I stayed here for one night and was so disappointed. The common areas of the hotel are gorgeous - the palm court area and the ballroom. The standard rooms though are really bad and in need of total renovation. Everything is old fashioned and scruffy. The rooms feel very oppressive and depressing and the corridors more so.If you are looking for 4/5 star - don't stay here as you will be disappointed.	
Nov 25 2009 	Edwardian grandeur	A magnificent hotel, still oozing turn of the century decor and atmosphere, the staff were also lovely. The Palm Court was delightful, and the breakfasts were wonderfully extensive. It's location was fantastic, on the edge of historic Mayfair. Buckingham Palace was a brief walk from the hotel across Green Park. Absolutely recommend a stay.	
Nov 23 2009 	Dingy smelly and very tired. Horrible.	I very rarely leave feedback on the hotels I stay in and, when I do, it is to praise a hotel. However, as I sit here in my dingy, smelly room, here is an exception. Could a hotelier out there please confirm that, if you book last minute like I had to do today, does the hotel intentionally give you the dirty broom cupboard eventhough the hotel is only half full and there are undoubtedly plenty of better rooms available? I rarely book through last minute sites but it is if you are treated like a social leper when you do. This hotel could be beautiful with a makeover but a prison cell bathroom with broken light bulbs, peeling paint, broken shower and a bedroom with a broken radiator that is substituted by a monstrous portable heater that blocked the desk and seat area and furniture that I would feel ashamed of my great grandparents owning, mean that I wish I was anywhere but here. I stay in a lot of Sheraton / Starwood hotels and, to be fair, they are never like this. Plus points? Good bed as per normal, good location with some great little restaurants nearby.	
Nov 22 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel unless you can afford one of the best rooms	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com's Top Secret Hotel facility.Do not do this. Check out where you want to stay properly on Trip Advisor.The standard of room I was allocated at The Park Lane was terrible, the bed and tv may have been five star but the rest, from the rusty soap dish to the hissing cistern to the grubby carpet, was about 1 star.They moved me to a great room because I made a fuss, but had I known where I was staying first I would not have booked.	
Nov 21 2009 	Good location hotel needs A LOT of work	I've stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions, some on extended stays for 7-10 nights. The hotel is in dire need of renovation - the rooms definitely show their age, and you can get stuck in a tiny dingy room - which can be a nightmare. Also a shame that you don't get any recognition of SPG status (I'm Platinum) beyond the initial &quot;thank you&quot; gift. Would be great if they offered atleast free breakfast. I would probably stay here again if my other options in London aren't available, but this wouldn't be my first pick.	
Nov 17 2009 	excellent location amazing suite	i booked this hotel using my SPG points/cash option for a night at the theatre for my wifes bday, i then took out the suite upgrade offer, all was looking good until i read the reviews on here! I need not have worried, the room was superb with a real penthouse feel, one of the best showers i have ever taken and amazing views over the London skyline, the staff were all polite and did there upmost to help with any questions we had.I don't know if this a reflection of all rooms but ours was first class, in fact all rooms on floor 7 semmed to be of a similar standard.For location and quality this hotel would be hard to beat.Add to this the beautiful breakfast, and we had a memorable stay.	
Nov 16 2009 	Disappointed	Stayed here for 1 night as attending a dinner in the hotel's ballroom. Rooms are large but very dated. Needs upgrading.Tiles in bathroom need renewing. Had to hold shower as it is not fitted......5* ????No tea/coffee making facilities - went to ask at reception for these and was still waiting 1 hour 20 mins later. No iron and only 1 bathrobe for a twin room?Nice Hilton hotel round the corner - would stay there the next time	
Nov 13 2009 	Don't believe what everybody says!!!!!!!	I stayed in The Park Lane Hotel with 3 friends early November for a short break, we booked through 'Show &amp; Stay' . I must say I was a bit wary due to the reviews but having previous experience of poor reviews only to find hotels excellent we weren't put off. This hotel is very grand and 'traditional', Our rooms (431 &amp;432) were immaculate, no evidence of damp, poor furniture or shabby furnishing! The beds were exceptional, the room itself big enough, large TV, mini bar (unopened!). Breakfast was excellent with attentive, but not overbearing, staff. All the staff in the hotel were excellent, tea tray within 5 mins, A/C unit 5 mins and shower repair within 5 mins!! Conscierge very helpfull on check out day. Didn't eat at any other times as we had a tight schedule. The location is the main winner of this hotel, across from Green Park, a stroll to the underground and Buckingham palace. The only disappointment was the bathroom, the shower curtain didn't fit properly &amp; shower head broken, which resulted in wet bathroom, quickly rectified but the bathrooms could really do with an upgrade!!!	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location Hotel is Old Fashioned	My partner and I stayed at the hotel on 31st October for one night and I will try to give a really honest and balanced review. We booked through Lastminute.com 'Top Secret' and paid £119 RO. On arrival at the hotel we walked through the front door which leads into an impressive and traditional hallway. We then walked through the Palm Court which is used for Afternoon Tea and it was gorgeous but again very traditional with big sofas and lots of high ceilings and gilt. The reception is through to the back however we were dealt with quickly and efficiently and because of the reviews on Trip Advisor I had emailed the hotel prior to arrival, so upon checking in we were given an upgrade to an Executive Room. We arrived in our room and granted it was not 5* - more like 4* - I certainly wouldn't say 2* like some of the other reviews. It was a bit shabby on the paint work and furniture however we had a huge bed with a feather quilt and pillows. The bathroom was clean and the shower enclosure was huge. We were at the front of the hotel over looking Green Park, right on Piccadilly - the view was lovely into the park with all the Autumn leaves and we could see over the tops of the trees to the Eye and Big Ben and Westminster - which with a full moon as well looked positively beautiful in the evening all lit up. We didn't eat in the hotel at all so I can't comment on that but when coming through the Palm Court the afternoon tea looked lovely!The location is fantastic and if you turn left out of the back of the hotel and walk up the street there was a few nice resturants and pubs near by - away from the hustle and bustle of Piccaddilly.If you want a contemporary, pure luxury, first class hotel on Piccadilly then you need to pay the massive price tag at somewhere like The Wolsley or The Ritz - if you are more relaxed about your accomodation and choose the see the positives of a place and it's surroundings then I think it would be fine for a short stay.I can't really fault the hotel - yes it's very traditional and would benefit from a bit of a refurb however the location is fantastic, the staff were friendly and the place was clean - l have used Lastminute.com 'top secret' many times and mainly had really good experiences even in London - but I think it's just the luck of the draw - I think if you are booking top secret then you need to sometimes be prepared for it not to be as great as you hoped it would - I still think in London and this area it was good value for money.	
Nov 1 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	The most dissapointing experiencr ever, booked through last minute.com top secret, no wonder it was secret that is probably the only way they can get people to stay here. Just vile and dated decor, musty old fashioned rooms, virtually no soundproofing, was meant to spend the day shopping in London today had to come home as so tired having had no sleep as the noisy American in the room next door kept me up and I heard every door slam on the entire floor. Close it and bulldoze it now. You have been warned, this place is a rip off.	
Oct 30 2009 	Top class hotel	would highly reccomend this hotel, staff very pleasant and helpful, cleanliness first class, would go back again	
Oct 30 2009	Five star service!	I booked a room at this hotel for my father and his partner. Although I did not stay there myself I felt the service I received prior to their arrival was worth reviewing. I contacted the hotel to let them know the booking was for a special occasion and the service I had was outstanding. The manager was very approachable and was more than happy to assist me with my requests. In fact he went out of his way to make sure their stay was an incredibly memorable one.For the level of service I received I would happily stay at this hotel and recommend it to others.	
Oct 29 2009 	Dreadful - 2 star at best	Checked in after midnight following a long haul flight. Room was noisey as on level 1 and all the A/C units were outside the window. Decor was shabby, furniture was old and room facilities were non-existent. Room did not even have a mini-bar so called down to reception to see if I could get some water (you would not want to drink from those taps..) to be told room service was closed and I would have to wait until 6am. Same story when requesting a password to log onto internet. A 5* hotel without water in the rooms - get real. Would never stay here again.	
Oct 28 2009 	Never never never stay at this awful hotel	If something looks too good to be true it normally is. I was called unexpectedly to London and made the mistake of going onto lastminute for a late room. There was a 5* hotel in Park Lane advertised under 'Top Secret' - the hotel was soooo good they didn't want the name or details released as the offer was just to good to be true. Originally the price was £119 but when I came to book it was down to £99. I should say at this point that my PA was away so I took on booking responsibilities myself. Oh dear.My initial joy at snapping up such a bargain turned to concern when I checked it out on tripadvisor. Clearly quite a lot of disgruntled people.Now I am here. In this hell. My room is a converted cupboard. It smells terribly, terribly of paint. The bathroom is full of fumes. The walls are covered in scuffs, the carpet is threadbare, the wood is all chipped. The cupboards are cheap, wonky and would not be out of place in a Butlins c. 1950. The shower is a hold up over the bath job. I haven;t tried the pressure but needless to say my expectations of anything more than a dribble are incredibly low.The entire place looks jaded, tired, desolate. It really should be clsoed immediately. You should see the faces on the people walking by - nothing but glum looks. I have been in my room for an hour and have a terrible headache from the fumes. But the reception have told me they cannot move me as the hotel is full. It is awful.I feel that lastminute have a lot to answer for. How on earth can they advertise this as a top secret 'luxury' 5* hotel. It is squalid and awful.It's funny, I hadn't used them for many years but thought I would give them a try. Never again.This hotel should be clsoed immediately or advertised as a 2 star at best. it isn;t good enough for the manager to come on here and tell people he is sorry for their experience. That is too late. People need to be told before that this hotel is a 2* hotel and not a 5*. Please, please, please - if you haven;t been conned by lastminute never book this hotel!!	
Oct 26 2009 	3* hotel - avoid!	Tiny, dirty bedroom with an airconditioning unit and pipe going through the single-glazed window. The bathroom was tiny and diry. The dining room has poor quality food with clueless staff, who are incapable of even making a decent coffee. The famous Palm Court is as beautiful as ever, but I really wouldn't bother staying in this hotel. Just wander in, check out the lovely Art Deco public rooms and stay somewhere else!	
Oct 23 2009 	Very disappointing more 3* than 5*	First impressions are very impressive, as you arrive outside the entrance in Piccadilly it appears very impressive. Then as you decamp from the taxi, there is no doorman to assist with luggage. Walking through the doors you arrive in a lobby area with no staff and no signage as to where reception is, unless you look very carefully you will miss a map indicating that you are in fact at the back entrance of the hotel!! The main entrance is down a very dingy narrow back street which is very dangerous to negotiate as parked cars and cabs make you walk in the road with your luggage! When you do finally arrive at the main entrance, again, no doorman to greet you!Once inside, it again appears quite impressive, but once you start to look around the decor is very tired. Peeling wallpaper, grubby carpets, worn out furniture etc etc. Checking in was swift and professional although once checked in I enquired as to the direction of the rooms and was waived in the general direction of the lift!Once on the floor of my room, the tired decor was even more apparant, lop sided pictures hung from the wall and cracked and yellowing paint adorned each door frame. Once in the room, I was greeted with a very warm, dark, and rather whiffy room with worn and grubby carpets, yellowed and cracked paint, and a bathroom with mildew in every crevice. No tea making facilities in the room but a large and comfortable bed was evident!!The worse however, was yet to come!! After an evening out enjoying the best London has to offer, we were ready for a good night's sleep, this however took a long time to arrive. Firstly, on the ground floor of the hotel is a ballroom where company functions take place. I think we were unfortunate to saty on a night where such a function was taking place, thumping base music was going on until well after midnight which we could feel more than hear! Secondly, the walls between rooms are paper thin. Although not in a room with adjoining doors, the guest in our neighbouring room was talking the internet with various people throughout the night...all of the conversations we heard as if he was in our room!All in all, a very dissappointing experience, not what we expected from an expensive and alledged 5* hotel. Needless to say we will not be staying there again any time soon!!Please buck up your ideas with this potentially fantastic hotel Sheraton.....this should be one of your flagship hotels, it very much lets your organisation down!!	
Oct 22 2009 	Needs a make-over	Way overdue review - sorry folks! Stayed over Xmas holidays using Starwood points - the only thing that made this hotel palatable. The location is fabulous - several blocks away from the Underground and a walk (brisk) away from Buckingham and other sights. The rooms are OLD and require a major overhaul. We were upgraded to a suite connecting to a large double for our kids - the staff took it upon themselves to automatically upgrade us and to make sure the rooms connected!! Email communications with them were easy and fast responses. Never ate there but the dining room was quite nice and was used by many folks at many mealtimes (and little kids seemed quite welcome!). The gym is in the basement via a circuitous route but well-appointed. The stay was great (&quot;free&quot; on points) in a centrally located area (location, location, location). London is fabulous and don't really need to stay too much in one's room!	
Oct 20 2009 	2 star hotel 5 star death-trap	I was very disappointed with this hotel. The first room we were sent to by by the chuckling receptionist was dingy, dreary and small. No wonder the receptionist had been laughing! The bathroom was horribly drenched in condensation, so much so that I was afraid to pull back the shower curtain in case someone was still in there! After returning to reception to complain, we were sent to a slightly bigger room - No 720, which I presume is a half presentable room which management reserves for people who complain. This room initially appeared better and perhaps approached the standard of a reasonable 3 star hotel. Sadly the bathroom was a complete death trap. While in the shower the pressure and temperature suddenly changed, causing the shower head to break free of its holder and cover myself and the floor in extremely hot water as it fell to the floor. This sounds comical now but at the time was a bit painful. If I was an old person or a child I could have been badly injured.Overall this hotel is shabby and in a sorry state. If you have to stay here be prepared to argue at reception for the upgrade to Room 720 - but watch out for the Shower of Doom!	
Oct 17 2009 	great location wonderful staff	we stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton using our Starwood points. Only 10,000 points/nt. The location was perfect. The other Starwood hotel, the Le Meridian was right in the middle of Picadilly Circus and seemed to be in the middle of the craziness. The Sheraton was right across from the Green Park, so we walk out the door and got to see Buckingham Palace in a 10 minute walk across the park. The room was big and quite, and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. The staff was very nice and helpful. They even allowed us to stay in our room until 4pm on check out day since we were Starwood Gold Members. The bus system is super easy to use in this city, so buy an all day bus pass and take a tour. I'd definately stay here again.	
Oct 12 2009 	very hit and miss	I have stayed at this hotel ghalf a dozen time. It is very hit and miss. The big rooms that overlook the park are great. You can lie in bed and see The Eye and Big Ben. The liklihood of getting one of these rooms is pretty small. The rest of the rooms are small, damp, in desperate need of a renovation and unbelievably expensive. In my opinion this place is not worth the punt. All London hotels are expensive compared to most of the rest of the world, but this place shouldn't be a Sheraton. If you have an expectation of what a Sheraton is based on staying in lots of others, dispense with it when you check into this place. It is not even close.	
Oct 12 2009	Refurbish this hotel now!!!!	This hotel does not qualify as a 4 or 5 star hotel...don't spend the money unless you like to be dissapointed. I read the reviews and decided to take a chance - great location but not a great hotel!! It is living in the past - A few of my complaints - 1.) main enterance is not on Piccadily but on a small alley behind hotel - no doorman to help with bags at &quot;front&quot; door. To get to the reception area you have to lug your baggage through the tea room up stairs to a shabby reception area. 2.) No complimentary internet/computer station to check e-mail - you are paying between $250 to $500 but they can't give you a couple of minutes on a computer to check e-mail or print a boarding pass - I get better service at starbucks with a $2.00 coffee (free wi-fi at starbucks). 3.) Hallways were very dark and a musty smell - I understand that the hotel is older but older doesn't = shabby. 4.) The room sure has not been upgraded in years. The bed was compfortable but for the price the room should be in better condition - peeling paint at windows, older carpet, and furnishing - the bed side lamp looked like it was going to tip over. 5) bathroom looked nice - nicely tiled and nice shower but there was a smell and the toilet leaked a large puddle on the floor. One nice thing this hotel does have is a modern work out room - didn't use it but walked by it on my way out and it looks nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best Location !	Comfortable (Exec. level) room. Excellent bathroom - Hotel location absolutely best!	
Oct 8 2009 	Definitely not a five star hotel - rooms a big dissapointment	Upon entrance, the tea room / bar is very grande and stylish. There was a harpist playing and it looked very plush and comfortable. The service in the bar was very good also, and the staff very friendly.Where this hotel falls down in a big way is the rooms. They are dated and in serious need of redecoration. The rooms are stuffy with a musty smell and everything is old and tatty. The heater / dehumidifier in the room was an eye sore. The room in general was small and pretty depressing with only a view of the other side of the building.I suppose the main attraction of the hotel is it has a nice location just across from Hyde Park. Also, I think the hotel would get better reviews if it was a four star hotel because expectations assosiated with, and comparisons to other five star hotels, will leave you dissapointed. I only rated this hotel as poor as it needs to be rated on the basis that it claims to be a five star hotel, and it is a poor five star hotel. It would have scored higher if it was being rated in the four star category.	
Sep 28 2009 	Would never ever stay there again; not even if it's free	It is listed as a 5 star hotel, but it's more like a 3 star or a bad 4 star at best. My bestfriend and I stayed there for 4 nights (Sun-Thurs) for a girls trip. The room was tired and old. The bathroom sink was cracked, carpet was dirty, and the paint was chipping off the wall. We didn't want to pay for an upgrade to a suite (which they were pushing when you check-in), not knowing that we would've got a room with view of the stairwell instead. The concierge was condescending, sarcastic and unhelpful perhaps because both my bestfriend and I look younge for our age. I go to London 3-4 times a year, and stayed at 5-6 (4-5 Stars) hotels in the city, this has got to be the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. The only positive thing I could say is the location. But I would never ever stay there again; not even if it's free.	
Sep 23 2009 	Worst Sheraton Ever.....	The Sheraton Park Tower (where I normally stay) was showing rates of ~ $600 USD, so I chose to stay here with a rate of ~ $300 USD. The only area I feel comfortable giving this hotel a positive rating is location; the rest was abysmal. From the musty rooms with flaking paint, tired carpet and furnishings to the showers with a shower-head that doesn't function properly. Sheraton should do themselves (and all their patrons) a service by either removing the Sheraton name or completely renovating the property and making it worthy of the name.In the end, it was a very tired property with excessive rates for its class. I've stayed in much nicer properties in London for half the price.	
Sep 23 2009 	Our stay could not have been more wonderful!	As a long-standing SPG member, I made a reservation at the Sheraton Park Lane with some trepidation after reading the negative reviews on this site. However, our stay of 7 nights, beginning Aug. 28th could not have been more wonderful. We were upgraded to a beautiful room with a lovely bathroom.By the way, the absence of a bathroom hair dryer outlet is most likely the result of a safety regulation, as my cousin stayed at the Atheneum Hotel next door &amp; had the same issue. I have been at many Sheraton Hotels featuring their &quot;sweet sleeper&quot; beds, but this was THE most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! The service we received was remarkable, especially for a large hotel. The staff was extremely pleasant &amp; helpful,fulfilling any request of ours within minutes.In addition, the Sheraton Park Lane is in a fabulous location. My husband &amp; I, who are not really walkers, were able to walk to many sights. In fact, we were in London several days before we needed to use London's superb underground system. The Green Park station is very close &amp; serves several lines. Given this location, purchasing the Hop-on Hop-off bus ticket is really unnecessary, which we unfortunately didn't realize when we bought it. Shepherd's Market, a couple of blocks away, offered several convenient &amp; varied dining choices (breakfast, lunch, dinner or late evening dessert). All in all, I'm thrilled we chose the Sheraton Park Lane &amp; recommend it highly to others.	
Sep 17 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	OK That is my last stay in this Hotel I just can't stand it anymore.This hotel is supposed to be a 5 star hotel it bearly reaches a standars 3 stars, except for the price of course. Was there for my 6 or 7th stay had some bad experience with them already but also so good ones so I try being faithfull hopping that it pays out...Big mistake!Arrived on a thursday mentioning that my spuse will join me for the week end so it will be nice a get a nice room. After 20 minutes of explaining that I am a Platinium member and a faithfull customer of this establishment I finaly got the oldest park view room in the hotel, The room was really tired and kind of dirty, no ameneties at all was there, no bathroap. Had a bad experience for dinner at the Palm court (very rare I must say).It was even more disapointing that for once that my wife was with me I wanted her to enjoy one the the finest hotel in london and it felt like the Al multlak Hotel in Ryadh!I had to complain every day about something and once again no gesture were made toward me at all.Even better I received an email from Assistant manager the next week asking me to answer a survey as he was sure that as usual my stay at parik lane must a been a blissfull time.	
Sep 16 2009 	In dire need of refurbishment you're better off in a Travelodge!!	I travel to London frequently for a mix of business and pleasure.I booked to stay in this hotel through lastminute.com's secret hotels deal. As a result I achieved a very very good rate. Had I paid full rack rate I was have immediately checked out upon entering (and investigating) my room.I had a classic room. Unlike some other reviewers, my view wasn't too bad. The room was keep temperate by a mobile air con unit - not something one expects to have in one's allegedly 5 star venue.The room size was fine considering central London location.The furniture and fittings were not so much old (I don't mind the classic look) as very shabby.The bed sagged in the middle.The bathroom was clean but that's about the only thing I can say in its favour. The advertised rain shower head made me think that if nothing else I might get a modern shower arrangement, but no it was not to be. The 3/4 bath did indeed have a rainhead shower unit but it was very difficult to enjoy the experience as one wrestled with the shower curtain in a scene not out of place in Psycho!!The mini bar had been removed. No water was provided.There was no kettle, and when one was requested I was told that I would have to order from room service. Price apart, the long waits and general inconvenience of having to call for a cup of tea There was no iron but one was brought very promptly when I requested it (and very promptly).On the plus side........Staff were very pleasant and helpfulPalm Court bar was very goodLocation is excellent	
Sep 13 2009 	Hotel rooms need updating ASAP	Booked this hotel for 7-night stay with points despite reading the so-so reviews on this site. The saving grace of this hotel is the great location!!! The management team was pleasant and efficient in answering questions prior to our arrival. Shepard's Market near by provided pub and restaurant options within 5 minute walk. (skip El Pirata around the corner, not worth the price for tapas) We were upgraded to a suite on the first floor, which barely overlooked the roof top of the restaurant below (that means no views out the window). Room 101 hasn’t been updated in years: the carpet was worn and dirty, floor board creaked, bathroom light fixtures were mis-matched and not all there, and the shower curtain was no more than 1” over the tub that resulted flooring after every shower. There was a hair dryer, but nowhere to plug it in the bathroom. Perhaps no one has stayed in this room in some time because there was layer of dust on desk top and TV. Housekeeping never cleaned/replaced the coffee cups, and after 4 days we had to call to get replacements. On the other hand, they were quick in providing slippers and extra pillows as soon as we called down. We were on vacation with two other couples, and they had no luck in getting better rooms. Their rooms were in the same condition and with space barely enough to lay out suite cases. The hotel restaurant breakfast is over-priced!! 26GBP for continental breakfast buffet is outrageous, even for central London. Next trip to London, perhaps will try the other 2 spg properties close by.	
Sep 8 2009 	A Crown Jewel	A stately gem with class and character in a prime location. We enjoyed the large and well-equipped room, spacious modern bath (the heated towel racks are a lovely touch), friendly service, and the elegant Palm Court lounge. When arriving, most taxi drivers seem to know it's more convenient to bring guests to the Brick Street entrance, but you may wish to specify just to be sure.	
Sep 8 2009 	Oh dear oh dear oh dear!	Went for a Lastminute.com Mystery, which has worked very well in the past but this time it was a disaster. How this Hotel has the cheek to proclaim itself as 5* I have no idea. The room we had on the 6th Floor was just so tired. The bathroom was like a Victorian Spa with old chipped tiles, exposed drill holes from previous attached accessories. The room overlooked a scruffy inner courtyard with a constant whirring from a piece of machinery to listen to if you dared open the creeky window.There were no bath robes as promised in the booking. An ironing board was present but no iron! I found a housekeeper who didn't speak a word of English and had to almost play a game of Charades for ten minutes to get her to understand that I needed an iron and then it was almost unusable due to having a burnt underside. The brekafast is extortionate at £20 each and still they charge you a tray Charge if you want it in bed!I have probably spent over 1000 nights in hotel rooms in my life, but this is the first one that had no Coffee/tea making facilities in the room. You have to request them from Room service who then take an age to deliver them to your bedroom then hang around expectantly awaiting a tip for providing something that should have been in the room in the first place!On the plus side Conceirge were brilliant and arranged Phantom tickets for us at very short notice and were generally very helpful and efficient.Overall however I won't be rushing back in a hurry until Sheraton chuck a few million pounds at some serious Cosmetic surgery on this hotel as a far better standard can be obtained from lesser star rated hotels in London at a fraction of the price.The place did seem almost deserted with very few people milling around. Perhaps word has already got around to stay clear and that's why it is turning up on mystery hotels heavily discounted.	
Sep 7 2009 	Definitely not a 5 star hotel!	I picked this hotel because is was listed as a 5 star property on Expedia. It is DEFINTIELY not a 5 star property. 3 star is more appropriate. While the service and location was fine, it is in DIRE need of a renovation. The bathroom in my room was fine, but the hallways of the hotel and my room overall was very old school. Also, when I arrived my room was not ready and I had to wait for one. In the meantime, I went to have breakfast in their main restaurant. The food was just ok and not great, and their bar/lounge scene is non-existent. The bottom line is, if they are not going to renovate this hotel it should be listed as a 3 star.	
Sep 3 2009	Great location but that's all	We booked this as a Last Minute top secret hotel. Apart from the excellent location, right opposite Green Park, it was very poor.The room we had was dark and dingy, painted a drab grey, with some rather tired furniture. The view was to the side of another building, very unattractive. There were no tea/coffee making facilities. On the plus side, the bed was large and very comfortable. The dreadful bathroom was the worst feature of this room, absolutely ancient. Shower over a narrow bath so that the plastic shower curtain was always swishing against you - yuck. The supply of toiletries seemed random and there was no mirror for shaving or doing makeup.We did not use the restaurant or have breakfast, which we were told was £23.95.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, even at the cheap rate that we had.	
Sep 2 2009 	Not 5 star and a bit tired	Went with friends and my wife for a 2 night stay last weekend having taken a chance on Superbreak's Mystery Hotel offer. The hotel frankly needs a refurbishment and is looking very tired. The public areas are ok but the bedrooms needs an uplift to get anywhere near a 5 star rating. Minimal tolietries, no bathrobe or slippers. Overpriced breakfast which we did not partake of due to price alone, much better to take a short walk to Shepherds Market in Mayfair. Please get rid of the teddy bear on the bed, look cute but how many people have touched this before, not nice. Convenient car park at the rear at £38 per night. Overall we enjoyed our stay but had we not been there on the offer price we would have been dissapointed.	
Sep 1 2009 	GREAT LOCATION but.....This Hotel Needs Work!	We are SPG members, as are our friends. We had stayed at the Park Lane a few years ago, happy with the location (we love to walk and this hotel makes it easy to do so), we knew it was not up to the grade of other Sheraton Hotels we'd stayed at this summer. We were upgraded to a room with a lovely bathroom, separate shower, with a view of the Park....but the furnishings were not even garage sale quality....chipped legs, ancient dresser with drawers that would not open. We had to call for the bathrobe and slippers we knew we should have in the room....also had to call for an iron. The bath does not have an outlet for a hair dryer, and where the outlet was there was no mirror....also no hot pot to make tea in London!!!! The room needs new furniture, the hotel needs a nicer attitude...our friends complained about their room which faced an alley, and had horrible lighting..is this any way to treat SPG members? We needed an early breakfast the day we were being picked up for a tour and no one on the staff knew when the restaurant opened!	
Aug 26 2009 	Solid Choice for SPG members	SPG Gold member. Got two adjoining rooms at end of hall. One was a bit larger than the other. The rooms faced the front/park. The photo they show of this hotel makes it look like it's in the middle of a huge park. It is not. It is on Picadilly Street which is a main drag in london. lots of traffic. The park is across the street. The hotel is sandwhiched next to other buildings, not stand alone. But note, NOTHING is standalone in Europe. Dont know why they show a picture like that. It really doesnt matter but I thought I would point it out.This really is a prime location in my book. About a 10 minute walk to Picadilly Circus, and Soho. Quite central to most of london. Subway stop 2 blocks away and bus stop across street. The rooms we were in had been remodeled and were quite nice. Very comfortable sheraton sweet sleeper bed . Best one we had in europe. AC worked great and was quiet. Best thing is they added a third window for sound isolation to the noisy street so you barely hear any street noise. This to me is a BIG plus in noisy european citys and especially since this hotel faces a very busy street.Staff was all great and helpful. Lobby decor is very classic (and some would call dated) european 50's look. Still comfortable. Ate bar food one night for late snack and it was not bad. Tea time of course is hotel expensive and ok but there are lots better ones in london. (The tea at the Orangrey in the park is fantastic). New small italian themed cafe (forgeting the name) facing Picadilly is open for breakfast and was pretty decent and not outrageously priced like the main hotel restaurant (which we never ate at). So all in all a solid recomend. Just make sure you get an upgraded remodeled room because I'm not sure if they have done them all.	
Aug 26 2009 	Execllent Hotel in good location with friendly staff	My partner and I stayed one night at this hotel on 22 Aug for his 50th birthday. We chose this hotel as it looked a lovely hotel and was in the exact location we wanted to be in. We had afternoon tea booked at the Ritz in the afternoon, theatre in the evening followed by a meal in Chinatown and wanted to be in walking distance of all of these which we were. We were given a lovely quiet executive room overlooking Green Park. The room was a nice size with a lovely comfortable sleeper bed. Every member of staff we saw said hello to us at all times even if just walking through the wonderful palm court. Mr Igor Buercher was extremely helpful and made sure my stay was memorable. We would not hesitate in returning to this hotel when next in London.	
Aug 26 2009	Uncaring staff in an old neglected hotel	My wife and I recently spent three nights in this poorly run hotel. Upon check in we were promised a complementary bottle of wine which was never delivered.In addition upon arriving in our room which had a view of an airshaft and never saw sunlight. We also discovered that the room safe didn't work and that even with all of the lamps lit the room wasn't bright enough to read in comfortably. We called the desk to report the defective safe and someone from security came up to the room and confirmed that the safe was not working. He said the safe would be replaced or the room would be changed. We repeatedly reminded the staff of the problem and three days later when we left nothing had been done to correct the problems, nor was the wine delivered.At check out we were asked about how our stay was. When we informed the clerk that it was miserable. We explained the problems and he informed us that there was no mention of any of this in the computer. We then asked about compensation for this miserable experience. The clerk said he would speak to the manager, and after five minutes returned to offer 1500 Starwood points. When we voiced out displeasure with this he upped the offer to 2000 points. Woefully inadequate compensation for the lousy experience. The manager couldn't even come out to talk with us directly. No wonder the hotel is so poorly run. I am shocked that the Sheraton name is associated with such a miserable hotel. This is a place to be avoided unless you are a masochist.	
Aug 24 2009 	A good hotel - excellent location	I had concerns staying at this hotel considering the mixed reviews noted on the different travel sites; however, I was very impressed and pleased with our stay. The room was a nice size and very modern; we stayed in an efficiency suite. The staff was very pleasant and helpful during our stay. I found the location to be ideal, close to Buckingham Palace and major shopping areas.	
Aug 21 2009 	Location Location Location. 5 Star Staff. 5 Star Bar 	This is an excellent hotel. Aside from it's central location with a 5 min stroll to Buckingham Palace, the staff bring this place to life. They take pride in their hotel and pamper the guests on every level. My room, 644, was very nice, clean and large by London standards. It did not have a spectacular view, but was acceptable. The bathroom was long and clean, with nice traditional fixtures. I've read a few comments about the water pressure and they are true. My bath was full in less then 3 minutes. So... I'd highly recommend this hotel for it's unbeatable location and friendly staff. 2 min walk to the Hard Rock, 5 min walk to the Ritz, 10 min walk to Regent Street &amp; shopping. Busses, taxis &amp; tube are very accessible. Green Park is directly across the street and gorgeous. And don't miss the pubs &amp; cafes tucked back behind the hotel in Sheppard’s Market.I can't wait to return. ~ Barrett	
Aug 20 2009 	well situated and well appointed	As a fan of the Starwood brand, I was happy with my experience at the Park Lane. Centrally located - within walking distance to Buckingham, Fortnum &amp; Mason, the West End, Piccadilly, Canada House, the National Gallery and so much more- the Park Lane is a pleasant hotel. The staff is friendly and attentive - especially in the Palm Court (everyone was great) and Bracewells (Anne, especially was great!) - Citrus needs to pick up the pace and lead the charge at this hotel; while our one meal here was disappointing, I couldn't help but think that so much more was possible. I like to be acknowledged by the staff of a hotel, and the Park Lane excels here: from the cleaning staff to the front desk, people were truly pleasant. I'll be back.	
Aug 17 2009 	look elsewhere. if this was the first sheraton you ever stayed in it would be the last.	long queues to check in and out caused by old IT systems. dingy rooms and public areas. noisy airco with cold winds blowing even on low setting. noise from ventilators outside if the windows open. constant slamming doors from room service/housekeeping. voices from neighbours clearly audible and also through the airco. no tea or coffee making facilities. tiny bath/shower with scalding high pressure water and wet shower curtain clinging to your back. never again!Well, the location is good, so my advice, stay out and enjoy London.	
Aug 12 2009 	Free weekend night...mare!	Do you like to spend the night in a smelly room, with an old worn out mattress, torn out curtains, scalding showers, noisy a/c &amp; noisy bathroom pipework? Use your award points to book an overnight night at the Park Lane Sheraton Hotel. And you will be rewarded with the worst a hotel could offer you.As a member of Starwood Preferred Guest I had a free weekend night award to use until September. I booked the 8th of August for one night in a king size bedroom. When I received the confirmation they offered me to upgrade to an executive room park view for £40. I thought it would be a treat for my partner, so I booked the upgrade giving my card details for that. I did not get the room with the upgrade, I got the worst room in the building. We woke up at 5 am with the pipe noise in the bathroom (more like a Scotsman playing a bagpipe in your bathroom). And left, never to return and ready to write about and warn fellow travellers about it.	
Aug 6 2009 	Grim and dated	Stayed one night and picked the location for its central position. The parking garage was great for our motorcycle and very reasonably priced. The reception area was strangely placed at the rear of the hotel and very small. Our room was grim and dark with cracked, marked paint and damp, peeling wallpaper. The bathroom was ancient, cracked tiles and grubby. The shower was good and powerful but set up for a midget. The shower curtain was not waterproof and the floor was swamped. I don't think the bathroom had been refitted since the thirties! A noisy, portable air conditioner made the humid night bearable. The only good thing about the room was the sweet sleeper bed.When we were checking in there were several people in reception complaining. In spite of arranging a late checkout our keys expired before lunchtime and we had to trail back to get one updated.Next time we will go back to the Waldorf - Hilton do it so much better.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Location	The location was great we could walk to most sites but the Tube was also only a block away. The hotel was clean and had everything I needed. I would recommended it.	
Jul 22 2009 	London Rocks	For our 1st trip to London we stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton (Suite) for 5 nights. As an SPG member I try to stay at their brands when I can and this one didn't disapoint.Not as big and opulent as the Sheraton On The Park (Sydney), but a really nice hotel in a great location, shops/cafes, Buckingham Palace are a short walk, as is the West End theatre district.If you're walking to the hotel (with bags) as we did from the nearest Underground Station (Green Park) it's easier with bags if you go up the lane before the main street entrance and go in to reception from the laneway. This way you don't have to drag bags etc through the cafe area. The laneway access is also where all the taxis pick up.The suite was lovely (if a bit cosy), awesome shower and as usual, a great Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed. Try the interesting cold drinks they have at reception every morning, some (for us) strange flavor ideas going on there.The only things I could be negative about were that there was no &quot;English Breakfast&quot; tea in the room which I thought strange as we were in England - however a quick word to Guest Services had this fixed and our room wasn't ready on arrival, however, we did get in at 8am.The staff were excellent and so was the service during our stay. This even extended to our trip by cab to the airport, when we discovered (at the airport) one of our bags wasn't in the cab, the Sheraton had already put it in another cab (at their expense) and it turned up minutes later - good work guys!!!For all the negative reports about the weather in the UK, we had blue skies and warm temps the whole time, we actually got a bit sunburnt - hard to do as we're from Australia.	
Jul 13 2009 	Simply Superb	Before we went I checked the reviews here and was hesitant about visiting, but we keep our loyalty to Sheraton and booked anyhow. Very pleased we did! The whole experience from start to end was excellent. Staff very attentive and extremely polite, we had a superb room (329), extremely spacious, clean and quiet. The layout of the rom was very well though, and even when we had the extra bed for our daughter arrived it was still roomy and at no point did we feel cramped.The concierge helped a lot with arrangements, even putting the picnic we had got from F&amp;M on Saturday in cold storage until we needed it on Sunday.We left the car at the Sharaton Garage, very reasonable cost and again, excellent staff and the car was well looked after.Would we go back? ...in a flash yes! I am baffled by the other reviews and as a very regular traveller globally I was extremely satisfied.	
Jul 8 2009 	Room was a let - not 5 star by any means	One night stay booked 'blind' through lastminute.com as a unnamed '5 star hotel.overlooking Green Park'. Paid £148. Managed to check in early. Christian in Reception was very good. Got Room 718. Small room. Difficult to get round door to wheel suitcase in. Very old and tired bathroom. Dripping bath taps. Water hammer noise from toilet cystern. Old mirror and fittings. Not up to standard. Sure visitors from US would laugh at the bathroom. Sure other rooms are better? Not 5 star by any means. No tea/coffee makings in room - poor show. No hotel guide book or stationery. Instead a very strange choice of glossy mag - 'Wallpaper' with lot of sexual content. Didn't use Hotel facilities - looked expensive. Great location - we were attending Buckingham Palace for garden party - very easy walk away. If I'd paid more, I would not have been a happy bunny with room, otherwise OK for a night.	
Jul 4 2009 	I Expected More	Some web sites list this property as a 5-star. The lobby and location are great, but the rooms themselves are 3.5-star at best. There is no central air- just a noisy portable unit that you need to constantly keep running and then the room is alternatively too hot or too cold. Hotel restaurants are overpriced. High speed internet hard to get in some rooms. For the price and the star rating they try to project - I was sorely disappointed. I could have stayed at a real 5-star hotel for the same price.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location Service 	Stayed for 4 nights at the sheraton park lane mid June 2009. The location was excellent about a 5 min walk to the centre of Picadilly. The rooms were OK nothing special i think they need to be re-furbished to give them a lift (e.g. carpet worn, furniture worn). The staff did not seem professional and were not as helpful as they could have been. This stay would be worth it if the rooms were 100 pounds cheaper.	
Jul 3 2009 	Overpriced Small Room Annoying Lobby Configuration	The Park Lane Sheraton is located about a ten minute walk from the Green Park Tube Station, and a 15 minute walk to Piccadilly Circus. Upon entering from Park Lane you must haul your luggage across the bar/tea room (down and up some steps) to Reception. From there you take one of two elevators to your room floor, and enter your room to discover that you can't fit your little wheely suitcase through because the bed is so close to the door. For a business hotel, I found I had to unplug lights in order to plug in my laptop. However, they did have a very reasonable wireless Internet service for a fee of £38 for the week (I stayed five days).In my room rate, at least, the £184 per night I was paying included neither breakfast nor Internet service. Now none of this is horribly surprising, given how expensive London can be, and we are pretty much in high season. However, I think you can still do better. There is no need to be so far from a Tube station, for instance.	
Jun 27 2009 	A+ for Location B for Room Decor / Size B for Room Service	Stayed at The Park Lane Sheraton Hotel from June 20 - 26. Booked the accommodation using Starwood points. First, I agree with other contributors who reviewed this hotel that the location of this hotel is the major selling point. It's about 2 - 3 blocks away from the Green Park Tube underground station. It's a 10 minute stroll across Green Park to Buckingham Palace. There is a PRET and Starbucks about 3 - 4 blocks away from the hotel for basic breakfast and lunch, and a cafe called Henry's (http://www.allinlondon.co.uk/clubs_bars/review-515.php) also about 3 - 4 blocks away that serves a delicious breakfast at a pretty reasonable price. The hotel also has a few restaurants that serve breakfast. I tried the Citrus (http://citrusrestaurant.co.uk/). The food was good, but a bit more pricey. There's also a Marks &amp; Spencer's Simple Food (http://www.allinlondon.co.uk/directory/1160/21715.php) about 4 -5 blocks away also. It's above the Green Park Tube underground station. Finally, it's also about a 20 minute walk along Piccadilly to Piccadilly Circus where you can catch a play in the neighborhood theater. Room decor / size could be better. My friend and I were originally placed in a Classic room with two single beds on the fourth floor (436). The room was very small, with very little room to maneuver. For the very first time, I ended up calling the front desk within minutes to see if we can get a larger room. The Executive rooms were not available, but the front desk asked that I inquire the next morning to see if there are any larger room. The next morning, I was able to secure a larger room on the 6th Floor (one of the Starwood Preferred Guests floor). The room was still small compared to rooms in the U.S.A., but definitely more room than the Classic room. One thing we noticed is that there are no coffee makers in the rooms (Classic and this larger one). The bathrooms in both these rooms are also very narrow. The decor of the rooms definitely need an update. Room service was also not as satisfactory compared to other hotels I've stayed at. One of the evenings, I ordered two scoops of strawberry and one scoop of vanilla ice-cream. What came was two scoops of vanilla and one scoop of strawberry ice-cream. i also ordered a bottle of Evian water. Instead, at first the room service staff forgot my bottle of water and had to go back to get it. He then brought back a bottle of water from Scotland. When I questioned about the Evian water (which was what was listed in the room service menu), he just said they didn't have it. Also, we had another situation where we couldn't figure out how come there was no air conditioning in the larger room on the 6th floor. This was the same night as the room service The Guest Service department said they would send an engineer over to check. Well, we waited and no one showed up. We decided not to press any further since the room got less warm / stuffy after we opened the windows. Well, the next day was much warmer and we had to call the engineer again. This time someone did show up and explained that the air conditioning for the entire hotel was shut off on the prior days because there were complaints from some guests about it being cold. Maybe my friend and I misunderstood him, but we found the explanation quite strange. While the room service was not as acceptable, the staff at the front desk were pretty nice and helpful. Similarly for the restaurant staff at the Citrus and the Palm Court.	
Jun 22 2009 	Some plus points but needs to come into 21st century!	The hotel is brilliantly located, looks grand from the oustide and lobby, well designed bar and restaurant but far less so once the card slips into your room door. What a shame! Rooms are more like a holiday inn sadly, the style and luxury has faded and it all looks a bit sad; out of date, no modern, stylish touches or any real hint of thoughtful creativity in deisgn. Basic office style swivel chair sits at the table- as cold and unromantic/ basic as you could get?!This is what majority of guests will stay at a hotel like this for- a stylish, comfotable but luxurious room. Having previously stayed at the Hilton park lane the rooms here, and being only a tiny bit less price wise, do pale in comparison. Adding new bedside tables/modern chairs, a few stylish accessories and light fittings would do the trick to start with... Just better colour and style coordinated throughout really. Im amazed with so many reviews on here saying the same re. the rooms, that they have let them stay in their current state for so long. Gradually the bathrooms should also be updated!Gym is a plus point but having only stayed one night cant comment on too mcuhl else but the room!	
Jun 17 2009 	Great location service ok it is a 4*	The location is great, the food from the hotel and in the cafe (Citrus) are excellent. The rooms are ok, old-style. But definitely is not a 5*, mainly because of their service, that is ok, but not great. Consider it a good 4*, and you will not be dissapointed.	
Jun 16 2009 	Amazing experience at a 5 star hotel	I stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane in June and had an amazing experience celebrating my anniversary with my girlfriend. The staff were very professional and helpful during my stay and answered all my queries regarding my stay and made sure I was satisfied with my room which was upgraded for my stay. Mr Igor Buercher from Sheraton was extremely helpful and made sure my stay was memorable. The service and location was excellent and allowed me to get around London very easily.The attention to detail during my stay was excellentI look forward to returning to Park Lane Sheraton	
Jun 11 2009 	A very good stay	We found an incredible deal on Expedia for this hotel. It cost us under $300 (usd) for a junior-type suite. We did have to prepay the hotel to receive this deal but it was worth it and there is a cancellation policy so we felt secure. The suite was very large (queen bed, 2 desks, couch, coffee table, 2 easy chairs, fridge, 2 closets, etc.) and we had plenty of room to pad around. The bathroom was large compared to standard London bathrooms - separate tub and shower. I stayed at the Chesterfield Mayfair 2 years ago for $475 (usd) and the room and bathroom would have fit inside this junior suite.GREAT location (Green Park across the Street and tube station 3 blocks away) and the staff was friendly and accomodating. You have to purchase a timed pass to use the computer in a room off the lobby and we used up a few minutes of our time because of a computer problem so they gave us an additonal pass for free - no questions.There's a wonderful small &quot;locals&quot; pub a couple of hundred yards in back of the hotel (can't remember the name) that the concierge recommended and we had a great fish and chips meal.We never ate at the hotel but the Afternoon Tea looked delicious.Buy an Oyster Pass from a tube station if you don't plan on taking taxis. We rode all around London (tube and bus) for 5 days and it cost us each around $40 usd . Each day it has a maximum deduction so after you reach that amount they stop deducting from the pass. A GREAT deal!!	
Jun 11 2009 	4 star perhaps not 5.	I stayed in the Sheraton park Lane weekend of 4th &amp; 5th June and as I am a starwood member, had enough points to get one night free.I had been in london for the week on business and was staying in a 4-star hotel in Marlebone for the previous 3 nights, so was looking forward to my husband joining me for the weekend and moving to the 5 star Park Lane. Unfortunately I was really disappointed and wished I had stayed on in the Marlebone hotel. The positives about Park Lane are of course the location, it is wonderful. The food was wonderful also, Afternoon tea in particular was amazing. But after you leave this wonderful part of the hotel and go to your room, it is a different story.The most disappointing things for me, besides the fact that the room was extremely basic and badly needed refurbishment, was that there was no robe, slippers or tea/coffee facilities - basics in any 4/5 star London hotel. There was 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner and 1 soap (all very small sizes) left for both my husband and I....and no shower gel/bath lotion. I walked down to reception to express my disatisfaction, the girl was very pleasant and immediately sent up all of the above to our room. I feel it is very poor that I had to ask for these simple and basic things in a 5-star central London location.I filled up a comments card in the hotel, mentioning all the above points but I have heard nothing from them since.This hotel is definitely not a 5-star hotel, and I am very very surprised that it is ranked as such.	
Jun 8 2009 	If This Is 5 Stars I'd Hate To See 4!	This hotel is a pit! The rooms haven't been updated in decades, there is no air conditioning and most rooms have no view unless you like looking out the window and seeing an escape ladder and exhaust fans. The lobby is non-existent and the only real choice of restaurants are the far to formal offerings in the hotel itself. The only positive thing I can say about this place is the staff is as accommodating as they can be with what they have been given to deal with. This is not a great hotel and far too expensive for what you get; small, outdated, ugly, hot rooms.	
Jun 3 2009 	excellent hotel and location	we have recently stayed at this hotel and was very sceptical following bad reviews however, i can only say visit the hotel for yourself to see how lovely it is.. we stayed last weekend and booked because we were going to a concert at the O2 and got a great deal. The location could not be better, great for the tube although never needed it as everything is walking distance .. leicester square, buckingham palace, piccadilly circus, knightsbridge, marble arch.. couldnt have asked for more. the hotel is very grand and the room we were allocated was lovely.. very quiet and very clean.. staff were extremely polite.the only downside to the hotel was that the drinks at the bar were very expensive but expected. im not a snob but do enjoy good quality and i cannot fault the hotel for anything.... there is a great little pub/cafe called Henrys 5 mins walk from the hotel serving all day food which was great for breakfast etc...all in all, worth every penny...	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice hotel great location but rooms are tiny	Normally get upgraded to a larger room due to SPG status. However, all the hotels were fully booked due to the garden show, and I was assigned a &quot;regular&quot; room.The room was clean, but it was tiny. Even by European hotel standards. The hotel was lovely, especially the lobby and cafe area. And the service is impeccable.The location is beyond amazing as it is right beside Green Park and close to Piccadilly Circus.	
May 27 2009 	Nice old-style hotel in convenient location	I agree with much of what's already been said in previous reviews. The hotel is very well-situated, which is it's main selling point. Very close walking distance to tube stations, several bus stops just outside and also close walking distance to restaurants, coffee shops, attractions, etc. Also a big convenience was that it's on the Picadilly tube line - which is the one from Heathrow. We took the tube from Heathrow r/t and it was easy, cheap and convenient. We used Starwood points so I can't really speak to the value of the room price. The room was clean and large. Huge, marble bathroom with a tub and very large seperate shower. There was also a walk-in closet. The bed was huge and very comfortable. Front desk was well-staffed and courteous. One minor hiccup - we arrived early and were told to come back at about 1:30 or 2:00 when our room would be ready. When we came back at just after 3:00 pm, the room still wasn't ready, but it was just about 10 more minutes so it did work out fine. One other downside (as previously mentioned) was the cost of the internet in the business center. It was outrageous. We ended up just browsing guidebooks at a bookstore when we needed specific info, but definitely find another place to use the internet and save money. There are some internet cafes around and I saw signs advertising 1 pound for an hour (rather than 5 pounds for 15 minutes at the hotel!)	
May 26 2009 	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!!	I was so annoyed with my stay at the sheraton park lane hotel that I signed up to to the trip advisor website just to write this review.I stayed on the 2nd of May 2009 for my sisters wedding. Check in took 2 hours after they sent me to an occupied room and then a dirty room with not even an apologie.2 weeks later I check my bank statement and they charge me twice the amount - I could not believe it!!!This is the biggest dump of a hotel I have ever stayed in my entire life, save your money and do NOT stay in this hotel... I repeat do NOT stay in this hotel!!!WHAT A LOAD OF RUBBISH - 5 star..... Your having a laugh!!	
May 25 2009 	Great hotel but needs some work	I have stayed at this hotel in the past and will stay again in the future. The rooms are fine, but could be updated a little bit. We had a room (#711) that was oversized and overlooked green park. At night we could sit in bed and look at the London Eye and Big Ben. The service was first rate when something was requested, but if things were not requested, they were sometimes overlooked. For example, we were only given one bar of soap for a 5 night stay. But they quickly fixed it when we asked for more. There was a food charge on our room that we did not make, and when we brought this to the attention of the front desk, it was quickly taken off of our room. The hotel is in a great location and met all of our needs. One of things that we enjoyed was the free bottles of water that were given out by the front desk.	
May 24 2009 	perfect location excellent staff lovely room	I was a little nervous staying at the Sheraton Park Lane I had read some bad reviews I was going for a week and was paying for two nights and using points for the other 5. I was so pleasantly surprised we had an exueuctive room over looking the park very large king size room with a marble bathroom. The staff was excellent and a few things I needed they were there immediately. I would recommend highly It needs a lille updating but that would not keep me from going back and for course Green Park is the best location.	
May 19 2009 	Great location but not-so-great hotel.	My husband and I spent three nights at the Park Lane hotel while we were vacationing in London. The hotel was very well located on the edge of Green Park; a 5 minute walk through the park to Buckingham Palace, and a 5 minute walk to the Green Park underground station on the Picadilly Line. Absolutely no complaints from a location perspective.A bit of a disappointment was the hotel itself. It is in dire need of renovation; the rooms are definitely showing their age and lacked the luxury feel normally associated with the Sheraton hotel chain. We had a one-bedroom suite, but the room was oddly set-up; you entered into the middle of a hallway; turn left and you go into the bedroom, turn right and there is a random sitting room area at the other end of the hall which really served no purpose. The furniture was all awkwardly placed and looked as though it had been there since the hotel's beginning. The only saving grace was that the king bed was a Sweet Sleeper bed that was very comfortable.Overall, the location was great; the hotel was so-so; but certainly a disappointment considering the rate per night.	
May 19 2009 	Great location but not a 5 star hotel	The hotel was wonderful, but if I had been paying anything close to the rate offered through most on-line services, I would have been unhappy.My biggest complaint was internet access. The hotel changes ~$10.00 an HOUR extra for internet. There is a reduced rate if you purchase longer periods (per day or per week), but to not include this in the base rate is unacceptable. In addition to the high additional fee, once you pay it's only good for a single computer, so if you travel with a spouse that has her own machine, you have to pay twice! Ta.Steve Porter	
May 18 2009 	The real skinny....	A Hotel review is based on a personal and subjective opinion.What may be acceptable to you, may not be to me, and vice versa. Sheraton Park Lane London. 4* Rated.Fri + Sat night. Starwood Gold status using Starwood points.Location: On Piccadilly close to Hyde Pk Corner. Close to all the West end shopping centers. Great bus /tube links.Tube: Green Pk or Hyde Pk corner. 5 min walk with bags.Enter main reception from Brick St at rear of property, although you can enter through the Palm Court entrance on Piccadilly.Buckingham Palace 5 mins away. Opposite is Green Park. A lovely place to walk any time of day. Property: Older style. Listed building from 1700's.Check in: 7/10 - Easy and good natured. International Staff. Status recognized and offered upgraded exec room - assigned to 8th floor. First room was noisy, very worn and bed was not the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper which is why I came here in the first place.Changed room to the quiet wing Rm 654 (see photos) on Starwood Preferred floor.Better room - cleaner, quieter, nicer bathroom, better bed. It really pays to reject any poor room.Architecturally imposing public areas. Mini Bar. Don't open the door to review, it will trigger a charge that is a hassle to remove.Work desk, + seating areas in some rooms.Bathroom: Locking solid door - Nice marble if that's your thing - powerful rain showers. Various middling quality personal care products.Towels: Nice and fluffy - Bathrobe: No - Bidet: I got one ...Closet: Yes, hair dryer, iron etc.View. Some overlook Piccadilly and Green Park. Many overlook interior court, or adjoining buildings.Smoking: I don't think so but I smelled smoke in the hallways.I asked twice for a kettle and tea making facilities. It failed to show up. 1/10They add an unannounced (1) One pound 'voluntary' charitable donation to your bill. Don't they understand about pulling stuff like that? If they don't, then there is nothing I can say except - REMOVE IT. 0/10What's nearby: Transportation links.Marks and Spencer food store 3 mins away. The excellent Prêt A Manger sandwich and coffee shop is two blocks from Hotel on Piccadilly. UPDATE: Prêt now features FREE WIFI. This is a very valuable convenience for any visitor. The Hotel charges an outrageous amount for slow Broadband. 2/10. The Ritz Hotel is just down the road, where for a small fortune you can experience their very famous British afternoon tea. Just a little further down Piccadilly on the same side is 'Patisserie Valerie' Excellent coffee and outrageous bakery.Direct Bus and tube access to all West end shopping and Theaterland - or walk just 10 mins away.Safety: Very good 7/10. Although Big City common sense always applies. Conclusion: A property in need of modernization and upgrade to compete with US 4* standards.Some upgrades, new flat screens, marble bathrooms. Many mixed reviews of this property.Good location to base yourself for all tourist activities. If you get a good room it's fine, if you don't - complain.Stay again? Probably notUS rating: Currently 3.5 / 4 star.Value: Reasonable for London $$. 6/10	
May 17 2009 	We enjoyed a great stay at a great rate.	Over the years, I've stayed at the Park Lane Hotel several times, including this past month. My wife and I enjoyed a great stay there at a great rate. The location is unbeatable--a short walk to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, the theater district, the shops of Oxford Street and Bond Street, Soho, etc. And--unusual for anywhere in the West End--there's even a Sainsbury's Supermarket, a Marks and Spencer food store and a Boots Pharmacy within a few blocks of the hotel. We found the staff friendly and efficient (the assistant manager, Igor Buercher, was particularly accommodating and eager to please.) And we were fortunate to get a really nice, large comfortable room with a view of the rooftops of Mayfair, at a really good promotional rate (three nights for the price of two.)We can't comment on room service or any of the other hotel amenities, but we did treat ourselves to cocktails in the hotel's magnificent art deco lounge. A harpist accompanies an elegant and luxurious tea service there in the afternoon. These are experiences hard to duplicate in a modern, cookie-cutter hotel. If you're looking for old world charm (albeit a bit frayed at the edges), in the same prestigious location as the Ritz, the Intercontinental and the Dorchester, at a great value, I recommend the Park Lane Hotel. No doubt the hotel today is need of updates and renovation, and, as with most older London hotels, you might end up with accommodations that are smaller then you expected, or have no view, etc. But, when Sheraton gets around to refurbishing the Park Lane to its former glory, it will undoubtedly be one of London's best. And it will also surely be much more expensive.	
May 15 2009 	Great location but room and hotel common areas need upgrading	I stayed here for 2 nights. I received some type of upgrade as a SPG Gold member but I think it was only to the SPG floor. The room was decent with a flat screen TV, nice bed and big bathroom but the furniture and walls needed upgrading. They are so old. Still, it wasn't too bad and I got a really good rate. The location made up for any negatives about the hotel. It's right across the street from Green Park and within walking distance of Piccadilly and Knightsbridge. Plus, the buses run so often in front of the hotel that I just used them as ways to get around town (no need to walk to the Tube station and down into the caverns). The staff was generally nice, polite and professional. I also found them to be very helpful with directions and suggestions for places to eat and visit. I would definitely stay here again with the right deal.	
May 13 2009 	Great location rooms just ok	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while traveling in Europe. My husband and I are gold Starwood members, and are supposed to get a room upgrade if available, but unfortunately the hotel did not have it available. The first room we were shown to smelled of smoke, even though we had requested non-smoking. It was also extremely tiny - we could barely fit our luggage and ourselves in the room. We called down to the desk and fortunately they were able to change our room. Our new room was much larger than the previous one, even though it was supposedly not an upgrade. I found that rather strange.The location is great - right by Green Park, very near the Green Park tube station. Considering the rainy weather in London, I was very surprised they did not provide an umbrella for guests in the closet. Using the business center to check in to your flight was free, but any other use of the business center is charged for.	
May 13 2009 	Horrible Plumbing	This is a beautiful hotel with a great bar and common room, but the guest rooms were somewhat of a joke. My boyfriend and I stayed here and the toilet would not flush, so we called the front desk. They sent someone up in a timely manor, but simply told us the plumbing was old and that you had to flush it wih a lot of force??? Honestly it was a joke, you had to use all your strength and pump it like 10 times to get just toilet paper down. I will spare you the other details. The shower was pretty poor, the water pressure and the shower head were from the 1700's. The bed was great, but I have seen better at a 5 star hotel. Overall the location is perfect and near many great resturants, but I wouldn't say the price is worth the room we were given.	
May 13 2009 	Perfect Park Lane made maiden trip with child unforgetable!	Form the moment we walked in, the staff was friendly, professional, and extremely helpful to the our somewhat unique needs. With 10 month old baby in tow, and another on the way, travel can be somewhat taxing. But our decision to stay at the Park Lane was rewarded with a level of service that was truly Five Star. Additionally, the spacious rooms were very comfortable, and the location couldn't be better. Very good value, and I highly recommend it.	
May 11 2009	Gorgeous hotel really central	I visited this hotel in March 09 with my parents who are in their 50's.Hotel was perfect place to stay in, was convenient for everything we wanted to do-shop, sight see, west end musicals etc and there was a lovely atmosphere in the area. We got it at a reduced price so it was good value for money but i'd say if we hadn't gotten a reduced rate it would have been incredibly expensive. One of the negatives was that our breakfast wasn't included in the price and we had to go elsewhere for food as all meals were ridiculously dear. Another slight negative was that the hotel was on the oldish side and the bathrooms were a little shabby and could have done with being refurbished. Overall it was an excellent stay and we would love to stay there again.	
May 10 2009 	Great Location nice room size for london	We stayed a week and had a great time. Located right accross from the entrance to green park and only a few blocks from picadilly circus. The loft suite is great with tons of storage and space. The bathroom could use an upgrade but was very clean. The &quot;city&quot; view was litterally the wall of the building next door. I honestly could not imagine a better location for a hotel in london. Restaurants and pubs of mayfair, picadilly circus and green park tube station 3 blocks away. And right accross from a great park.	
May 9 2009 	Bring your own disinfectant	This hotel probably has the grubbiest, shabbiest bathrooms I have ever experienced. And, of course, I have seen some bad ones in my time.I had the uncertain pleasure of attending an industry-dinner there this week. As the greying elders of the venerable association waxed lyrical about their 39 years in the trade, it occured to me that the Sheraton bathrooms have almost certainly not been refurbished once whilst these gentlemen´s careers had flourished.Was it the once-white now much yellowed toilet seat? Was it the grime so engrained in the floor tiles that you really didn´t want to go bare foot in the bathroom? Or the cracked tiles on the walls? The shoddily patched up bath? Etc, etc. Take your pick.Thinking it might have just been my unlucky night, I did ask for another room. The reception staff were helpful enough but assured me that all the other &quot;classic&quot; rooms had bathrooms to the same standard. I was offered another room and it was indeed just as bad. So I conclude they were telling the truth. All the bathrooms in the standard - er, sorry, classic - rooms are probably just as diabolical.The room itself was your average &quot;great-location-faded-glory&quot; stuff : a ragbag mixture of fixtures, furnishings and useless junk crammed in the not-unexpectedly small space. The carpet was so dirrty, it was beyond cleaning. They would have been better-off just throwing out half of the junk furniture and leaving some space to move in the room. Perhaps they just left it in there in the hope of hiding the carpet.There were two plus-points though: the bed itself was clean and comfortable and the room was quiet.I should not have been surprised. The Sheraton is probably not the only hotel in a prime location that gets away with appalling quality. I do not doubt they will continue to do so. At £220 per night, I would much rather stay at one of the cheaper-but-cleaner chains and take my better half out for an expensive meal with the money saved!	
May 5 2009 	Not a 5 star hotel by any stretch of imagination	After booking through Ian in Justonehotel.com (very helpful) after paying over £200 per night for the may 2010 bank holiday weekend I was expecting a luxury 5 star hotel. I need not have been as this place is no where 5 star standard. Very very delapidated throughout. Its a joke having to carry your luggage through the bar (up/down various steps) all the way to the rear of the hotel where the reception is! Though we found out later there is a an entrance to the rear it is only suited to those arriving by car not on foot... But this really wasnt the end of the world I guess. Our room was one of the smallest I've stayed in (room 216) and the smell of fresh paint very overpowering. The bed was superb - one of the comfiest I've stayed in. The view was awful... The sky not visible from the room, all that is visable is the adjacent building and dozens of vents about 10 feet away. You could not open the window as both the noise of the vents and the smell from them was like that of a landfil. Unbarable. The bathroom was very poor. Overall the room was very depressing and certainly encouraged us to see as much of London as possible and avoid time spent in the &quot;cell&quot;. On Saturday morning 2nd May while waiting for the lift near our room, I politely asked a porter who was passing by in the corridor if it would be easy to hail a taxy outside ourselves or would I be better off phoning for one?? - I was amazed by his response - He simple shrugged his shoulders without making eye contact and kept walking mumbling &quot;I dont know...&quot; I said excuse me??? But he completly ignored us and kept walking!!! My fiance who was with me pleaded with me not to make a 'scene' by calling a manager so we let it go! The rest of the staff were very polite and helpful.Anyway overall the location is very good only 9 or 10 mins walk to Picadilly Circus and loads of nice resteraunts nearby.If they spent some dosh ( a lot of dosh) doing the place up throughout restoring it to its original elegance and you booked a park view room and did not encounter certain rude porters I reckon the hotel would be very good. However at the moment in my humble opinion its 3 star at very best!	
May 4 2009 	AVERAGE AT BEST..	Our hopes were high but they needn't have been!We arrived at the hotel at 7.30 in the evening only to be told our room weasn't ready and we would have to wait a further 45 minutes! After expressing our disappointment, we were reluctantly &quot;found&quot; a room.I booked the trip as I was running the London Marathon the following morning, though breakfast wasn't served early enough to enjoy before the race. We proceeded to the &quot;Citrus&quot; restaraunt during the evening, where we found the menu rather limited to say the least. We ordered the mash as a sie order which was brought midway through the meal, and the waiter we were allocated had a bad command of English, and was not able to explain the menu. Overall, very disappointing for a pricey experience.We stayed at the Crowne Plaza at Shoreditch last year which was much preferred, and will certainly be looking to avoid this hotel next year.	
Apr 29 2009 	Stay at another hotel	Thoroughly disappointed in the room. The room was small, very outdated, poorly furnished, stains on pillow cases and had a loud portable air conditioner in the room. And, it's hard to forget the double bed that had a single bed headboard. The bathroom door lock was broken and the shower head wouldn't stay in place. At best, the room we had was as bad as any one star hotel in the states and any one or two star hotel in Europe. It is convenient to Green Park, but if you're looking for any signs of nightlife, the location is out of the way. I travel frequently throughout Europe and Asia and I must say that this was the worst room I've had for the money spent. If you don't believe me, just look at my photographs of the room.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent	My husband and I stayed 3 nights at The Park Lane. We celebrated an anniversary, and because I had read some negative reviews I had some concerns. We stayed in a superior room, and we were very satisfied! The room was refurbished, big and clean, with an wonderful big bed. The location of the hotel was perfect. The first night we dined i the Citrus restaurant, the food was great and the service was wonderful. I will book this hotel if (when) I am going back!	
Apr 15 2009 	Will be going back very soon.	Just stayed at the park lane hotel and had no problems with room,location, or staff.I had read reviews on the hotel and was a bit doubtful about my choice.I stayed for four nights and found the staff very helpful and polite my room was big bright and airy and the location is excellent.I would recommend this hotel to a friend.I would like to say thank you to Nicolas the manager for all his help and I hope to be back soon linda	
Apr 13 2009 	A wonderful well located and welcoming hotel	Location is perfect,walking in the parks opposite of poppint inti Shepard market for a cosy meal.	
Mar 29 2009 	Awesome location but not worth the price tag.	We stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane hotel for one night in March. We arrived at 2:30pm. We took the tube from Heathrow airport and arrived hoping to get straight into a room. Check in time is 3pm but we didn’t get into our room until 4pm. We did receive an upgraded room, but that was because we are Platinum Sheraton members. We were given one round of free drinks at the Palm Court bar, but that really doesn’t make up for a 90 minute delay. The lobby is small and there are very few places to sit (while waiting for family members to check in). When entering the hotel from the Park side (which absolutely feels like the most used and recognizable side) you have to drag your bags through the Palm Court restaurant. There are NO ramps into and out of the sunken restaurant/lounge, so you end up dragging bags DOWN then UP stairs all the while passing people having afternoon tea. It is such a bizarre set up. There are NO bellmen to meet you at the entrance. I thought we must have missed a sign or just been unusual in our choice of entrance. While staying at the hotel for 36 hours, I saw numerous others have to deal with the same awkward situation. Also, who wants to have afternoon tea with weary travelers lugging their bags through the tea room?The room: The room had a single queen size bed (very comfy!). Our third adult had to sleep on a sleeper sofa (you could feel the bars through it). Our room was clean and had probably been redone recently (compared to the other reviews on this site, we must have gotten a new room). Our room was on the 7th floor and faced the park, the eye, Big Ben, etc… It was a spectacular view. The room was classified as a suite, but it had NO tea/coffee making services. We had to call down to get a tea making service (2 pound delivery charge). Be careful… the shower is SUPER slippery and the tub has very high sides (hard to get in/out of).Transportation to hotel: If you are coming from Heathrow, do not waste your money on the Heathrow express! The underground (on the Piccadilly line) takes you directly from Heathrow to the Green Park exit (just a 5 min walk to the hotel). If you take the Heathrow express, then you move fast and have fewer stops BUT you have to change trains! So, don’t take it. Just take the tube. It’s about 4 pounds per person for a single.When you are moving about the city, purchase a day pass (about 7 pounds) and you can use the tube all day. You can also purchase a 24 hour pass onto the tour bus (there are a few different ones). You can hop on and off as much as you want throughout the day. The tour buses stop at most of the major attractions. You can easily walk to Buckingham Palace from the hotel (changing of the guard every other day). You can also easily walk to the Marble Arch. Everything else is easily accessible by tube or bus. This hotel is expertly located in the city, but it does NOT feel like a 5 star hotel. It feels like an old hotel with a great location. Check in wasn’t impressive but the concierge was excellent. He always greeted me with a smile (even the 6 times I bugged him during our 90 minute wait for a room). I’d recommend this hotel because of its location but it costs too much for what it is.	
Mar 27 2009 	Not a 5 star hotel at all	Old, weary. Chipped paitings. Dark rooms. No window view. Only thing new - Plasma TV. Good beds though. Also great location. But that was it.We booked and payed through www.hotwire.com. When we arrived, they did not find us. No one offered to call Hotwire. I did it myself, it took 10 minutes on the phone before they had faxed over our papers.Then the hotel started to bill us for the stay and unknown stuff. We all of a sudden had a 400 £ bill (both our rooms). We called down about this and they removed it. Next night (our last) we woke up and we'd gotten a new bill for 110 £. No problem fixing this, but clearly there was a misunderstanding about everything. So if you stay here, do follow up on your bill. This was to us, very negative. Like they almost tried to cheat us. We had one drink at the hotel bar, 15 £ for one gin tonic drink.	
Mar 19 2009 	Deserves a much higher ranking	OK, so some of the rooms are a bit cranky. But book a higher grade room or better still, have SPG gold or platinum status and get it as a free upgrade and you're in one of London's best hotels by any yardstick.We were allocated a very comfortable and genuinely well appointed suite overlooking Green Park (651). Flat screen LCD TVs, best beds in in town, classy art deco themed bathroom with separate shower, it ticked all the boxes and then some for a few nights' sightseeing in town.Service is efficient without being overly fawning or sycophantic:Luggage was in the room when we arrived back having checked in earlier in the day. The Dorchester could learn a thing or two in that regard.The bar is one of London's best venues for pre dinner /theatre drinks. Mandeep the barman makes the best martinis anywhere. For that alone I could stay there....almost.Room service arrived on time and as ordered and was pretty good value for money too. A very good roast beef sandwich with fries for around 12 pounds.Concierge was helpful and took time to make sure we could find our way to the O2 arena for a concert. Parking is super efficient and immediately opposite the hotel.What else could you want from a London hotel? Its location is great for Mayfair and Shepherds market restaurants and a couple of increasingly rare &quot;proper english pubs&quot;. We walked everywhere via Green Park and st James's Park to see the changing of the guard, cabinet war rooms, Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament, London Eye with a very nice lunch in the Royal Festival Hall on the first floor restaurant overlooking the Thames. If you want to pay 400+ pounds a night there are numerous alternatives, but overall this place continues to be our preferred hotel in London.	
Mar 16 2009 	Experince London's old world charm with modern convience	This is our third time staying at this hotel and every time it never disappoints. Not only is in a great location, only a walk away from the green park tube, but the rooms are HUGE by English standard, and big by American, and the hotel is very clean. But keep in mind that this hotel is old if you come. The lifts are small and it makes it hard to drag your bags around the lobby area. Also there are hot and cold water faucets, but that's all part of the old world charm. The carpets could use a makeover but other than that the rooms are great. The staff are very friendly but the restaurant isn't worth the money there are plenty of other places around to find better food for a better price. A tip to future travels: have the cab take you to the back entrance when you arrive. That is where the lobby and the check in desk are located. Otherwise you will have to cross the parlor with all your bags.	
Mar 12 2009 	Solid hotel excellent location	Very pleasant property with gracious staff in a super location.	
Mar 11 2009 	On second thougth... very good!	We went to Park Lane mainly for sentimental reasons, as I used to stay there as a child – and that is quite a while ago. We had read the previous TripAdvisor reviews (and, lets face it, disastrous rank), were warned that we should not expect perfect amenities and since we are awful shabby lovers, fellt quite brave about it and decided to book anyway. We were given a standard room which would be considered large to any standard anywhere in Europe, so very big to London standards, yet I must say as we entered the room, our first feeling was that this was probably the « limit of shabby » we were prepared to accept. Bathroom definitely needs some serious lifting. All the fittings are old but luckily of excellent quality. Toiletries are quite austerous (not that it is amongst our priorities but more indulgent ones might make up a little for the worn joineries). As for the bedroom, replacing the rather worn carpet by some more durable, more hygienic wooden floor might be an option (I must stress that insonorisation seems quite efficient)…. as well as rethinking the painting on the walls. No choice of pillows but perfect mattresses and excellent linen.That is for the standard bedroom… because otherwise the hotel is really nice all the way to the bedroom door. It has that Old World feel that we tend to get back to after two decades of minimalism.That was our very first impression…. However after three days and from the warm smile at the reception desk to the wave of the doorman as we departed (staff is extremely helpful and eager to please !), from the fresh orange juice at breakfast to the relaxing tea in the lobby or great late night cocktail, from easy strolls in the park opposite the street to great museum and shopping sprees all within walking distance, we had been converted -and decided we might probably not consider any other place in London, …no matter the bathrooms.We actually decided to go back next autumn… our choice, this time, being based on more than just sentimental reasons.Oh…. And for those breakfast aficionados, the « continental breakfast » is actually an excellent and varied cold buffet breakfast.So as a summary (no AA rating…. just mine):- Bathroom and bedroom 3*- Mattress 5*- Breakfast 4 or 5*- Location 5*… one cant beat the location !- Staff 5*	
Mar 4 2009 	3-star hotel posing as 5-star hotel	1. It's 2009, why are there still 2 separate faucets for hot and cold water in the bathroom sink?2. The website said there were tea/coffee facilities in the room. Not true, I had to call to request this and be told that I would be charged 2 pounds per day for that! Finally, I convinced the hotel not to charge me, but they did not stock it adequately on even a once daily basis. For example, having only decaf coffee on two days, with almost no choice for tea, and no decaf or herbal tea choices.3. Inadequate lighting in the room even with all the lights on.4. Charging 18 pounds per day for internet access, an absurd amount.5. Stairs all over the lobby, entrance, reception area - NOT helpful for wheeled luggage, baby stroller, not to mention handicap access!6. Stairs even within the restaurant area, and in and out of the hotel.7. This hotel is in woeful need of renovation.8. The tap in the bathtub dripped when not on and I was almost scalded the first time I took a bath. This was fixed after I let management know.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great locationgreat serviceneeding deep renovation	I was attending a Conference at the hotel so it was the best possible location for me. Moreover for the ones arriving at Heathrow airport is very easy to reach by the underground, since the Hotel is near the Green Park station - and will only cost you 4 pounds! The location is great, within a walking distance from Green Park, Hyde Park and Piccadilly Circus. The service and staff are great, always being polite and helpful. I would expect however a more complete continental breakfast. This hotel needs deep renovation! Of course the rooms are cozy and have all that you need for a comfortable stay…But everything is pretty old! The bathroom was the thing that intimidated me the most: it must have more than 30 years and when I was taking a bath the water temperature went from freezing cold to steaming hot inexplicably! I think that the price doesn´t match the actual standard of the facilities. If you, like me, are going for a short period and for professional reasons I guess this hotel would be fine…but in my opinion London as much more offer similar/better than this at the same/lower rates.	
Feb 18 2009 	Very Good Location...Good Hotel	As we booked our trip we read some of the ratings about this hotel and felt a little worried. We are a mid 20's couple that went to london for an extended weekend looking to hangout. This hotel is in an excellent location...you have the picadilly line right at your finger tips. We walked 95% of time time due to the excellent location. Walking distance to buckingham palace, bond street,regent street, and oxford street. These are major shopping areas that you would want to see. There are excellent pubs and clubs in walking distance. Never felt scared walking back to our hotel at 2 or 3 in the morning. Always a lot of people around. The hotel itself is good. The lobby is excellent and the staff was very helpful. You just have to ask the questions. We got a great deal on a room for around 160 a night U.S currency. The room was smaller in size but clean. The bathroom was small but did its purpose. Always fresh towels and great service. As on vacation we really did not spend a lot of time in our room.	
Feb 17 2009 	Decent stay.	The hotel seems to get some bad press on this site. We enjoyed the experience. We stayed as two couples in two rooms over the new year. The bedrooms were fine, lovely beds, the bathrooms quaint. It's probably difficult to renovate and improve the size of the bathrooms in old buildings, ours had character. Never seen a large, deep bath fill so quickly though!! Reception is at the back of the hotel, probably to facilitate a more leasurely taxi drop off than on the busy Picadilly. A lack of tea/coffee making facility seemed odd!Location is superb. Across the road, a 5min stroll to the gates of Buck Palace. Turn left out of hotel, a 10 minute stroll gets you to Picadilly Circus. Turn right then right onto Park Lane and 10 mins gets you to Marble Arch and Oxford Street shopping. Tube with M&amp;S food outlet, 200 yds away on the left. Behind the hotel is a warren of streets composing Shepherd's Market. Restaurants, Pubs and shops abound. Ideal for a safe, quiet evening, eating, drinking or strolling!We had a good deal through priceline. I was aghast at the rack rates when I enquired further. Great hotel if you get the right deal.	
Feb 13 2009 	Sadly this place is getting worse if it was even possible!	I wrote a review in Dec 2007 when I stayed at this place for the first time, and swore off this property, I've stayed at most of London's 5 Star hotels as I travel to London on business several times a year, and not really loyal to any particular chain. This last stay I stayed for a night on the way to Africa and on the way back. My PA made the bookings as everything else was booked and this was a last minute trip.I dreaded returning to the hotel as my last experience was very bad, and the hotel lived up or should I say down to my expectations. Its simply amazing that this hotel can be classified as a 5 star facility or that it can even stay in the Starwood chain. Starting with the lobby, or lack of, there's simply no lobby, and to get to the check in area you either take the back entrance from the back street which feels like a servant's or workman's entrace, or from Piccadily and go through the tea room. Don't expect help with your luggage, you won't get it.The staff at the reception are neither friendly nor interested, I'm a Gold SPG card holder and was travelling with another traveller who has an Owners Card (the highest you can get in SPG), when we go to other facilities, the reception he gets is befitting royalty, but not here. When we checked in the young lady at the reception (Eastern European, like ALL the staff at the hotel) barked at us that she can only check in one guest at a time, that's because we gave her both passports at once, even though we were using one credit card for both rooms..The rooms are atrocious, but starting with the hallways, old 70s frayed carpet, and rooms doors, pained an ancient cheap looking brown, and all scarred, quite dingy and depressing.The rooms are horrible, not clean, drafty, and don't even get me started on the bathrooms. This place should be SHUT DOWN, ASAP.Shame on you Sheraton, and Shame on you Starwood.	
Feb 13 2009 	Better than average Sheraton	US based Sheraton hotels are typically more budget oriented than I like for vacation purposes. However, I found this hotel to quite above normal Sheraton standards, it is in a great location and the staff was excellent. My wife and I had a very nice meal on the recommendation of the concierge who went out of his way to help us.I had the unique opportunity to see both a standard room and an upgraded room as we broke our trip into two parts. The standard room is nothing much to speak of. It isn’t bad in any way, just small and very much like most rooms you might find in a New York hotel (small, uninspiring view, etc.). The upgraded rooms are much larger across the board and definitely more relaxing. I think both rooms could use some help with lighting, but other than that, they are fine.My bases for comparison are the Luxury Collection and Westin Hotels at which I usually stay. While this hotel is not in that realm, it is a clean and reasonably comfortable hotel with a fantastic location. It’s an easy walk to many of the tourist sites as well as to Waterloo station for sojourns out of town. It’s convenient from the Tube and close to the Shepherd’s Market area for food and drink.	
Feb 12 2009 	Outstanding Visit	This was my first stay at The Park Lane and based on the mixed reviews from the past, I was concerned. However, from the moment I checked in, I knew my stay would be a wonderful one. My room, a spacious studio suite on the top floor, had a great view of the park and despite facing the busy Pacadilly St., it was absolutely QUITE day and night! Excellent double windows - 3 great windows in the room, great light, spacious bathroom with a window, too. Clean, pleasantly appointed, and absolutely quite room, from now on, every trip to London I make I will stay at the Park Lane Sheraton and hope to be in room 851.	
Feb 12 2009 	Plan Wisely	I was somewhat nervous about booking this hotel because of the mixed reviews. Before I booked I called the hotel and spoke to a lady on the front desk - she assured me ALL the rooms were first-class, but, the Executive Rooms were..as she put it &quot;guaranteed&quot;. She explained that most of the standard rooms have yet to be updated, but all the Executive rooms had been.So - it cost me about $180 to upgrade - we stayed for 4 nights and paid a total of $824. We booked through the American Airlines site. This was a great deal!Our first room (on the 8th floor) was poor. Very loud noise coming from water pipes in the stairwell and the room had an odd cramped shape. Went down and requested another room which they did with no fuss.The new room - 729 - was lovely. Nice and big with a large plasma TV, large bathtub and rainfall shower. There were some bad things about the room, but most were addressed quickly: No coffee/tea maker, no iron (although there was an ironing board), broken plug in the sink, leak from the bathroom window - I called guest services and everything was brought straight up and the sink and window were fixed.The bathroom is freezing. There is not heat in there at all.The turn-down service was a nice touch!The Palm Court Bar was much welocmed at the end of a long day - even thoug hit was pricey (5 pounds for a bottle of Speckled Hen and 7.50 pounds for a Frangelica) the atmosphere made up for it.The conceirge was excellent - in fact, all the staff were superb.Great location - close to the tubes (5 minute walk) and all the museums.	
Feb 6 2009 	Unfortunatley not a 5-star hotel	This hotel has a perfect location within walking distance to Bond Street, Oxford Steet, Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden.The rooms are spaciuos and the beds are good, but the hotel could do with a renovation. I will not call this a 5-star hotel, but maybe a 3-star. The bathroom was disguisting and freezing cold.The Palm Court bar/resturant was GREAT. Good food, excellent service and Fabio who woks there provide fantastic service to all the customers.	
Feb 4 2009 	Sad-Sad-Sad	The hotel does not deserve 5 stars....maybe 2....it is old, the rooms are tired...the bathrooms diguesting for a 5star hotel. Everything about the accomodation is sad compared any other 5 star hotel I have stayed. The hallways are old, creaky floors that are carpeted in 70's rug. The place was shocking, the service in the lobby was of 1star quality....Okay the tea room was nice and the gym ok......would not recommend staying there are nicer 4star hotels....and the Intercontinental down the street 100% nicer with great rates too! NO VALUE for the money spent, not worth it at all!	
Jan 23 2009	Old Old Old Lady Lane Needs Renovation	this hotel smacks of great old architecture and history but the hallways and many rooms dank old smelly bot renovation in a couple of decades or more! even the reception lobby is shocking..SHERATON wake up!!!	
Jan 10 2009	Good Location - Tired Hotel	This hotel, in the Picadilly area. Is fine. However the room decor is quite tired, and the public areas - other than the main lounge - are even more tired. There are much better maintained and situated hotels.	
Jan 3 2009 	Many things to like about the hotel	I come to London frequently and usually stay at the Park Lane. My december trip did not disappoint. During a 3 week period I stayed here 3 separate times and used the hotel to hold the bulk of my luggage while I was traveling outside of London. The rooms are very clean, the bed linens and mattresses comfortable and the shower pressure/ temperature excellent, plus the windows open. Some of the rooms I have stayed in have intricate art deco tilework in the baths and of course that is due to the hotel's age. I have stayed in both the executive and the small classic rooms and have been very pleased. In addition, they are now doing Jazz nights Fri/Sat in the bar area and it makes for a great evening after the theatre. I find the drinks and the bar food expensive but tasty. An ATM , the Green Park tube station and a Starbucks are 2 blocks away. Scores of excellent restaurants are behind the hotel in Shepards Market. I walked easily from the west end theatres to the hotel each night. Green Park and Buckingham Palace are across the street, Hyde Park the other other direction. My only complaint is that the bathrooms do not have outlets for blow driers nor adequate shelf space for all your stuff. Most hotels now a days make you hunt for the blow dryer and the Park Lane is no different . However, at the Park Lane, the outlets are in the bedroom and you wind up drying your hair without the benefit of a mirror. During December, this hotel is very full and its ballrooms are used for many events. Best to book as early as possible. Also, on occasion, I have noticed some errors on the hotel bill, but the staff takes care of them easily.	
Jan 2 2009 	Best New Year Ever!!!!!!!!!!!	This hotel is fab.....I dont understand why it is rated so so low on here......*Great Staff*Gorgeous Room*Fab Location*Major lovely breakfast!!! We stayed in room 811.....which had a fantasic view of the New Years Eve fireworks display. 10 minute walk to Piccadily and West end!!We hardly used the tube!!Will be booking to go back in February	
Dec 30 2008 	Solid if uninspiring	Stayed here recently during a vacation. Hotel location is quite convenient for tourists and business travellers alike - a few minutes walk from 2 subway stations, right in the middle of London. Reception staff were courteous and efficient.The room was a bit small, but decent by London standards. Bathroom was quite spacious. The building is actually quite old - but well maintained. The room was clean, the fittings adequate. Except for the closet - for some unfathomable reason they saw fit to install the safe halfway up the closet space so that it is impossible to hang up a full length coat... or even a standard jacket for that matter.The hotel has wireless internet access available throughout its premises. Breakfast was adequate - but there will be more interesting options within a 5 minute walk.All in all, this hotel was good value - especially by London standards. Staff were efficient and courteous throughout my stay.	
Dec 15 2008 	Not so bad	We booked a room here only as we were attending a dinner/dance at the hotel. We also had our 2 young children with us as we decided during the day to have a day out with them. We requested a room large enough for the 4 of us and a babysitter service. Before reading the reviews we were expecting 5 star luxury, then we read the reviews and started getting very worried. In fact we rang the hotel and told them our concerns, we were told not to worry , we would be upgraded and our room would be a refurbished one. I have to stay we were not disappointed we had a spacious room on the 8th floor a very large bed and a sofa bed for the kids- although was a bit rickety - housekeeping made up nicely when requested. The room was plain and simple in decoration- not tired looking, and bathroom clean and modernised. There were no tea/coffee facilities and only 1 small bottle of complimentary water. The kids had room service meals -cheaper childrens options are provided- which were actually more adut size portions- we found this was efficient and meals of good standard. Most impressive was the babysitter provided who the kids loved. I would say the hotel is not 5 star - we have stayed in far more luxurious 5 star hotels which Park lane does not match up to. 4 star is much more reasonable. But I do wonder what we may have been given if we had not rang ahead. Overall - very good, not excellent.	
Dec 8 2008 	The worst "5 star" hotel ever	Appalling. First of all I would like to emphasise that I do not usually complain when staying at a 5 star hotel as in the past, I have always had a great experience bar minor issues which I let go. I would not rate The Park Lane hotel any more than a 3 star and that is being generous. Our room was extremely disappointing (104) it was so tiny it would remind you of a bedsit. The bed was barely big enough to be called a double and the headboard was only for a single bed. The bed was also pushed against the wall making it difficult to get in and out of especially during the night when one needed to get to the toilet. The bathroom was completely unsatisfactory, the tiles were cracked and the sink had a brown dirty rim. The bath was also cracked and the shower itself was hideous. When we turned it on the whole bathroom got soaked and all our towels which were hanging beside it. This was due to the shower head being totally unstable. There were no tea and coffee facilties or complimentary water which you would come to expect in a hotel of this class. We had to phone down for water and were told it would take 15 mins, 40 mins later we got the water. I got the feeling that this room hadn't been used in a while as I found a book beside the bed which was book marked, a previous breakfast order for room service dated the 15/10/08 and we were expected to use this. The television did not work either and we had to call for an engineer to come up and fix it. I decided to head down to the hotel's restaurant with my husband to have dinner and was told that they were fully booked, then the waitress advised me that if we didnt mind to sit in the lounge area she would serve us the food there. She gave us menu's and told us she would be in to take our order. We waited for 45 mins and no one came so therefore I had to go back to the restaurant with our orders. It took another hour for our meal and we only ordered two pizzas. The staff never asked either of us if we were guests of the hotel nor for our room number or to sign for any bill. We waited for a while in the lounge as we were having a few glasses of wine. No one came near us with a bill so myself and my husband got up and went back to our room completely dissatisfied with the service.  There was a ball on that evening in the hotel and it was just unfortunate that our room was located directly above this and the music was so loud it went on until 2.30 am. I complained to the duty manager the first night and he promised to have us moved to a new room the very next day which he did. The room however was described as a executive room but as far as im concerned it was a standard king room which I was expecting upon check in.  Upon checking out we also were given the wrong bill twice, it had expences on it which we didnt even know about eg a movie purchased which we didnt watch and breakfast expenses which we didnt eat. We are from Belfast and we had travelled to London for the weekend for a medical reason and we thought staying at this hotel would help take our minds off this but The Park Lane hotel let us down very badly. We will never be staying at the hotel ever again and would advise other travellers to stay elsewhere. Horrendous experience. Fawlty Towers springs to mind.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great location good service but the fabric of the place is getting tired.	Despite its name, the Park Lane Sheraton isn't on Park Lane. Still, being on Piccadilly just opposite Green Park (and therefore Buckingham Palace) means it's in a great location. Situated between Hyde Park Corner and Green Park tube stations makes it is easy to get to (especially from London's Heathrow on the Piccadilly line), and is ideal for a base from which to explore London.Confusingly, what should be the main entrance from Piccadilly has something of a back door feel, and to get to reception you have to go through the lounge. What is the main door actually feels like a back door, due to the fact it's on an uninspiring and narrow street. That being said, once you're inside, the charm of the place soon hits you and the friendliness of the staff is welcoming.Receptionists were efficient and helpful, as indeed were pretty much all members of staff that I had contact with. The food was top notch, although not cheap. That being said, nothing out of the ordinary price-wise for London. The lounge has lots of character, and in the afternoon there was a harpist playing away whilst we were having afternoon tea. All very pleasant.What lets the place down slightly is the bedrooms seemed a little tired. Not ghastly, but the age of the place shows at times. It's a shame, as with some more money spent on this place, it could really be fantastic. As it is, it's just very good.All in all, a great location and good staff, just showing its age a little.	
Nov 18 2008 	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton for our wedding Anniversary. The grandeur of the hotel was impressive and its location was superb. Green Park Tube station is a just along from the hotel, but we found walking to the shops of Regent Street and Oxford Street was so simple. The staff were great and the room we were allocated was very grand and spacious. A Sunday morning walk in Regents Park was fantastic to wake us up, with Buckingham Palace just through the trees. We had a great time and we will be returning.	
Nov 16 2008 	Not worth the SPG points...	Used 12000 Starwood Preferred Points for a one night stay at the Sheraton Park Lane and was not worth 100 points. Room was located on the first floor and was a disaster. As soon as the elevator doors open on the first floor, there is a terrible odor. As far as the room went, carpet was not clean, sheets were old and torn, toilet seat was inoperable, etc...Don't even get me started about the view we had!!! I've stayed at many Starwood properties. The Sheraton Hacienda Del Mar in Cabo and the Sheraton Panama City Convention center and the list goes on. Im very puzzled at how this property is part of Starwood when most of their properties are top notch. If you have an option to stay at another hotel in London, do that but don't waste your SPG points or money on this hotel. Nothing to do with Starwood, as they have some of the best properties in the world, but this one is not one of them.	
Oct 29 2008	Smelly Sheraton	The Hotel is very well situated but it is badly in need of a face lift,the whole of the first floor smelled so bad, the room was a little shabby, the bathroom looked like something out of the 1930's, for the price it was very disapointing,	
Oct 29 2008 	Adequate but Makeover required	Booked through last minute for £129 a night room only.Hotel well located close to Green Park tube station. Grand old hotel that continues to present a grand public face in the communal areas.Room (242) however was tired and in need of modernisation. Good points - clean, large &amp; comfy bed, modern TV.Bad points - bathroom not modernised for at least 20 years. (even had old electric hair drying machines attached to wall. Bedroom decor dull. Hot and no air conditioning other than machine with pipe out of window that was effective but noisy. No t&amp;coffee making facilities. Rang &amp; asked for some - charged £11 for 2 teas. After more discussion did eventually get a tray &amp; kettle.Breakfast expensive (£17 continental + £6.50 for kippers, full english cooked £21) but took so long (over 30 minutes) they waived the charge.conscierge services were however first class. Very knowledgeable, told you where to get the best deal and helpful.Still had good week-end but would ask for modernised room &amp; tea making tray if I stayed again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Do not stay here	It was one of the most disappointing stays we have ever had. The hotel is advertised as a five star but without their main lounge/restaurant it rates as a two star. We are very seasoned world wide travellers and we have had good luck with Sheratons until this trip. The manager and staff were soooo rude and the rooms are in desperate, desperate need of updating. My family wore our clothes to bed because our suite was freezing. Three of us had to sleep in a bed because the suite which was to have had a pull out bed for our two teenagers did not have one. The Easter brunch was fabulous in their main lounge/restaurant. Location is good too but until they renovate their rooms and their staff I would not recommend this hotel. Overpriced and underdelivered.K WEdmonton, AB Canada	
Oct 23 2008 	Terrible hotel from a starwood gold member	My wife and I booked this hotel using star points. As we are gold members the girl at check in would not upgrade us. She said we were getting an executive king. The room was dark and had a musty smell and the window faced a building about 10 feet accross. Even the toilet seat was inferior. It was wood with scratches and chipped paint. Do not accept room 654 if it is offered although I have a feeling all of the rooms are similar.The elevator had a terrible chemical smell and the hallways are worn out. I guess in comparison we had just com from the Maria Christina in San Sebastian Spain and The Westin Palace in Madrid. That being said if those are 5 star hotels this place is no more than three stars. I would say that if we were not staying here on points we would have left for a different hotel.I forgot to mention that the concierge on at night (a fellow with I think a German accent) was cluless. He didn't know anything about London.	
Oct 9 2008 	Refurb required - tatty tired rooms!	I've stayed twice at this centrally located grand old hotel and I am the top tier of frequent stay guest with Starwood who manage this property. On both occasions I have been upgraded to junior suites. I can only imagine then what a regular room looks like because this Hotel is simply not up to the standard of a quality chain in terms of the decor and condition of it's rooms. Cracked and peeling paint work, tired beat up furniture, no robes, poor quality lighting, odd shaped rooms and battered fixtures.The beds are comfortable and clean though, but that is the only nice thing I can say about the room.Anyone traveling to London and arriving here for the first time would think we are third world, it is that bad!Ok, some positives - the staff I found to be outgoing and friendly. The main salon off the front entrance is charming and retro. The location is great.However, there are better deals at much nicer properties then this, until Starwood choose to invest and renovate this tatty place I cannot recommend it.	
Oct 4 2008 	Fantastic beds - pity about the rest of the room!	What a disappointment! We booked the hotel because the location was perfect, but we got a nasty shock when we arrived at our room. It was dark, drab and dreary. There were not even any tea &amp; coffee making facilities, which are usually provided everywhere - even at the most humble B&amp;Bs! The bathroom was long and thin and very old-fashioned. To add insult to injury, there was a note saying &quot;Congratulations, you have been upgraded&quot;. From what, I wonder? Surely a 5-star hotel cannot possibly have rooms inferior to the one we were given!The one saving grace was the bed - it was, without doubt, the most comfortable that I have ever slept on. So much so that I shall seriously consider buying one from the Sheraton website.We went there for a special occasion and felt very let down. We shall not be returning.	
Sep 28 2008 	Nice Sheraton Glad I got a deal	I was in town on business for just one night and didn't arrive to the hotel until after midnight after my work event. I was promptly checked in and immediately ordered room service when I got to my room as i'd missed dinner. I'm always surprised how long it takes, even when you order at a time when the kitchen shouldn't be busy. Luckily it wasn't too long -- I would say about 30 minutes, but still, for a chicken sandwich, I would think they could get it up to me in 15 min at that hour.The room itself was fine, the bedding was nice and the room wasn't large, but definitely not too small, especially since I was travelling by myself. I've stayed at the Le Meridien Picadilly which has not mastered the art of maintaining the &quot;London feel&quot; or Victorian style of the rooms without making it look old and dated, but this Sheraton did a much better job. The shower was an older style, but actually worked fine for my needs.The only other problem was they couldnt figure out how to add my husband's SPG number to the reservation, finally I got it from my husband the next day and called them and they were able to add it.Overall, I was pretty happy with my stay. The location is good and the room was nice. My dinner was good enough, but I did have quite a few drinks that night so anything probably would've tasted good. Best of all though, is I booked this hotel for £129 on last minute as part of their &quot;Top Secret&quot; hotel that they dont' show you until after you've made your booking. I was definitely happy about that and when I checked on their website, the same room was going for £219... definitely a deal!	
Sep 21 2008 	One of the best hotels I've stayed in	I don't know if we got lucky because Starwood points were used to book our rooms, but I've stayed in a few really nice hotels in the United States/Canada and this one is definitely in my top 10. Never having been to Europe, I expected small, pretty sparse rooms based on all that I have read and the Park Lane was above and beyond this expectation. The hotel staff was really friendly and accommodating since our flight the day before had been cancelled and we ended up checking in at 9 a.m. a day late. They were helpful in getting us setup with an electrical adapter and fixing our TV.The location is great and we were able to run across Green Park to try and catch the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace that morning (although they never changed the guard while we were there :-( ). Just up the street from Piccadilly Circus and other tourist sights.The rooms were beautiful and the bathrooms were absolutely fantastic. We had connecting rooms on a corner and both had whirlpool tubs and separate shower stalls. Plenty of room for all of us to spread out, clean and a very pleasant respite after all of our travel difficulties to get there.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great Location.	My friends and I choosed the Sheraton Parklane because the location was really good. I heard some of the rooms where renovated and very nice. I guess we were not lucky enough to get an upgrade. The size of the room was big but overall okay. The room was just old. We were out all day so it was okay. The hotel is at a great location. It was so easy for us to go anywhere. Would I stay here again? I will when I get a good deal. But I think next time I will try out the Sheraton Park Tower or The Lanesborough which are near by the Parklane.	
Aug 31 2008 	More shabby than chic	We have just returned from a three night stay at this hotel. We thought that it would be excellent as its location was so desirable, but the experience was marred by the condition of the rooms which we felt were not value for money. The small room we had, typical of many in the hotel, was dwarfed by a larger than average bed and the furnishings cluttered up the rest of the space. The view from the window revealed a wall of windows opposite. The bathroom was long, thin and with ancient fittings - not antique, just old. A small old enamel bath and unstable shower attachment were complemented by a two layer shower curtain which was bent on attacking the occupant when in use. The waste bin in the bathroom was broken but replaced when we reported it, but not so the plumbing which made a loud cacophony of noise when the amenities were used! The room was dark and shabby. I think that guests are meant to interpret this kind of space as elegant or retro in some way, but it was drab accommodation. A burn in the throw over the bed was unattractive, and the fact that we had paid a similar amount of money for two previous excellent stays in the Manchester Hilton and The Lowry Hotel just threw the different standards into relief. We were not afforded any complimentary tea/coffee or newspapers and are saddened that this poor value for money was to be found in the heart of our capital city.Service staff, breakfasts, public areas etc were fine, but otherwise I would not recommend this hotel.	
Aug 28 2008 	Average Hotel - Nothing Special except for their beds	First off - I used my starpoints for this hotel. We arrived at the front desk which was small but well staffed. The front desk was very quick and easy check in. I didn't care if they were super friendly or not - just get the check in correct. They had a king at 11A ready - no view. The lobby is beautiful and so are the dining and lounge areas - very classic. The elevators are very small and SLOW! The hallways are very OLD and creaky when walking on it. The room was very old - the bathroom - sheesh - like 30 years old without any renovation. Rooms are a bit small too. The plus? Fantastic location and the bed was super comfy and super clean! Concierge was non caring and recommendation for lunch was horrible! The bar staff was very helpful and friendly - I needed hot water to make milk for my baby and they were fast and helpful. Check out was also super fast. Another note - the hotel is NOT stroller friendly! Just an FYI as many US hotels have to have ramps or elevators - we did not see that in this hotel. Well - those are my comments. Hope it helps.	
Aug 28 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	We had read some negative reviews about the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel and were somewhat concerned, however the location was perfect so we gave it a try. I must say we were more than pleased. The room was a bit larger than european standards in older hotels, we had a view of Hyde Park, the bathroom was well appointed and quite large. They staff were very professional and went out of their way to make sure you had everything you needed. They extra touches you would expect from this hotel were definately there. The location could not be beat. Right by the tube with a direct connection to Heathrow. We will be back!	
Aug 25 2008 	Sheraton Park Lane	Small room-worn decor.	
Aug 24 2008 	Worst Sheraton Ever...	My family stayed at the Park Lane for a week, at the end of June. The staff are ok, but the property needs a serious overhaul. Stains, holes in the wall, a toilet that didn't work (even after maintenance &quot;fixed it&quot;), all were disappointing. I didn't receive a newspaper, even thought the front desk asked me if I wanted one when I checked in. We used points, otherwise I would have been even more disappointed. The price of the room, as well as the restaurant and bar, are quite high.The location is great, but that's about all you can say for it. Not sure who's bright idea it was to put the &quot;Front Desk&quot; at the back of the hotel. When you come in off of Piccadilly you have to go through the bar to get to the check-in and the elevators.I have stayed at dozens of Starwood properties, and I can easily say that this is the worst one, by a long shot.I won't stay here again, until I hear they've renovated.	
Aug 19 2008 	I didn't want to leave and can't wait to go back!	If you don't collect Starwood point, I would highly recommend you do if ONLY to stay at this wonderful hotel on the points. Rooms are very pricey and way out of my league. I was traveling with my family (7 of us in total) so we enjoyed 3 rooms, all EXCELLENT. We all decided that Park Lane has the best bathrooms ever! All marble tile with full size tubs, separate showers, double sinks and wonderful amenities. The rooms were oversize, spotless and spacious. Beds were the usual Sharaton superb standard. But as wonderful as the rooms were, the staff was amazing. The doorman was a dream as was the rest of the front lobby team. Location of this hotel is handy to everything. We all would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 15 2008 	Good rooms 	I stayed here for one night in early August. I have stayed here before; never with problems in the past.The check-in/out desk is friendly &amp; efficient.Location is fabulous, very central &amp; within 5mins walking of the Tube.The rooms are adequate; nothing special but fine. Comfortable beds, decent TV, fairly spacious (certainly by London standards). However, it was hot while I was there &amp; the air conditioning was not working well.i was tired after a long day &amp; ordered room service. It took longer than 30 minutes; I was not offered the 'discount' for it being late &amp; the food was VERY bland. I also suffered stomach problems almost exactly 6 hours after the meal; possibly a co-incidence but I am not sure ...	
Jul 28 2008 	Good location and service	We chose the Park Lane Hotel in order to use our points earned by using our credit card in the Starwood program. That is to say it didn't cost us money. That being said, we liked the hotel. We got a large room on the 8th (top) floor, which didn't have much of a view but was spacious and comfortable. The furnishings, however, seemed somewhat dated. The bathroom was large and clean.You really can't beat the location. The hotel is on Piccadilly between the Green Park and Hyde Park underground stations, which was convenient for us because it is a direct line from Heathrow airport and access major tourist sites. On our first morning we walked across the street to Green Park and then to central Westminster, past Buckingham Palace, etc.The ground floor has a pleasant lounge with some decent jazz music on weekend nights. We never ate at the hotel restaurant, opting instead to investigate the Shephard's Market area just around the corner. There we found two reasonably priced places for breakfast, some good restaurants and two or three good, atmospheric pubs.If not for our points, however, I don't know if we would have stayed here. It seems a bit above our budget. But for using points, it was great.	
Jul 24 2008 	Is a kettle really too much to expect?!	My boyfriend booked us in for a night to celebrate his birthday. We got a deal on lastminute.com; the 'top secret' hotel section, which we had used before, with very good results, so I was anticipating a little luxury after looking at some of the online photos of the hotel.I have to say we were disappointed with our room. We had booked a double, which on closer inspection turned out to be twin beds pushed together (almost but not enough to avoid the inevitable gap in the middle) - not a great aid to romance. The room inself was dark and rather shabby (especially the bathroom, where the shower was archaic, not working properly and we resorted to using the (tiny) bath instead. For me however, the most surprising downside was the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the room. When I rang to ask reception where they were, I was told I could order hot drinks from room service. Surely, it is is not unreasonable to expect to be able to have this facility in a four star hotel? Even the lowliest guest houses and two stars I have frequented have managed to provide this for their guests. Since we had booked room only and no breakfast, I had to wait till check out to get a much longed for cup of tea or coffee. All in all, I would advise caution with this hotel. Don't expect a luxurious room. Ok, the bar looks posh, but other than that, it was quite disappointing.	
Jul 22 2008	Excellent location ok rooms	My wife and I spent 2 nights at the Park Lane in late May and we had a wonderful time. We were at the end of a 4 week trip to Europe and it was nice relaxing place to stay. The location was very good - within easy walking distance of more sites than we could see during the time that we were there. We had no problems getting there from Heathrow, the check-in was quick and friendly, and the room was small but comfortable. We had read other reviews before we arrived and were not sure what to expect. I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the first floor (2nd in north america) and was 2 rooms in from the Picadilly side (facing the other wing). It was clean, quiet, a little crowded with the huge bed, and the bathroom was clean but small. The lobby bar is amazing - we started each day there with coffee or an English breakfast and we finished each night listening to the live music. We felt that is was a good value for the money (London is a very expensive place to visit) and we are planning to stay at the Park Lane on our next trip to London.	
Jun 29 2008 	Good Location Good Service Bad Rooms	Stay: May 24 - May 29, 2007Room: Executive RoomUpgrades: Room (from Classic Room), Late CheckoutComments: Everything that you have heard about the Park Lane is probably true. I spent more time trying to decide on where to stay in London than the rest of our trip combined. For starters, if you take the Tube, you are going to have to walk quite a bit with your luggage to the hotel. And remember, the lobby is at the back. We of course, were too tired and frustrated (all luggage was delayed an hour) to remember, so we had to drag our luggage up and down stairs and around quite a few corners. The gentleman working at the desk, Rajiv, was EXTREMELY helpful though. When I asked about an upgrade (even though this was a Priceline stay) he spent about 10 minutes looking for something and eventually settled on an Executive Room after night 1. We were never so happy to hear that after we saw our initial room. Gross is the single word I would use to describe it. The carpet, walls and baseboards were black from dirt and use. No AC. The bathroom was only wide enough for one person at a time. This was exactly what I feared about paying $400 a night through *wood.Luckily the next day our luggage was moved to an Executive Room, which was obviously refurbished more recently. The walls and floors were cleaner, but still not what I would call 3* here in the States, and the bathroom was updated. A better value for the Priceline price I paid ($200 a night), but if I went through *wood as was my initial intention, I would've shot somebody. My wife was never comfortable walking on the floor without her socks the entire stay.The concierge did recommend us a VERY good Indian restaurant past Piccadilly Circus and was helpful. Relatively, it is close to 2 different Tube stations, but the entrance off of the back alley is mind boggling. The noise from the lobby/bar IS a problem if you are on a floor lower than the 4th. Suffice it so say, next time I will be staying someplace else, since IMHO, *wood has nothing reasonable in the city.It being London, you really cannot complain since everything in the city is crazy expensive for us over here. The location was good walking distance to whatever we wanted and the 2 Tube stations was good for our longer jaunts. Still, there are other hotels, non-*wood, that are a much better bang for your buck in the city.	
Jun 23 2008	Never again	You could not pay me to stay at this hotel again. You would think being situated on Park Lane this Starwood hotel would be some sort of flagship.....absolutely the opposite. Quite honestly the worst Starwood Hotel I have stayed in.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good Points and Bad Points	I have just come back from a very enjoyable weekend in London and stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel. I had read previous reviews and dont agree its all bad as some say. There are good points such as location - 10 mins walk from Knightsbridge, Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace - Two tube stops away from Oxford Street. There bar area is amazing not in a modern sense more in an old grandour way and each night there was a jazz band playing. Bad points all relate to the room - they were drab and dark and the bathroom was tiny with no space for your toiletries and you could not turn in the shower. If I was staying again I would ask for a room with a bigger bathroom.	
Jun 19 2008 	You get what you pay for	Due to the many negative views posted about this hotel I would like to give my perspective.I didn't go for the cheapest rate - I booked an executive room costing 245 GBP per night. From people' responses I believe it is worth spending that extra money.On the morning of my stay I telephoned the hotel asking for the earliest check-in time with a view of Green Park. The customer service was excellent, and I was given the room of my choice.It was large, including huge bed, desk, arm chair, chest of drawers and walk-in wardrobe. The bathroom was large with great walk-in shower, bath and WC. The view from the 8th floor was amazing.Take my advice - don't go with the cheapest rate - and be prepared to ring the hotel and request the best.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very Disappointed not again at this price.	Very disappointed on the Sheraton Park Lane, unfortunately, it really is a bit of a dive. Don't look at the picture on the website. The reality is that the hotel is actually on a bus lane so you don't get dropped off at the front door. You go round the back and up the sort of seedy back street that most people would avoid walking up if they could.The whole ethos of the hotel is a pretty shabby dated and old hotel that obviously had it's day back in the 1960's.The room was totally bland, bare, characterless and although I wouldn't say it was dirty in an unhygenic way, it just seemed as though it needed a good clean.Wireless internet access in my room was intermittent at best, despite moving around the room for a signal (and paying £18!!).The bathroom was about 4 foot wide. I couldn't actually get an angle to get a photo of the shower as it was basically hidden around the corner behind the door.As 1960's plumbing, that hadn't been updated in nearly 50 years it made an absolute racket. Was woken up by someone, somewhere, having a shower at 5.30. It could have almost been in my room, the noise was so loud.Room £269, wireless internet £18 and VAT £47.08 makes the room £334.08 (or at todays rate just over $650). The hotel is priced at the same sort of levels as other hotels in the area, but is just incomparable in terms of service, look or comfort.For £150 a night it would be acceptable. At this price, I'll never stay here again.	
Jun 17 2008 	Outstanding service comforts of home.	This Sheraton is now our favorite hotel in London!We stayed twice at the Sheraton Park Lane, with one week in between the stays.The front desk staff are friendly and very accomodating. Our two rooms were large and comfortable. The furniture in one of them was new. The Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed was so comfortable... it was hard getting out of bed!The location is excellent, across from Hyde Park and within walking distance from Buckingham Palace. It is only about 1.5 blocks from the original Hard Rock Cafe, and convenient to the Tube.Room service was prompt and friendly. The Afternoon Tea is award-winning, and definitely worth a visit. The tea, scones, sandwiches and petit fours were very memorable as we enjoyed live harp music.The bath robes in the rooms were a great touch. The only thing I would update would be the TV set, which was a bit small. We had such a great stay both visits (with welcome gifts compliments of the hotel) -- this will definitely be our first choice hotel in London.	
May 27 2008 	My room was great	Very mixed reviews for this hotel. That suggests that some rooms are good and some are bad. I guess I lucked out, but maybe it's because I did not go for a bargain rate. My room was large, with a wonderful view of Piccadilly and Green Park. The bathroom was also large, with a separate shower, large tub, and double sinks, all in marble. Even a bidet for those who are into that sort of thing! The lobby is not very impressive, but the location is ideal and the price was reasonable by London standards (GBP 269/night plus 17.5% VAT).I had a little trouble finding the registration desk when I first arrived (they certainly don't make it obvious). The motor entrance is on Brick Street, but if you are walking from the Green Park underground stop (I took the Piccadilly line from Heathrow), go in the first entrance on Piccadilly and head all the way to the back (stay to the right). You may feel like you are crashing a wedding party or corporate event, but don't let that bother you. Registration is at the rear of the building near the Brick Street entrance. You can walk down Brick street as well, but it's a little indirect and not particularly pedestrian friendly.Overall an extremely pleasant stay, thanks to the nice room.	
May 11 2008 	Great location but definitely worn around the edges	Just returned from a quick weekend in London, and stayed at the Park Lane. My rate was around US$300 per night. The comments many previous posters have written about the Park Lane are not far off from the mark. For the amount of money being charged for this hotel, I would have expected a little more. While my room did not have worn carpet, the furnishings were a bit old. And, as other posters have stated, the room was pretty small (and being a Starwood elite, I was apparently upgraded, too). I overlooked the backside of another wing of the hotel (make sure you close the drapes). The bathroom was outfitted in white and grey marble, and offers a reminder of traditional Britishness. The towel-warming rack wonderful. However, the toilet was a bit dirty (I don't even want to describe it).The hotel has this general old-ness feel to it. I can't quite describe what I mean by &quot;old-ness.&quot; It's not the upper crust, gilded age of Britain, but it's not decrepit either. It kind of reminds me of the old, Soviet Union tourist hotels from the 1980s. It has a generally worn, slightly neglected feeling to it.That being said, the location of the Park Lane is hard to beat. (If you read my other posts on tripadvisor, you'll quickly see that location is a huge selling point for me.) It's located across from Green Park and near Hyde Park. It's mid-way between the Green Park and Hyde Park Corner tube stations (each about a 5 to 10 minute walk away). It's a quick ride to Picadilly Circus, Westminster Station (for the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben), Waterloo Station (for the London Eye), and Knightsbridge (for Harrod's). Buckingham Palace is a 10 minute walk away, too. The Park Lane is located in the Mayfair area of London, which is a nicer area, and home to many of the foreign embassies. It also has lots of nice little hole-in-the wall pubs (that are not full of tourists).The bellmen and concierge were very helpful, and always offered a friendly greeting and great advice on sights and restaurants. As a note, if you're taking the Heathrow Express into Paddington, it's about a US$25 cab ride (including tip) to the Park Lane. So, if you have the cash to spend (and mind you, London is really, really expensive for Americans these days), and you want a good hotel in a good location, pick the Park Lane Hotel. Just keep in mind that US$300 doesn't get you much in London anymore.	
May 7 2008 	Very dissapointing	I read some good reviews of this hotel on lastminute.com, and the description was quite nice. Since it was listed as a 4 star hotel and since Sheraton has a good name in my book, I was expecting a more luxiourius room. How dissapointing! The room was tiny; furniture in bad condition; doors not closing properly; bathroom could not be locked; air conditioning not functioning to standard; a layer of dust in the bathroom; a puddle of water around the toilet after flushing; the mini bar just ripped out; uncomfortable sagging bed...not my idea of a romantic weekend. The check in staff was unfriendly as well + the price of drinks in the bar outrageous! My advice: Don't go here...there are cheaper rooms in much nicer hotels available in this area.	
May 2 2008 	Is this really the same place???	Decided as it was our silver wedding anniversary this week - to revisit the Sheraton Park Lane as we had stayed for our honeymoon what seems like many years before!On checking tripadviser really thought this would be a big mistake but our daughter insisted that it wouldn't be the same if we stayed at a different hotel. SO GLAD I LISTENED TO HER. On arrival I told a very sweet trainee receptionist why we were here and check in was great - no problems whatsoever - straight to our room - no problems whatsoever - clean, lovely bathroom, walk in shower, walk in wardrobe - yes it looked out onto Brick Street - but I hadn't booked it for the view. The whole stay was first class and I would not hesitate in recommending it to anyone - we have travelled all over the world in the last 25 years - some bad some good hotels but I really can't see what all the fuss is about, breakfast was excellent, service second to none, palm court bar fab it not a bit pricey but hey you are in the centre of London here and location is PERFECT. We loved it - thank you Sheraton Park Lane for making our silver wedding anniversary wonderful!	
Apr 21 2008	Horrific hotel which you could not pay me to stay in again.	I have never been so disappointed with a hotel. When I arrived I was given a tiny room with old and tattered furniture. The bathroom looked like it had not been refurbed since the 1960s. It seemed relatively clean. However, when I turned the heated towel rail on in the bathroom black gunge shot out of it, all over the place. I complained and was moved to a marginally larger room with the same standard of furnishings - except in this bathroom the bath was chipped all over and there wasn't even a mixer tap! I was also offered a complimentary breakfast the next morning. When I went for a shower it turned out that the shower head was broken. An engineer promptly came to fix it, however even when fixed this did not stop the water from the shower cascading all over the bathroom leading to a pool 3 inches deep! When my morning call failed to materialise the next day meaning that I couldn't get my complimentary breakfast AND was late for work, I complained again and was moved to an executive room. No problems with this one other than old tired furnishings which need to be updated - the bathroom seemed to have been refurbed although one of the taps would not stop dripping. This is allegedly a high quality hotel from a major international brand in one of the most prestigious addresses in London. Sheraton should be ashamed. I was informed that they intend to run a major refurb project in the near future but this is overdue by at least 5 years! I would NEVER stay here again, and would be tempted to avoid any Sheraton brand hotels if at all possible.	
Apr 18 2008 	Reliable Good and Well-located.	I treval frequently to London and stay at the Park Lane each time. As a way of reference, I've already had three stays this year and am headed back in two weeks time. Many of the reviews suffer from inflated expectations due to inaccurate ratings. Obviously this isn't a five star hotel, and it should be classified as such. So the fact that people show up there expecting a five star experience immediately puts both parties in a bad place.What the Park Lane is is a very well located hotel, with good, reliable service and -- stated bluntly -- mediocre rooms. I am part of the Preferred Guest program so I obviously stay there to capitalize on rewards, however, I've also come to appreciate the old-world British appeal of the place as well.Many of the rooms could use a rehab, and the quality I get on a visit by visit basis is often frustratingly inconsistent. However, if you're willing to overlook a bit of a tatter or miscolor in the carpet, or some cracks in the bathroom tile, you'll find this gets outweighed by generally helpful and efficient staff, a very nice bar and bartenders and a proxmity to parks, picadilly, tubes etc etc. On many occasions, the staff have bent over backwards to help -- for instance giving me a tiny room of my own to wait in until my own room was ready, etc. I've never had anyone be anything but friendly, as a matter of fact. I'm always greeted courteously and professionally. It's one of the reasons I'm willing to overlook a few deficiencies.Hope this helps clarify a bit of the negatives I've read. They are clearly a result of this hotel being nischaraterized. It's not five star, but it's defnitely not a bad place, either. Happy to answer any questions. Just send along a note.	
Apr 15 2008 	Don't waste your money!	I took my partner to this hotel for our anniversary last weekend and can honestly say we were very disappointed. It is advertised as 5* on Hotels.com so i was therefore expecting something pretty special. Yes it's a great location but instead of a park view we could only see a grey wall out of our window! Our room was very small and the bathroom dated, with a shower attachment as opposed to a power shower. On arrival, we were behind a large group trying to check in and let's just say the man checking them in was not the friendliest chap i've ever met. He was fairly rude to them to be honest. As soon as i walked into my room, my gut instinct was to go back to reception and ask for an alternative room but the guy's attitude left me with a sneaking suspicion that wouldn't be possible! It wasn't a complete disaster. The staff in the bar/restaurant were very nice but at £200 a night, i'm sure there are much better places to stay in London	
Apr 3 2008	disappointed in the Sheraton Park Lane	Very disappointed in this hotel and my stay there - many rooms look into the back of an apartment building rather than Green Park as advertised so most guests were down at the front desk battling for changes - Green Park entrance does not have a doorman so we were stuck dragging all our luggage through the restaurant and up the stairs - fitness center was poorly equipped and water was out and tv did not work - soiled towels and sheets in our rooms were not changed - bottled water in our room was not restocked - cable tv in a room was out with little to no explanation - other than the concierge staff was generally not pleasant - all in all a two to three star experience rather than five star experience.	
Mar 26 2008 	Dreadful awful and miserable – don’t waste you money.	I did not book this hotel myself, it was offered as an alternative from Octopus Travel after they had taken a booking from me for another hotel, which was later reported as over booked. I had to make a quick decision about the swap as there was very little availability so took the advice from the assistant. On arrival I was left for 10 minutes at the desk while the receptionist was sorting something out, without a word. We booked a triple room and it seemed that they only had one double room left. An extra bed would have to be arranged. When we opened the room door we were so disappointed. It was so small, dingy and the bathroom had seen better days. I went back to the desk and explained that I was not satisfied and in fact was very embarrassed as I had my 85 year old mother with me on a special visit to London. Nothing could be offered so I just had to stay. We booked and paid for the Continental breakfast as part of our stay. This was another huge disappointment. The breakfast room was situated in a worn out corner of the hotel with the buffet stuffed in another unsuitable space. They did not even have any white bread available and the array of eatables was off putting. Don’t let the location or address of this so called hotel draw you into thinking that it has something to offer it doesn’t. It did not even provide a tea making facility in the room. We had to order 2 teas at a cost of £11.00 from room service. This is just an unprofessionally run hotel with money making as its engine – it has nothing to do with the service industry it is part of. Overall this hotel is just a big mistake. May I add that I am a very fair person and do not set out to find fault but this experience deserves the truth. I hope other visitors will not have their holidays ruined due to the lack of any true professionalism from such a large organisation as the Sheraton.	
Mar 25 2008	Terrible Room Condition Good Location Not Honoring Upgrades	The condition of the room was horrible with hallways after hallways leading to a dead end to make you think you actually got a corner room that maybe slightly bigger than usual. Wrong, the rooms are so small and old that you can hardly see sunlight. The TVs are some of the smallest of its kind in this hotel class, roughly 19&quot;. The furniture was from the 80's with narrow walkways around your bed and that's pretty much all the space there is left in the room.The truth is half of the rooms are not facing to the park contrary to the hotel name. Many of the rooms were actually facing each other that you could almost reach out of the window to shake hands with the people staying across from you. Here's the worse part, I booked it using Virgin Atlantic's Premium Economy class referral with a guaranteed double upgrade at the time of booking. The hotel didn't honor that. With the price that I paid(over 200 pounds a day), I could have stayed at a much better hotel. Internet access is charged at 19 pounds a day. That's almost US$40 a day.	
Mar 19 2008 	Great location so-so accommodations	The main entrance to the hotel is extremely impressive but the rooms just don't match that grandeur. My room was on the second floor and a good size compared to the rooms of some of the other people I travelled with. The bathroom was clean and spacious, but the pedestal sink didn't provide enough counterspace for all my girly toiletries. As someone else mentioned, when showering the shower curtain would not stay put and kept blowing in and sticking to me, which is pretty repulsive. I ordered room service one night and the fellow who takes the orders sounded like he was on some kind of drugs. The food was absolutely not worth the price, and when I called room service to have my cart taken away nobody ever showed p. Other than that I don't really have any complaints about this place. The price is pretty high for the hotel's condition, but its location makes up for it. If you've got the cash I'd probably recommend the Dorchester a few blocks away.	
Mar 19 2008 	This Hotel is a Joke	This hotel should be ashamed of itself. The location is the only good thing about the hotel. They have a few good rooms but most have stained dirty carpet furniture and drapes. Walls and ceilings peeling. The control panel on the main elevator was loose and hanging from the elevator wall. The Bar/lounge area off the lobby smelled like a gas leak and we noticed a light flashing on the exterior of the building. Several hours later our room which was several stories above the lounge smelled of gas also. We had maintenance come up and the tech said there has been a mystery gas smell throughout the hotel in spots. He allowed that the flashing light was connected to the problem, He advised us to open the window. When I complained about my room to the night manager she was extremely rude. This hotel seems to have no NO STANDARDS and is a joke. Don't waste your money or Starpoints on this dump!	
Mar 14 2008 	I Love it	I had to write this review based on what was written by others. We had read the reviews before going and thought we would be sadly disappointed however we were not in the least. When we arrived we had explained to the check in person that we would be staying for 6 nights and that we wanted to be comfortable. She offered us to look at one room and when doing this I could see where people could be upset but we went back down and told her that we didn't care for that one and she told us that a larger room was going to be opening up in about an hour. We went for lunch (they held our luggage) and came back to a wonderful room. It was huge. The bathroom was wonderful. It had a bathtub to take baths in and then a walk in shower with a rain head. We had breakfast that was included with our package however if it was not we would have eaten at one of the little cafes near by. The location was good. I don't have one complaint about this establishment at all. I think if you ask before checking in you are better off instead of just taking what is given to you.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good Location - Not Good Value - Beware of phone charges	The Park Lane Sheraton is located close to many tourist attractions (e.g. Buckingham Palace). Only a 5 minute walk from the Green Park underground Tube station off of the Piccadilly line makes it easy to get to from Heathrow Airport since you don't have to change. Let me preface this review by saying that this hotel has managed to hit three of my pet peeves. If you don't care about these issues, this hotel can be OK, albeit not at a bargain basement price. You won't find me going back to this property.1) As a Sheraton Platinum member, there is no executive lounge, and no complementary breakfast for Platinum members. 2) They have one of the most expensive phone charges for dialing the local U.K. toll free numbers -- 0800 xxxxx. I made two &quot;toll free&quot; 0800 calls and spent ?16 or about $32 US Dollars. It could have been much worse!3) When I complained, the staff really didn't care, and when I mentioned that I would never stay at this property again, they said, &quot;I am sorry to hear that&quot;. My sense was that it really didn't matter to them. The hotel is fairly typical of an older property. It is 8 stories high, and my room was fairly large. The shower and bath were probably updated a while ago -- but it was very functional. In addition, the window in the main bedroom opened to the outside (a plus for cool fresh air) and there were double windows to reduce the outside noise (another plus). The heating/cooling controls did not work, thus the value of having windows that open. Location wise, this is a high tourist area and it is next to the Hard Rock Cafe. Many tourist attractions are nearby and the location of the tube is only 5 minutes away. Right next to the Sheraton is another local hotel and just around the corner is the Hilton and Four Seasons. As I travel quite a bit, I do use the local 0800 numbers. I am used to paying about ?1 to ?2 for an access charge. This I find to be &quot;normal&quot; and typical. This property charges you per minute to access the 0800 toll free numbers, with a &quot;cap&quot; per call of ?10. So if you are going to use the phone for five or six calls, you can literally spend ?50 or $100 dollars. As it turned out, I spent ?16 or $32, which I find ....well outside the realm of reasonable. The bigger issue is that when I complained, the desk really did not care. When I said that I was platinum, and that I wouldn't stay at this property again due to this, they didn't care. At the end of the day, charging a huge phone bill on top of a ?200 room, and then not caring when your customers are unhappy makes it so that I cannot recommend this property to others -- if you care about these issues. There are perfectly acceptable hotels just around the corner.	
Feb 28 2008 	Depends on luck..	The quality of the rooms at this Sheraton property varies considerably, so your experience here will depend on which room you are assigned. We have been here a few times and have stayed in a number of rooms, some better than others. Our visits have been using Starwood points or paid for by my husband's employer; this is not a property I would spend my own money on. In London there are better options in the same price range. On our most recent stay the room was ordinary, with no view - an older motel style room in atmosphere. (This was a points stay). However, it did have the comfortable Sheraton beds. The safe did not work, and after we complained they gave us a complimentary breakfast, which was nice. We have had better rooms here, however, even overlooking Green Park, and even when using Starwood points. We also have had worse rooms. On one notable occasion our original suite was very hot and stuffy due to an unaccustomed London heatwave, the airconditioning was not working, so we were moved very late at night to a room way up high in the hotel (maybe where the maids used to live) which was less than mediocre indeed , but all they had available for that night. Even the room we eventually ended up in that time was hot, although the A/C worked; it was so hot that they had to bring in a fan as well. This is probably not a hotel to stay in if it is summer, as it will be very uncomfortable.We've had breakfast a few times here, it is expensive and done better elsewhere. Likewise drinks and coffee in the Palm Court lounge. (For a cheaper breakfast option you can get carryout coffee and croissants from a number of places nearby.) However, both the Palm Court lounge and the beautiful art deco Silver Ballroom are definitely worth looking at; they have been in several movies and TV shows.Location is excellent, Green Park tube is close, and the interesting Shepherds Market area has lots of restaurants. We like El Pirata tapas restaurant, just round the corner, and Sofra for Middle Eastern food, a bit further away. As other reviewers have noted, the lobby is at the back of the hotel in an alley, but cabbies know this and should drop you off there. It is interesting to stay here, in a former Park Lane Mansion, really worth putting up with the quirks of the hotel for the experience. So long as you are using Starwood points, or your company pays, or you get a very good deal.	
Feb 26 2008	Tiny room and Preferred Guest insult	If you are thinking of booking this hotel, please be aware that you are paying your well earned money on the address but not the quality of the place.I was in room 145 which is a Classic Room. Its very small, dark and the bathroom is something out of a museum! I mean hand held shower and basin that is from the 1970's or earlier! The bed is very comfortable as it is in all Sheratons. On the morning of departure, I asked for a slightly later check out, I suggested maybe 1 or 2 pm instead of the 12pm usual check out. The Receptionist said it was possible, Great! but then with the next breathe she said, we charge £15 per hour. What a way to treat a Preferred Guest of Starwood Hotels.The place for a coffee or afternoon tea is the lovely Palm Court Lounge, very nice but if you go for the afternoon tea it costs £24.00 per person.On the whole, it's dated, overpriced and you can get more luxury, paying a lot less. Starwood will not have a repeat customer there.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great location but dirty rooms	I used 12k Starwood points to stay at the Park Lane Shearton Feb 2008 and had an overall bad experience. Although the staff was very nice and accomodating, the rooms very very dated, carpet very old and looked dirty, very small tv with horrible reception and awful shower. The bathroom was clean, but old and the shower curtain would not stay put- it kept sticking to my body which is just disgusting. The bed was new and was a 2 twins together to make a king- very comfortable and clean. However, overall, the rooms need a major renovation or remodel. The keys to the room are the old style punch cards....not that it matters, but even those are old! The location of this hotel is awesome, but it's not worth staying here. The Sheraton Park Tower just a few blocks away is much much nicer and worth the extra money or points. I was extremely disappointed to waste my hard earned 12k points on this dirty feeling and old hotel.	
Feb 12 2008 	Don't go here if you want luxury.	A night in this hotel with theatre tickets was a Christmas present from our daughter. The Sound of Music was fantastic. Sadly the hotel was not. We have stayed in better 3* hotels.As has been said by others, the fabric of the hotel is faded and shabby and all the bathrooms need gutting. No shower in a 5* hotel? And the enamel on the bath was coming off, the curtains were tatty and there was no in-room safe. On the plus side the bed was huge and comfortable, and the room was big enough.The TV and fridge were also old and dated and not exactly state of the art! For these prices I expected at least a power shower, plasma screen etc.Breakfast was good but at £21.50 each, it should be.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great Location but 3 star at best!	Stayed here withmy mother and friends in Jan 08 for a concert and weekend shopping trip. Expected great things but the hotel let us down in most areas.For starters this is not a 3 star, don't go there expecting what you'd get in other Sheratons coz its really basic in comparison.The staff were really great but everything else about the hotel was shabby and bland. Common areas were so shabby and in major need of renovations. Our room walls were so thin we had to move after one night because of noise outside. We were moved to room with a view over park which was great and the staff were lovely about it. The rooms are ok, beds are super and very comfy. The bathrooms are really really bad, very old and a bit smelly!!! I cannot tell you how much they need updating, they are like something you'd find in an airport motel. The room service breakfast was appalling, very expensive and such a letdown.Everything about this hotel was a letdown but the location is unbeatable, right on piccadilly practically, no need for the tube at all. If I was going again, I'd stay at the Atheneum next door, its amazing and most certainly a 5 star, the Park lane is absolutely not, don't book it will only dissappoint!!	
Jan 31 2008	How odd...	Was thrilled when I got this hotel on priceline, only $200, when it was going for over $400. I'm an SPG member, and even thought they don't typically give points for priceline stays, I received them and was put on the SPG floor. Room was fine, nice linens, but nothing exceptional. The weird thing is, the Park Lane has no lobby to speak of! I had to wrestle with a bell hop to take my own luggage; I've never seen someone so persistent to wrench my suitcases from my hands, especially when I hadn't even checked in yet! But, overall it wasn't a bad experience, especially for the price. Location is extremely busy; right on Piccadilly. Conviently close to the Green Park Tube Station, I never took a cab.	
Jan 27 2008 	Perfectly fine enough	My husband and I stayed here over American Thanksgiving weekend using his Starwood points. I thought it was perfectly adequate. The bathroom was a little worn, but the bed was very comfortable. The size of the room was large and the heat worked very well (which was critical because it was extra cold for London that weekend). The lobby layout is a little strange - if you have a large suitcase, it makes more sense to enter through the back alley otherwise you schlep up and down some stairs and through a crowded bar area and tea room. The location is very, very convenient and in a nice neighborhood, so that can't be beat.My husband stayed there a few months before our visit for work and had a miserable experience. He could not get an internet connection in his room, which was a big problem given that he needed to get work done. We didn't try to use the internet in November, though, so I can't comment on that.Overall, I thought it was good enough for the money (in our case - free!), although not perfect.	
Jan 20 2008 	Park Lane charm	I was worried about staying here after reading all the reviews on this site, however we found the Park Lane to be better than expected.Arrived mid day and they had both rooms ready for us to checkin. The rooms next to each other were nice sized rooms, both with nice bathrooms with tubs and separate rain style showers. Both had a wonderful view out over Green Park looking at Big Ben and the London Eye.This is an old style hotel, very British and with some need of renovations, however it still has lots of charm and beautiful public areas. I can see that the molding and doors were rather bashed in, and perhaps some adittional cleaning of windows and tile areas high above on the 10 foot ceilings in the bathroom.All in all it is still a pretty solid hotel. My take is that someone will step in and renovate this hotel and it will become a true gem ,like the Chancery Court hotel in London	
Jan 20 2008 	The Park Lane London - A Wonderful Hotel!	My wife and I stayed in the Shearton Park Lane Hotel in London last week for our honeymoon. We got it from Priceline, and as we wanted to check how good was our booked hotel, we went here and read the reviews.After reading the reviews we thought about trying to replace this hotel but I am SO glad that we didn't.The hotel has a GREAT location, just near the Green Park tube station, only one station from Oxford Circus so it is really in the center. The lobby is very nice, there is always something happening there (business meetings, etc.), and the room we have received was AMAZING - the kind of room you see in a 5 stars hotel. It was very big, clean, and had a huge bathroom. I think we got one of the renovated rooms, but I'm not sure.We also got some little surprises to our room for our honeymoon :)All in all, we had a great stay there and I highly recommened this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jan 20 2008 	Just Plain BAD!	I stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane for 5 nights on business and I was so disapointed. The rooms are tiny, to get web access they make you call the reception desk and get a code. Everything about it is dated and old. The room is boiling in the evening and night and the AC - well it doesn't work. I've had to call down twice because there are children in the halls using it as a playground.Because I'm here on business I've had to eat at the restaurant downstairs (to save time). Service was horrible, took me over an hour to get my lunch and no one seems to care. The price at the restaurant is way over priced - 20 pounds/$40 for breakfast.The ONLY thing I've found positive about it is the location. Central and walking distance to many sites. It's also across the street from Hyde Park.	
Jan 6 2008	I've stayed at 4 Points Sheraton that were better than this one!	Outdated, dilapidated, filthy, gross...I am shocked that they have not shut this place down to completely rennovate it - serious overhaul is required!	
Dec 31 2007 	Great place for central London	Myself, wife and daughter all stayed for 3 nights over the Christmas period and I can only say, what a great way to start the holiday.The room was larger than expected, the service was excellent and the hotel is in a great location that allows you to walk into the centre of London.we managed a run in St.James Park, which although cold, was very refreshing and an excellent way to get rid of any cobwebs caused by the festive excesses.Overall I would recommend the hotel for anyone looking for a comfortable stay in London.	
Dec 29 2007 	Needs major work	This was our third stay, first two stays were very good, rooms were excellent, then our third stay:There were problems checking in. Clerks barely spoke English. The room was delayed by 2 hours. When we complained, I think we got the &quot;Complainers room&quot;. Every inch of the floor squeaked very loudly. Every time you used the plumbing it made loud noises. The room was barely big enough for one person never mind 2. In zero degree weather outside, it was warmer outside than in our room. It was sooo cold in the room. The Laundry shoot was right outside our door, and they would slam the door starting at 7am, it shook the whole room, probably the building too.For the price that we paid, it was not worth the stay. I don't think we will stay there again.	
Dec 28 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	Our family of 5 just stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane with MUCH anxiety after reading all the negative reviews on this site. In fact I even tried to cancel our reservation and xfer to the Sheraton Belgravia which is significantly higher rated on tripadvisor. Thank God I didn't. This hotel is excellent. It's very convenient from 2 subway stops, we got upgraded to an executive room which was the most spacious room I've ever stayed in in London with the biggest bathroom I've ever seen in London. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was modern and clean, the room itself was luxurious and the service was impeccable. We ordered 2 rollaways for our 2 sons and before we got upstairs to our room, there was someone waiting to set up the beds. I've never seen such prompt service. The hallways of the hotel did have a faint smell and there's no free breakfast for Starwood platinum members. Other than those 2 faults, I can't think of anything I didn't absolutely love about this hotel and will definitely stay here again on my next visit. In fact I wish I'd stayed here rather than booking just 1 nite here and 3 nites at the Hyatt Churchill which is MUCH more expensive and made me upgrade for $$$ to a biggger suite because they refused to accommodate our kids. I've never written a review before but felt compelled to after seeingthe trashing this poor place got, it's totally undeserved and I'm perplexed why so many people had such a bad experience.	
Dec 27 2007	Never again	Terrible experience! I appreciate it is England and living and hotel standards are of low quality, but rating this hotel as 5 far is a very big lie by the Sheraton group.Everything is old, obsolete, tired, rooms tiny, no air conditioning, no proper information in foreign languages about what needs to be done to have bedding changed, unpleasant staff, overpriced internet, very damp rooms.	
Dec 20 2007 	Needs a serious overhaul	My husband and I stayed here for one night, last Friday. Upon arriving, we waited some time to be able to check in as there were many people checking in and only one desk clerk. We had to take our bags to our room ourselves (5 star hotel?!), and upon arriving at our 2nd floor room I was quite astonished as how small, grubby and tired our room was. The carpet was disgusting with dirt and stains, a television that looked out of the ark, and a bathroom that one would think twice about washing a dog in. I honestly have not seen a worst room since backpacking in my teens - and this was £150 and a 5 star! The room overlooked an internal void and so was very dingy, plus we could hear every word said by the people in the room next door.As we left that night to go out, we requested a room change and agreed to sort this out when we returned. The clerk promised faithfully to sort this out for us and said that we were not the only ones to complain about these rooms. When we returned at 1am, nothing had been done. We were eventually upgraded and moved ourselves and luggage to one of their executive rooms at 2am! This room was more spacious, but still nothing special. If you are thinking about staying here, the location is good, but there are definitely better hotels in this area.	
Dec 14 2007	Give this one a pass	NOT RECOMMENDED: When visiting central London, you need to dial back your expectations in terms of room size and amenities.. This Mayfair property is central to everything. Check-in was slow. This old property is terribly over priced for what it delivers. My small room had a king size bed which occupied almost the entire room. The bath area, while clean, is terribly old. Avoid eating or drinking here, terribly over priced for what you get.	
Dec 10 2007 	Better than last time but still very "tired"	I stayed with my husband at the Park Lane hotel for the second time. The first time wasn't great - tiny room etc similar to other people who posted. This time I used some Starwood points to upgrade to a bigger room over looking the park.The bathroom was still in need of an overhaul and the corridors and reception are extremely tired looking. Our room was much better for the upgrade, although we did have to change rooms when we first arrived as the first clearly had a previous guest who smoked in it (we asked for non smoking).The room also had a seperate sitting room and a great view of the park - we had doors that opened onto a balcony. The bar area had a lovely christmas tree up and they do have a great drinks list (although its incredibly pricey even for London).There are nicer places to stay in London and I have stayed in some of them. This isn't the same standard as other Starwood properties.	
Dec 1 2007 	Park Lane Sheraton-You can do better	I was generally disappointed. While the staff was good and the service above average, the hotel is not worthy of a 4 or 5 star rating. First, the charge was close to $500 US a night so you'd expect at least a quality room. The room was small by even European standards, the carpeting old and worn, no air conditioning (but they can provide a portable one which needs to vent through the open window) and a musty smell in the hallways and stairwells. There is no in room thermostat and when I entered the room it was like a sauna. The maintenance guy had to manually shut off the heat with a pair of pliers. They advertise that there is an in room safe but there was none in the room I had. Other than the closet shelf, there are no drawers to put your non-hanging clothes in. The plumbing for the shower/tub was rusting.....while the staff was very pleasant and helpful and the location was quite good, the hotel rooms need upgrading and attention and it does not present a reasonable value. I've stayed at 2 other places in London and found both to have higher room standards. I would not stay at this place again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Dated and need major overhaul	If you are considering booking this hotel and have to pay for it yourself, I would suggest you look elsewhere. There must be better hotels or bed and breakfast at much cheapter rate. We stayed two nights at this hotel using our American Express points. This is an expensive hotel at over £200/night. The furniture are dated. Althoughthings are clean, everything just looks like it has seen better days.The bathroom is a strange shape -- long and narrow. There are no plugson the bathroom sink...not sure if it was stolen or the staff never bothered to replace it. The bedroom window looks out to the office tower across the narrow lane. The buildings are so close together you feel almost like you can reach out and touch them. What use to be the white sheer behind the curtain is now grey due to wear and lack of cleaning. The closet is fairly small. If you are staying for a longperiod it would probably not be enough space to store your luggage andyour clothes as there are no drawers anywhere in the room for clothes.Maybe due to the age of the building, one morning we got woken up by some noise in the pipes. It sounded like a far off car alarm but it was enough noise to completely wake us up. My partner suggested turning the bathroom taps on and off to loosen whatever is in the pipes. Thank goodness that worked. However, the next morning, it was our neighbours next door. The walls are paper thin and you can hear everything that goes on.Checking in was a nightmare. For whatever reason, there was a long line up. The only good thing is that it is a short walk from Green Park staton.	
Nov 18 2007 	Suffering from old age and neglect	This was a one night stop courtesy of my clients. I wish London hotels in this area stop using 'Park Lane' in their titles - it confused the hell out of me and out of a taxi driver!!The entrance in Piccadilly is impressive but back to front, for you have to walk through a very dated Palm Court to reach the Reception area which was reminiscent of a small modern bank! Check in was smooth and efficient.Lifts are few and far between for an hotel of this size and they are slow - really slow!!!Room 136 - A 6 feet wide bed dominated the room and my wife and I managed the art of sideways shuffling around it to reach the bathroom and the huge walk-in wardrobe, the cavernous ceiling made the room disproportionate as it appeared to be taller than longer or wider. It's not the dirtiest hotel room I've been in (that goes to an 'hotel from hell' in Derbyshire), but it was not the cleanest nor the driest for you didn't really want to walk barefoot in the carpet and there was evidence of dampness in the floor and on the walls.The bathroom was adequate despite the extremely dated fittings (and these were original, not repro!) the taps didn't close properly and tiling that had seen better days.View from the room was into a lightwell, but that is common in most capital city hotels.Breakfast in Bracewells Restaurant of the hotel was grossly overpriced for an English, and for £21.50, you would expect 2nd or even 3rd helpings at that price!Sadly, these observations are common with many older hotels in many major cities and these 'grand old ladies' are very maintenance intensive and their owners and management can't cope effectively.	
Nov 18 2007 	Older London Hotel Excellent location Great Service	This is an older hotel, with classic touches. It could use some updates, but the older features add a quaintness that is unique to the other very modern Starwood properties I'm used to staying in. Thiswas a trip of pleasure and the location couldn't be better for one who wishes to see London for the first time. Prices are high for Americans (declining value of the USD), however that is the case with any hotel you would stay in. The concierge made two excellent dinner recommendations and room service was prompt. If you get a deal or are on vacation, I highly recommend the hotel.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good but far from great	This hotel has great potential, but will need serious updates. Stayed here on a short business trip. The location is very good, right next to Green Park. First the bads. The reception area is in the back of the hotel through the restaurant/bar area. Not good. The elevators are loud and obnoxious. The wood floors under the old carpeting are the loudest, squeakest floors I have ever heard. The rooms are very small and quite dated. The fees for wireless Internet are out of this world. Internet fees should be a free-bee in any expensive hotel. There's no reason to be charging the fees they charge for Internet service. Each floor in this hotel should be completely gutted and redesigned/built from scratch. Yes, it is that old and dated. The reception area and elevators should also be moved to the front of the hotel. Millions should be spent updating this dinosaur and it could then easily be a world-class hotel (without raising the current charges). Now the goods. The beds and pillows are first-rate, very comfortable. The bath-tubs are deep and the water is powerful. The excercise room is nice, but no steam/sauna room, no hot-tub and no swimming pool. While I don't regret staying there, I will be looking else-where on my next visit. I think a much better room can be found for the same amount of money.	
Nov 13 2007 	What a disappointment	My colleague and I booked in at the Sheraton as we were attending an awards dinner there the same evening. I don't get to stay in London very often, let alone in Park Lane so I was looking forward to a top class hotel and service. I was disappointed. My room was old, dark depressing and hot, even in November. It looked out on to the famous flat roof described in other reviews about this hotel. The bathroom was YMCA standard. The TV picture was awful. There wasn't even the facility to make yourself a coffee. Worst though was the reception. Allow time to check out as they don't have enough staff if someone ahead of you is disputing their bill you'll have a long wait and lots of people seem to dispute their bills here! Despite the fact that my company was picking up the tab including the cost of breakfast they tried to bill me for breakfast. I protested, they apologised for the mix up. Then 48 hours after my return home they put the cost on my credit card! My advice - If you can get away with it don't give them your credit card details. Not that I think they're dishonest I just feel they're too inefficient and disinterested.	
Nov 5 2007 	Aging Inconsistent Facility	I had two separate stays during the end of October 2007 over the course of a week. As I was on business, the convenient location made it a worthwhile experiment. Unfortunately, the staff and aging facilities helped insure I will not return.The problems began at check-in, early on a Monday morning, when I was straight off a flight from Heathrow. The check-in attendant wore a badge identifying her as a trainee and insisted policy required a GBP 100 charge for an early check-in. There was no one else behind the desk at approximately 7:30am to provide any helpful overruling of this policy, despite ample vacancies. Thereafter, I got a room that featured worn carpet and aging furniture with a bath that looked like it was renovated recently on the cheap. Although the bath looked somewhat new, it had plenty of cracks that marked shoddy construction. Plus, my room featured a portable air conditioning (it was an incredibly 20 degrees Celsius during my stay). I have seen this before in older European hotels, but the exhaust was pointed right back in the room, rather than out a window. Adding insult to injury was a lack of in-room Internet other than a very slow (and still quite expensive) wifi that required calling down to the front desk, after which they returned my call with a pass code. And most surprising, my room lacked a safe, which I consider to be a basic amenity for any hotel that largely attracts foreigners with passports to store.My second stay later in the week offered a room with internal air conditioning/heating and a safe (after a specific request). However, the hotel is clearly old and run down. The staff was polite on my second check-in, but slow and quite inefficient. Despite hundreds of rooms, the hotel seems to staff its front desk with only one person, who is also responsible for answering calls for any requests from people in the rooms. This overloading makes accomplishing basic tasks quite difficult (and was a reason I did not request a new room the first time around -- the line was too long to even make the request).In total, at a reasonable price, this hotel would suffice. However, it was charging rates consistent with other business hotels that I know to have a higher quality offering.	
Nov 4 2007 	Good With the Right Room	This hotel is in a good location and, with the right room, is good. With the wrong room it is terrible.I stayed at this hotel through booking via priceline.com. You never know which hotel you'll end up with via priceline, but I got this hotel by bidding $180 US for a 4 star hotel which is about half of the regular room rate. After I learned I was assigned this hotel, I was not too pleased after reading the reviews here. When I checked in, the bad reviews were confirmed.I was given an &quot;old&quot; room with shabby carpets, stuffy with a portable air conditioner, and a window that opened to a large roof-top A/C vent that was terribly noisy. The room was dark and was indeed old. I realized that I had been given one of the &quot;bad&quot; rooms described elsewhere here.I went to the desk to complain and request a new room. They were nearly sold out and was told that they had two available &quot;executive&quot; rooms but at a cost of an additional £40 ($80 US). This was still a better deal than if I had booked directly with the hotel. The &quot;new&quot; room was great. It was large, had a separate bath and shower, a great bed, central air and heat, and everything was clean and new. A two-night stay here was very relaxing and well worth the money.From what I can gather, this hotel has two types of rooms: old/terrible and new/nice. I'm not sure if all of the new/nice rooms are called &quot;executive,&quot; but they probably are. Be sure that if you reserve directly with the hotel that you clarify that you are getting one of the newer rooms. If you use Priceline, I am quite sure you will be given an old room, so be prepared to pay extra to upgrade as the old rooms are definitely not 4-star quality.The hotel's dining options are very expensive. The bar serves a decent menu and mixes excellent drinks. But, a martini is £11 ($22 US). I don't care how good the drinks are, they aren't worth that.This is certainly a 4 star hotel if you get a new room; a 2 star (if that) if you get an old room. I would stay here again, but if all they had was an old room, I'd look elsewhere.	
Nov 3 2007 	Love the Sheraton Park Lane	I just don't get all the bad reviews on this site for the Park Lane. We were there in 2001 and had such a wonderful experience we knew we would stay there again on our return. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we were afraid we would be disappointed. We weren't. The hotel was just as great the second time around. The room was huge and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is exceptional. I've posted pictures of our room. It was amazing. Another great trip and we will absolutely stay there again whenever we return to London.	
Nov 3 2007	Urgently needs a refit	I booked the hotel on a last minute web site at a discount rate. I knew it from the outside and it looked good with a great location.Strange entrance off Piccadilly. You had to travel through the bar to get to the reception desk with very poor signs.I had booked and paid for a double room but was given a single. It was the end of a long day and I could not be bothered arguing.The room was an OK size for a single but in very poor condition except for a good bed. The bathroom was very tired and grubby.Nor reccomended - I would not stay there again.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great Location Tired decor Indifferent staff	Location: wonderful. You can walk to just about any kind of attraction or shopping. But as others have mentioned the Picadilly Decor: Omigosh! Everything is worn and sagging - except the bed, which was great. My room was spacious, but dark. The carpets are worn and spotty. The single, small, old school TV was a top the minibar with an attempt to locate it centrally in the room to serve the sitting and sleeping areas. Too bad they didn't put it on a swiveling base so I had to scuff the wooden cabinet when I wanted to move the TV. I had booked an in-room massage. They didn't show up and no-one ever called to let me know what happened. I had to call the concierge and after explaining I had no other time on my visit to re-book, he continually asked me when did I want to reschedule. I don't think I would stay here again unless they 1) remodel or 2) were running a great special as there are so many hotels in London that you can nearly always find a decent deal.	
Oct 19 2007 	Disgusting.	One of the worst rooms I've had in all of London. Disgusting dirty carpets and walls (!), primitive bathroom with barely functioning toilet, unsecured window directly adjoining a flat roof with no other means of ventilation all for £180/night breakfast not included. When I asked for directions, the concierge and 2 of his cronies scratched their heads and sucked their teeth &quot;Oh, don't really know where that is, mate.&quot; Also, no offer of a map as I set out in search of the address on my own. All this for a Starwood preferred guest? Way way way below par for Starwood.	
Oct 11 2007 	Poor property poor service	We all know London is expensive, so the 250 pound rate for a central location in London is fine. But they're only getting this amount due to their name, nothing else. Even people in London know how shabby the Park Lane Sheraton is.We asked for a crib, not only when reserving, but then in a follow-up e-mail with the manager a couple days in advance (response confirmed a crib would be in the room). We arrived at 11pm after a transatlantic journey and there was no crib. We waited 45 mins for it to be sent up, before I went to the front desk to be told they were all out and were searching other hotels for one. I was told they had found one and it would be 10mins. Long story short, 2 hours after arrival a crib showed up (1am). We did get a free breakfast out of it (thank goodness, at 40 pounds a couple).What else:- Room was never cleaned well at all (no dusting, etc). Used glasses were rarely replaced.- Heating system wasn't working in rooms, so needed to request portable heaters- Internet access was not available for first two days- Overall, property is okay on lobby level, but a bit tired everywhere elseOn the other hand, staff was pleasant/courteous. Bed was comfortable.Lots of other places in London that are much better value.	
Sep 24 2007 	Average Hotel - not great not bad	Stayed here on the first two nights of my two week european trip. We got there early and were not able to get our room right away so walked to the Hard Rock Cafe just around the corner and got a beer for an hour to wait - no big deal.The reception people are fine - and the concierge was helpful. Overall I give the staff positive points. The hotel itself is pretty nice on the inside - has a cool lounge area for all to sit in and drink tea, or just hang out. The locations is really more on picadilly than park lane which is nice. You have a short 5-10 minute walk up to picadilly circus and the information center, and a 2 min walk to the park lane tube station. I didn't buy the breakfast though as your choices are american or full english breakfast ranging from 18-25pounds per person which is roughly 40-50 dollars - way more than I was hoping to spend. Instead we walked up the street to a Pret Manger which is next to the starbucks and got a few sandwhiches and drinks all for 8 pounds - far better for the wallet.The room itself was where they lost a little bit. The room we got was somewhat roomy but it was old looking. If you want a clean looking room that doesn't show any wear - this is not for you. Basically the room just looked old which I don't really like. The pro's is that their cable gives you a lot of channels to view - whereas most only give you about 10. So to recap- pro's are location, staff, lounge/bar area. Con's are the overall condition of the rooms, food prices.	
Sep 22 2007	God Save....the Park Lane	Wonderful location across from Green park, thus the name. Bizarre entrance, if you will. You go through a revolving door and an employee asked me if I needed help.Men weren't asked if they needed help. Perhaps they are trying to weed out &quot;working women&quot;. I do not look the part. No make up, reasonable shoes. They do seem to have Russian women who &quot;work&quot; in London . One has to traverse the dark Palm Court to get to reception which is tucked off to the side rather unceremoniously . Near it is a small back entrance that leads to an alley. Things are located at weird angles. The decor is ugly as all get out except for the dark Palm court. So dark, no make up needed ladies.  We walked down a drab hall to our room. The teal blue carpet with hideous floral? design failed to tempt us. The room had ikea cheap furniture....e bay &quot; buy it now&quot; quality. We traveled across the pond an expected some semblance of charm, which eluded us at the Park lane. The shower is an absolute joke. The tub is extremely narrow with a shower curtain and impossible to navigate. There are no plugs to use in the bathroom to use an adapter so I was stuck trying to dry very long hair with a pathetic weak wall unit. They did make up the room each day in record time and did a nice job of cleaning it.  The concierge all but tolerated us Yanks. If I may say so, we are quiet and polite and NOT demanding. They were underwhelming in their efforts and did not offer to make a reservation when asked for recommendations on dining. I liked the location very much but the hotel is not one I would recommend. It rather stinks in its lack of effort to be accommodating, attractive and appealing. I would give it a 1 star rating and suggest they try a little harder.	
Sep 20 2007 	Okay if you get the right room	This was the third time I have stayed at the Park Lane in the past year. I generally agree with some of the negative comments regarding decor (outdated/boring) and the time since the last rehab (easily 20 years - although all the beds are new). However, if you get the right room it is a great experience. Checked in late on Saturday night and was told I was being upgraded to a suite overlooking the park (#192). That sounded great until I got in the room and realized that meant heavy street traffic just outside my window and that the room didn't have air conditioning. The next morning they were very nice in offering to change our room - even going so far as to give us keys to four or five rooms and letting us pick. Our new room (#322) was big, air conditioned, and quiet. The staff are very nice, the location is convenient to Mayfair, the Green Park tube station, Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, and with a bit of a walk, Soho. Haven't taken advantage of hotel dining opportunities but the afternoon tea seems to be very popular.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great location	After reading the most upto date reviews on this hotel I was slightly nervous about visiting this hotel as we were going to this hotel for my mothers 60th birthday.However I was extremely surprised!!!!!!The room we were allocated was a good size as there were 3 of us staying in the room (this was also a standard room).The decor and condition of the room were of a good standard.When we checked into the room no 3rd bed was made up but after speaking to reception this was done immediately and we given a free bottle of wine for our trouble. The hotel is in a fantastic location could not have asked for a better location to see all the sights of London.All the staff we encountered were very pleasant, courteous and happy to help.In summary if you want to stay in a nice unique hotel in one of the best location in London then this hotel is perfect for you. However this hotel is probably not your typical Sheraton hotel but after all it is in London and I would much prefer to stay in a hotel where you are aware of the country you are staying in rather than a hotel that could be the same as any other hotel in the world	
Sep 11 2007 	If only the rooms lived up to the public areas	We had only one night in London and stayed at the Shertaon Park Lane on StarPOints--in a Studio Suite. It was our wedding anniversary and the hotel sent aus chilled wine as a welcome gift--nice touch.The public areas of the hotel are stunning--especially the Palm Court. But our suite--at the end of a service hallway, was underwhelming. The room may have been bnewly-decorated but it was dull, dull, dull, The view of the alley and backs of buildings did not help. There are small issues that detract as well--beautiful marble bathroom that is very well laid out--but there is a heated towel rod that has been turned off and a phone jack with no phone. It is like the hotel is stepping backwards in terms of luxury. Absolutely huge walk in closets were a great surprise, and the King Bed was highly comfortable--good job. The air conditioning was central air and worked perfectly--but it was a suite. I cannot imagine what a standard room would look like.The morning breakfast was in Bracewells--a beautiful old room tha tlooks like lit was once a very elegant restaurant for formal meals. Anyhow--excellent breakfast, beautiful china and warm service. The Palm Court was a lovely place for tea with live harpist and good service.Watch the additional phone charges--a call through Canada Direct-- a free 1-800 service--resulted in a an over 9 pound charge to the room--and there was no willingness to remove the cost. Overall, the hotel was mediocre but could be so much more with a little loving care.	
Sep 6 2007 	Pathetic	How can this be a Sheraton?Park Lane conjures images of grandeur and excellence. This hotel falls far short. The rooms must have last been refurbished 30 years ago. The bathroom locks have 'vacant' and 'occupied' signs from the 50's. Cannot believe this is a SheratonThe room is pathetically small. The decor is outdated. The airconditioning unit is a portable unit ducted through the window. There is no safe in the room. The general decor was beyond my worst nightmares ...there is NO WAY I will stay here again, even if they paid me	
Sep 5 2007 	We very much enjoyed the Park Lane hotel.	My wife, daughter, and I stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton in London for 5 days in July. Having read some negative reviews at TripAdvisor, I was concerned that the hotel might be disappointing. In fact, The Park Lane Sheraton was delightful. Our room was very large, clean, quiet, and comfortable. Hotel staff were superb, attentive, and helpful. Room service was very good, as were the restaurants, and the tea service in the lobby. As others have noted, the location is perfect; easy walking distance to both Picadilly and Herrods. The neighborhood behind the hotel, Mayfair, has wonderful restaurants and shops as well. Though the dollar is historically weak, the Park Lane is a good value at a fabulous address.We will definitely revisit.	
Aug 31 2007 	5 Pounds for 15 minutes to compose a Word document?	The rooms could use a little updating, though were quite comfortable.The staff was pleasant, and the breakfasts were nice.While planning the trip their web site mentioned a business center, so I decided not to travel to the UK with my laptop. I was surprised to see they charge 5 pounds ($10.00) per 15-minute use of the business center computers - even if you wish to simply upload photos or draft a word document. The tube had many ads for Virgin High Speed at around 20 pounds or so per month, so they may have a good margin on this service.I do not begrudge them for turning a profit...just would suggest an indication of the cost of services on their web site. I did use the service enough they could possible repair the leaky faucits in my guest room. Overall, we did love the location and it was a great visit.	
Aug 14 2007 	I liked the Sheraton Park Lane	I spent a total of 5 nights (four nights on the first stay and then one night a week later) at the hotel and really enjoyed the experience. The rooms werre very nice and comfortable. They both had large bathrooms with a separate showers. We had a very enjoyable and tasty lunch at the Citrus located in the hotel's lobby. The hotel's location was great and I thought the staff was very friendly and helpful. I would stay at this hotel again without hesitation.	
Aug 7 2007 	Shabby 3 star that needs work	I just came back from staying at the Park Lane August 3-5, 2007. I have to agree with many of the other reviews that this hoel has great public spaces but the shabby bedooms need work. However, the hotel is convenient to tube and has 24 service which is great for business travellers.The front of the hotel faces Green Park but the proper hotel entrance is on the back . It is fine if you are coming by taxi as the drivers all know this, but if you are coming by Tube, you will end up carrying your luggage across a hall and through the tea room/restaurant and bar. And there are no porters to help until you get through the back of the hotel where the official entrance is located. I saw many tourists obviously stumbling off of overseas flights trying to figure out where to go!The desk staff have the typical bored nature of most hotel staff but the porters and concierge are helpful and pleasant. I was first given a room on the first floor but when I asked to change to a higher floor, they changed it to the third floor easily enough. I booked through Priceline so I wasn't given a preferred room on the Starwood floor that other reviewers have mentioned. The room was pretty shabby but clean except for the carpet. The paint was peeling and there were marks on the wall and the carpet was filthy contrasting with the hall carpet which was new and clean. The bathroom was shabby with cracked tiles, paint peeling, and just old. But it was clean and big enough and a huge tub. The saving grace was the bed was brand new, clean, and very comfortable. The bed was great.Obviously my room was once a large room that had been divided into two tiny ones. European hotel rooms are always small so it didn't really bother me but there was too much furniture in the room for that size. The desk table was pushed perpendicular against another console so it couldn't be used--and the computer plug and light didn't work--and the desk chair rubbed shoulders with the room's easychair that was right next to a wall. Consequently, I couldn't get to or use the room's mirror over the console table to use the hairdryer. And like most English hotels, there wasn't a bathroom outlet. The closet was huge and I think they should have placed the dresser --a tiny Ikea cheap thing--inside for more room. The tv was tiny with poor reception but I wasn't in the room enough to watch.I was fortunate to not have one of the portable airconditioners that were evident in other rooms--I could see the tubes snaking out the windows, and since it was cool, I didn't need to run it which is fortunate since it seems very noisy and old. If it was hot outside, I could see how this would be a problem.The location was good. The hotel just down the street from the Green Park stop which is convenient to two lines and also near an M&amp;S Simpley Food (which remarkably was open late for London--until at least 8:30 pm), a Boots chemist, and Starbucks which was convenient for quick food and necessities. The hotel was located down from Picadilly--a bit of a walk but certainly easy. As a female travelling alone, I found the street a bit too quiet for my taste while walking back alone after 9 pm (Park on one side and empty offices surrounding the hotel) and it felt a little sketchy. Would I stay here again? If I had to I would be fine--it is easy, but the shabby rooms seem to outnumber the ones that are for Starwood preferred guests with lots of points so it seems to be a matter of luck if you get a refurbished room.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great location but really needs refurbishing	I have stayed twice here over the last 15 months, for a combined 10 days. My experiences have been mixedFirst the good things. Its in a great location - walking distance or a short train ride to Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly, Trafalgar Square and most other touristy places. And if the primary purpose of the trip is business, the nearby Green Park Underground station puts you at the City establishments in 20 minutes and the Canary Wharf area in 30 minutes. Heathrow is abou 30 minutes by taxi. The staff is quite helpful, and you get the feel of a small, boutique hotel. The breakfast is great, and so is the WiFi in the rooms. Now the bad part. The property is really old. Though the lobby and check in areas are great, the rooms need serious work. They are pretty much like what you see in a 2 star establishment. Small, cramped bathrooms with the tiles and fixtures showing signs of age. Old carpets. Small 22&quot; TVs. Lighting from the 80's.After my first trip, I promised that I would not come back here, but had to come back because all other Starwood properties in London were booked. But if they refurbish the place, it would be a great place to return to.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good experience at the Park Lane	My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Park Lane. We originally stayed at another hotel outside the city, but decided we wanted to be closer to the sights, etc. We picked the Park Lane for the location and because it is a Starwood property. We booked a standard room for 219 GBP. The room was fine--nice king bed, good size bath and closet, was clean and well attended,. We did not have the portable air conditioner that I saw in some of the other reviews. I am really suprised by some of the pictures and other reviews--I am not sure I would have chosen the hotel had I seen that before we booked. All in all, I thought the hotel was great for the price and the location (which was fantastic!)	
Jul 9 2007 	Worst 5 star ever	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, a last minute decision. Since all hotel rooms were quite expensive (Wimbledon+Tour de France in town) decided to stay in a &quot;nice hotel&quot; just like I happen to do ~150 nights a year for work purpose and booked a five star one. Man, what a disappointment.Reception is in the back of the hotel so you basically have to go through the tea area with all your luggage (feels great!) and of course you have to do everything yourself cause no staff is to be seen. We stayed on the Starwoord Preferred Guests floor (woohoo what a joy): the bed was as small as could be and indeed there was a huge air conditioning in the room making a terrible noise (so what do you do: you shut it off well... don't bother cause outside there is a huge airco system making even more noise). Bathroom is old and ugly and the morning after when I wanted to adjust the shower head the whole bar and stuff came off the wall). Never experienced such a bad 5 star hotel and I do not wonder any longer why nowhere around the hotel you see an official accreditation. A letter of complaint is on its way to Sheraton.My advice: if you want to stay in luxury BOOK ANOTHER HOTEL, really (even if it costs a bit more) or else just SAVE on your money and go to a hostel, the Park Lane only offers you hostel service anyway	
Jul 2 2007 	Loved the Park Lane	I quite recently stayed at the Parklane Hotel for 1 week. My experience was excellent. The hotel staff couldn't do enough for me. The location was perfect, it was in walking distance of all main attractions. We had several meals at the hotel, including high tea. The food and service was fabulous. I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone who was travelling to London. Debbie in Ontario, Canada	
Jun 29 2007 	These Reviews are all wrong Park Lane was Lovely.	After reading the reviews I was scared about what to expect from this hotel. Well I thought it was wonderful. We stayed at the preferred level due to my starpoints. We had a beautiful suite, with a great view of Big Ben and the London Eye. The staff was lovely. We had an afternoon tea and breakfast in the hotel both were great. The conceirage was very helpful. The hotel has an old charm. Like I said in the beginning I am very shocked at the harsh reviews of this hotel . I typically stay in only the best hotels and this hotel was lovely. I can not complain about it.	
Jun 25 2007 	Had a great time at The Park Lane Sheraton Hotel	I got this hotel through Priceline.com and was worried after reading all the terrible reviews. We stayed May 27-30 2007.Surprisingly enough...we had a great time there. The room was great for London if not new and the service was always polite and helpful. The bathroom was clean and so was the room. I really can't think of one bad thing to say of the place.It was also very close to Green Park tube station which is very convenient.We payed with AMEX and maybe that's why we got a really good room, but I'm not sure (American express has some dort of affiliation with Sheraton Hotels).All in all a good experience.	
Jun 20 2007 	Awful Experience	Upon arrival, I was placed in a smoke-filled non-smoking room. The room had been cleaned, so the hotel had to be aware and placed me in the room anyway. I guess hoping that I would not need to inhale while there.I requested a move and landed in the room with the creature. Yes, a portable air conditioner with a huge tube tail that had to be placed out the window during operation. The first night, I awoke in a sweat, and found the creature's tail was dismembered, leaving the creature in a puddle of it's own excretions.Next, I attempted to approach the shower in the hole, where the bathtub extended behind the lavoratory wall.The floor and walls were sadly dirty and stained.To top it all off, when leaving the hotel one day early, I was told I had to pay a full extra night's fee because I left early. Imagine that.Sheraton should strip their name from this sad little nightmare on Picadilly Lane.Please see photo of the creature below.	
Jun 14 2007 	Worst Hotel Room I have ever stayed in!	We booked a London Five Star Hotel with Last Minute.com for a soecial price of £100 per night and were allocated the Park Lane Sheraton Hotel in Piccadilly. On entering the Hotel we were impressed with the Art Deco Public rooms and Foyer. However on entering our room we promptly crashed back down to no better than back street doss house accommodation. The carpet was stained, cracked and missing tiles in the bathroom, drawers with no handles on them and walls that had not seen paint since probably the Art Deco period. The window looked onto an internal enclosed void with accompanying din from air con units etc. On the good side the bed sheets looked clean but we did not dare look at the mattress in case it matched the room decor and put us off sleeping in it.On complaining to the receptionist, who spoke little English, I was met with no sympathy at all and reminded that we were on a special deal after all!I later complained to LastMinute.com who initially refused any responsibility and passed my complaint on to the Hotel. I reminded tLastMinute that I had paid them the £100 and that I was therefore entitled to satisfaction from them. They made some feeble excuses about the Hotel not replying back to them about my complaint and credited me with £50 on my credit card.	
Jun 8 2007	Great Hotel for Point Rewards Stay	First and foremost, please note that I stayed at this property on Starwood Reward Points and, therefore, did not price shop London hotels prior to the stay. Thus, please don't view this evaluation as a comment on relative value compared to other luxury properties in London.The hotel is located in a beautiful area across from Hyde Park and with walking distance to Piccadilly Circus and the West End Theatre District. It also has very convenient Tube access (and, with rolling luggage, you can take the tube from Heathrow to the hotel). The area also hosts some nice breakfast spots (if you are converting from USD, plan on spending about $40 for a decent breakfast for 2!).The front desk staff was quite nice and on par for a hotel of this quality level. Upon request, I was upgraded to a junior suite with no hassle.The lobby was objectively beautiful. It appears to be a business hotel, but the property maintains a romantic feel. There is a large and quite fancy bar/sitting area directly past the front entrance of the hotel. The drink prices are steep.The room that I was provided was great. The bathroom was enormous and lovely, with a steam-driven towel warmer and a strong shower.The sleeping chamber was, likewise, quite large and comfortable: very nice furnishings and large bed. With the windows closed, my room, which was facing the street, was quiet and peaceful. The suite contained a study that was adequate to serve as a second bedroom for a short stay, with a cot or the pull-out sofa-bed.If booking a rewards stay, this hotel is a winner.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great location but...	Stayed at Park Lane Hotel 31 May and 1 June 2007. It was a little odd to arrive at the rear of the hotel but there are attractive art deco features. A highlight is the Palm Court, which is worth a visit although food/drinks expensive. We were informed by reception we had been allocated a lovely room on the first floor. Yes, the king sized bed was lovely but it was too big for the room. The room was an odd shape - the TV was located on a unit to the side of the bed and the interior of the wardrobe looked like cheap 1980s wallcoverings had been used - and had probably not been decorated since the 1980s. These small details now matter. There was no trouser press.The carpet was stained. The dresser had a label on one of the drawers saying &quot;hairdryer&quot;. The air conditioning had no instructions and when we phoned for instructions to get some heat, an old fashioned convector heater was brought to the room - extraordinary. The TV was old. The bathroom was very spacious and well equiped if a little old fashioned, and the public area around first floor level was distinctly tired. The lighting in the room was eccentric.The cooked breakfast was steep at £21 - the service was excellent - but, again, the decoration was tired.The location of the hotel is excellent - a redeeeming feature, but the hotel needs a complete overhaul.	
May 30 2007 	Nice staff poor food dirty rooms	As an SPG member I get to stay in quite a few Sheratons around the world. This was one of the most poorly maintained Starwood properties I've come across in the past 11 years. While you get all the standard Sheraton benefits, such as a clean bed and helpful staff, the rooms and the hotel itself are just in a very poor condition, not for the lack of cleaning, but for a dire need of a revamp. It appears the rooms weren't repaired in quite a number of years. Dirty spotty worn out carpets, layers and layers of chipping paint in the corners, cracked floor moldings, a stale smell out the rickety sounding A/C and heating system. I was quite surprised to not only observe mouse droppings in the hallway, but also fleeing rodents after helping themselves to the room service leftovers set outside room doors for collection. And... wait for it... bed bugs, my first ever!I just finished a 6-night stay there. After half my stay I placed a &quot;Please change my linnens&quot; card on my bed to have the linens replaced, but ended up having to call housekeeping to do it a day later, because the card was somehow overlooked.The cleaning was ok, but not great. Bathroom was cleaned well. But dirty glasses weren't replaced. Dust and crumbs from a minibar Twix that I had remained on the desk for a few days. The blank breakfast order forms weren't provided after the first night. Not a big deal but setting aside an extra 5 minutes in the morning is 5 min I could have slept. To be fair, the breakfast was delivered within 15 min after calling in the order. Food was average, but quite pricey.When I enumerated the issues with service on checkout, I got a fairly blank stare and an &quot;Our apologies&quot; from a clerk.Won't stay at this hotel again, for the price I can find much better places in central London.	
May 28 2007 	Would happily eat here - but sleep somewhere else.	On arriving the Concierge staff were very helpful. However on gettingto reception there were 8 people in the queue and only one person booking guests in. We headed for the bar to wait as we were booking into 11 rooms!The lounge really does live up to its art deco 1920's design it gives a real feel of luxury..The staff here were friendly and efficient but it is expensive.Then the big let down. My room was on the second floor and on leavingthe lift there was a smell of what I can only describe as stale urine. My room was small and in need of refurbishment. The carpet wasclearly showing age and was very dark in colour around the edges. The bathroom was again in stark need of refurbishment, I could not bring myself to use the bath. I did request an upgrade which I was prepared to pay for. However the hotel was full so I had no choices.The room was also very hot and a large air conditioning unit was in the room without instructions on use. As the room was small so usingthe aircon in such a small area was not practical as it was too noisy.I felt let down and very disapointed for my friends that I had convinced to stay at this hotel also. In my opinion the star rating for the rooms is too high and more a 3 than 4 starBreakfast the service in the restaurant was excellent but as it costsin the region of £25 for cooked breakfast I would expect this. However in their favour it was freshly cooked and of an excellent standard. Boiled eggs cooked by the minute as requested and they were perfect.On trying to check out, the queue now had 16 people in it including our party, with only one member of staff to carry out checkouts. WhenI approached another member of staff in the area to ask them to assist they were very rude and unhelpful. Also one member of staff insisted that we all had to book out separtly whilst her collegue who eventually came to assist allowed us to put multiple rooms on one bill making it faster and efficient. We felt very uncomfortable keeping the other guests waiting whilst we all checked out.But on leaving again the door staff were wonderful.	
May 28 2007 	My Brother's Wedding	We attended my brother's wedding at The Park Lane Hotel. This afforded us the opportunity of sampling a lot of what the hotel has to offer.Despite living in London, we decided to stay at the hotel with the rest of the wedding party. The standard double room rate was £187. It was impossible for us to secure any sort of discount despite booking 12 rooms and hiring the ballroom for the evening.The hotel has an entrance on Piccadilly but main access if from the rear - as is the car park. There is no point in bringing your car to the hotel. The tube station is a few minutes away and a return cab fare within central London will cost the same as a 4 hour carpark charge.The hotel seems cramped. It lacks the spacious opulence that one would expect of a 5* hotel on one of London's premium thoroughfares. The entrance is full of Art Deco features and marble, which could be impressive, if only the lighting was designed to show it off. The same could be said of the bar area, which leaves you feeling that you are in a cavern, with its dark stone, high ceilings and subdued lighting. The corridors are also dark and you could be forgiven for thinking that you were in a 3* hotel in Eastern Europe. I remember staying in an Art Deco hotel in Manhattan that had the same feel but, it cost half the price. This running theme does, however, work extremely well in the ballroom. It is two floors underground with a balcony circling it on three sides. It is a lovely area, well proprotioned and fitting for a special event. The only odd part is that you can actually hear the Piccadilly Line trains running beneath you.The suite that my brother hired was beautiful. I don't know how much it cost but, it was full of the overstuffed opulence that one deserves on their wedding night.The &quot;classic&quot; room was a totally different experience. Sheraton are promoting their new sweetsleeper beds. These are about 6' wide and leave the rest of the room cramped. You can just about walk around the bed and that is it. The bed is fantastic for sleeping in. The bathroom was full white mable, which also had a tired feel to it. The usual spread of international TV channels + pay movie + expensive wifi access was provided.The Breakfast room is a small restaurant off the side of the bar. It has the feel of an old English guest house - quite twee and not designed for the modern European marked. Breakfast was not included and commanded a £21 fee for the buffet and &quot;Full English&quot;. Full English didn't include black pudding or beans and others at our table left half full.I wouldn't have chosen this hotel to stay in if were were not going to be there for a function. I have read numerous reviews of adjacent hotels that have a much higher rating in Tripadvisor.Would I stay here again? Only if I had too. Sometimes you want to treat yourself to a hotel room after attending a special function and we happily did that on this occasion but I would suggest others look elswhere in Mayfair for their 5* hotel.	
May 26 2007 	Get on the preferred floor!	I had planned a trip to London and was to meet a friend coming from Switzerland. She booked the room using her husband's Sheraton points. She was not able to make it after all, so I used the room by myself. I had no problem checking in, and was happy to find myself on the preferred floor (after reading the terrible reviews.) In fact, I was going to stay a third night but would have had to pay nearly $400 us dollars. I decided against it, as staying near the airport my last night at a great hotel for $75 via hotwire was a great option.Anyway -- this hotel was a treat as it was free to me. The room was old English, clean spacious, great bed and linens and nice bathroom. The terry cloth robes are so heavy and luxurious. The concierge was very helpful each day as I went sight seeing by myself (36 year old female that I am).I could not have asked for a better location -- beautifully situatied by the park and so near the palace.So - if you don't mind the $300-400 a night, AND can get on the preferred floor. Go for it. I didn't have the food as I was not wanting to spend that much. A great option was the Pret A Manger down the street which is like an organic cafe where you can get a &quot;to go&quot; or &quot;take away&quot; piece of fruit, water, sandwhich for cheap.	
May 19 2007	Very Pleased with the Park Lane	After reading all the negative reviews, I was really apprehensive about this hotel, which we received through a Priceline bid. We stayed for four nights in April, arriving late on a Saturday evening. We were put into room 514 on a Sheraton Preferred Guest floor. I don't know if that made the difference but we had very few if any complaints about our room. It was large, the beds were very comfortable, linens fresh and crisp, and there was a huge walk in closet with shelves. The bathroom was nice, not modern by any means but not shabby at all. There was a window with a ledge and the window could be opened. The shower was powerful and I did not see any evidence of dirty, cracking tiles or any of the other unsavory things said about this hotel. The location is absolutely fabulous and the room was very quiet. We did not face on Picadilly or the park, which was fine with me as it meant there was no traffic noise (no view either but that was ok). The staff was friendly. There were a few stains on the carpeting, which is the only negative I can think of. If you book this hotel, join the Sheraton preferred club and ask for a room on one of the preferred floors. I actually think our room was a smoking room but I did not notice any smoky smell in the room or the corridors.	
May 12 2007 	Very unsafe: Money stolen from my room	This hotel has a good location however it needs a lot of brushing up. They have a serious security breach. Safe boxes are not provided in the rooms and double locks for many of the rooms are broken. Somebody stole all my cash from the room while I was gone for 10 minutes. Hotel did not take any responsibility for it although it was a confirmed theft from the hotel. Apart from that rooms are too small and in shabby condition. Room service is incredibly expensive. Something as simple as tea is 7 pounds.Dont stay at this hotel even if its the last one on the earth.	
May 8 2007	Quintessentially English	I booked this hotel as a long weekend away with my wife and three daughters using Star Alliance points. Having read some of the reviews on here, I was geared up and ready to demand room changes, hotel changes etc.....But actually it isn't that bad if you don't mind old and quirky hotels and are looking for something with character. Ok it's a little dated and the round the back entrance is hardly the most inspiring (as have most of the old hotels on Park Lane the entrance has been moved from the front to the back). The reception is pure art deco marble and wood, service was great. We arrived at noon expecting to store our luggage until the 3pm check in time, however they apologised that both rooms were not ready and gave us a complimentary coffee voucher for the fabulous Palm room whilst we waited the necessary 20 mins. The rooms themselves were on the 7th floor and had good and bad points. Good - huge spacious rooms, original 'Edwardian?' tiling and units in the bathroom (monster bath), vast comfortable 'sweet sleeper' beds, well stocked mini bar, desk.Bad - If you like your bathroom antiseptic and shiny then you would hate it. Shower an obvious late addition that hung over the bath with one of those curtains that stick to you. Basin a little cramped. Tiles a little cracked here and there. No natural light from the viewless windows, furniture a little dated.The location is fantastic a mere 200 metres across green from the Palace, the Palm room is awesome and if you like olde world tea in the afternoon then there can't be many better places. Live harpist in the early eveningBreakfast in both the Restaurant (£21) and the Palm Room (£12.00) is a tad on the pricey side and we breakfasted at Henrys Bar, 100 metres up the road for around £7.00 - great value for the full english.Overall, it's not a bland hotel, if you want to stay in a modern Hiltonesque room then don't stay here, but if you don't mind the quirks and the genuine antiquities then this isn't a bad place to stay in Central London	
May 3 2007	5 Stars for location but 3 1/2 star hotel room	The hotel is in a Great location. It's 7 minutes from Buckingham Palace (through Green Park, right across the street). It's 10-15 minutes--very pleasant walk, to Covent Garden and/or Picadilly Square and/or Trafalgar Square. Like I said, the location is fantastic!!The hotel room is not Sheraton level. It doesn't have a hot water pot for coffee or tea. The king bed is actually 2 beds placed together.The Brits are a great bunch of people and very helpful. The exchange rate is absolutely terrible for us USA folks. Here's some useful info.Currency--We had no currency when arriving in London. The train takescredit cards. When you get into town, go to a bank and get change at the most favorable rateTransportation--Heathrow airport is at zone 6 and most of the sightseeing stuff is zone 1-2. From the airport, buy a one day Zone 1-6 pass. It's 6,50 euros and you can use it all day and to get you to the Park Lane hotel. Kids are free upto 11 years old. Take the Picadilly line to Green Park station. Exit at the Picadilly North exit. Make a Right and go about 100 yards. Hotel is on right side. Sightseeing-- Instead of buying those bus tours, we bought a one day travel card for zone 1-2 and rode the city bus and Tube around to sightsee. Stay on the #11, #12 and #15 and it will take you to all the famous sites. Hop on, hop off. The Zone 1-2 pass costs about 4.75 euros. Children free.	
Apr 12 2007	Not a 5 star Hotel	This 5 star Hotel is not 5 star service. Breakfast only average, cooked price £21. Corridor rooms smell of sewage , talking to the manager, they know about it but can not do anything ! The rooms for £199 per night are of 3 star quality all very old fittings and none matching furniture. The position near the Ritz and garage parking is the only value we could see in this hotel.	
Mar 26 2007 	Don't let these fraudsters have your credit card number!	I stayed in this hotel over a year ago and vowed to myself never to come back. The hotel is in a great location and the public areas actually have a certain amount of nostalgic charm, but the bedrooms are in dire need of renovation and are not even clean, and the bathrooms are simply terrible. This is not a five star hotel; not even four.How surprised was I recently to get a whopping charge on my American Express bill from them, more than a year after my stay. I had prepaid my stay through Orbitz. As it turns out they think they didn't get paid by Orbitz (something Orbitz denies) and finding my credit card number on file, simply helped themselves to a payment. They refuse to talk to Orbitz or do anything at all -- my problem.Steer a wide berth! If you insist on staying there, pay cash!	
Mar 5 2007 	Not very much satisfied	I stayed at this hotel on the last week of February for three nights.Rooms are dated and the bathrooms are just okay. There seems to be some problems in the water system since though I changed my first room and switched to another one I had a difficulty in balancing the hot water and cold water. Some rooms do not have AC, some rooms overlook an odd dam of anothre building. The best thing about this hotel is the location. FYI, the walls are very thin and you can easily waken up by the slamming doors of other rooms.	
Mar 3 2007	Good location.	Located just a 3 min walk to the underground, overlooking Green Park in a rather well to do area, so expectations are high. On entry the lounge and downstairs area did not disappoint, however, my 6th floor two roomed suite, although very spacious, was looking tired and in need of a make-over. Sofa bed was broken but noise level was very low so had a good night sleep. Gym was a disappointment being rather small and the equipment lacking. Starwood Platinum Guest complimentary bowl of fruit turned out to be a well matured large bunch of grapes. Did not try the restaurants as there are various alternatives within walking distance. All in all below expectations but my guess is there are better rooms.	
Feb 20 2007 	Worst Sheraton I've Stayed In	This hotel is in serious need of refurbishment of the bedrooms. Yes I know it's an old building and yes it's a great location but this doesn't mitigate the fact that the rooms are well past their best. Very dated decor in both the bedrooms and the bathrooms (1970's at best in the beathrooms) rooms looked grubby with cracked tiles in the bathroom, stained carpets etc. Overheated rooms with no way of changing the temperature nor being able to open the windows meant an uncomfortable night. Good front desk staff, but overall would not stay here again. Stayed the previous week at the Holiday Inn Kensington which was in a much better condition and much better value.	
Feb 18 2007 	Fabulous Wedding Venue In The Ballroom But Bedrooms Dated	We got married last May in the ballroom which is simply stunning. We searched many hotels as a venue and this beat both the grosvenor , Mayfair and Carlton - In fact it was the best in London. The food and service was top class and really had the wow factor. The night before I stayed in a deluxe room which was very nice but a little dated. It was also noisy ( think it was near the generator). We had the bridal suite the following night which was beautifuly traditional with big oak doors, a massive bathroom, four poster bed, large lounge area and beautiful views over the park. For the cost however the rooms were dated and overpriced. The staff were pleasant but language barrier a problem , very few had english as their first language. Top location , prestigious and a super wedding venue but perhaps not the standard you expect if you are just booking a room to stay in for a visit. The onsite restaurant was informal and pleasant and not too pricey	
Feb 12 2007 	One of the Worst Central London Properties	It was my worst stay ever in London. I make at least one trip a year to this great city and usually stay within the West End of London. As a recent SPG member I thought of staying here considering the great location. But, right from the word go it was quite bad. The day I arrived after a very long and delayed flight, the weather in London was extremely stormy. The taxi from Paddington dropped me on the main road, i.e., Piccadilly. I did not find any doorman to welcome me. Nor there was any proper reception within the hotel through the front entrance. Instead to my utter dismay I found myself into a casual dining area where people were having drinks and eats, some of them stared at me while I was struggling with a suitcase, laptop and a hand bag. After sometime a hotel staff came forward and guided me to the reception at the back of the ground floor. I then discovered that the main entrance was in a small lane off the main road where there was no arrow or sign showing the right way. I booked an executive room with high expectations. But, I was allotted a room without a view and very stuffy. When asked for a change I was refused. Afterwards I spoke to the Duty Manager and insisted in a change of room as I found it to be absolutely suffocating. Hence, it would not be possible to spend two full days and night there. Anyway, after much insistence he obliged and allocated a better room with good view. However, I found hotel staff in every area were quite stiff and unfriendly. The hotel was not of Sheraton class or standard and appeared highly neglected. The front entrance area leading to the dining hall stinks. The aircon controls in room did not work at all, hence, I had to keep my window open throughout the night. Even the towels in the bathroom did not have the desired freshness. All in all nightmarish experience, and never again at Sheraton Park Lane.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great Location could use some sprucing up	This hotel has a great location, but it didn't seem to have the same quality as other Sheraton properties I've been to. It felt a little run down, hallways were dark and dreary. Overall, if you can get a good price then this hotel is not bad, but the ownership could stand to spruce it up a bit.Rooms &amp; Bathrooms were pretty standard. They did have a nice looking lounge &amp; restaurant in the lobby, but we didn't eat there. Very close to the subway...really a great location.	
Jan 15 2007	Can do better	Stayed here January 2007 for 3 days, was a top-secret hotel off of lastminute.co.uk &quot;picadilly hotel overlooking green park 5*&quot;, paid 109GBP per night inclusive of VATThe location was great, few minutes walk from Green Park closest tube station. Warning letter of radiation being found there to do with the Litvinenko case was a bit disconcerting at check-in, if that kind of thing would stay on your mind best stay elsewhere.Rooms were fairly small, king-size bed was just two twins pushed together which was fairly uncomfortable. Staff insisted that they have no other type of kings available at the hotel, not sure if that is true or not. Bathroom was cramped, and shower was a bit hard to handle with the jet not staying still. Room looked dated, in need of a renovation. View was very drab of a gray building right across the way.Generally the hotel was nice, the Citrus restaurant in the lobby was good, there was a jazz band in the evening in the elegant palm court. Elevator was broken one evening leaving a bit of a hike up to the 6th floor.Cleaning staff was very noisy slamming doors throughout the morning on the weekdays, can make it quite difficult to sleep in. Dated doors and building I think leaves the soundproofing lacking.Overall would probably not stay there again although the area certainly is nice, it is a bit polluted-feeling and I preferred staying closer to gloucester road or some such area.	
Jan 1 2007 	Not my favorite hotel	We stayed one night in a suite. Very hard to reach their front desk by phone; for 2 hours couldn't get through to them. Some concierges were better than others. Service was fairly good. Food and beverage tasted OK but my wife got very stomach sick right after eating breakfast there and it may have been the food. Room size was decent and the bathroom was large but these old English tubs are quite dangerous to get in and out of and the room itself had poor air conditioning and heating and we slept all night without clothes on because we couldn't open the windows and couldn't control the room temperature. Engineering might have solved the problem but it was after midnight and my baby was sleeping so we just lived with it. Hotel needs a major HVAC overhaul and modernizing of its bathrooms.	
Dec 18 2006	Nice location	We ended up enjoying our stay at the Park Lane. The location was great. My wife enjoyed the tea, and the family really enjoyed the English breakfasts. We were able to experience the two-faces of the Park Lane. We checked in and were told they had no connecting rooms in their hotel. We were given two very small rooms that were without a doubt the worst hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. The bathrooms were so antiquated and unkept that it was ridiculous. I told the night manager we need to change rooms, but no help. The next day I told the day manager that I would be departing early from our 4 night stay and would be searching for a new hotel. He asked if I could pay an additional 40gbp per night per room, and he could get us two suites. I agreed, and we went from staying in the likes of a homeless shelter to two nice hotel suites. Amazing. The fitness center was the best--it looked like they got some equipment from a torture chamber from the Spanish Inquisition.	
Dec 2 2006	overall o.k. but best avoided	The Park Lane Sheraton has had its best days in the 1930s and does not appear to have been refurbished since then. You could say its charming, but you could also say it's a rip-off. A hotel of this category and price range should at least have clean carpets and wallpapers and contemporary sanitary faciltiies. The Park Lane Sheraton does not, at least not the room I was staying in. I won't try it again.	
Nov 27 2006	Not that bad...	After reading some of the posts, I contacted the hotel directly to voice some concern about my reservation. The hotel returned my email and assured me that the hotel was absolutely up to standards. As a Starwood member and frequent visitor to other Starwood properties, I had traded in points for this trip - so I didn't want them wasted!Overall, not a bad experience. The hotel is older, but not in bad shape. My only complaint would be the noise of the hotel staff. Our room was on a Starwood level next to the service area. We were abruptly awakened at 7 am each morning to very noisey staff. Besides that however, we found our room clean and large, by European standards. The twin beds were a bit of a challenge, but we made do.I have to admit, for the price, it's a bit of a stretch. But you can't beat the central location and generally the hotel offers a pleasant experience.	
Nov 27 2006 	Not Luxurious but adequate	We stayed in this hotel for a week towards the end of November. Upon arriving at 8:30 a.m. from an overnight flight and fearing a long wait until check in, we were told to our pleasant surprise that our room would be ready in 20 minutes. The room was nice, somewhat large, but oddly, it had no dresser. The large bathroom was nice and had plenty of towels. Anyway, it overlooked Green Park and was three blocks from either the Green Park or Hyde Park Corner underground/subway station. While the view was great, it faced east and the rising sun would quickly brighten the room forcing us awake. The staff of the hotel was generally friendly, but the concierge assured us that we could arrive 30 minutes early for the changing of the guard and still get a good view. He was wrong. Get there 45 minutes to an hour early.	
Nov 5 2006 	Our favorite London hotel	We have stayed at the Park Lane numerous times for the past 6 years. We have always had clean comfortable rooms and beds. We love coming back from the theatre and sitting in the beautiful elegant Palm Court for tea or snacks with excellent service. There is no other setting like this in London. Breakfast buffet is great too.Great service is received from all staff routinely. Excellent location as well. Don't hesitate to stay here.	
Oct 29 2006 	Great Stay	As an SPG Gold member, we got a large room on the 8th floor.Immaculate and roomy. No bugs, stains, smells.The concierge was most helpful, and the other staff was courteous and attentive.Wonderful location. A short walk to Green Park tube station. An easy walk through Green Park to Buckingham Palace.I sure didn't see the &quot;other hotel&quot; that some people describe.	
Oct 24 2006 	New carpet and a little paint would help tremendously.	After reading prior reviews, I was most apprehensive about staying at the hotel. I decided to contact Sheraton directly before our arrival and received an email from the assistant manager at The Park Lane. He assured us we had nothing to worry about. We checked into a wonderful room with a huge marble bath and confortable king size bed. The staff was gracious and helpful. We enjoyed our continental breakfast each morning. And, you just can't beat the location. It is absolutely fabulous. But. Bottom line. The hotel is well worn and needs fresh paint and carpet. Desperately. Bath towels and complimentary robes were almost ratty. In European hotels, the quietest rooms are those that do not face a street where a guest can hear the traffic outside. While our view was less than desirable being on the backside of the hotel, it was quiet and we were never disturbed. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would choose the hotel again. I am fairly confident management is aware of the comments circulating about the hotel and, hopefully, will continue to bring the hotel up to 5 star standards.	
Oct 23 2006 	Not too bad	Booked this through lastminute.com TopSecret hotel offers and were slightly worried by some of the other reports. However, had a pleasant Saturday and Sunday night. The room on the 6th floor (a Starwood preferred traveller floor) was about average sized for a London hotel, with a very comfy King bed and a slightly tired but functional bathroom. The hotel seemed pretty quiet so obviously mainly a business hotel -confirmed by the mini-bar and room service inflated prices (£3 for a can of coke, £2 for a kit-kat), but there were plenty of food places between Green Park and the hotel. Ate a fantastic meal on Sunday evening at Tamarind [&quot;&quot;] only 2 minutes walk away.	
Oct 23 2006 	Stinky biz hotel.	Yucky, this hotel is awful. It's a business hotel and really is awful. This was a big disappointment.	
Oct 22 2006 	Ok	We got this hotel from Priceline so it was a good deal but if you pay full price stay somewhere else. We first checked in and went to our room, opened the door and there was someone elses luggage in the room! Went straight back to checkin and told them what I found, they immediate gave me a new room (upgraded too) without me asking for one or checking why luggage was in the room they gave me. I thought this was the correct response but was not sure I would get this since it was a Pirceline room.The room we had was and Executive w/ King bed. It was a great size (see pics) with large bathroom and walk in closet! But did feel like it was not updated in 20 years. The bed was new, super comfortable. Nice hotel but in need of any upgrade for sure.Bathroom was very large, double sink, large shower and a tub. No power outlet for a hairdryer but they did provide one that could be used in room itself.Walk to tube was about 5 min (Green Park) so fairly close.Internet was super slow. They have T-Mobile UK which is a pay service and it was horribly slow, could not upload our photos from the trip.I am giving it 3 stars but I feel like if I did not get an upgrade it would be 2-stars.	
Oct 21 2006	Gracious hotel in the centre of it all	I love the sprawling old rooms with the amazing bathrooms. Possibly Londons best location for theatre and shopping without the needless pretension of other nearby venues . We'll stay again .	
Oct 20 2006 	Overall positive experience	I am rating this hotel above average because it tends to be more modestly priced than others in the area, and because of its great location. As pointed out by other reviewers, it is faded. And many rooms do face interior walls or ducts. But open windows provide fresh air. The air conditioning works once you figure it out. The staff is generall helpful. Their food prices were not bad while we were there...a special of 20 pounds for 2 courses, or 13 pounds for one course. And a 25% discount on drinks. But beware mini-bars or room service unless you just don't care what it costs. Breakfast in the dining room is a terrible value. But the same continental breakfast they offer for 20 pounds in the dining room is available in the lobby for 7.50. Its listed on the lobby bar menu. They seemed not to want to serve it to us at first, but eventually they did. The largely eastern european staff can be a bit authoritarian, but insisting (and a smile at the same time) seems to get the job done.The public rooms are very pretty, left over from the 30s I would guess. Great location. If you can get a deal I would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2006 	You Need An Upgrade	We booked a tour through British Airways that included flight and hotel. We picked the Park Lane because it was a 5star hotel. We knew going in that we were getting a standard room, but figured a 5star standard would be fine. We were wrong. We were given Room 331. It smelled, the carpet was stained, there was a lack of drawer space, and the bathroom was sub-par. The toilet seat was broken, as was the door handle to the bathroom. The shower looked like something out of the 1940's. There was no place to put our toiletries. We went right back down to the front desk and asked to be upgraded. To their credit, they were very nice. Because one of us had a Starwood account, we were given a free upgrade to the Starwood Preferred Traveler floor, Room 739. It was lovely. Beautiful marble bath with separate shower stall with glass doors and a marble floor and large vanity. Overall, we enjoyed our stay there. The room was kept immaculate, the continental breakfast was good, and you cannot beat the location. I would stay there again if I knew I had an upgraded room.	
Oct 10 2006 	Believe what you read it's awful	Needs a complete refurb, i complained twice until on the third occasion i got a decent room, admitedly i booked the hotel on a very cheap deal through Lastminute top secret hotels but regardless of that the rooms were very dated, the bathroom could have been used by Winston Churchill it was that old.The location is good, but if your going to stay get a room with a view otherwise you will be looking at bricks and air con units.There are much much better hotels in central london such as the Melia whitehouse in regents park or No1 Aldwych.Oh and if you want a tip for a great meal then try the Oxo Tower bookable through the Harvey Nicols web site	
Oct 6 2006	Vile	I cannont for one second understand a single good review on this website, this is by far the most vile hotel i've stayed in. I had better encounters in Texas Motel's when i was a teenager. and i assure you it didn't cost me GBP £200+.Checked out within 20 mins, after finding a member of staff that could actually string together a sentence in english.DO NOT STAY HERE. EVEN IF ITS FREE.	
Oct 3 2006	Roaches the size of small rats	We got to hotel two days ago and check out tomorrow. Spacious but chipped paint and very weak internet signal. Last night and this morning saw two black roaches about four inches long. One crawled onto the bed and over my foot. We called downstairs and complained but to no avail - &quot;a maintenance man would be by shortly&quot; but no one did.I guess when you think about it, there isn't much a hotel can do when it has a roach infestation. I say it's an infestation because there was zero attempt for the hotel to follow up on the incident this morning. No maintenance man to come by, no call in the morning, nothing. So you figure that this probably wasn't the first time or second time such a thing has occured - hence, an infestation.Let's be honest. Roaches aren't the worst thing in the world. And really, you're supposed to be out on the town in London, not in your hotel room writing an email on tripadvisor.com. But it's sort of disgusting for a hotel to charge as much as this place did and then not react at all. I'm sure other people would have flipped their lid about the roach, and demanded another room. For us, we were too busy from recuperating after working all day. So we named him Casey. Because when you have a vermin infestation, and there's nothing that can be done and you leave tomorrow, maybe the best thing to do is to reclassify it from vermin to Casey.	
Sep 27 2006 	Faded hotel in great location	Booked one night on spg points, with upgrade to small suite.Very old fashioned, 80s style room and furniture. room was a bit stuffy, I don't know if the AC was working or not......ordered room service brandy a large VSOP remy - and was presented with a bill for £40 - arounf 70US. Price of two bottles in an off licence. I expect hotels to charge a margin, but this was a bit too much! I asked for it to be sent back - and we settled on £20 with some negotiation at the door. Room service breakfast was OK, on time and as ordered.Not a 5 star hotel - I guess an average 3 star hotel with top end 4 star prices and a great location.	
Sep 26 2006 	Bed Bugs	The hotel is old and some rooms are small and dark. We were shown three rooms before we selected room 720 which we discovered too late had bed bugs. The management wasn't too reseptive in compensating for this inconvience, and unpleasant experience, The location was great, and the staff in general were quite friendly and efficient. I would not stay there again when in London.	
Sep 8 2006 	A pleasant suprise	I booked this hotel for a very reasonable rate through lastminute.com. At £119.00 for a 5* Hotel I thought was wonderful. However, after reading the bad reviews on trip advisor I began having second thoughts. We decided to chance it anyway as we were having tea at the Ritz and this hotel is only a few minutes down the road. I have to say, our experience was wonderful. Beautiful hotel, lovely clean spacious room and very helpful staff. The bathroom was dated but very clean and with the most powerful shower I've ever experienced. We would definately visit this hotel again.	
Sep 7 2006	It did get better	Stayed here having booked direct through SPG. Advised the hotel it was my husbands birthday but that was ignored. Anyway arrived early (1230) no rooms available but did not mind - we went to lunch in Citrus attached to the hotel which was very good with pleasant service. Were able to check in around 2pm - the second floor room was small, faced an inner courtyard but that did not bother us as it seemed quiet; however we should have rumbled the portable AC unit as a clue to something not quite right. It became clear the AC did not work, the portable machine was fused, phone line was dea, bathroom door lock faulty etc etc. The phone was the biggest issue for us as we were expecting calls all trip. To be fair reception were very quick to move us to another room which was nicer - bigger bathroom and to call up later to check all was OK. We ate again later on our 2 night trip in Citrus which we enjoyed again. We did not have breakfast in the hotel - too expensive, but went to the hotel coffee shop next door one day and brought some pastries and coffee to the room (you can charge them to the room) the second day we went to Starbucks which is on the way to the tube station anyway. There are not a lot of good eating places very near, but the Tube trip to Leicester Square is only 2 stops and you are in Chinatown. The nearby tube (Green Park) is ideal as it has three lines going through it so you get a real good choice.So the location is good, the hotel was not the best value you can get in London and it does seem to be hit or miss whether you get an OK room or not. Some investment in the fabric could make all the difference if Sheraton intend to keep this hotel in their portfolio - you just get the feel they are undecided here so are saving their cash for the time being	
Aug 27 2006 	Don't let the Lobby fool you!	The main lobby is quite nice and you think you have stumbled upon a real winner in a great location, but don't let the lobby fool you! Once you exit the main lobby and enter the check-in area in the back, which is nothing special, you realize you may not be in for such a nice stay. Most people enter and check-in to the hotel from the back, as the front of the hotel sits on a very busy main street, so one would think that it would also be quite nice and luxurious. Not quite.The first problem we had was that our room was on the first floor, was the size of a closet, and overlooked a plethora of plumbing pipes and rusty AC units. There was also some sort of dryer vent type piping that you placed outside your window to suck in all the fresh, clean air--apparently this was supposed to serve as your air conditioning. Not what we were expecting to see for the exhorbitant price we paid. Needless to say, we tried to change rooms and thought we had succeeded, until we arrived back at the hotel that night only to be greeted to the neighboring room on that same floor with the same &quot;charming&quot; view, AC set-up, etc. We complained again, much harsher this time, and finally got the big room on one of the higher floors. This was a decent room with decent air conditioning, but there were plumbing problems in the bathroom. The sink was leaking out the bottom. In general, the bathrooms are nothing to write home about.Overall, the hotel is quite dingy and needs a serious renovation, especially for what you pay! It is in a nice, swanky location, but that is all the more reason to update. I would not recommend staying here ever until you know for sure that they have had a serious overhaul. There are other just as expensive hotels nearby, so go with those instead.	
Jul 16 2006	Fabulous location beautiful hotel	I stayed at this hotel for two nights (6/18 &amp; 6/19) with my mother and my two young boys (ages 6 &amp; 3). This is the second time I have stayed in this hotel within 6 months. The location cannot be beat. It is just fabulous. The hotel is on the older side but it is very charming. I did not encounter any smells either stay and rather liked the hotel. The staff bent over backwards to accomodate me. I felt that the room I was given was too small (but had a beautiful view) for all of us and they immediately moved us to a much larger room. The bellmen were great, housekeeping was great. Everyone I encountered in the hotel was wonderful. We all had a comfortable stay and would absolutely go back... and will soon. Don't hesitate to stay here. It's a wonderful hotel.	
Jul 14 2006	Great Disappointment	We have been a Sheraton member and exchanged our Sheraton points for one night accommodation at Park Lane Sheraton on July 8. It was not an acceptable experience at all. We checked in at 10:30PM (already informed them about the late arrival). The reception desk was friendly, but gave us a room, #231, which was ALREADY OCCUPIED! You can imagine how surprised when we heard someone talking in the room and saw the dinners plates left in front of the room before we even tried to open the door! We did not want to disturb the people in #231 so we went back to the reception desk. They apologized and gave us another room #345. #345 is in a terrible shape. Problem 1, the carpet. The carpet on the hallway, which is highly trafficked, is much much clearner than the carpet in the guest room. I don't even know whether they have done any effort to clean the stains on the carpet at all. I decided to put my shoes on. Problem 2, the closet. We turned the doorknob several times but the door just refused to budge, so we thought that it might be a dummy door for no reason. Later when we couldn't find the hairdryer, we did our best to open that closet door. It is much more difficult than getting into Naria! Problem 3, dirty bathrobe. There were two in the room. One was clean and the other was with yellow stains. Even though we exchanged our points for a free accommodation , but a room with a price tag of GBP169 per night and a dirty bathrobe? Think again!Room is small. Bathroom is small and with a early 20th century deco. The bed is good, at least it is up to Sheraton's standard. Location is good. Will I ever return to this hotel? No!	
Jul 13 2006	Very Comfortable Room	I stayed at the Park Lane with my two children (ages 13 and 15) on June 23 for one night. We arrived at 8am and they let us have a room by 9:30am, which we appreciated since we had flown all night from the States.We had a twin room (and they put an additional cot in the room for my son) for 149 Pounds per night, taxes and breakfast not included. All beds (including the cot) were made up in the Sheraton &quot;sweet sleeper&quot; style and we were very comfortable. The room had the usual high-end amenities: TV, AC, phone, Mini-bar, hairdryer, and shampoos, lotion, etc. Our room didn't have a view of anything other than the side of another building, but since I had selected one of the lower rates offerred by the hotel, I was not expecting a view. The room was fairly large and very quiet (never heard any neighbors). The bathroom was long and narrow with a full tub, but it was covered in marble and just lovely (very clean as well).I noticed the prior reviews of smells and such, we didn't encounter anything negative here, smells or otherwise. It is an old hotel, but I agree that I would have been unhappy if I had had the same issues on my stay. I have never had these problems at the Park Lane; my experiences at this hotel, for the past 8 years or so, have always been postiive like this one.We didn't eat at the hotel, as the restaurant is pretty pricey, but for breakfast on the first day, we went to &quot;Pret a Manger&quot; (about 2 blocks away on Picadilly) and picked up croissants, pastries and drinks. The second morning, we went to a little grocery store by Marks &amp; Spencer (about 2-3 short blocks away on Picadilly) for fresh fruit, croissants, yogurt drinks and then to Starbucks for coffee. Both much less expensive options than breakfast at the hotel, and a better fit for what my kids wanted to eat.The staff were very kind, gracious and accomodating; the housekeeping staff were very efficient. I have stayed at the Park Lane over the years many times, always picking one of the least expensive rooms offered, and I would definitely stay there again. The location cannot be beat. It is a few blocks from the Green Park tube, a few blocks to Hyde Park, a couple tube stops to Knightsbridge (Harrods, etc) and Sloane Square. In the past I have stayed at the Park Lane alone and I found the area quite safe for a woman alone. Not far away is shopping, Leicester square (half-off tickets for theater) and loads of great restaurants and pubs. This isn't a budget traveler's hotel, as the tax brought my rate closer to 190 pounds (about $350), but it is a reliable, safe, pleasant and very comfortable place to stay. I would definintely recommend the Park Lane Sheraton.	
Jul 7 2006	don't understand all the complaining	I stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane with my wife and 8 year old daughter in one room and my in-laws had a junior suite. My in-laws were given a lovely suite. I failed to mention that my daughter was staying in the room with us since I was expecting a king size bed where we could all fit. Unfortunately, I was given a smallish room with a queen bed and since the hotel was fully booked they could not change our room that night. They were quick to accomodate us by putting a cot in the room for the first night and then moving us to a nice executive room with king size bed the next night. It probably helped that I was a gold-level frequent traveler of this hotel chain, but I found them very accomodating.The rooms and lobby were immaculately clean and there were no odors as suggested by earlier reviewers. This hotel is a grand old dame and you have to expect some difficulties with hotels of this age, but in general I found the hotel and service very good. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, especially the Citrus Restaurant. And if you want to avoid a VERY expensive breakfast, there is a great coffee shop attached to the hotel serving top quality coffee + cappucino and baked goods. The location is perfect with Green Park sprawled out across the street and a 200 meter walk to Buckingham Palace. In addition, the cozy Shepards Market area is tucked in behind the hotel with GREAT bars and restaurants. The Spanish tapas restaurant around the corner in the back of the hotel is good and reasonable (especially for Mayfair). The only thing one could quibble about is the cost. At $350-400 per room it is a bit pricey, but again it is London. If you are on a budget this is not for you. But if you want convenience and comfort I found the hotel very acceptable. There are probably better places in London for the money, but this is not a bad hotel. If the cost doesn't bother you, or if you can get a good deal, enjoy. We did!	
Jul 6 2006	Very Disappointing	I stay regularly at Sheraton hotels and have not normally been disappointed - they are usually a safe option and some of them have been great. I have stayed in the this hotel before as well and had a great room and a great experience although it was some years ago now.However, it is really showing its age and the quality of the service was very poor. The room was really too small for this class of hotel, it was dirty and very noisy. We were over charged after we had left and had to really chase around to get it sorted. Luckily in the end we found a duty manager who was willing to get something done - very good reponse from her.Overall, not a Sheraton quality and I would not go back again.	
Jun 14 2006 	Hotel has gone south	I have stayed at this hotel many times because it is located close to our London office and has been fairly solid. This time, I arrived at 5:00 am and had to book a room so I could have a $500 shower before work. Fine. That's how its played, I understand.However, I get the smallest dirtiest room I've ever been a part of...they even have a winowless air conditioner. AWEFUL.. the room is crazy small. The window looks out into a cement wall. I call them saying that I am (was) a frequent customer and that I have never gotten a small and dirty room from them before. They said they'd upgrade me but not unti the afternoon...so I had to pack up everythng that I laid out and get it ready for a move before work.When I get back from work, The nice lady at the front desk says that they have a better room for me and sends me on my way. 618.. It looks great until I get into the bathroom. It smells like raw sewage. In the tub there is what appears to be fecal matter and vomit. Pictures attached.I call downstairs and ask what they can do. They say that I have to stay in that room and maybe they can offer me another room tomorrow for another 40 quid a night. (the Supervisor is talking here)I am not sure what I am going to do - I have never seen anything like this. This was at one pont a 5 star hotel but has obviously decayed dramatically. I would give it 2 stars not even considering the festering fecal matter in my tub that I HAVE to deal with.I will update again soon	
Jun 11 2006 	No Good!	the hotel is trying but there are many problems.the first one is the strong &quot;sewer line smell&quot; on the entire main floor.also: i can speak few lenguages including spanish, one of the waitress at the hotel &quot;citrus&quot; restaurante was from spain and while I was enjoying holding a conversation in spanish with her, another &quot;blond&quot; hair waitress came to the table to take our order...I asked her &quot;do you also speak spanish?&quot;, she answer with an attitude &quot;of course not!&quot;...because I was in the fun side I responded to her &quot;oohhh, you are really missing a lot of fun!&quot;, and again with a bad attitude thse answered back &quot;i don't think so&quot;!!! and she continued cleaning the other tables with ungry....I will never return to a hotel like that, I cannot accept this kind of discrimination in europe, where &quot;lenguages&quot; are abruptally changed just taking a flight of 30 minutes or less!...sorry Park Lane you are missing the english traditional class!	
Jun 4 2006	Great Location- Small Room	I stayed in the Park Lane Sheraton for one night in May. While the hotel location was excellent- right near Buckingham Palace and the tube- as well as many good restaurants, the room size was very small for what I paid. I basically tripped over the bed right as I walked into the room and barely had enough room to open the bathroom door. And as opposed to central airconditioning, there was only a freestanding air conditioner in the room- that did not seem to even work. On my return to London I would try and stay in a similar location, but at a different hotel.	
Jun 3 2006 	Quality Service at a Graceful but Ageing Star	I stay here most months when working in London and choose this as my base over and above many hotels. Other reviews may be based on a single stay, my opinion is based on dozens of nights! If you read other reviews you may ask why stay here, let me tell you:* The location is just fantastic, just a short ride into the heart of the West End but if you prefer a stroll then Green and Hyde Park are just a few minutes away. Mayfair provides excellent eating and shopping.* Easy access from Green Park tube, providing three tube lines across London* Rooms are quiet. The design of the hotel keeps you away from the 4 lane highway that is Picadilly providing a comfortable and peacful night. Not true of many City Hotels.* The staff are excellent without exception. There is never any delay on arrival or departure and nothing is too much trouble.* Want to stay in? Well the in room dining provides quality food at a reasonable price.* Yes the bathhrooms are old style, but they are clean and the water is plentiful and hot unlike some other 4 star hotels I stay in* Yes the hotel reception is at the back, but so what? I dont stay in the reception!* Yes the lifts are old, but they always work efficiently* Palm court bar is atmospheric and quite original* Beds are most comfortableThe hotel is in need of a make over but it provides qood quality accomodation at a reasonable price in the heart of Europes leading city. What more could you want?	
Jun 1 2006	Great Location..Poor Quality Hotel	I booked this trip online for a 3 night stay in London...Was not able to check in until after 5pm....had to go to 3 rooms to get one that was acceptable..The 3rd room was large, clean, but dumpy..and the hallways remind you of an old hotel from the 60's...musty and worn..and unless you book a suite, forget the windows facing the street...you will have a horrid view of other roofs or other windows, even in an &quot;executive&quot; room. The Air Conditioning that they advertise was a joke...you will need to open the windows..and for these rates and calling themselves a 5 star hotel, that was unacceptable. I complained upon returning home, and after several days, I recieved an attempt at an apology letter, basically just brushing me off, inviting me to call if I was returning to the hotel, and they would work to make me comfortable...they need not worry, I will not be returning to this hotel..for the money that this hotel charges, you can book a nice hotel...I will give them credit for a great location.	
May 21 2006	A great disappointment	This is not a 5 star hotel. Our small room, sold as a double, was clearly a single as evidenced by the single bed head. Dirty carpets and chairs. Antiquated bathroom. No tea making facilities. No trouser press. Poor breakfast service. The light continental breakfast eventually appeared after three requests and a half hour wait.	
May 1 2006	a perfectly fine stay	I stayed there twice in April as part of a vacation. The first time had an outstanding room...the second time I felt i had a perfectly fine but not great room. Will stay there again because I love the location. Both times room did not face Picadilly which I think was a plus...room was super quiet. Staff was alway very accomodating. While dated in some parts--it is a very comfortable hotel. I always take the Tube into London from Heathrow...and it was a very easy walk to the hotel.	
Apr 28 2006	This hotel is highly underrated!	After reading some of the reviews, we had some hesitations about this property. We were very pleased with our stay here. The rooms were large and well decorated. The bathrooms were very spacious. The bed linens were very nice and the bed was extremely comfortable. The concierge staff were all very helpful. We had cocktails two evenings in the lobby bar and were very pleased with the quality and service. The location of this hotel is great - close to Green Park tube station, close to Shepard's Market area where we ate most of our meals. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 24 2006	better than expected	After reading the negative reviews on here I was braced for the worst. The hotel, while in need of some upgrading, was a pleasent experience. We had two rooms on the same floor. One had been remodeled, one was not. The remodeled room had a new bath and was a bit brighter.What was lacking in the rooms was made up in service. The staff was courteous and extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was always fresh and ample. The staff could not have been more attentive.The location was excelent, just beyond the fringe of the hectic Picadilly Circus. Many restaurants just seconds away in Shepherd Market.The high tea in the Palm Court is one of the highest rated in London.My kids loved the Original Hard Rock Cafe, which is 1 block away. The concierge at the hotel provided us with a card that gave us priority seating and shortened our wait considerably.A Marks &amp; Spencer market nearby on Picadilly had a great selection of snacks, drinks and ready to go meals, a real moneysaver when traveling with teens in $$$London.	
Feb 14 2006	See beyond the obvious	Having stayed at Sheraton Park Lane just over a year ago, I fully expected that it would now be undergoing its transformation to a 'W' by now. However it is still going strong and I feel it is somewhat maligned by alot of the criticism it receives, although I feel sympathy with some of the comments. We stayed for three nights from the 10th of February and found the treatment from all staff we encountered was friendly and enthusiastic. We ate in 'Citrus' restaurant and had excellent meals with interesting and reasonably priced wines,(an unusual but very tasty Mexican syrah at £20 a bottle) the total cost of the meal for two with pre meal drinks around £70. Breakfasts are also a treat as they are all cooked fresh as standard, no hard bacon or congealed scrambled egg from the warmer trays that you get in most other Starwood Hotels, also a large pot of coffee is left on your table and plenty of hot toast. The rooms, while in need of a spruce up, are comfortable with very restful and spacious beds, the bathrooms are adequate for their purpose - but when the transformation is complete I hope I still get copious towels and jets of hot water I get now! At the end of the day it is still a fine hotel in an excellent location with friendly staff, true, the lifts clank and are scratched, true, the main entrance round the back has to be one of the most drab and uninspiring of any Sheraton and true, the overall feel is of a hotel well past its sell by date. I get the feeling that positive comments come from its regular clientele who know its obvious failings, while most negative reviews come from those who visit it for a first and seemingly only time and I can fully see their point of view. I think this must be my last visit to Park Lane as a Sheraton, although I thought that last year. Its transformation to a 'W' will alter it out of all proportions (a swimming pool deck built over the Palm Court lounge!), the tapestries and the panelling will probably disappear, as will its very English quaintness. If you want to experience a piece of old English tradition, albeit with its stated drawbacks I should grab it soon.	
Jan 30 2006	Don't know what you're all complaining about	I'm on my third of three nights here now.I can't for the life of me figure out what all the complaints are about (well most of them anyway). I had three free nights coming to me from a Starwood promotion and I used them here because when I come to London I prefer to stay in Mayfair. Based on the reviews my expectations were that I would have no more then a place to sleep and the location. So I was quite surprised when it far exceeded the low expectations indicated by the reviews.The staff at check in were courteous and helpful and offered an upgrade (without my asking) despite the fact that my room was free. Ok most of them do not have English as their mother tongue, but this is London afterall and that's pretty common especially in the hotel industry. Nonetheless they all spoke colloqual English.My room on the 4th floor is spacious, clean and comfortable even if it doesn't have much of a view. My one gripe is that there is no safe in the room. None of the smells described by other reviewers were present. The bathroom and plumbing are old, but work well and the towel warmer is a nice touch. Room service breakfast arrived on time, hot, and exactly as ordered. It was actually quite good, not just good for room service. Again staff were polite and efficient. Service carts were removed promptly when left in the hallway.As for the entrance in the back on Brick Street, remember this: This hotel was built in the days when cars, servants, and luggage entered through the mews and guests entered through the lobby. There are other hotels in London like this.Yeah this place could do with an overhaul, but I really have no serious complaints and I'd stay here again even if I had to pay for it. London hotels are generally not fantastic except for the very top places such as Claridge's.	
Jan 21 2006	Stayed for free=that is what it is worth.	This hotel has great potential-and that is all. I had to reject three rooms to get one to stick. Our first room was in the corner beind two smelly elevators. Went to the front desk to hear &quot;sorry-fully booked&quot; finally after waiting four hours got an acceptable room, A vacuum cleaner spent three days in the hallway unused as was dirty dishes for hours. The room was clean but the hallways looked sixty years old, Spend some money and revive this fine all property!!!	
Jan 21 2006	A balanced review--lets stick to the facts	I stayed here for 10 days in early January, 2006. I booked through British Airways, since I flew with them from the USA, and they had what I knew to be a good discount price. I had already compared prices by looking online through Starwood/Sheraton website, and by calling to the hotel directly on the phone and consulting the Guide Michelin. I got a free night (special deal) and a generally reduced rate overall. I also made sure to join the Starwood Preferred Guest program (free). Now, let's go over why there is/was a discount, what I got for the $$$$, and some other facts. Prior reviews have noted the inconveninet back street reception entrance on Brick Street, and the even worse idea of arriving at the Piccadilly entrance and having to drag your bags through the Palm Court to the rear of the hotel and up and down two small flights of stairs and through 3 sets of doors to reach the lifts. But, if you have read the reviews here and done your research as you should..you should know about the layout and be easily able to avoid it. The taxi drivers (all) knew about this entrance problem and they do NOT drop you at the Piccadilly entrance unless you insist. Do NOT arrive via the Underground at Green Park, as you must walk approximately 4 blocks and then negotiate the (narrow) Brick Street to reach the reception entrance. Arrive via Taxi, and best to use the Heathrow Express from the airport to Paddington Station. Much more convenient to use than the Tube.  As to the room, the discount I got reflected some deterioration in the room condition. I had a &quot;preferred room&quot; , at least I was TOLD so...However, the room did have a large crack in the ceiling plaster, and some peeling and cracked paint in two relatively small locations in the bathroom, in the spots where you would expect paint to crack first in any bathroom. There were also 3 extensively cracked faux marble floor tiles in the bathroom with one small piece missing in one spot. All the appliances and etc worked and were in good order, though the provided hair dryer located on the bathroom wall seemed to be an antique type that was not very effective. Another, hand-held, more modern type hair dryer was in the closet however, if you preferred to use that. The bed was very comfortable. The heat worked well and never experienced any cold. The doors of the other rooms do close loudly, as other reviews have said. But, they are old style, heavy wooden things and if the other guests just were to CLOSE them, rather than SLAM them..it would not be a real problem.  The hotel is remodeling NOW. I could see the work going on in other rooms. So, it seems the peeling paint problems and tiles may soon be fixed. There was no view from this room. It looked onto a fire escape. It was not the largest room, nor the smallest, room on the floor. I read the &quot;fire plan layout&quot; on the room door to learn this. the hotel location is excellent, and very convenient to manay things/places. But it is an older hotel that needs manitenance in the rooms and the lifts. These problems can be corrected fairly easily and SOME are being done now.Is it 5 stars? No...its a 3 now...but it could be a 4 soon. Actually, if you paid more than I did for an Executive Room or a Suite you'd likely say it was a 4 star now. Get a discount, join the Preferred Guest thing and shop around. There are better hotels sure, but this one is not too bad.	
Jan 10 2006	Location the biggest strength.	I was able to take the Piccadilly Line and disembark at Green Park, literaly walk 2 blocks west on Piccadilly and walk into the hotel. Traveling as a lone female, the ease of finding the hotel was a major plus for me. However, it's decidedly unsexy to have to wheel your suitcases in through the Palm Court, disrupting everyone that's having their lunch or tea. I may be American but I try not to draw attention to that fact, and the hotel's layout, with the concierge at the back side of the hotel was no help. Once you are familiar with the hotel and know the back street entrance, obviously, you can avoid this scenario, but it is annoying to have to make that accomodation.If you are on the upper floors you might have a great view of Green Park. Unfortunately, the room I stayed in faced into an interior courtyard, courtyard being a generous word for more bizarre design. There was some kerfuffle about another guest having reserved our room, because he stays in the same room every year. The room was by no means awful, but it was definitely not worth making a pilgrimage for.The concierge's desk was ridiculously not helpful in negotiating when we were supposed to move to the other room and also in checking out. We were doing them a favor, and no one would answer questions like, &quot;When will the new room be ready, etc.&quot;For our trouble in moving we were upgraded to a much larger suite...but decided to just bag it and go stay at their sister hotel, the Sheraton Park Tower in Knightsbridge...a bit pricier, but a much better experience. Although I did prefer the Mayfair location.	
Jan 3 2006	Pathetic - Stay Away Until Re-fit and price review	I spent around 20 minutes in this hotel, of which 35 seconds were in my room at the Park Lane Sheraton before getting into the noisey drab and worn out lift back down to the back street style reception for a full refund and check-out. My &quot;double&quot; room costing £175+vat+parking+breakfast was smaller than the room i had at university, not to mention dirtier and darker. I didn't see the bathroom but as my partner came out with a look of disgust i took her word that it was rubbish.To continue my complaints, I had to park (and quickly collect) my own car, admitidly it's 15 feet away but i had to go around the block just to get to the entrance, and after squeezing through the hobbit style filthy door out of the garage i had a dirty jacket and bag. And on... The staff have the most basic grasp of English i have encountered in a London hotel, this is just not cricket, the capital of the UK in an American owned hotel and no one could understand me, especially when i went to complain.There was a bar/dining room in the front of the hotel which was very very busy so i asume this is a consession and nothing to do with the actual hotel as it looked popular. To stay here, well i wouldn't.. but if you want to make sure you get a very very good deal, this hotel is £50 a night standards yet charging 3-4 times as much.. Try the De Vere Cavindish on Jerymn St instead, it's cheaper, infinitly nicer, and a better location and you won't feel like you've been mugged when you hand over your money.And if you are thinking &quot;Oh but the view, it's opposite St James Park&quot;.. get that thought out of your head my c £240 stay would have had me in a room looking onto a fire escape at the rear of the building. take a photo.. stay somewhere else.	
Dec 12 2005	Run-down and noisy	We stayed for a Saturday night at the hotel. Similar to other reviewers, we found the layout of the hotel entrance difficult to navigate in terms of finding the Reception. We stayed on the 3rd floor in a small, slightly over-cluttered room.The hotel appears to be passed its prime with a general spruce-up of the hallways and rooms badly needed.The doors of the rooms all slam automatically which negates the need of setting any alarm clocks or wake-up calls, as the continuous door-slams echo throughout the hotel from way too early.The walls are paper-thin so be prepared to unintentionally eaves-drop on your neighbors-for better or worse.The ''breakfast'' priced at £ 19.95 was very poor. We were left standing unattended for far too long before being seated and subsequently left unattended again. The quality of the delayed food was low and although the server did try to apologize, we were happy to depart and notch this hotel down as one to avoid in the future''	
Dec 5 2005	Down the Slippery Slope...	Like the reviewer before, we were upgraded to a nicer room because of my Starwood frequent guest membership. Actually, we were 'upgraded' twice. Our first 'upgraded' room scared us so bad, they moved us to another. I've stayed at the Park Lane many times over the years and agree with comments that the hotel is in need of attention. The great hall was nice, service there was very warm, as always. Business center is good. Location across from Green Park/St. James Park and proximity to nice restaurants, theatre, and shopping keeps returning us to the Park Lane. But it gets gruffer each time. With the price of London hotels what they are, the Starwood folks would be advised to put some money back into this property. Even loyal guests like ourselves may soon bolt.	
Oct 12 2005	A bit past its prime but nice	We got an upgrade as Sheraton gold members, so no complaints about the room. It was a bit tired, as mentioned in a prior review, but incredibly roomy and nice. The Park Lane has a lovely bar, service was decent (althought the a.m. doorman has a bit to learn about how to treat guests), and is in a fantastic location. Not sure I would pay the prices to stay there (we used points), but it made for a great trip. Definitely a location that I'd stay in again.	
Sep 28 2005	Great Location a little expensive	My wife and I recently returned from our first vacation to London. The Park Lane hotel was in a perfect location - not too far from the tube, which conveniently shares an entrance with the Marks and Spenser Store. From there, the Green Park station is on 3 different lines, so you can get almost anywhere fairly easily. For example, the trip from Green Park Station to Parliament was only one stop and took about five minutes. For those interested in walking, Buckingham or St James palaces are only about a ten-fifteen minute walk though the park. The hotel itself is one of those landmark hotels whose exterior looks a bit better than the interior. The front of the hotel also certainly looks more impressive than the back, which has a loading dock feel to it. The service was fairly friendly, although the staff were a little rushed and didn't pay particular attention to what customers were saying.We had an &quot;executive&quot; room with a king bed, which was fairly small by North American standards, but adequate. The bed was comfortable and was indeed king size. The bathroom had both a bath tub and a stand up shower, which was something we specifically had to ask for. Everything else functioned as expected. Overall, the room was clean and nice, but you're paying a premium for the location.	
Sep 23 2005 	Great location but a little tired	I stayed at the Park Lane for 4 nights in late September. Overall I was quite happy with the hotel. The room was of typical size for a large city and included a new (but small) single bed, which offered a decent nights sleep. The bathroom was tired with a sink that blocked up regularly and a shower curtain that didn't quite close, but generally nice and clean. If you get dropped at the front of the hotel, you'll have to drag your bags through the lounge area and up a number of stairs to get to the reception area strategically hidden towards the back of the hotel. The staff were quite friendly and helpful. A request for an ironing board was accomplished in 5 minutes. Although I didn't eat at the restaurants I did grab some appetizers in the lounge area one morning and was amazed at the prices. I would recommend grabing a bite to eat at one of the many great restuarants a couple of streets behind the hotel or the yummy tapas bar around the corner on Down St (Pirata). Be careful if you order a mini-cab to get to the airport. I asked the night porter to arrange a cab for the following morning, but was told by the doorman when I went to check out that they don't do such a thing and that I must have been mistaken. Miraculously, he was able to summon a black cab at short notice and negotiate a deal with the driver which was 10 pounds more than the night porter had quoted. Overall a good hotel and a great location close to Buckingham Palace and Green Park tube - which is on the Jubilee line and handy if you need to get down to Canary wharf.	
Sep 16 2005	Could not have been better!	We spent a week at the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel from the 5th to the 11th. We were extremely pleased with our choice. Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking Green Park, it was very spacious with high ceilings, a seating area, large marble bathroom with heated towel racks, and a mini bar. We have relatives in London and met them over tea every day in the Palm Court which is the hub of the hotel. We usually finished our day at the Palm Court with a drink and a snack, it is a very beautiful room but still very comfortable and relaxing. The service in all of the restaurants could not have been better. All of the waitstaff were attentive but not pushy. All of the help from the maids, concierge, front desk, bellhop, and doormen could not do enough for us and with great attitudes. The location is very convenient to everything with all kinds of transportation practically at your door. There is a great maze of pubs, restaurants and shops right behind the hotel in Shepards Market. We could not have enjoyed our trip more and will stay at the Sheraton Park Lane on all return trips!B Panzano	
Aug 26 2005	Tired but convenient location	Location is everything about this hotel- just a short walk from knightbridge and picadilly, and located right in front of green park, its great to stay here if you're merely using the room as a pit stop between tourist sites. Whats great is pret and starbucks is right around the corner, as is marks and spencers' grocery store. The rooms are a bit tired, and most of them face other buildings, so they're dark and dreary. The beds, however, are quite comfortable and I had a good night's rest each night. The breakfast is quite good as well.	
Aug 20 2005	Charming hotel	We stayed at the Park Lane twice during a 3 week visit to England and France. We requested a triple, and I believe were upgraded to a junior suite. The front desk staff were uniformly friendly, and remembered us when we returned for our 2nd stay. We arrived early in the morning after a red-eye flight. We expected to leave our luggage and check in later in the day, but were told that the previous guest had just left, and that the room would be ready in an hour. We had breakfast and a wander around Hyde Park, and returned to check-in around noon.Our room was on the 7th floor, on the rear of the hotel. We had a rooftop view, and windows on two sides, facing west and north. Never checked for AC, as even though it was warm, the cross ventilation kept the room cool.We had a king bed, nice sitting area, a loveseat that was a sofa bed for our daughter, a desk area, two walk-in closets, and tons of room to stretch out. The bathroom was recently renovated, with a separate shower, deep soaking tub, bidet, two sinks and heated towel rack. Our only problem was the lack of a hairdryer. The solution was an extention cord. I realize the British electrical code is not the Sheraton's fault, but a plug to accomodate the hairdryer near the desk would have been a good idea!The location is great. We love taking the bus when we can in London, and could get almost anywhere either on the bus that ran on Piccadilly in front of the hotel, or on buses about a three minute walk on Park Lane. Green Park and Hyde Park Corner Tube stops are an easy walk, too. The Park Lane is an older property, so the rooms can vary in size. Remember, if you're not happy with yours, it doesn't hurt to politely explain to the front desk exactly what's wrong with it, and give them a chance to change your room.	
Aug 16 2005	Not quite as good as you want it to be...	Here for an indulgent weekend stay in a five-star hotel. The Sheraton Park Lane suffers from having almost no rooms with anything equating to a view: the room they gave me, at the end of a dog-leg off a main corridor looked out onto a brick wall... Well, I suppose you don't necessarily go for the view....Reasonable size room, okay decor, as throughout the hotel, which gets away from the standard international hotel 'how many fabrics can we place in one room?' school of interior design. Think of it as 'period' rather than 'shabby' or 'in need of a make-over'.Great bathroom (marble-lined) with lots of hot water and (thank heavens) a separate shower cubicle rather than the usual shower-in-the-bath. Lousy reception on every TV channel, and last week's 'Time Out' doesn't over-inspire confidence, but lots of towel, toiletries and hot water, and the bed has to be one of teh most comfortable I've slept in....WiFi Internet access at extra cost via T-Mobile (standard T-Mobile rates), a change from other Sheratons I've stayed in where access comes free, in a hotel where the extras add up (£3 for a mineral water that costs 50p in the nearby Marks and Spencer?). A great breakfast (the low-carb) at extra cost, even if the coffee pots don't keep the coffee hot for long, a small gym (cycles, treads and a couple of weights machines) helps work off even more pounds.Comfortable lounge areas add to the ambience, and you can't but feel a thrill when walking off Piccadilly into the Palm Court (taxis drop you round the less conspicuous back), but it's just that little bet less good than you want it to be: there's a habit of leaving odd pieces of crockery in the corridors which is particularly annoying (especially when the neighbours bring in Big Macs and a trolley-load of smelly wrappings stays outside their room for the best part of a day).	
Jul 25 2005	Good Locale Not 4 star service	I brought my family (husband, parents and 6 year old daughter) to London for the first time. I chose this hotel in particular for location and the fact that it was advertised as having air conditioning. It did but during the worse heat wave for years, the air conditioning failed. While this was not the fault of the hotel, their dealing with the situation left much to be desired. They made no effort to compensate us in anyway, an ice bucket and cold water were sent up to the room only after multiple complaints, no new fans were purchased and provided. As this situation went on for days, the staff had ample time to provide relief to clients and address the inconvenience proactively. In addition, I agree with other comments that the concierge was not very helpful nor had a good attitude. There was often no door man to help with getting a cab. We noted him only one time, on the weekend. The rooms are small in the European style, which was ok. Except that one of the rooms was supposed to be a triple (for two adults and a child) but they simply wheeled in a cot and fit it by the double bed. Now it was a regular size double room with very little walking space. There were two wonderful parts to the hotel. One, the location was excellent. Two, the Palm Court was an island of service pleasure. The Citrus restaurant was good and very friendly as well. I felt very welcome at the hotel with my young child. Indeed, her experience of having herbal tea in The Palm Court was something I will remember a long time.If I had visited with just my husband during a cooler week, I am sure that my reflections on the stay would have been much more positive. However, it is during times of difficulty that good service shines through and for this property, it simply did not.	
Jul 25 2005	so so	The Park Lane Hotel clearly has seen better days, and we found it somewhat tired and in need of a refurbishment.On the plus side, the location is very central, and convenient for Buckingham Palace, the Victoria &amp; Albert and Natural History Museums, and Knightsbridge. The building has a good deal of character, particularly the lounge area, featuring huge comfortable sofas, and beautiful stained glass windows.Unfortunately, someone has taken their eye of the ball in looking after the hotel. The entrance foyer features some bizarre historical costumes, and outdated luxury goods mounted in display cases. I've never seen this in a hotel before, and as a first impression it makes you feel as if you're on a trip to Madame Tussaudes! The Reception is hidden away and somewhat hard to reach. Our room was quite small, and marred by an enormous mobile air conditioning unit which had been jammed in next to the bed, with a bulky hose venting air out of the open window. The weekend we went was very hot, however having this in the room seemed really out of place and took away from the ambience of the room.Needless to say it stopped working in the evening, and despite a lot of fiddling with the buttons we failed to breathe life into it. I think we should have complained really, but we couldn't be bothered.We also noticed a foldaway bed pushed up against a corridor wall that stayed there for two days running. This just reinforced the impression that a lack of care was being shown in running the hotel.On returning from a meal out on Saturday night, we relaxed with a cup of tea in the lounge. The tea service was superb, with silver plated utensils and ample quantities of red hot tea. We were very impressed with the antique silver strainer which was good fun! The service was also faultless.However, the ambience was marred by the house music that they were playing. It jarred against the setting, was too loud and too fast, and wholly inappropriate for such an austere old-fashioned hotel. I actually liked the music that they were playing, but some slow relaxed songs on a piano would have set the tone so much better. To sum up, this hotel has got the raw ingredients to be a landmark hotel, but at present, has clearly seen better days. It really needs a sympathetic refurbishment and a complete makeover to recapture it's past success.	
Jul 19 2005 	Not too bad	Husband, 9 month old son and I had a ceremony to attend at Buckingham Palace and hubby gave me the task of booking a hotel. I spent many, many hours cross referencing various hotels to this website. Initially, I booked the Cavendish St James Hotel when I got a very good rate through precisionreservations website but a few days later I was informed that the room was not available. At the last minute (the day before checking in), I booked a room at a 'secret hotel' through lastminute.com. It wasn't really a secret as I did a google search based on the hotel description and location and knew it was the Park Lane. Although the reviews were so-so, I decided to go for this hotel because of the location. Following the London bombings, we decided to use as little of the tube as possible and we did walk everywhere in the end. We stayed for 2 nights - 12th and 13th July. Check-in was smooth and relatively quick. The room itself - a standard double which I got for £99 a night, looked classy but small. Basically a double bed with bedside table on either side, an armchair, a writing desk with chair. There was also a little portable A/C with a big hose hanging out the window. My husband said it was to suck the hot air out of the room. I switched that off before going to bed as I wanted to close the window to keep out the traffic noise. There was also proper A/C which kept the room at just the right temperature. I loved the closet. It was one you could walk into, had some shelves with a mini safe, and hangers to hang your clothes. There were also bathrobes. The bathroom was small but had a bathtub with a shower hose, toilet which hadn't been flushed properly, a sink with mirror, and a small magnifiying mirror.We didn't dine in the hotel. The nice lounge which we had to walk through to get to the main street (opp. Green Park) did smell of cigar. Overall, for the price we paid we were happy with the hotel.	
Jul 19 2005	This place is AWESOME!	This hotel was superb. The facilities were excellent, and the hotel is located in the heart of London, the perfect place to be. From the welcoming agents at the front desk, to the housekeeping staff, to the room service staff, everything was perfect. The fluffy white bathrobes were more than inviting, and the towel warming rack was so welcomed after a long day touring.You can't go wrong staying at this A++++++++ hotel!	
Jul 5 2005	Not up to Starwood or Sheraton quality	June 23-25, 2005We were very disappointed with the service and the overall hotel. Our stay there was to be for 4 days. We changed locations for the last night. First we were given a room on the first floor and then changed two more times to finally a room on the Starwood Preferred floor-no view,just roof tops. We were without hot water for 2 days and the A/C was not very good. The prices were really out of sight, even in the bar. The concierge was not knowlegable or helpful. It was extremely difficult to get a cab at that location due to the other hotels getting all the cabs ahead of us down the street. The doorman would not even go out on the curb to try to flag a cab as the doorman at the Millennium Hotel next door did for his patrons. The metro station, even though it was just a few blocks away, seemed to be a very long walk at the end of the day. The main entrance to the hotel section is on Brick Street so you either had to walk around the block, or if you entered from Piccadilly(the main street) you had to walk through the lounge and bar to get to your room. The waiters in the lounge were rude if you were just sitting and not ordering. The one positive thing was the beds;they were the most comfotable beds. The hotel did refund one night's stay so that was a plus.	
Jul 4 2005	Very Disaponting	We stayed at the Park Lane from June 17 - June 22. Having been to London for many years, I was looking forward to staying at a 5* hotel and great service. To my complete dismay my stay was anything but this. The service was terrible! The maid service barley makes the bed and if you are looking for more than your first morning cup of coffe using the coffee service in your room you will be disapointed. You must call constantly to get clean coffee cups and to have the coffee service re-filled. On our second day there, the air conditioning went out. I can understand mechanical problems but what is not appropriate is to be told by the Hotel staff and Management that it had been repaired and would be on in the next fifeteen minutes (for three days)Being a Starwood preferred guest I did not appreciate the run around and poor service received.	
Jun 23 2005	The Hot Park Lane	Just got back from London and staying at the Park Lane Hotel in Green Park. The location of the hotel was awesome, across the street from Green Park, easy walk to Buckingham Palace, close to the underground, Piccadilly etc. The hotel was very nice too, except for the problem of no air conditioning for two of the 4 nights. The first room they gave us was an executive room - great on the 8th floor, even a slight view of the park but the A/C did not work so we went through about 2 more rooms before finding one that was relatively cool (an hour later). The manager was nice about it, gave us complimentary bottle of champagne for our trouble and the air worked the first night but then not the next two and it was very hot indeed. Manager was super nice but the concierge left ALOT to be desired. Besides attitude, the two different ones on duty were of very little help when it came to good places to eat, getting show tickets and when we inquired about the movie premiere (War of the Worlds) they told us it was not that night...we went to the theater anyway hoping to find it when it was going to be and stumbled upon the premiere - Tom Cruise and all! So, I did not think the cconcierge were very knowledgeable, helpful or friendly. The hotel definitely needs a facelift - which I think it is going to get - has a lot of character and charm - and again the location was awesome. Also, the maid service was not very good - our bathroom was barely cleaned every day -	
Jun 12 2005	Disappointed in service	I had booked an executive room, and was very pleased to see that is was a good size room, and well furnished, but with a very small TV for the size of the room. On checking in I noticed the windows were open, and had a blower with a large tube attached to it and with the other end placed outside the window, and cool air was coming in so I anticipated that the room was being vented for the time being. Upon my return later that night, the room was stuffy, and the unit was off, and the central air was not working. I notified the front desk, and they said that this unit in some of the rooms was the aircondition, and it was nothing more than a water cooler. I told them that this was not acceptable for a 4 star property not to have aircondition, and to have to have the windows open and allowing the street sounds to come in. A service man was sent up, and he was able to get the airconditon repaired, but it did not operate quite as well, as the air even at high was not as cold as well functioning aircondition. He informed me that his dept was not notified that anything was wrong with the aircondition, and on the other hand the front desk informed me that they were told the room was ready to be rented out, but was not told by house keeping that the aircondition was not working, and had brought in the water cooler. This service is not in keeping with the expectations of a Sheraton or a 4 star property as the closet door, and the bath room door had to be place touching each other or we could not keep it open.The room was clean, and the lobby small, but the bar area should have a non smoking area, as it smelled smoke all over.	
May 31 2005 	Lovely room and comfortable bed!	My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane hotel for 3 nights in January. We paid 165 pounds per night. It was quite lovely and elegant and in a great location. We were upgraded to a renovated executive room, which was huge, with an extremely comfortable bed, his &amp; hers closets, a sitting area, and spacious bathroom with bidet, tub, and separate shower. Our room was right next to the elevator, but was very quiet. We were on the back side of the hotel, not facing Picadilly. Staff were very friendly and the concierge quite helpful with theatre bookings and train station/schedule information. We loved the very British character of the hotel. Tea is quite expensive at 20 pounds per person, no matter what you eat, but we chalked it up to the experience. We would definitely stay there again when it is just the two of us, but it would be a very pricey place to stay with kids. The Green Park tube station is only about three blocks away.	
May 28 2005	Great Value - Smokey Lobby	This hotel is in a great location. The rooms are good sized - I sprang for a larger room and it was worth the money. I got a very good weekend rate. The beds and the bathroom were really clean and comfy. I would stay here again. The room was quiet and not a mile from the lift. Very nice.I would not have tea in the lobby again. My two femaile guest were disgusted when our tea was overwhelmed by cigar smoke - even though I had asked for a non-smoking table, I didn't get one and wasn't told. The tea was just as pricey as tea at other hotels in the area. We were eventually moved after complaining. But afternoon tea at a place like this should come with no hassles - period. Lovely room. OK food. OK service. Smoke almost everywhere. Tea and tension don't mix. Mom and the lady friend were highly annoyed.	
May 22 2005	Park Lane London - Above Average	Stayed 5 days in April 2005. Like others, worried about the negative reviews. As a Starwood Gold, I called Starwood and requested a renovated room. No problems at check in. Just reminded them that I had requested a renovated room. Good room. Ave. sized for a London hotel. Great bed. Robe. No tea setup. Bath a little small with shower/tub combo, but just fine for one. Helpful, friendly doorman who suggested breakfast at Shephard's Market around the corner. Concierge very good. Called him from a cab twice for lunch reservations at different restaurants in London for business lunches and he came through just fine. Safe deposit boxes available. Be certain on check in that the cab drops you at the main entrance (which is not on Picadilly), especially if you have luggage. 2 blk easy walk to Green Park tube. T-Mobile wireless available throughout the hotel. It pays to get your T-Mobile account before you leave the US and then ask them how to access from the UK or elsewhere abroad. Much cheaper that way. Also T-Mobile available at all Starbucks, which seem to be on every other block in the UK. When my converter didn't work, they delivered one. It weighed about 10 lbs and was the size of a shoebox, but it worked. Would stay there again.	
May 19 2005	High point of the trip	I enjoyed the hotel very much. We stayed in a suite on the first floor with a balcony and a view of Green Park. Although the hotel is old it is quite charming, well maintained and decorated and we found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is located right in the middle of everything, only a half-mile from Buckingham Palace and although it is probably a little pricey it should be noted that it is located in one of the most expensive neighborhoods on the planet. I consider our stay at the Park Lane to be the high point of our European vacation.	
Apr 27 2005	Not really a 5* ...	I stayed in the Park Lane Sheraton Hotel from the 22nd to the 25th of April. I was expecting a real 5* hotel according to the Sheraton label it had. From the outside it just seemed like a typical London &quot;grand&quot; hotel. The first impression came from the fact that upon enterring there was no reception area, but rather a big hall. Then we had to cross a sitting room/bar and then after another door, we reached a small area and found the reception on the right. Apparently the &quot;main&quot; entrance was in a back street and not on Picadilly itself. After the (very) multinational staff handled some discussions with angry customers in front of us, we were assigned a room on the 1st floor. Upon reaching it, we discovered that the room was so tiny we could bearily open both our suitcases, and the &quot;view&quot; was to a very tiny courtyard. We went back to receptin and this time we had a room on the last floor with park view. That was the good thing. But the room was of the same size, but this time the bathroom was even smaller then the previous. Two adults couldn't be both inside, unless one was in the bath tub...The bed was small (and I'm a small guy...) but very confortable.I know it was supposed to be a standard room but I think Sheraton's standards went to low in this hotel.Anyway, if I had payed this room (which I actually didn't...) I would considered it a VERY bad deal, regarding the relation quality/price shown.For someone that knows Sheraton hotels in Portugal, this particular one was very disapointing. There surelly must have better hotels in the same price range in London. Look for them !	
Apr 14 2005	Would never go back again	Someone broke into my hotel room the first day of my stay. We carried all our valuable belongings with us so nothing was stolen, but it was still a very unpleasant thing to get after paying so much for the room.But credit goes to the staff for handling the situation well. Great location and excellent continental breakfast.	
Apr 10 2005	Wonderful service and old charm!	After reading all bad reviews I was a little hesitant to book the hotel..however: me and my daughter spent 3 wonderful days at Park Lane Hotel. The room was oversized and we had a view over Green Park. The bed was the best hotelbed I ever slept in and I have stayed at hundreds of hotels worldwide. The hotel is old and it is not it perfect shape BUT it has charm and the staff was extremely helpful and nice and the location could not be better! The continental breakfast was very nice, but quite expensive, as it is in most hotels in London. Mrs. Camilla Lejon, Sweden.	
Apr 6 2005 	Not worth the money!!	Very dissapointing for the price and Sheraton quality. Bed was awful and old. AC vent was squeky and had to call for fixing. Bathroom heated floor was on despite the summer heat. Room looks faded and hallways smells a bit. Business center has nothing working. Poor value.	
Mar 29 2005	Not worth the money!	Location was great and that was all that was good about this hotel. The room we stayed in was weird, old and not up the hype. The a/c didnt work and the entire floor was heated when it was already 75F outside. We were disapointed with the service staff who told you only what they thought you wanted to hear (not the truth).	
Mar 24 2005	Enjoyed our stay	My wife and I just returned from a fabulous vacation to London. I was nervous about staying at the Park Lane after reading many of the reviews on this site. However, we found our stay to be wonderful. The room we were in was what I would call an &quot;oversized king&quot;. They called it a suite. But, still, it was very spacious. It had a huge bathroom with marble countertops, a huge enclosed shower stall, and separate tub. The room overlooked Green Park. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. The heated towel rack was a welcome bonus during a frigid February.We stayed six nights and got to know the ins and outs of the hotel. The staff was always friendly and helpful.The best part of the hotel, though, was it's location. It was ideal to be centered in London. You are two blocks from the Green Park tube stop. You can catch one of three tube lines there and be anywhere in Central London in a matter of minutes. Overall, I would give this hotel a huge &quot;thumbs up&quot;. Our final night in London was at the Rennaissance Gatwick (our flight was early the next morning). One night at that Rennaissance made us appreciate the Park Lane Sheraton even more.	
Mar 22 2005	Nice tea rooms shame about the kettles	The Park Lane Sheraton is not a bad hotel. It has a lovely Palm Court for afternoon teas and late night drinks and it is very convenient. I had to stay at the last minute and I quite like collecting Starwoods points. The trouble was the reception staff were a little brusque and there were a few things that made it not quite as good as it could be - not least they were going to charge me £5 just to have a kettle in my room (they didn't charge me in the end because I pointed out that I'd got my own teabags!), but at that cost, you'd think it would be better. The faucets (taps) in the bathroom were stiff, the light bulb had blown, not major I know, but again, a little disappointing. The concierge was very helpful and all round it was an okay experience.	
Mar 13 2005	Really nice London hotel	I just came back from the most comfortable five night stay at the Park Lane Hotel on Pickadilly. Don't listen to the complainers on this site, as I almost did. This hotel does not deserve the bum rap given it. This is a lovely, well located hotel with a staff that is anxious to please. All of the concierges were very helpful, they went way out of their way to help us. You can't beat its beds, they are by Sheraton, so are Sweet Sleepers and sooooo welcome after a long flight. Our room was very spacious, fresh and clean with a lovely luxurious feel to it. It slept three full sized people easily with one on a comfy pull out couch. We had no problems with room temperatures even though it was freezing outside. I was pleased to find that the hotel really was within easy walking distance of fabuous shopping, dining and the Green Park tube station. Walking to the legendary shopping around Mayfair and Bond Street was a pleasure and we even found walking to some theatres a possibility. Hop on/ hop off bus tours start at the Green Park tube station so joining a tour was simple.We were able to stroll over to Fortnum and Mason's for breakfast or tea before stopping in at Hatchard's, the peerless old bookstore next door to it. The Burlington Arcade and the Ritz are also nearby as is Buckingham Palace. Sometimes we ate at one of the charming places in the old Shepard's Market area which is tucked directly behind the Park Lane. It's a delightful warren of old, old buildings with interesting shops, restaurants and period pubs. The Park Lane is next door to the very pricey Atheneum Hotel and just down from the Japanese Embassy. It overlooks Green Park though I would suggest a room a bit back rather than overlooking the park, simply for peace and quiet as Picadilly is a main road for all its elegance. Even the best hotels can not silence sirens going by in the middle of the night.I would have no hesitation going back. My teenage son declared that he &quot;loved it&quot; and I would agree. My mother, age 85 who was with us, and I have stayed at some fabulous hotels in our times, in New York, London and elsewhere. This is a very nice hotel.	
Mar 1 2005	Sheraton Park Lane Wanted to Charge Me for a Tea Maker	Stayed at this hotel last weekend for a two night stay. I noticed that the room did not have a tea maker. I called room service and was told that the cost for room service to provide a tea maker would be 5 pounds plus a delivery charge plus VAT. In addition if I needed the tea bags restocked the next day there would be an additional charge of something like 4 pounds. I had to talk to a manager to get this outreageous charge dropped. He actually tried to say that no London hotels provide tea makers anymore.The room itself was small and dim (60 watt bulbs, very difficult to read with them). The bed was comfortable and the location is nice but it is hard to recommend it.	
Jan 29 2005	loved the park lane	My daughter and I have just returned from London and it was our pleasure to stay at the Park Lane. I had mixed feelings about whether I had done the right thing booking this hotel as only read the poor reviews after booking and paying as travel agent had said it would be very nice. We stayed for a total of four nights beforepicking up our tour to Europe and it was excellent in every way, comfy beds, beautifully appointed(standard room), great breakfast and close to the centre of london(10 minutes to Picadilly!!	
Jan 26 2005	Great location some great room/some tired	I stayed 4 nights in August 2004. The hotel location is great -- a few blocks from the Tube and walking distance to Piccadilly Circus and theatres.The staff is friendly and typically English.We spent 2 nights in a room that was quite tired and in need of renovation, though clean. It was of average size by English standards. We had some very noisy neighbors and were then switched to a really super room -- nice and newly decorated, and big and comfortable. This was frustrating for us since we are Starwood Gold and should have been upgraded to a better room from the start (the hotel was not full that week).	
Jan 25 2005	great location rooms are a mixed bag	just got back from 3 days there. When we arrived, the hotel was full and we were placed in a room that really smelled moldy, however, the personnel did a good job trying to fix the problem. The bathroom was very small and cramped. My husband is Starwood Platinum, so luckily the next day (when there was room in the hotel) we were able to be upgraded to a suite - which we were very happy with.Overall, as many people have stated, the hotel is in need of a renovation. But some of the fun is its art deco feel. The location is great and convenient to many things. One thing, if you want some quiet, ask to be placed on the back side (non park side) of the hotel - you might get an earful around pub closing time (that is unless they change it to the proposed 24 hr rule).....	
Jan 1 2005	The Good the Bad...and the Odd!	Just returned from four nights at the Park Lane. The GOOD I would say is the staff who we found to be very friendly and helpful and the fact that the location is fantastic. The BAD would be the rooms. Our room stayed unbelievably hot and the temperature control in the room did not work. We solved that problem by leaving our windows open. The bathroom was so small it was hard to maneuver in and the sink constantly backed up and took a long time to drain. The carpet was in need of replacement but the beds did have white down comforters which appeared to be new. As posted by others, the ODD part is that the back door is the front door which is quite strange but you CAN enter thru the main street entrance (if you are walking, not driving or riding) although you have to walk through the bar/restaurant area to get to the lobby and &quot;lifts&quot;. The hotel is very old and these problems exist because of of that so if you like old hotels and don't mind being without the best of &quot;modern conveniences&quot; then I can recommend this hotel. However, if you're looking for a four or five star hotel by American standards, I would look elsewhere.	
Jan 1 2005	Wonderful staff - nice traditional hotel	After staying at the Park Lane on several occasions I feel that the hotel has received many unfair reviews and I feel obliged to provide my comments. I have found the staff at the Park Lane to be very helpful and friendly overall and, although some of the rooms are not up to the standard of some of the top 5 star hotels in London, I have found the Reception staff to be helpful when I was not totally happy the room assigned to me. The new Sweet Sleeper beds have greatly improved the quality of the hotel's beds and I am aware that there is a room by room renovation taking place which will hopefully help to erase some of the problem rooms other trip advisor readers have encountered. If you are expecting a brand new, modern 5 star hotel then I believe that the Park Lane might not be for you. On the other hand if you enjoy the atmosphere of traditional hotels with a comfortable and relaxed feel then I would recommend that you give the Park Lane a chance.	
Dec 28 2004	Very disappointing	The Park Lane is in a beautiful location but once you enter the front door (which is oddly in the back) things go down hill. I was in a junior suite and the room bordered on dirty -- it was certainly dank. The bathroom was nice but otherwise the room was disappointing -- the bed was not as comfortable as to be expected for the price. Further, on one night the fire alarm went off in the hotel every twenty minutes or so. While a one-time technical problem is going to happen on occassion, what was unacceptable was the staff's reaction -- indifference. (No explanation or apology ever came!)I would not stay here again despite my loyalty to the Starwood program.	
Oct 31 2004	Suites great standard rooms mediocre	One of the grand old London hotels, which still has its charm - a good location, the lovely oak room for drinks... But a small reception, surprisingly at the back of the hotel (so you have to carry your own bags through the hotel from the main entrance on the main road, Piccadilly, as there's no-one there to help) unless you take a cab and arrive down the tiny back street.I first stayed here in Sept as an 'ordinary' guest. Well, Starwood Gold status, but that didn't seem to count for anything - no upgrades offered. The room was mediocre - the shower didn't work, neither did the plug in the basin; the room itself was comfortable enough, but everything was on the old and faded side, and there was no view.And then I reached Starwood Platinum status, and my following two stays have seen me upgraded to suites. Both huge, beautiful, incredily comfortable - absolutely fantastic rooms.Overall, feels like the place needs some investment.	
Oct 28 2004	Outstanding Hotel	During the last week of March 04, we (me, my wife, and my sister) stayed 6 nights in one of Sheraton Park Lane Hotels triple rooms. The accommodations were outstanding. Matter of fact, everything about this hotel was outstanding. Full breakfast was included with the cost of the room. The entire staff were extremely polite and friendly. The hotel is located on Picaddilly Street just across from Green Park. We were within walking distance of many locations (10 minutes to the nearest metro stop; 15 minutes to Picaddilly Square; 15 minutes to Buckingham Palace; 25 minutes to Westminster Abbey; and 3 minutes to the Hard Rock Cafe). We would definitely recommend staying at the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel.	
Oct 22 2004	At best this is a 3 star hotel	I stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton for 3 nights in October. This is one of the worst Sheraton hotels I've ever stayed at. My room was a large executive corner room but it looked and was furnished more like a hospital room than a &quot;5-star luxury&quot; as it is advertised! The carpet was old and dirty, air-conditioning was not working, some of the tiles in the bathroom were dirty and broken, the TV set was small, and the furniture looked right out of a Days Inn! There is no lobby to talk about, only an old dark dingy bar with very expensive menu items!This is at best a 3-star hotel and not worth the price (I got a 3 for 2 deal at the Starwood but still end up paying about $300/night)	
Oct 22 2004	The worst 5 star hotel in london	One of my ambitions whilst on this mortal coil is to stay at least one night in every 5 star hotel in london.It was my great misfortune to choose 3 nights in this one.The room was stale,shabby,shoddy and some other word begining with an s.When the check out staff ask if I enjoyed my stay I would normally be quite neutral if I wasent happy(a very british trait) but on this occasion I just told the truth.The answer I got was that the staff had been told that a refurb was to take place next year.In all just not good enough.Sheraton should be bold enough to downgrade this place to a three star untill said refurb happens.	
Oct 19 2004	Sheraton should be ashamed	My wife stayed here for 3 days - we had prebooked/prepaid on the starwood site - wish we hadnt - she looked at 3 different rooms all were awful, dirty and dingy - in the end realised we had thrown away the money so she choose to stay. The final room at least didnt have mould in it!! nor did it have a fridge just a hole where it should have been - what on earth is Sheraton doing with this piece of rubbish it reflects very badly on their brand - we gather from staff comments that sheraton is fighting with the actual owner/landlord so probably zero money being spent and boy does it show	
Oct 5 2004	Park Lane Home for the Infirm !!	I had the misfortune of staying at the Park Lane, but thank goodness it was for one night only. Wandering about the hallways of the fifth floor I was struck by a pungent stench that one would normally associate with the aftermath of a fire.The smell had permeated into my room and I suspect, everyone else's. The room !! how can I describe it... furnished like a council-run nursing home, except nursing homes probably have standards of basic cleanliness to adhere to.Filthy, Smelly, Shabby and Very Basic, a succcinct summary I'd say.	
Sep 24 2004	perfect location and professional staff	perfect location for travels around london. lot of food and nightlife within blocks and the hotel is very nice. the staff was very attentive and warm. being a starwood platinum, my room was exceptional . It is a bargain compared to some of the hotels around the area, after all you are in the mayfair!!!..kudos to the staff and cheers	
Sep 19 2004	Great location lousy room	Stayed here on a weekend night in September. Can't beat the location but the room, oh, the room. Dingy, dank, drab and downright awful. Had a lovely view of the hotel's flat roof chock full of machinery and ventilation equipment making an awful racket, which dissipated -- along with any chance of fresh air -- only when I closed the double-glazed window. Bed was too soft and very uncomfortable. Carpet was stained beyond belief. I had an &quot;Endless Weekend&quot; package with a 10 p.m. late checkout. Reception disavowed any knowledge of the late checkout until I threatened to flash my confirmation notice. Watch out for surcharge on toll-free numbers from the room. It's 50 pence a minute! Sheraton should be ashamed to lend its name to this establishment.	
Sep 18 2004	Better at B	Just finishing up a one week stay at Park Lane. Chose to stay here because this is my parents first and probably only visit to London, and desired the central location, and moreover, wanted the comforts expected from a paying 200 pounds or more per night.Very dissappointed. First off, Mattresses were horrible. They are apparently in the process of replacing, and we requested a different room and got one with a much better bed, but don't expect to need to do that.Further dissapointments insued. Promised included full breakfast was *not* included, because we had taken advantage of a sale on the Sheraton website. What a rip-off, the sale said nothing about reductions in normal accomodations!Heat control is completely broken off in our room. Doesn't work at all. In my parents room, they had to request a service person plane off the edge of their door, as they couldn't get it shut without slamming it. Carpets in room are very old and dirty. Our bed cover has cigarette burns. Numerous problems with bath/plumbing functionality. Overall, I've had much better experiences in London for half the price or less.	
Sep 15 2004	Large room but dark and dingy	Stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton for three nights in May 2004. Although my room was quite large, especially for London, it was dark and dingy with the only window facing another wall of the hotel. Very poor lighting in the room, carpeting and bed covers appeared old and worn. No phone line at the only desk in the room, so had to sit on the bed to use dial-up for my computer. The front desk informed me that there was a flat fee for using dial-up, but it turned out that applied only when the access number to the ISP was a toll-free number. As mine was a local (London) number, imagine my surprise when I was hit with over 100 pounds in charges for internet access. Many better choices in London.	
Sep 14 2004	Worst Sheraton Hotel	Can't believe Sheraton has this hotel. It's the worst hotel I ever stay at the Sheraton. Don't get fool by the outside, it should be rated less than 3 stars!!! Never again	
Sep 14 2004	an adequate choice	Our family of 3 stayed here Sept 3-8. I was quite pleasantly surprised, after such negative reviews, to find such a decent hotel. Overall I'd rate it adequate, not extraordinary, and we had very few problems.We stayed free on Starpoints. Oherwise I don't know what we would have done. London is EXTREMELY expensive, so I'm glad we didn't have to look into finding someplace cheaper. I tried to reserve for 3 and found out late that our reservation was for 2. To get a larger room which would accomodate a cot cost an upgrade 1,000 points and an additional 45 pounds. But it was certainly worth it. The confusion was my fault, not the hotel's.I was ready for the worst when I saw a huge stain in the rug in the reception area, but that was the last I saw of wear and tear. Our room was on the northwest corner so no view. But it was blissfully quiet, while the rooms facing Green Park probably are noisy all night, due to lots of motorcycles in town. The room and halls and common rooms seemed clean and well maintained. The housekeeping staff are all young Russiians. Even the machines in the exercise room all worked. Our room had central airconditioning, which we kept on. It was quite sunny and warm and very humid all the time we were there, and the A/C let us sleep well at night. A/C was very easy to adjust. My wife and son are allergic to mold, but there was not the least trace of it, even in the heat and humidity.The room was large enough that we could move around easily even with the cot in place. The bathroom was large and brilliant, with a huge shower separate from the bath. Lots of closet space, but not quite enough drawer space for the 3 of us.The location as noted is fabulous. The Green Park underground station is about 200 yards east, and the station is on the Picadilly line, which runs straight from the airport. We hauled our heavy suitcases on the train and up the stairs and escalators in the tube stations, and then it was an easy downhill roll along a wide sidewalk to the hotel. But the reception area of the hotel is in the back on Brick Street, which they don't tell you until you have lugged your suitcases up and down stairs and through the Palm Court. A simple sign at the front door would have been helpful.I choked at prices for small purchases through London, so we tried not to eat at the hotel. A continental buffet at 14 pounds and full breakfast at 18 pounds ruined my appetite. So we took a short stroll a few blacks east with all the well dressed young Londoners to the Starbucks and had a good breakfast for about 6 pounds. I actually preferred the Pret-a-Manger store right next to it, where there is a lot more choice. Right at the Green Park station in a large Marks and Spencer food shop, with a huge selection of lunch munchies and keep in your room goodies. One of the best features of the hotel location in its proximity to Shepard Market, an area of winding little streets packed with small international restaurants and pubs. We ate there 3 times, the Turkish being the best. There's even a Polish/Mexican place. That's London. An easy way into the maze is to walk north on White Horse Street, 2 blocks east of the hotel.All in all a decent place to stay.	
Sep 3 2004	Pleasantly surprised...	Visited July 17-20, first time in London. I work in the hotel/hospitality industry and can be very picky. Booked our room and then stumbled across this website. Saw the previous reviews and was a bit hesitant, but stayed anyway. Upon arrival to the hotel at 8am, they pleasantly checked us in (we expected having to wait until later.) Our room was a bit small (and after seeing the fire escape floor plan on the back of the door - we were in the smallest room on that floor). However, still very manageable. The room was clean, nicely decorated, and the bed and its linens perfect. Bathroom was clean and stark (not a whole lot of decor.) Water pressure amazing. The bath robes &amp; towels were super thick and luxurious. We had a portable AC unit in the room that worked great, however, we ended up keeping the window open most of the time since it was pleasant weather. The view - non-existant. The location - THE BEST. Close to the Metro so you can be anywhere, anytime. Had afternoon tea in the Palm Court...server was incredibly courteous and the food great. It is an old building - so floors may creak, etc. - but I think that adds to the charm. Ultimately we enjoyed our stay and would go back.	
Aug 24 2004	Still a good choice.	On my first night there was a power cut,[national grid failed] and then at 4.30 am all the fire alarms went off and this repeated every hour till breakfast. After this nightmare start the management refunded our room for that night and sent up fruit etc.As a frequent visitor to London i would recommend this hotel, it is in a perfect location, has lots of friendly staff and has clean and well presented rooms. The only downsides are the poor AC and the fact that not all rooms have a park view. Forget about the expense, this applies to every other hotel in the city;both the Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental are better but twice the price.A final note on our first night, on leaving our mini bar charge was waived and we received a letter when we got home explaining about the nature of the power failure. I thought the management did everything they could to make our stay pleasant and would stay here again.	
Aug 8 2004	never again	i read the bad reviews but still stayed there a mistake! the un-view thru our window was a dead end courtyard with a mass of pipes and ventilation units. We were there in very late summer and it was warm . there was no a/c, with the windows open to the nasty courtyard no way of getting air from the outside in.We immediatly tired to switch our room the hotel was sold out and were exhausted wrom a long flight so were basically stuck. The location was very good but the Dickensian room for the $$$ we paid was not worth it.	
Aug 4 2004	exists on past reputation	stayed 19, 20 july 2004. very disappointed. room dank, food in hallway for hours, lost our luggage,air cond barely worked, rug in room soiled. friendly staff, but could not get near front desk for check-out.this hotel needs new upgrades and managementIF you decide to stay here, see the room first. GREAT LOCATION.........	
Jul 26 2004	Treated Royally	To be able to walk across the street to St James Park, stroll through the park and arrive at Buckingham Place...what a great location.Walking through the Palm Court made you feel &quot;regal&quot; yet comfortably at home. Breakfast at Bracewells offered wide variety with excellent service. Anne Mitchell was a delight, who upon seeing you for the second time, made you feel as if you were talking to an old friend.Our room was very comfortable, many amenities...from the spaciousness of the room to the heated bath towel rack and the luxuriously enveloping bathrobes. When calling room service, the phone was answered addressing you by name, making you truly feel as if the entire hotel staff was there to only service you.From reservations to checkout, thank you to the staff of the Park Lane for making my 15 year old's debut &quot;across the pond&quot; so special and memorable!	
Jul 24 2004	If it's free (with points) it's a good choice	After reading the reviews, we were concerned about our stay at the Park Lane, using Sheraton points. But we were given a nice size room with enough space for an extra bed and a good sized bathroom. All the criticisms about the hotel are valid -- but it all depends on whether you are paying for the room or not -- ours was free and it was well air conditioned and ventilated so we were luckier than a number of the reviewers. The hotel does need some refurbishment on the guest floors. The staff was prompt and helpful -- placing an extra bed (and linens) in the room immediately. The front desk was helpful but a little slow on the uptake; concierge was helpful. Location is terrific; food at hotel incredibly overpriced and not worth it....if you don't; care about being served, go 2 blocks north to the &quot;pret a manger&quot; chain and get a good breakfast for a fraction of the cost. Lobby (Palm Court) is NOT welcoming at all unless you are going to order drinks and smoke. CONCLUSION: great for a free stay; needs improvement if you're paying the high rack rate.	
Jul 23 2004	Great stay and great way to use starpoints	We stayed here in April-2004 and had a great time. The trick to exchange Starpoints for expensive locations and pay money for inexpensive hotels (during promotional periods to earn extra starpoints). This is a category 4 hotel so we need 10k points a night for a regular room, but only 11.5k a night for a suite, which I gladly did. Starwood only require 1500 points to upgrade. Since I'm a platinum member, they upgraded us to a very nice suite overlooking green park and Buckingham Palace.This suite is one of the best rooms we've ever stayed at and we stay around 50 nights a year in hotels. The Park Lane's location is unbeatable. A short walking distance to Buckingham Palace and just 15 minutes leisurely stroll to Big Ben and London Eye. Rode the double-decker bus to Picadilly Circus and walked back to the hotel from there. No need for a car if you stay here. The regular rooms are kinda small but my friend did not experience anything negative. We came with small children and had no problems getting in and out with our strollers. You must request a park view room, if not the view of an alley could be depressing.The Park Lane is also a short walk to Nobu restaurant in the Metropolitan hotel. This is the best sushi restaurant in London by the most famous sushi chef in America, Nobu Matsuhisa.London is an expensive city and you get what you pay for. In this case we exchanged our 11.5k points for a room worth over $1000 usd. If you were to use 10k points for example The Westin Cancun, your exchange would've only been for $80 usd. That's what I call a smart way to use points.	
Jul 19 2004	Great Location Bad for US $	We stayed here in early July and had a great time! Once we figured out that taking the Tube from Heathrow was fun, but a problem pulling luggage up Green Park underground stairs, we found the hotel a short downhill roll of the baggage. Only a 5 minute walk from Buckingham palace. (For some reason the Queen forgot to leave my name at the door for High Tea.) Beds, room, cleanliness, and service just fine. The bathroom was very clean, and the showers above average. There was a rather funny dehumidifier type of air cooling that was a portable unit that had to be used with the window open. It shut off automatically every 2 hours thru the night when it filled with water.By the second night I had it figured out so that I could empty the tray in the toilet so airconditioning would start again. Rather funny, but a small price to pay for the location.The price, however, is a shock to Americans. The room quality would have been 75 to 100$ or so in USA , but in London it cost $300/night with a 50% off coupon!The staff was excellent and we were able to walk a block for great sandwiches and coffee. The Tube makes travel around London very easy.We were prepared for the worst after reading the reviews, but were very happy with the hotel. I would gladly stay there again ( If we get Democrats back in the White House to improve the Dollar to Pound exchange.)	
Jun 3 2004	Not worth the $$	I stayed at the Park Lane Sheraton in February, 2004, and thought that the hotel was very overpriced for the room and service provided. Our room was tiny, the bathroom was drafty and the staff was rude and unhelpful. The location is great, but in the future I would rather stay at a more charming hotel, even if it is a few minutes farther from a tube stop.	
May 25 2004	Kept an open mind after reading reviews	I read all the reviews and still booked a room for our stay in early April. Our room the first night was just as bad as some people had written. No ventilation (there was a portable self contained ventilation unit) and the shower was not really a shower at all with no place to hang the hand held nozzle and only half a shower curtain. The staff was very accomodating and did give us a better room for the remaining 4 nights of our stay. A room with a real shower and bedspreads that were newer and a normal ventilation unit. After that we had no complaints. It was a good location and we were able to use Starwood points for a free night. We paid 132 pounds which included breakfast. I wouldn't stay there again unless I had a very good deal. Be careful on the free night. Breakfast wasn't included on our last free night using Starwood points and we got stuck paying $70 for a cold continental breakfast. Very expensive city. Harrods souvenirs are cheaper at the duty free shop at Heathrow than they are at the store. Wish I had waited.	
May 1 2004	Sad that such a beautiful hotel has such horrid rooms!	I am a Starwood Platinum member and travel frequently. This hotel is in a great location and has beautiful common/public areas, but the rooms are HUGELY disappointing. First, they put me in a &quot;suite&quot; because I am platinum. Evidentally, they think bigger is better. The entire hotel needs a new HVAC system because it smells musty and moldy... which is terrible for me because I have allergies and asthma. Anyway the suite had nice square footage, but was in dreadful condition... wallpaper peeling off, paint chipped off on all the doorways, A/C in the living area was broken (they brought-up a fan, the bedding I swear was from 1984...dusty drapes, dusty, dirty! The whole room seemed dirty. I didn't sleep a wink. The next night (after begging for something which didn't smell musty!) they moved me to an &quot;Executive&quot; room which they claim had been renovated. Turns out, it still smelled bad and and had the same old dirty bedding and curtains, but the furntiture was newer. I guess renovation means newer furniture! I left after three nights with almost a full-blown cold...sneezing, coughing etc. Now, I am happily at another hotel. To me if you are on business in London, you want a decent place to be in the evenings and you need GOOD sleep! This place is old and dirty. I have one word for them ... RENOVATE!!! The location is fabulous though, with all the Shepherd's Market restuarants and Pubs around the corner.	
Apr 16 2004	Overall OK	We stayed at the Park Lane Hotel in early April. First of all, the hotel is in a great location if you are there to sightsee. It is within very close walking distance from Hyde Park, Green Park, Buckingham Palace, and the Westminster (Big Ben) area. There is also a tube stop (Green Park) a few blocks away so getting to areas such as the Tower of London, Notting Hill, or Kensington is not a problem at all. Frankly, that is the most important to me, since I was not there to hang out in the hotel bar and spend hours upon hours in my room. Secondly, the staff is overall very friendly, especially the concierge and the bellhops. They knew the city well and were able to provide good recommendations and advice. The hotel inside is attractive, but didn't seem to be very busy. The lobby is somewhat smoky (to be expected in Europe I suppose), but seems to be popular for afternoon tea (albeit very pricey, especially for those spending the equivalent of American dollars). Our room was good, nothing spectacular, it was a bit stuffy, but that was easily solved by opening a window, it was small by American standards, but as long as I can sleep there and open my suitcase, who cares how big the room is? I didn't see any peeling paint, our furniture seemed good enough. So overall, a 4, as nothing really wowed me and perhaps it was expensive for what you get, but nothing was overly bad and the location was tough to beat.	
Apr 7 2004	look elsewhere	stayed here at the end of march 2004. i was expecting more from this hotel and was not impressed with it at all. the entrance is in an alleyway behind the main drag, and when we did go in to the hotel from the main street, we had to pass through the lounge area. not very convenient for us. the room was overlooking green park, which was nice...but inside, the carpet right outside the bathroom was soaking wet, and the bathtub veneer was peeling. not so nice.this hotel is ok, but not for the price, and it shouldn't be considered a 5 star property. i've stayed in nicer 3-star ones.	
Apr 6 2004	What a dump.	Normally I love Sheraton Hotels. That's how I accumulated the Starwood points I redeemed to stay at the Park Lane Hotel on a recent vacation to London. I was, however, extremely disappointed in this hotel. The lobby is gorgeous (although very smoky), and the service was exceptional, but our room was simply disgusting. It was dark, it smelled musty, the carpet looked old and dirty, and the furniture reminded me of the Fayetteville, NC Four Points Hotel in which I stayed 3 years ago. The bathroom was a joke. The paint around the pipes was peeling off. There was nowhere to put anything and there was nowhere to hang towels by the single sink. The shower had good water pressure, but the water temperature kept fluctuating (picture scalding hot water whenever someone flushed the toilet). The room had a relatively large closet - too bad we couldn't see anything inside it because the light was so dim. There were dead flies in the ceiling light, and live ones flying around the room waiting to join them. The only good things about the room were the towels and bedding. The sheets were obviously very high quality sheets, the blanket was 100% wool, and the pillows were soft down-filled and huge. Too bad the bed was as hard as a door, and our &quot;double&quot; bed consisted of two twin beds pushed together and covered with a sheet. The join of the two mattresses made it feel like we were sleeping on a pull out sofa bed. All this, and the rack rate of 330 GBP (well over $600 at the current exchange rate), or 10,000 starwood points a night. What an absolute insult.	
Apr 6 2004	Not a 5 star hotel !!!!!!!!	The hotel was nothing like a 5 star hotel. The service was terrible, and the facilities were in poor repair (only 1 elevator was working for the entire hotel much of the time). Considering I paid over $13K for a standard room for the 3 weeks I was there I was not at all impressed! If this is a 5 star hotel I do not want to stay at a 3 star!	
Apr 2 2004	5-stars???	This hotel is good, but I would not consider it a 5-star hotel. Its location in Mayfair is absolutely great. However, don't be deceived by the hotel's name...it is actually not located on Park Lane. The hotel's entrance is 2 small blocks from Park Lane (on Piccadilly, right in front of Green Park). The rooms are a bit dated and not as clean as you would expect a Sheraton room to be. In short, I don't think this hotel is worth the regular rack rates!!	
Mar 23 2004	great location room not so great	Visited London in February. The hotel appeared very nice upon arrrival. Very friendly staff. Went up to the room and was very disappointed with it. We had a package deal through Virgin Atlantic and it was apparent that we were given an inferior room. The room had not been modernized in many years. Torn wall paper, paint on the curtains, caulk missing around tub, very old carpeting, damaged furniture etc. For our first experience at a 5 star hotel I can tell you this room was no better than a 3 star. The hotel staff was nice and breakfast was great. I would not stay there if visiting again. I am sure I could find a nicer place for the money. I would suspect those who have given a favorable response stayed in the rooms shown on their web site. I can assure you my room did not resemble any of those rooms in the slightest and I suspect that all of us who travelled with a so called discount group were relegated to the worst rooms.The best thing about the hotel was location.	
Mar 13 2004	A "historic" hotel	Historic hotel in a good location 400 m from Buckingham Palace. Last renovation of rooms probably 20, 30 years ago. If you would like to know how they lived here 30 years a go, this is rthe place to go. The bed was unbelievable short and unsuitable for anybody taller than 1,7 m. Hard to believe that the rooms meet the quality criteria of Starwoods.	
Mar 8 2004	Christmas in London	Just around Christmas, my husband and I took our two small children on a trip to London, and we thoroughly enjoyed the Sheraton Park Lane and received very special attentions as guests. We were allowed to look at a couple rooms to see if they would be acceptable becauseour initial room was smoky. In addition to that, the conceirge wasextremely helpful. I cannot even to expalin how wonderful Full English Breakfast was (which was included) each morning. Very excellent service in the dining room. This is an overall excellent hotel which is beautiful and well maintained. It is in a superb location, and I would certainly return there for any future visits to London. I must admit that I was a little bit nervous given the reviews on Trip Advisor, but I was pleasantly surprised by this historic and lovely property.	
Feb 16 2004	Beautiful historic hotel	This is a beautiful hotel. It is quite historic and has a great location. I was a little worried from some of the reviews, but people who understand other cultures realize standards (size of rooms, styles) are different. The service we received was excellent, the room overlooking the park spacious for a large city and the staff was very helpful. We enjoyed our stay tremendously due to the quality and location of the Sheraton Park Lane. We highly recommend it.	
Jan 31 2004	Perfect location excellent place to stay!!	We spent 8 nights at this hotel in mid January 2004 and we couldn't have been happier with the service we received. We were surprised when we arrived to see that they had set up an extra bed in the room for my toddler because we hadn't requested it since their website stated they would charge extra per night for the extra bed. We were not charged extra and my daughter was thrilled to have her own special bed. The concierges were fabulously helpful with all of our needs from giving us directions to setting up a babysitter. By the way, the babysitting service they provide is above and beyond what we expected. They use people who work in the hotel (who they obviously trust) to babysit and they don't overcharge for the service! Our room was kept spotless during our entire stay and while in the room we were thrilled to realize that we couldn't hear a peep from the other rooms. Once during our stay we decided to *experience* afternoon tea at the hotel and even though we didn't have reservations we were cordially shown to a comfortable table in the middle of the room so we could admire our surroundings. We would definitely stay here again and I highly recommend this hotel to other vacationers.	
Jan 26 2004	NOT a Five Star Hotel	I stayed in this hotel in January 2004 and was not at all impressed. I booked it on expedia for about $200/night. Expedia claimed that this was a five star hotel. I was most definitely not a five star hotel. The lobby was nice and the staff a bit stuffy but pleasant, but the room was pretty darn awful. If the ratings went by the room alone, this would have been a three star hotel at best. The room always felt damp (even though it was the middle of January). I think it is beacuse there is no ventilation system at all. In addition, the carpet was old, worn, and dirty. Same with the walpaper. It just had a very old look and the whole room desperately needed a deep cleaning. Bedding was old as well. It just didn't feel clean. I have stayed at another hotel in London that claimed to be five stars (the Howard--Swissotel), and that hotel was MUCH cleaner and newer. It was a bit more expensive but worth it. The only good thing about the Sheraton Park Lane is the location. It is very close to the tube (I would say three blocks). It is also close to a grocery store and a Starbucks. The location is very safe. Overall, I wouldn't recommend the place unless they renovate all the rooms.	
Jan 17 2004	Bad!	We spent 5 nights here. I would not ever go back. Very disappointing. Lousy hotel. Needs to be totally renovated. Uncaring staff, lousy unfriendly concierges. The only thing nice was the location. Next time I'll stay in another hotel in the same area. Stay elsewhere!	
Dec 11 2003	Not what we expected	The hotel was OK... nothing special. Glad we used our Starpoints for a hefty discount otherwise we would have been quite disappointed by the hotel and the service. Reasonably convenient - although we will not be going back again.	
Dec 2 2003	had to upgrade	great location (walking distance to many of the major sights &amp; hot spots) overlooking a beautiful park with nice, helpful staff. we got a discounted rate on the standard room but had to upgrade to an executive room for an extra $75/night. the upgrade was absolutely worth it, but the total price was not (definately not worth the rack rate). the original standard room we checked into was old and smelled of mold. the bathroom had cracked tiles, moldy shower curtains, a chipped sink, and a dirty floor. the sleeping area was nice with a large walk-in closet but the bathroom made it necessary to leave. the executive room was spacious, well lit, with better furnishings and had a nice, modern, and clean bathoom (separate shower and tub and dual sink countertop). this room also had a safe which came in handy.	
Nov 23 2003	OK Hotel not worth Rack Rate	Upon Arrival I was shown my room and was not impressed. The Room was old and smelled stale. (not antique but old--chips in the bathroom tile, rips in bedspread) The management was kind and tried to find me a better room but the hotel was fully booked. The Concierge on the other hand was very helpful. He lined up some great tours for me and found some great restauraunts in Sheperds Mareket for me.	
Oct 4 2003	Not worth it	First - let me say that I am a Starwood Platinum member and stay at Starwood Resorts over 60 nights a year (US and international). This is by far the worst one I stayed at.To start - the room was a large suit consisting of two rooms - both were very worn and smelled stale. I mean - it was ok for a 3 star or so, but that's about it. The AC was basically a very light fan that only worked in one room - I know other rooms didn't have AC or it just didn't work at all. I will give very high marks to the bathroom though - which was huge, modern and worked great.The location is Great ! in very safe place, very close to tube (like 3 blocks) and we just walked to a lot of shopping and sights.The Staff is really bad - very unhelpful. I see a lot of other reviews here that say the same thing - it was very true. The conceirge was almost funny in how unhelpful he was - no effort or care - and other staff members were not much better. The common areas are very stately and very nice however - I just had very bad experiences with the staff in these areas.I guess I would say that if you are actually paying full rates - it's just not worth it - you can get nicer places with nicer staff. If you are using points or a very discounted rate - it may be worth the chance. However I know I won't use my money or points here again.	
Sep 20 2003	Great Stay in early September	My husband and I stayed at the Park Lane for five nights after winning a bid on Priceline. It was my first time using Priceline and it worked great. We were given a nice room on the 4th floor with twin beds (we requested twin or king) and nonsmoking. Although we didn't have a view of anything other than a courtyard--it was nice and quiet and the window opened for fresh air. There was air-conditioning contrary to what other reviews said. Each room was comfortable and quite large. The bathroom was quite large, the shower good, and the hot water plentiful. The room came with an honor bar but i called down and asked them if I could use it for personal items and they sent housekeeping up and cleaned it out. I was able to use it all week that waywhich is nice with the little market down the street. it was an excellent location across from the park and close to the Green Park tube. Housekeeping was great and the room condition was quite acceptable. I would stay here again and recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 27 2003	Well worth the stay		
Aug 24 2003	Different Hotel?		
Aug 20 2003	Perfect location		
Jul 25 2003	Good stay at Park Lane		
Jun 19 2003	Best Hotel Yet!		
Jun 11 2003	Great hotel great location		
Feb 21 2003	Great Location and quite respected hotel		
Dec 12 2002	great location not cheap not motel 6		
Dec 8 2002	Staff Leaves A Lot To Be Desired		
Aug 7 2002	What a wonderful hotel		
Nov 20 2009 	Charme british désuet		
Sep 15 2009 	Clásico bien situado		
Jul 24 2009 	Buena ubicacion		
Jul 9 2009 	????????????????		
Jul 9 2009 	??????		
Apr 9 2009 	E' uno Sheraton..quindi di più non si può chiedere.		
Jan 15 2009 	Schrecklich		
Jan 2 2009 	scandale		
Nov 26 2008 	Die Sheraton Park Lane Katastrophe!!!		
Oct 22 2008 	Ist einem Sheraton nicht würdig.		
