Nov 22 2009 	Perfect location for visiting West End	The Hampshire faces north onto Leicester Square, the centre of theatreland in London, so it couldn't be more convenient. Museums, the Royal Academy, and all the shops of Picadilly and Regents Street are just around the corner. The staff are the hotel's crown jewels: always smiling, always asking if they could help, opening doors for my heavy luggage, getting taxis, etc. My room was well appointed, nicely decorated and an interesting shape - a nice change from the hotel boxes one usually finds from franchised hotels. I would stay there again in a minute.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great welcome and warmth at the Hampshire	My husband and I received an extremely warm welcome when we stayed at this hotel recently particularly from the check-in reception staff who couldn't do enough to make sure our stay was really comfortable. The room we were initially allocated was quite compact but once I mentioned this to the staff in the reception area, they did their best, and succeeded, to find a more comfortable room overlooking Leicester Square as requested. The service and friendliness throughout the length of our stay was equally top notch. The only things that prevent us giving the hotel five stars throughout is that we were given the wrong cocktails one evening and my husband had to send his cooked breakfast back one of the mornings as parts of it were overdone and some not cooked enough. I also had a slight issue that morning as some parts of my breakfast were missing when the plate arrived. Other than that a great place to stay. We will stay there again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Superb location - everything within walking distance	Wonderful location - door right on Leicester Square. London Eye &amp; Nelson's column visible from our hotel room window.They allowed us an early check in which was a very nice surprise.Room tasefully decorated and spacious for London standards!Our only complaint was hot breakfast was slow arriving, and then was cold when it did come, so we had to reorder. Lucky we were not in a rush to get out and sight see!!Other than that a pleasant stay had by all!	
Nov 10 2009 	mediocre	This hotel is mediocre for the 5 star it claims to be. No hot water in the room. The room service is extremely average. The burger was completely inedible and the pizza was a glorified frozen pizza cut up. Not impressed. If this hotel wants to keep attracting the business customer it needs to up its game. The rooms, however, are clean and comfortable.	
Nov 9 2009 	great! great! great!	I love this place! Why hadn't I stayed there before? It's my third time in London now. Location is great, rooms are wonderful, lobby bar is fantastic! I will come back definately. I want to say thank you to the hotel management! My stay couldn't be better!	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent service 	Fantastic location in Leicester Square. Plenty to see &amp; do in the vicinity and plenty of restaurants to choose from. The reception staff and particularly the concierge(s) could not have been more helpful.Room rate prbably a bit high but not bad for central London.	
Oct 28 2009 	Could NOT have been better!	I took my 11 year old son to London for a week in October to catch some EPL games and the NFL game in Wembley and I would highly recommend staying here if /when you plan to visit London. If you are a real sensitive sleeper or an anti-fun person then you might not agree because right outside is the hustle &amp; bustle of Leicester Square...where we loved grabbing ice-cream and munching on snacks at night while we watched London flash by. My son commented &quot;we're back home&quot; after running around town on the Tube all day when we ascended from the Leicester Square station and headed towards the hotel. Trafalgar Square &amp; Piccadilly Circus are a 1 minute walk and Covent Garden Market (where the street performers are) is less than a 5 minute walk. The staff were great as well....very attentive, eager to help with directions &amp; travel tips or whatever we needed, and just seemed generally pleased to have us there as guests. I can not pick out one flaw with this hotel or it's location....if you don't like it, then the flaw is with you.	
Oct 28 2009 	we love Daniel!	perfect location, juinor suit was beautiful, staff wonderful, Daniel on recption was outstanding!!!!!i'm a manager at a 80 bedroom hotel in Essex and the Hampshire made mine look like Fawlty Towers!!we will definitely be back!!see you soon.	
Oct 27 2009 	Needs updating brilliant location	Brilliant location for what we wanted to do. However, the room really needed updating, the mattress did not even fit the frame!!! And do not visit the hotel bar, such a rip off and they can't make cocktails.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great central location. Price reasonable with mid-week offers. Some service problems	Great central location - perfect for a mid-week theatre break and for the museums and galleries. Price (because of the special offer) approached other 5 star hotels in the area so seemed reasonable. Sadly, some service problems: - I booked a double-room but in the booking I added a note asking for a &quot;room for 2 people, ideally a twin&quot;. Reception explained doubles could not be converted to twins and weren't available even though I offered to pay the difference. I was disappointed that the double room had one towel, one cup etc. I rang and asked for it to be kitted for two and we did receive another towel and cup but only realised there was still only one teabag etc when we wanted them. For me, one teabag isn't 5 star service.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great. locationfriendly good value for money	The hotel is a great location for most of the shows ..the staff are always friendly .I have stayed there many times ,and any requests cot for my friends baby etc has been supplied with out fuss ...most views are great I think it is good value for money for such a location I think if the view is important to you ...you should request it My last visit mine was the.. London eye, Nelsons Column, Parliament .....now that is London	
Oct 16 2009 	Very nice hotel perfect location	It isn't the Ritz, but it is a very nice hotel in the perfect location. The rooms are perfectly sized (every room in London is small, like hotel rooms in NYC, Paris, and all other major cities). But at least they have true King sized beds (which are hard to come by in Europe). The shower is a bit narrow (anyone over 6' tall will have a hard time turning around or washing their hair). My largest gripe is that the bar/restaurant closed too early. The concierge team was incredibly helpful and went out of their way to assist with anything we asked.	
Oct 11 2009 	disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Have just returned from a couple of days in London with husband on leave from Afghanistan - booked 2 nights with theatre tickets. The room - standard - was small with view of a wall and was not the 5* luxury we had expected. I told the staff that I was disappointed and that we would like a change to our room - and also explained that this was a special trip with only a few days of leave - we were offered a bigger room at a charge of £50. I didn't pay it - if they couldn't offer a free upgrade to a serving military guy on leave it's a poor show.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location	We spent 4 days here. The location was great, close to the underground, the theaters, Covent Garden and the Picadilly area.It is probably not a good choice as a family hotel unless you get a suite as the rooms will not accomadate more than 2 people. The staff were very helpful with our requests.We had breakfast included in our rate. There was a nice cold buffet to choose from plus a wide selection of hot items. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 5 2009 	The centre of the universe	At least it is for us, Leicester Square has much of what we love about London on its doorstep, in particular the national gallery, and Fiori, a greasey spoon breakfast place around the corner that's our number one breakfast spot. There's a door porter who keeps a serious eye on who enters the hotel, and once he get's to know you, opens up with a nice West end charm.Tthe tone once inside this hotel is modern and classic. It has changed (super renovation) in recent years, and the service is both professional and casual - a perfect mix.Staff treat their small (children) guests in the same manner as adults, which counts big time for us.We had interconnecting rooms which were beyond gorgeous, roomy, up to date - with fantastic views over the square.Room service is effecient and of an excellent standard.Will we be there again?,Yes - we intend to book in the immediate future!	
Sep 27 2009 	perfect	Stayed here for 5 nights with my wife and 2 boys: 11 &amp; 5. Firstly, the reservation website will tell you room cannot accomodate 4..wrong. I contacted Radisson UK reservations through the email provided on the US website and they offered a junior suite with king bed and queen pullout. The room was huge!!! The view overlooking Leicester Square was fabulous. The location...unbeatable!! We never got on the underground, we walked everywhere since this was so centrally located (or took the hop on/off bus). Saved even more (30%) by prepaying the junior suite online (nonrefundable). Cannot wait to go back and set us up here again. Walked to River Thames, Parliament, Buckingham Palace, evening shows, Covent Garden, Piccadilly Circus (adjacent). FYI, the best food of our London stay was in the hotel restraurant. Service was ok, but food was awesome.	
Sep 25 2009 	Radisson Hampshire Hotel; Location Service but at a price.	I've stayed at the Radisson Hampshire for both business and leisure trips and highly recommend this hotel for it's strategic location, easy of access (tube location) and excellent service. Most recent trip was on September 8, 2009.I/We normally book the junior suite with a king bed. The room is sufficiently large enough for 3 people (with cot if required), has a separate seating area and desk work centre. My wife loves the marble bathroom with separate shower and bath areas.Located in Leicester Square (carefull there are two Radisson hotels in the area and we've never stayed at the other hotel) you have entertainment outside your door and the key tourist areas are only blocks away. Getting to the hotel from Heathrow is a simple process of getting on the tube at the airport and getting of at Leicester Square station.The hotel has also implemented free &quot;WiFi&quot; which worked great with my netbook.While you pay a premium (look for deals often offered by the hotel) we continue to return to the hotel as we know we will not be disappointed.	
Sep 19 2009 	wonderful hotel in accomodations location service amenities food.	The hotel is right on Leicester Square.We stayed five nights in our handicapped accessible room on the second floor overlooking the square. We were in easy walking distance of inexpensive, acceptable Italian restaurants (like the chain, Bella Italia) as well as fine restaurants and right in the theatre district. We enjoyed people watching from the outside bar extension where we often had lunch or tea or drinks. The concierges were extremely helpful and all the staff were commendable.	
Sep 18 2009 	Service and Location	For a short 2day theatre break this place could not be beaten.Firstly its location ,right in the middle of the theatre district means its also in walking distance of many of Londons major attractions.On being allocated a standard room on the first floor overlooking Leicester Sq,I was worried that being so close to the many cafes/bars around the square that there could be a lot of outside noise to spoil a good night sleeps.No need to worry didn,t hear a thing as the room was excellently sound proofed.Best of both worlds as we could sit on our window seat and watch the hustle and bustle and then get a peaceful nights sleep(our stay included a Friday night)Room was large and clean with LCD tv and plenty of storage space.Bathroom was modern although a little on the small side but the towels were plentiful and huge.Had booked a package to include breakfast and so glad we did.There was great choice and the quality and presentation was superb (The scrabled egg on toast was the best I,ve ever tasted)Now to the staff.From check-in to check-out they could not be faulted.Friendly and helpful at all times even although it is a very busy hotel we were always acknowledged as we entered the hotel and/or bar and restaurent.If you are looking for a central location with excellent staff and quality accommodation then this is a first class choice	
Sep 17 2009 	Brilliant Hotel Excellent location will use again.	Hotel was excellent. The rooms were very comfortable and well stocked with items. We had a king size room.All the staff were so helpful and polite. It really made you feel special.Bar was good but when drinks were put on your bill there was a service charge.Location was fantastic. The hotel is right in Leicester Square, fantastic for theatres, resturants, cinemas, bars.Will use again.	
Sep 10 2009 	What a delight	We arrived in at Piccadilly Underground and walked the two short blocks to the hotel which is very conveniently located in Leicester Sq. We were greeted with very friendly Concierge and check-in staff at the desk and even the young lady who checked us in, walked with us out of the hotel to point to where we could catch &quot;The Original Tour Bus&quot; which was very handy and just around the corner. Our room, because we arrived early at 11am was not ready so we left our bags with the concierge and headed out on our tour of the city which also was a good value and included the Thames cruise.After a 2 hour bus tour we returned to the hotel and checked in . We loved our 7th floor room. It had a great view and looked out towards Big Ben and the London Eye and we felt very at home as we could see the Canadian Flag from Canada House at Trafalgar Square... very impressed too that Canada House was so well situated.(PS: they have free internet in Canada House too)Everything about the room was perfect and we had absolutely no complaints at all. We were also very pleased to have a safe in the room. We even had a welcome message from the front desk on our phone by the time we arrived in the room .There was a nice little restaurant out the front door of the hotel and to the right which we went to called Little Italy (Irving St)and found another good coffee shop/deli nearby (@Charing Cross Rd &amp; Cranbourn St) for breakfast.Although a lot more money than we would normally spend on a hotel room (more than double) , It was our 1st Anniversary and we wanted to be central to everything and it met all our needs so decided to splurge.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location great hotel	I've been travelling to London now for over 20 years and always try to stay at the Hampshire. Its a great location and the service is always first rate. Rooms are very comfortable and the recent updates make them even better.	
Sep 8 2009 	My "go to" hotel in London	Stayed here in 2008 on my own and with family in 2009. Location is fantastic. Is my default hotel when visiting London.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel great location	I have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the last 3 years. The staff are very friendly and always welcoming. The rooms are always clean and simply furnished. The location is tremendous in terms of access to major attractions in London. When I go to business or leisure trips to London this is my no.1 choice.	
Sep 7 2009 	Amazing	The service was brilliant, The room was gorgeous, the view was just absolutely breath taking, i didnt at all expect the view to be that lovely. the location was very convienient as it was in the centre of leicester square. I loved the breakfast and the view, i didnt really like the fact that we had to leave.	
Aug 31 2009 	Its location location location!	I stay in this hotel at least once a year for business purposes - and whilst when i was less well travelled I did consider this to be 5 star regrettably it is not - but it is a very very good 4 star hotel.The location here is everything and, for me, it is simply magnificent. Room service and food is good and there as few small areas (indoor and out) to meet infromally for a coffee/tea. Rooms are quite good, although some are a little on the small side.There is wireless internet and good tv with pay movies, if you get a room at the front you can have a fab view (once I was staying when the premier of Casino Royale was taking place in Leicester Square and I had a view unequalled to see all the VIPs and the Queen! arrive).There is a gym but no pool.It is just slighty more expensive than I would expect for what you get but I continue to book there year after year!	
Aug 29 2009 	Honeymoon from hell	We stayed at the Hampshire for 2 nights for our honeymoon. We were so disappointed as we paid a 5star price for a 5 star hotel and got a basic B&amp;B. The check in was very quick and efficient. We were given a room overlookin Leicester Square which was very nice, however, the room was dated, dark and had a very damp smell to it. The receptionist told us that there was a treat in the room for us, on our findings there was 1 cake and a strawberry! For a 5star hotel, we thought that was poor. The only good thing about the hotel is the location. I wouldnt stay here again and feel it is very over priced and should only be a 3 star.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Location	This Hotel is very well located in the heart of Theatre Land, Soho, West End and close to the many attractions of London. Not really necessary to use public transport as the hotel doesnt seem to far a walk from what London and the West End has to offer.I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions but in my opinion I wouldnt rate it as 5*, more a good 4*.As I was travelling with family we booked two twin rooms, rooms were adeqaute but not plush. The twin rooms were located with poor views and in the noisey areas of the Hotel. We arrived at 2pm on a Sunday and had to wait around for rooms to be cleaned etc.I requested adjacent rooms on a high floor and told them that it was my 50th birthday - none of my requests were met and we were staying on a Sunday/Monday evening!Reception - slowRooms - OK, nothing special, dark decor but clean and tidyBreakfast - Plenty to choose fromCost - Think this hotel is very over priced for what you get in return, the best bit is the location, maybe thats what you are paying for!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fab Hotel......Fab Service!!	Just returned from a weekend break to London for our wedding anniversary. When booking the hotel I asked if it was possible for a room with a view as it was our anniversary but when we got there we found that although our room was lovely, with a huge queen size bed, the view was not quite so good. However, this aside the hotel left a little note in our room wishing us a Happy Anniversary and leaving us a complimentary bottle of wine......nice touch. That evening whilst we were out housekeeping came in to do the turn down service and sprinkled rose petals on our bed. It's the little touches like this that make all the difference to your stay. All of the staff that we encountered were incredibly friendly and went out of there way to help you whether it be directions to somewhere or flagging down taxis for you....they really couldn't do enough for you. The bar area was fab for pre and after dinner drinks and always had a good atmosphere although I do warn you the drinks prices are a bit steep...£9 for a G&amp;T, my husband nearly had heart failure!!!All in all I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anybody and I hope that we will get the opportunity to return again soon.	
Aug 17 2009 	great location but not so great rooms	4 of us stayed here for 2 nights and enjoyed the hotel location but all of us thought the rooms were very small, even by london standards.the rooms were clean but that is as good as it gets......i mean really small!!staff were very friendly and the patio bar was really nice for a drink .breakfast was just ok and not worth the money.overall i probably would stay here again purely for convienence if i got a good rate	
Aug 13 2009 	Fantastic!!	Stayed here for just one night, wish it had been for longer. Guys at Concierge desk so friendly, they seem to know what you want ,need before you do.We had booked a double room, we got a king size (unsure if this was an upgrade?). it was huge loads of space, &amp; a huge bed.  Great views from window of leicester square (3rd floor). Came back late afternoon to find strawberries &amp; chocolate waiting for us, this may have been as because were were celebrating our wedding anniversary, i don't know? Breakfast very nice, choice fantastic.Can't wait to return.	
Aug 11 2009 	The friendliest cleanest and best location hotel in all of London.	We came to London to see Jude Law's Hamlet and chose the Radisson Hampshire as it was so close to the theater. How thrilled we were to discover it was close to everything, Covet Garden, the London Eye, the Original Bus Tour, Trafalgar Square,Museums, Galleries and we saw it all. Ever so grand were the hotel accomodations, thestaff ( Edgars, Jose and Adeline were delightful), the restaurant (great breakfasts) and the overall upbeat and helpful spirit of everyone involved was unexpected and refreshing.We were comfortable, relaxed and euphoric for being able to experience this wonderfulcity, a fantastic theater performance and an outstanding hotel. What more could youask for? Thanks to everyone for making our vacation unforgetable!	
Aug 11 2009 	Great location but definitely not five star.	We stayed here for four nights, and generally found the hotel to be acceptable, but nothing like a five star hotel. You should note that they offer nothing to Radisson Gold Card holders.Cleanliness - Everything sparkling, and the cleaners were very pleasant and friendly.Location - Utterly brilliant. Ten minute walks to almost every theatre in London.Value - So-so. For a hotel placed as it is, the price was reasonable. However, the extras were scandalous. Breakfast is charged at £21 per head. I'd recommend that you go to the café at St Martin-in-the-Fields church on Trafalgar Square. We got breakfast for four there for £19.50. Rooms - We booked two rooms. Initially we were given two on the seventh floor. One had a spectacular view of Big Ben, the London Eye, and Trafalgar Square. The other had a fairly dull view of the rooftops. Both were clean, well appointed and comfortable, although the double bed was a bit narrow. The trouble started on the first night, when it emerged that the suite adjacent to one room was full of extremely noisy guests, who were slamming the door until almost 6AM. Not a big deal in itself, but the hotel was unwilling to move us. We were approached by another couple, who told us that they had been moved due to noise from that suite two nights previously. After much badgering, we were moved to a room on the third floor, with a scenic view of a wall, three feet away. At least it was quiet.The other room 's air conditioning system malfunctioned, and started to drip water into the room. This was fixed quickly, but was hardly up to a five star standard. We also noticed, at least in this room, that the room service menu was out of date, as almost none of the items were actually available past 11PM, despite the menu saying they were.Service - The staff were almost without exception polite, helpful and friendly. Until the end of the trip. When we checked out, we found an entirely falsified phone bill for almost £60 added to the bill. We contested it and it was grudgingly removed. However, charging guests for a service they did not use is fraud, pure and simple.Overall - The location alone makes this a good hotel. However, the rooms were a bit of a shambles, and the fraudulent phone charge left an extremely nasty taste in our mouths. Would I recommend it? Only if you can afford to pay for a suite, and don't mind having false expenses tacked onto your room.	
Aug 11 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	The Radisson Hampshire is a fantastic 5 star hotel in Leicester Square in London. Upon arriving at the hotel I was greeted by a very friendly Concierge an reception service who were only too happy to help with any query or need I had in a quick and efficient manner.The room I was in had a fantastic view of Leicester Square and was a very good size for what one would expect of a hotel in London, very finely decorated with an amazing bed and two seperate showers and basins perferct for those manic mornings when you are away with your partner.As said before the hotel is on Leicester Sqaure which is a brilliant location for London whether you are on Business or taking the family with a tube station a 2 minute walk away and trafalgar square etc only a 4 minute walk away.In the area around the hotel are many, many restaurants but the hotel itself has a very nice restaurant itself which I can not recommend enough to anyone staying here or not for dinner. I will also have to point out the exquisite breakfast which is the first i have ever had and actually enjoyed the black pudding.All in all an excellent visit to London where me and my partner will be statying every return visit down to the capitol.Liam KirbyVery Satisfied Traveller	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Location Good Service.	Spent just one night in the Hampshire and had a great time. The location of the hotel is fantastic, it overlooks Leicester Square and the tube station is just across the square. Covent Garden and Trafalgar square are also only a short walk away. The level of service was good and all of the staff were helpful and courteous. The rooms are very pleasant and well considered. We had a room which overlooked the square and although there was a little noise it certainly wasn't enough to disturb my sleep. I have seen other reviews saying that this hotel is not really a five star, and they are probably correct but it doesn't carry the five star price tag either so overall I was very happy with my stay in the Hampshire.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Experience highly recommendable	We booked this hotel for birthday treat. What a fantastic experience! The hotel is beautifully decorated and has 1st rate staff who are very friendly and very genuine, they couldn't do enough for you. The bedrooms were superb, we originally booked a superior room but was upgraded to a mini suite. The facilites in the room are great, ours looked out onto Leicester Square. The bathrooms are well equipped even with telephones ! For the ladies there is lovely products for bath/shower use and also have nail files ! We had breakfast included in our deal which was of excellent quality. Great Experience &amp; will definately visit here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location with good service	High speed free internet access everywhere in the hotel, Radisson hotels is a rarely seen 5-star hotel with kettle for tea and coffee. Oriental charming art deco make the hotel nice and cozy. Especially friendly hotels for family with children and travellers for business. The China Town is just 5 minutes away, almost every cusines can be found around the hotels. Needless to say , easier to reach cinema, musical and great night pubs in central London. Great location, take underground from Leicester square of Piccadilly line can reach everywhere in London.	
Aug 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Great Staff, Great Service. Excellent location. Cant fault the stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	Couples and families avoid!!! Non-guests take over the hotel at night making for a very uncomfortable stay.	Nice hotel in a lovely location, but the crowd that are allowed to inhabit the outside dining area and queue all night to get in would really put you off. Our first tip-off that something strange was going on was when we could not get a table at our own hotel for a quiet drink. Then we noticed the numerous groups of men sitting without drinks, unchallenged around the dining area. Then there were the groups of young women all crowding around trying to get in or &quot;catwalking&quot; along the street outside. A more uncomfortable atmosphere for the average guest would be hard to imagine. This place would be worth a 4 or 5 star review if they could keep out the above groups. Couples or families however should keep away.	
Aug 6 2009 	Above average location and service	High quality newly redesigned rooms at one of the most central locations in London, which is surprisingly little noisy during the evening. Small gym but the doorman, check-in with humour and an above average service in the restaurant were experienced as my colleague had a very late arrival at the hotel due problems at Heathrow. The combination of facilities, service, redesigned rooms and the room price is a strong value proposition towards business people.	
Aug 3 2009 	Disappointed	Stayed at your hotel on Saturday night. Was very disappointed with the room I know we opted for the standard room but we had the smallest double bed I have seen. It must have only been a standard bed and also I have never stayed in a 5 star hotel that does not provide bath robes as standard ahd the actual room itself was so small.The breakfast was very good but overpriced at £ 21.00 per head. the location of the hotel was great but 5 star!! I don't think so.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very stylish and a great location	We had two very enjoyable nights at the Hampshire in one of their &quot;Junior Suites&quot; overlooking the square on the first floor. It was a large, beautifully appointed room, very stylish, and perfect for watching the world go by in Leicester Square just outside the huge semi-circular window. Very friendly and helpful staff who were quick to help with maps, directions - and umbrellas! Not cheap of course but I think very competitive for that quality of room in central London.The only nuisance was the noise of the nearby bedroom doors closing very late at night on the automatic closing mechanism which makes them slam loudly. We mentioned this to the hotel and they promised to address it, so will be interesting to see if they find a solution.Overall a great experience, and would definitely return for a future special occasion.	
Aug 1 2009	Lovely hotel	I travelled with my boyfriend and my parents - we took my Dad for his birthday.The hotel is in a brilliant location, only a 5 min walk from the nearest tube station.Check-in was very quick, and the staff at the front desk were very efficient and friendly.We had 2 double rooms, one on the 1st floor and one on the 6th floor (a smoking room).Both rooms were a good size and very clean, as were the bathrooms. The room on the 6th floor had a fantastic view across London!The only thing i would complain about would be the amount of noise that could be heard from outside in the first floor room, i'm glad i took some earplugs! But i guess that is to be expected in a hotel in the middle of Leicester Square on a Saturday night!We TRIED to have a drink in the hotel bar on the Saturday night, i went to the bar only to be told to sit down as it was table service. After sitting at our table for 10 mins, i approached the bar again and was told the same. So we sat and waited a further 15 mins as the waitress's served everybody except us - and we then left.Breakfast the next day was very nice, with plenty of choice.All in all, this is a lovely hotel in a great location - perfect for anyone visiting London for the first time. We would definately stay here again - in fact my parents are already looking at planning their next trip!	
Jul 30 2009 	They did it right	Stayed there for one evening in order to catch a show. The location is perfect and the service was great. Upon check in we were upgraded to a junior suite overlooking the square and I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious and stylishly furnished and the bathroom had two showers and ample room. I would highly recommend it if you want to be in the middle of it all.	
Jul 28 2009 	Very Good but not 5 star!"	Fantastic location....but expect noise through the night ( especially weekends ), this is Leicester Sq. I booked 2 rooms but when we arrived they only had me booked for 1, they quickly found a second room but this was much smaller with a very small double bed. They exchanged the room later that day to a room with a larger bed but it had water dripping through the ceiling. I made them aware of this and their 'repair' consisted of a towel on the carpet. The hotel was good but not in anyway a 5 star ( other than location ), the rooms are ready for refurbishing and the hotel is very dark and drab other than the bar / dining area. The breakfast was good and the Concierge and Doormen helpful but next time my money will go to either The Royal Horseguards or The Charing Cross, both beat this Hotel hands down. On the whole a very good and very expensive time was had by all!	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Location	Great Location. Right in the centre of all the action, near to theatreland and Soho.Rooms are very clean and fit the character of the building. Staff are pleasant and helpful, especially the bowler hatted doorman ~ and he's English !!Breakfast is good but pricey, so get it included in your room rate.Cant fault this place, it may not be the cheapest place but it is worth it for the location alone.	
Jul 27 2009 	The hotel is marvelous. Great service both in the restaurant and at the concierge	We stayed at the hotel for 1 week to see London and visit the theatres. We got a nice big room for 3 persons and delicious breakfasts. Fantastic service both in the restaurant with very pleasant personal and also at the concierge, who helped us with tickets to both &quot;Mamma Mia&quot; and &quot;We will rock you&quot;. Great vacation and we will come back.Axel &amp; Bodil Pedersen	
Jul 20 2009 	Visiting Buckingham Palace	Great trip, went to a garden party at Buck Palace, saw HM and Prince Philip. My wife and I had great time. Went to see Blood Brothers and Jersey Boys both excellent!! Hotel is great right in the centre of London everywhere accessible on foot. Be back soon just like Arnie!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location great space great value!	This is a perennial favorite of my husband and mine. Nice sized rooms overlooking Leicester Square-- perfect for theater going visitors. Lovely breakfasts-- lovely staff. Good value for an expensive hotel town.	
Jul 13 2009 	Decent hotel in central location	We had booked to stay in the Radisson Kenilworth on Great Russell Street but upon arrival were told that due to overbooking we'd been transferred to the &quot;five star&quot; Hampshire. The member of staff immediately hailed a hackney cab and within two minutes we were on our way, and they sorted out the fare when we got to the other end. This hotel has clearly not long been refurbished and it has been carried out to a very high standard. The service from staff was excellent on reception, in the bar and at the front door throughout our two night stay, but I agree with a previous reviewer that this is more of a four star hotel and certainly not a five. It lacked some of the extras you get even at rival four star chains such as Marriott or Malmaison. The room was small (but located at the back which meant it was quiet), and the bed felt narrower than mine at home. But on a more positive note it was very clean. smart and of course the location of the hotel was brilliant. Irritations? Well, there was a faulty fire alarm which went off at 7:30am on Sunday morning causing us all to scramble out to the corridor before a cleaner told us it was a false alarm. And we decided it would be far cheaper not to pay Radisson prices for breakfast so ate nearby instead. The drinks at the bar were also a littly pricey but you get that everywhere. Overall I felt it was good value for room only.	
Jul 7 2009 	Very nice hotel but not convinced by 5 star rating	Stayed here for two nights at begining of July 09 for my wifes birthday and a 2nd anniversary treat. Perhaps our expectations were too great but when we changed our booking from the 4 star hotel around the corner to the 5 star Raddisson Hampshire, we expected a little more than we got but that isn't to cast the Hampshire in a negative way.The hotel is without question very nice, and it would be unfair to say otherwise. To be fair we only stayed for two nights and didn't really get to try many of the hotel services so it would be wrong for me to comment on those. As some people have pointed out the rooms are a little on the small side, but London hotels tend to be in old buildings so this is to be expected to a degree. The room was very clean, the towels in the bathroom were good quality, and the bed was comfortable although the pillows felt like they were filled with synthetic material, which if you are used to feather pillows is a bit of a dissapointment. It's worth pointing out that other than being clean, and nicely decorated, with a copy of Tatler magazine on the coffee table, there were no luxuries in the room, such as robes, slippers etc that one might expect from a 5 start hotel. To be honest, we've stayed in 4 star hotels which have been comparable in many aspects.The location of the hotel is excellent, except for one small detail. Noise. Leicester Square is popular and there can be people roaming about until the early hours of the morning particularly at the weekend. There are two pubs and a nightclub almost directly opposite so be prepared for people noise at night. Personally speaking we slept through this so it didn't bother us too much, but what was really annoying is being woken at 4am on both nights by street cleaners sweeping the pavement in the square with mechanical road sweepers. Outside noise isn't t the fault of the hotel though, but if you are looking for a peacful nights sleep I would suggest asking for a room at the back of the hotel and sacrifice the view of the square.Although we did use the hotel bar, we didn't eat in the restaurant for either breakfast or dinner so cannot comment on those, although based on price alone, if you're looking for a more reasonably priced breakfast, or lunch, I would suggest taking the short walking to the cafe in St Martins in the Field church on Trafalgar Square where you can get a reasonable cooked or continental breakfast for a little over £6.To summarise, we felt that this is a very nice hotel in an excellent location where the staff were polite and very helpful, but based on experience with other hotels I'm not convinced it lives up to a 5 star rating and it would be interesting to see the difference in the 4 star Raddisson around the corner. We came to the conclusion that it was a very nice 4 star hotel with a 5 star service and we would definately stay here again or recommend it to friends and family.	
Jun 26 2009 	Friendly Staff...Outstanding Location!	Located right in the heart of Leicester Square, with a tube stop just steps away made this place an ideal location to stay while in London. Very close to many historical landmarks, easy walks if you enjoy walking! The staff was so friendly, were available to answer all our questions and assist in whatever we needed. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 25 2009 	Best Radisson in Covent Garden	We were in London to go to several performances at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden. The Leicester Square location was perfect, offering a short trip to the opera house and equally short trips to other attractions in the area. The rooms were indeed clean. The concierge/doorman/bell service was first rate and fun to see, with the guys in the black bowlers all so spiffy and British, yet not at all stuffy! The computers in the business center -- all we needed for this pleasure trip -- were free, as was WIFI had we needed that. Ignore what you read about the noise from Leicester Square. We faced it on the second floor, and while we were there they had two movie premieres and we barely noticed. We did avoid the bar and the restaurant as a steady source of nutrition, but didn't mind parting with an excess pound or two after the opera for a little something. Immediately outside of the hotel is a mini restaurant row that would satisfy most. We shopped at Pret a Manger every day for breakfast pastries and fruit and so we could breakfast in the room like sane people. For a true taste of mostly edible Brit food, go the 2 blocks to St. Martin's and have lunch or dinner in the crypt. Very reasonable. Basic meat and veg. I know, this last doesn't rate the hotel, except to say that it is very near some very dear places! Back to the hotel: Although we didn't check out the other Radissons in the neighborhood, we passed by them and the impression was that the negative reviews were probably on target. The Hampshire was very different, but didn't cost much more! Have fun, and take care, mates!	
Jun 20 2009 	Customer Orientated HotelGood LocationReasonable Price	We stayed at this Hotel at short notice having been let down by another hotel.The staff were helpful and courteous. The room was well appointed and the location in Leicester Square was ideal for Central London attractions. For a Central London hotel we considered it very good value for money and will certainly stay again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Wonderful large room and fabulous bath  excellent service	My husband and I spent 10 days touring London on vacation this past May. We had a wonderful large room in the Radisson Hotel with a marble bath with stall shower and separate tub. Heated towels, turn down service at night, helpful staff all helped to make our vacation very special. Breakfasts were wonderful and were included with our room. The dining room served delicious meals both for lunch and dinner and there was an out door terrace for dining also. We certainly would stay here again. In fact we plan to return with out son and his family next year.	
Jun 11 2009 	Radisson Edwardian Hampshire Hotel. We hope that????	Maria. From Portugal (Algarve)I just go to London, sometimes. sometimes with my husband, and sometimes with my daughaters (teenagers). And this time we go again in July.A family 4 days leisure before a cruise departing from Southampton.And we didin`t stay in the same hotel, we change always the hotel, because we didn´t like the others hotels, no the location, all locations in London was apparently great, but the hotels imself. Before I reserve this hotel, (and again) I see the reviews ,the rooms (and room class) the photos and the website hotel (virtual tour), and the guests satisfaction and the insatisfaction for this hotel and it was ok. And I tell for my family, this time it was our hotel in London, the last hotel!!! We never change again???? And the next time we go to London we stay again in the same hotel, because we stay everytime in the same hotel when we go to the others countrys. Thank`s for the reviews. And I hope this is finally our London Hotel ???? And finally a 5 stars hotel in london????When we arrived, I post a review.	
Jun 10 2009 	Unbeatable location; newly renovated classic hotel	For anyone interested in the central London sights, the location on Leicester Square enables easy walking to everything. Lots of museums, restaurants, concerts, shows and nightlife.The hotel has replaced its classic British rooms with a clean, fresh, contemporary style.	
Jun 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Friendly &amp; very efficient staff, from arrival at reception, room service &amp; right through to the restaurant.The room was superb, clean &amp; quiet, even though it directly overlooked Leicester Square.We will certainly stay there again.	
Jun 7 2009	Excellent Hotel Great Amenities and Location	My daughter and I stayed here late May and early June 2009. We were very comfortable, enjoyed the fitness room, the helpful staff, and the ability to get to tube or other spots by walking.	
Jun 7 2009 	Superb	Excellent service, amazing room, great food. All in all an amazing experience at a decent price. Will have no hesitation in staying there again, and again, and again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Excellent location good level of accommodation	Close to theatres and Covent Garden. Junior suites overlook Leicester Square. Suite has good size room and bathroom. Welcoming staff. Reception, bar and restaurant all face onto Leicester Square. Good London hotel with a very good mix of quality, room facilities and location for a reasonable price.	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic location!!	Recentley stayed at the Hampshire for a theatre and shopping trip with my mum and sister. The location is fantastic --- walking distance of all the main theatres, shopping areas, buckingham palace, hyde park etc etcThe hotel room was spacious for central london - nice bathroom and comfy beds with lovely sheets and was spottlessly clean.What really made the stay though was the excellent staff -- they could not have been more helpful and friendly and it really made our stay. We will definately be back and would happily recommend this hotel.	
Jun 3 2009 	Location great but there's better in London	Stayed here for a friends birthday weekend. Turned up at designated time on Saturday only to be told room wasn't ready and the only room they could offer my friend was a smoking room (he doesn't smoke and the smell was not pleasant!) I was told to leave my number and someone would call to let me know when room was ready, this also never happened so eventually 4 hours later we checked in and although reception/lobby area and corridors are very modern the rooms are not! They look like a cheap B&amp;B and you couldn't swing a cat in it. I know most London hotel's are not renowned for their size but i have stayed in Le Meridien Picadilly a number of times and rooms there are great.Breakfast was average but not particularly speedy, waited ages for Tea &amp; Coffee. Finally someone really needs to make it clear how those elevators work! The amount of people who couldn't figure it out was unreal!	
May 24 2009 	Amazing Hotel	This Hotel is really good, very comfortable and very good location. At night, at Leicester Sq, there's lots of people together and there are many different restaurants.	
May 20 2009 	I will return	Front of House team could not have been better. Room good with an amazing view (back of hotel) of Nelson, London Eye, Big Ben etc. Locvation great for theatreland and sightseeing. Price not horrendous!	
May 18 2009 	Ok but wouldn't go back	This hotel is full of expectation when you walk in!!! However the rooms are tiny!!!!!! The breakfast is o.k. however do not get the pancakes as they simply open the packet and throw them on the plate- not good!!!!! The hotel is the perfect location for anyone shopping and going to see a show!!!The worst experience was when we came back to change in a rush and couldn't get into our room- 3 trips to reception later it was finally sorted- apparently you shouldn't keep your room key near your mobile phone??!!! It took ages aswell as there are only two very slow lift!!A nice hotel excellent locatuion but there are better ones out there!!!!!	
May 13 2009 	Wonderful Stay	The location is perfect for visiting central London, right in Leicester Square, within easy walking distance of so many interesting places.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. room service was goodThe room was comfortable and very clean, a nice retreat from the city rush.The Bar was ok although there was little choice of beers.The stay was so pleasant I would definately book again should I need to stay in central London on business or pleasure.highly recommend this hotel based on our experiance.	
May 13 2009 	Amazing Hotel	Stayed here recently for a romantic break in London in a 2 bedroom suite. This is the best hotel I have visited in London. Appears to have recently been refurbished, check in was excellent - friendly and informative. Room was amazing, massive, really well furnished and great views over leicester square.Location is amazing for all London attractions, can be a bit noisy on a Saturday night but as you are in Leicester Square this can't really be helped.Overall I would highly recommend this to anyone visiting London.	
May 11 2009 	ONE OF THE NICEST HOTELS I HAVE STAYED IN	The Hampshire is smack bang in Leicester Square - Pefect if you love the West End - Hotel staff are so friendly and warm and nothing is too much trouble - I wish I could stay here every trip to London	
May 7 2009 	Professionalism	Everything about the stay was simple and first class	
May 6 2009 	Fabulous location for a theatre/shopping/sightseeing break	Went with husband and daughter for 3 nights and were booked into a suite at this hotel. We upgraded for a bit extra to a better suite, and it had great big windows looking out straight into Leiscester Square, great to people watch! Suite was very good, and all the staff so helpful. Nothing too much trouble. So close to all the main shopping areas and also to stroll around by the Thames. Also a spot on location for restaurantsand for the theatres. After the show, we enjoyed some wonderfull cocktails in the bar, would recommend the Apple Pie!Well done Radisson.	
May 3 2009 	An accomodation perfect for business and leisure	I have been frequently travelling to London on business and have ended up with the Radission Edwardian Hampshire as my prefered place to stay. It has turned out to be an excellent choice for business and leisure. The great location, right on Leicester Square, provide a peaceful atmosphere, day and night, which is not easy to find downtown a metropolis. Great rooms. The service is excellent - the staff is friendly and professional, and very service minded. My London home away home .	
Apr 30 2009 	A good central hotel	This hotel was perfect for what we wanted. A hotel that is central to shops, restaurants, in particular China Town and the theatres. We were given a very warm welcome when we checked in, and even though we were early for check in, our room was ready for us.The room was very comfortable. The view wasn't too good, but as we didn't spend much time there, it wasn't too important.We ate in the hotel restaurant. The main course was very good, but I didn't enjoy the dessert. The service was very good.I felt that all the staff very happy to help, and I would definitely go there again.	
Apr 27 2009 	2 star room in a 5 star hotel	The first room was really disappointing. It seemed as if nobody had used the room in years – and we soon realized why. When I turned the shower on it was so full of limescale that it was impossible to shower without water spraying everywhere, plus one of the handles came off! Luckily we were not flooded. The toilet paper holder also fell apart as soon as I pulled some paper off….I thought this was unacceptable in a 5 star hotel! Years ago I had a lovely stay, so I decided to inform the staff of the maintenance problems we encountered. I must say that they were really nice and they immediately found another room and told us to pack our bags and meet on another floor.The second room was much nicer: we had a larger bathroom but what struck me the most was the amazing view of the Big Ben and House of Parliament and a lit up London Eye! I can say that the hotel staff was extremely nice and polite, always keen to open a door for you and very helpful and very quick in finding another room for a disappointed customer.About the hotel….I would strongly recommend some refurbishment. The rooms seem as if they are not looked after, in the second bedroom we had a spiderweb in a corner and also the plaster on the ceiling definitely needed some maintenance. The hairdryers are really appalling and the showers not very powerful…The staff, location and view made our stay a 5 star experience…the hotel however really needs some works done because it is falling to pieces!	
Apr 24 2009 	perfect choice	Booked a king suite via goldpoints website. Excellent value for money. The room was spectacular. Sevice is wonderful and drinks downstairs is a great way to spend an afternoon.	
Apr 23 2009 	The best hotel in London!	The Hampshire is located in a fantastic area - central for all attractions and theatres. The tube is a stones throw away and there are a host of fantastic resturants nearby. However the biggest positive is the hotel itself with charming and friendly staff where nothing is too much trouble, the rooms are beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough!!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Can't beat the location for central London	I've tried to book this hotel before, but it was never available. The location appealed to us, and that's why we wanted to stay here. Even though we were at the Hampshire for only one night (we had a brief stopover in London), this is a location I would consider staying at again. The hotel is located RIGHT on Leicester Square, and is just a short 3 minute walk to the closest Tube stop. The half price TKTS booth is literally 50 yards from the hotel's entrance. Our room was a good size for a London hotel, and it was clean and well appointed. Our room overlooked Leicester Square, which that has its pros and cons. It's a great view, but you do hear some noise at night from the passersby and local establishments, but to be honest, we were so exhausted from our day in London that once our heads hit the pillows, the noise was not an issue, because we conked out right away in our cushy bed. We recommend this hotel for the nice sized room, the pleasant staff in the lobby and at the Front Desk, and above all, the convenient location which puts you in the central of London, so getting anywhere else in the city is relatively easy.	
Apr 3 2009 	Fantanstic hotel with top class service	I booked a junior suite for one night as a birthday treat for my partner at the end of March 2009, and cannot praise the hotel hightly enough. We had a superb view over Leicester Square, the room was spacious, impeccably clean and very well appointed with efficient, polite service from all the staff we were in contact with. We would definately stay here again.	
Mar 25 2009 	They Steal Your Money and Then Laugh	The hotel is nice. The rooms are OK. WiFi is very spotty, or was in my room.HOWEVER...DO NOT USE THE PHONE.I made a 5 minute phone call to a UK mobile. Using BT this would have cost me approx 36 pence. They hotel charged me 14 POUNDS!!! They charge almost 40 TIMES the normal BT rate.When I inquired about this, the manager seemed to find it entertaining. He laughed!Getting robbed is bad enough. Getting laughed at while it is happening is just unacceptable.	
Mar 22 2009 	Very Nice	Nice hotel in good location. Originally bookesd at the new Bloomsbury hotel but they overbooked and we got transferred here. Breakfast is very basic for 2p GBP but supposedly you can order omelettes etc. Otherwise very nice	
Mar 21 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is located right in the heart of central London in Leicester Square. we found it easy to get to anywhere from here via tube or by foot (e.g. Hamleys, Trafalger Square). We stayed over valetines weekend as a treat, the location being the main plus point for us.We were greeted by the doorman who took our bags as we checked in, The check in lobby was rather small but we were in and out quick enough. The actual room was nice and clean, and the bed was turned down every night while we were out, they even tided up our things! Wen we arrived the bathroom toilet had not been cleaned properly but was nothing that a flush couldn't fix. However the shower knobs were broken and the glass screen seemed to do no good as water ended up all over the floor. The food at breakfast was good nice selection of both hot and cold dishes. The bar was also good freshly made cocktails that were very tasty (and pricey - but what would you expect for central London).The main thing that made me give a 3 instead of a 4 star was a few issues we had on the day of check out. we went down for breakfast and left our bags in the room while we ate. We then found that our key card would not work to activate the lift but a fellow guest let us up. The card would then not let us get back into our room to get our bags. I found this to be very presumptuous we were well within the check out time, just because we left our room for the first time on that day it does not mean that we were leaving. When my OH went down to reception to get our card reactivated they asked for our details, address and postcode etc. They had the incorrect details on the system and it took us a while to get this sorted despite the fact that we had booked online - you think it would all be on the same system. To sum up a great location and I think that is what you are paying for more than anything when you book this hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	fantastic customer service excellent location	customer service was fantastic,the staff couldnt have been more helpful!!! location couldnt have been better.room service was supberb and very efficient and very quick.	
Mar 4 2009	Exceeded our very high expectations in every respect	My mother and I went to London in Feb 09 for a weekend of shopping and signtseeing. We have stayed at various other hotels in London (including The Cavendish, Hilton Wardorf, Hilton Trafalgar Park to name a few) and the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire hotel was far superior that all of these. From the check in to the check out the staff were attentive, helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. I know the hotel is 5 stars so excellent service should be expected but at this hotel is far exceeded the norm.The special requests we had with regards to room service one day were taking with no hassle and were completed with no trouble. We stayed in a standard room and was suprised at the space of the room. I can't rate this hotel highly enough.	
Mar 1 2009 	Elegant and Luxurious	Upon arrival on our first trip to London since my wife and i were both teenagers we were wowed first of all by the wonderful location, then upon entering the hotel the sumptious luxury that was apparent from the moment that we walked through the door to the Hotel.The staff were friendly, very helpful and attentive, they were incredibly hospitable and utterly professional.Our King Bed suite was amazing with a view directly onto Leicester Square, the room was spotlessley clean, the bed was extremely comfortable and luxurious the Bathroom was immaculate and overall the suite was incredibley stylish whilst also being very comfortable.It was almost a shame that we had so much to see and do otherwise we could have stayed in the suite all weekend. We couldnt recommend enough.	
Feb 27 2009 	Liked the central location the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff and the food.	Third time at this hotel so it must be good! Excellent location, very friendly and helpful staff, concerns of any kind dealt with very efficiently and effectively; definitely in mind for a return visit to London. Superb food - did a great family lunch for us and even though it does not have a children's menu, was flexible enough to cater effectively for three lively children. Children made very welcome too, concierge engaging seven-year-old in lively discussion about lego made his day! Well done, the Hampshire.	
Feb 27 2009 	What a great hotel	If you ever need to stay in a London Hotel which is near to the West End and the Radisson Hampshire in Leicester Square is the place. You are greeted with a friendly smile and he staff are always on hand if you have a problem. The rooms are clean, fresh and roomy and for a little extra try a deluxe which have huge beds. Breakfast is full of surprises with fresh fruit, cereal, traditional english breakfast and all the little extra's you might not expect. On the doorstep is Piccadily which Regent Street, the Strand and Oxford Street a short distance away. There is also a good tube station and in easy reach of Covert Garden.	
Feb 25 2009 	In my opinion does not warrant it's 5 * rating.	I don't know how this hotel got 5 stars. Apart from it's excellent location there is not a lot more to praise. No hot water after 5.00pm. We ordered pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast, they were like cardboard table mats. I explained to the waiter that they were &quot;too heavy&quot; and he did not know what I meant! He told me that they were bought in ready prepared and heated up. I REST MY CASE!	
Feb 23 2009 	Winderful hospitality and really made to feel welcome	Lovely reception, superb room, fantastic dinner and staff who were exceptionally obliging. We will definitely be back!	
Feb 20 2009 	Wonderful hotel fabulous location! I will return.	The location, decor, service and ambience of this hotel were all outstanding. All four of us felt that we would choose this hotel for a return trip to London. Then I got sick and had to extend my stay by one day, and the hotel staff were exceptional in helping me with everything from finding a doctor to canceling my flight. Also tea and extra blankets were provided. On my next trip to London for pleasure this will be our destination. The decor details everywhere in the hotel were also charming. And right on Leicester Square! Just fabulous overall.	
Feb 15 2009 	Just what you expect from a large hotel chain	Efficient service enhance by super efficient and charming staff. The whole process of arriving and booking in was easy and seamless.The room was immaculate. Stylishly fitted out with all you would expect from a large hotel chain.On the down side, the hotel bar in very expensive. A bottle of beer £5.00 and a gin and tonic £9.00. If you wanted music in your room, that was extra. The room was ‘normal size’ being no larger than that of an hotel at half the price. At £155.00 for one night B&amp;B the cost was not good value. If you want a nondescript hotel, in a superb location and do not mind paying over the odds, this is the place to stay.	
Dec 29 2008 	We slept better than we do at home.	My family just got back from spending a wonderful Christmas week at the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire Hotel, where my husband and I were delighted to find we slept better than we do at home. I picked this hotel because it had a good, central location and reasonable prices, and satisfied my three requirements: a room with a king sized bed for me and my husband; another room with twin or double beds for our two college-aged kids; and both rooms had to be non-smoking. (In my search, it seemed that many London hotels did not have king-sized beds and/or were not non-smoking.) Each morning my husband and I (both in our 50’s) were amazed and wondrous to realize we had slept for 10 – 11 hours, which we never do at home anymore. Some of it was that we had not fully adjusted to the time change from the eastern U.S., but it was also the very comfortable bed, the thick quilt with the soft cotton duvet cover, and the heavy drapes that blocked out light and noise from outside. A big plus was that the room was not too hot -- we could control both the temperature of the heat and the volume of airflow in the vent. We had the deluxe king bed room, which had a little love-seat/sitting area and room to move around. The hotel is in a very good location for walking and/or tubing to museums, castles, theater, and shopping. Our kids could go off on their own part of the day or evening, and we would meet back at the hotel. They went dancing one night at a place down the block.  I actually booked the reservation at the Radisson Edwardian Leicester Square Hotel, which is around the corner from the Hampshire (which is itself on Leicester Square), but the hotel shifted us to the Hampshire for its own logistical reasons. I was disgruntled by this when we first arrived, especially since the Leicester Square Hotel has a more modern décor, and the Hampshire Hotel has older and darker interiors, but we went with the flow, settled in to the Hampshire Hotel, and were very comfortable and happy. It has a fun bar and restaurant in the lobby with a funky red-velvet décor with a red chandelier. Also, the staff was extremely helpful and pleasant at all times.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great for your first trip to London	I've stayed here several times, always booking through lastminute.com's 'Top Secret Hotels' (it's the one with the title 'Grand, elegant hotel in the heart of the West End - 5* - London’) and I've always enjoyed it.Because of the age of the hotel, the rooms differ greatly in size and shape, the rooms overlooking Leicester Square can be noisy at night, the rooms at the rear can be noisy first thing in the morning when the bins are emptied, but overall they are clean and comfortable and pleasant to relax in.This is a great base for trip to London, it is next to the Official London Theatre Half Price Ticket Booth, (the real one), and every part of London is accessable from the nearby Tube Stations. There are decent restaurants close by, places for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and Chinatown within a stone's throw.Pay no heed to the 'Whinging Winnies' below, OK it's not 'Grand', It's hardly 'Elegant', and can't really be described as 5* - but at the price you'll have a great time in London, with cash to spare.	
Nov 6 2008 	Wouldn't have paid the Rack Rate	This is a gorgeous hotel. Don't get me wrong, we had a lovely time. But as another recent reviewer stated... the quality did not equal the full price.I booked this room through Lastminute.com as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel and paid well below the standard rate for the room.I too, booked our stay as a suprise for my Husband's birthday, after taking him to a show. The location was perfect, but this was the main reason I booked in the first place.Reception were very courteous and helpful and made me feel &quot;at home&quot;. However, I booked an Upgraded Room, which was lovely apart from one thins... as a previous Review mentioned: our room overlooked the Staff smoking area (the back of the hotel) which wasn't even kept clean! Other than that the Shower was Amazing and we both had a really good nights sleep on a really comfy bed.Oh and the Hotel Bar do a wide range of cocktails, as you would expect and stayed open late for residents, which was perfect for us.	
Oct 23 2008 	London visit	The room was clean and nice - small by American standards but pretty standard for European hotels. The location is terrific - it is right in the middle of the theater district and there are lots of restaurants, bars and theaters all within walking distance. I would say that the service was spotty at best - It took them a long time to get us a cab, they couldn't find my bag in storage until I asked twice and the waitress service in the restaurant was slow.	
Oct 18 2008 	5*? That's a bit too much it's not that great	Hello, I spent some time researching this and other hotels just like you now are looking for some information/recommendation/feedback, that is why I actually came back here to leave a review- I think it should be helpful!I stayed at this hotel last night, after a show at the Palace theatre. It was a surprise evening for my partner and was meant to be a romantic Friday night/Satuday morning thing.When I was considering options of staying near Leicester square, I wanted a 5* hotel - wanted to splash out and impress my partner. I browsed several websites and the prices that were offered for this hotel ranged from £177 (one hundred and seventy seven pounds) per person per night. Using lastminute.com and my research, I made my booking (booked it as a top secret hotel, so it cost me £99). And you know what? I pity all those people who paid for that room or similar room over 170 pounds! The TV was not working - problems with the sound, the lights were not working properly, it was cold, as the air conditioning could not be adjusted. The view out of the window- back yard with rubbish collection boxes, and every so often there was this glass shattering - the bar was obviously getting rid of the waste. The worst thing, in my opinion, was the fact that the staff went out to smoke...just below our window! you can imagine the smell- although I asked for a non-smoking room. Kinda loses the whole point, doesn't it? well, for the sake of my partner, I managed to keep the smile on my face throughout the stay and did not make a big deal out of any of it (usually I am the picky fussy one), so I think it all went well. But if you are a person of high demands and standards, and if you know for sure you're not in a mood for trying hard to make it all look smooth, then it is not for you. At least not a standard double room. they definitely have some royal suits that are very nice and all, but that is another story - people who stay in suits do not waste time checking references on tripadvisor.Anyways, all the best to everyone.NAt x	
Oct 14 2008 	4 star with a Great Location	We booked a deluxe king and were upgraded to a junior suite. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms have a dark hue(the wallpaper is a gold/brown color). Dark warm colors through out hotel. Junior Suite has a sofa and chair,desk with chair,king bed(very comfy),our room had a table and chair set(not all jr. suites do),very large bathroom with double sinks, toilet with privacy door.The main problems I find with the room.Lack of drawer space for putting away clothing.Mini bar that will charge you if you even touch the item(the mini bar is interactive so I guess it senses when anything is moved or touched).Television is small.Television only has about 6 channels.Only two towels in bathroom.Very small trash cans.Lack of electrical outlets.Breakfast very expensive.Have to call room service for ice.Lack of clock in room.Things I really like about the hotel and room.Bed is very comfy and big.Hotels is very clean.The location is incredible.The staff is very helpful.Bathroom is very clean.Junior suite is very large room.Internet included in rate.Towels in bathroom are hugh(but I want more than 2)Bath soap and shampoo very good quality.Over looks Leicester Square.Large choice of food outlets in the area.(plenty of places to get breakfast for a fraction of the hotels price).Close to several tube lines.Nice but small work out facility.4 telephones in my room.You may want to make sure you do not have a room that connects to another room. This will cut down on noise levels.The 6th floor is the only smoking floor. Avoid this floor if you do not want to smell smoke(unless you must have the view). I am very happy with my choice of hotel. Love the staff,great location,and I personally like the dark warm colors.Photos are of junior suite.	
Oct 11 2008 	Not a nice hotel	Great location and very nice, professional staff who were interested to help. I really didn't like the hotel itself and would never stay there again despite the location. There is no main lobby, just a small check in area and the bar/lounge leading on to the restaurant at the back. It looks and feels like a cheap club. The decor throughout is slightly depressing, even though it's renovated in places. The lighting adds to this effect. The unrenovated rooms are extremely shabby, with strange combinations of wood and chipped paint. The shower worked at too hot to scalding temperatures only. I was woken up one morning at 5.30 by the sound of trolleys rolling and something being loaded or unloaded in the street below my window. The noise went on for over an hour. The room would be freezing in winter because there are gaps between the windows and their frames. The heating/airconditioning system is incredibly noisy when set higher than low. There are much nicer hotels available in this pricerange.	
Oct 9 2008 	very disappointing	Booked this hotel via lastminute.com as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel, chosen because of its location. Location was great , everything else was a huge disappointment.Check in was impersonal and hasty. We were left to find our own way to our small corner room, whose only outlook was onto a blank brick wall. The room was dark, (not helped by brown wallpaper, a slightly faded feel and poor lighting). We made ourselves a cup of coffee at 3pm, and on return from the theatre at 11pm no-one had been in to replenish coffee and milk (UHT) or clear cups. Though the hotel described itself as five star, its standards were those expected of a second rate B&amp;B. Its location is letting it get away with charging ludicrous prices for very little.	
Sep 30 2008 	Dissapointing Stay	As other reviewers have commented the location of the hotel is great, however I am really disappointed with our stay which we cut short due to our room. My boyfriend and I booked a weekend stay and first impressions were really good - very clean, friendly staff and a large super king size bed in our standard bedroom. However there were problems with the room. The main problem being that air conditioning units were constantly on outside our window and even with the window shut the noise disturbed us. Also the bathroom had a sliding glass door which did not fully close without extreme force being applied (I could not close/open it and had to ask my partner to do it for me which even he found difficult). I contacted reception and asked to change room but was told this was not possible as the hotel was full. I then asked if someone could ring the next morning to inform me whether it would be possible to move for our 2nd night - this never occurred. The next morning we checked out and found another hotel for the 2nd night in London.	
Sep 27 2008 	Good old style hotel	I was moved to this hotel as the Leicester Square was overbooked. Was upgraded to a junior suite so it was not too bad. Suite was wonderful, large room and bathroom with a view over leicester square but tv didnt work, which was annoying. breakfast was nice but pricey. Bar/lobby was quiet so no motivation to have have a few drinks in the evening time however it is on leicester square /close to convant garden so plenty of different options.	
Sep 18 2008 	5 stars for location 3 stars for accommodation	Booked this on a special deal via Lastminute.com so in all very pleased with what we got for the price. If, however we had paid full price I would not have been impressed - the location is without a doubt the best thing about this hotel; it is perfect for a shopping/sightseeing/theatre trip. Because of delay in a room being ready for us the receptionist offered us a 'free upgrade' the room we got overlooked Leicester Square which we were pleased about. The room itself was very dark and drab with old and mismatched furniture and a tiny bathroom. If I got the same deal again (£99 per room per night) I would take the chance and stay there again purely for its location but only for a night or 2 at the most.	
Sep 16 2008 	Lovely Hotel and Staff	I booked this Hotel as a birthday treat for my fiance through Radisson Edwardian direct. I wanted a nice 5* hotel with a great location to go shopping, see the Sound of Music and go to a few bars and this did not disappoint. I was a little concerned before we went, after reading previous reviews on here, but there was no work going on and the staff could not do enough for you, excellent service!The hotel itself was imacculate, the room was not ready on arrival (this seems to happen alot!) but after an hours stroll we arrived back and checked in. They let us leave our luggage their too. The room was fabulous and the en-suite was fantastic, very contemporary, and as a designer by trade, I couldn't fault the finish. It's a shame our room was at the back as there was no view, i was hoping for a room overlooking Leicester Sq but as we were only there for one night, it was ok.Overall, I would reccomend this hotel, I would definately stay again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	We booked the hotel as a mystery 5 star booking through Lastminute.com for £99 for the night. The location was the key factor since we were going a show.When we read the recent reviews for the Hampshire, it filled us with fear that we were going to be staying in an unfinished building site with very rude staff. Thankfully the reality was different!As we walked towards the Hampshire with bags, a well presented porter swiftly came to our aid and offered to carry our bags. The reception was clean and tastefully decorated with no signs of workmen.We arrived 30 minutes before official check in time but we the receptionist did not seem to mind and booked us in. After a few minutes, they informed us that since the king size room booked was not ready, we would be upgraded to a luxury king.The room itself was a good size- spacious even for London! Everything was clean and it appeared to have been recently modernised. We were on the 7th floor adjacent to the suite rooms. At this level, there was still a little noise in the morning which was probably due to sleeping with the window open (The air con was not really up to much)We didn't have breakfast included in the price but ate at the hotel anyway because my partner had to work in the morning. The advertised breakfast price was £21 each but came to less than that for two even though I had full English and she had eggs benedict with smoked salmon.Overall, I think this is a great hotel to stay in for going to the theatre but lacks leisure facilities for longer stays	
Sep 10 2008 	Fantastic!	Well, I'm not quite sure where some of the other reviewers have been staying, but we had a fantastic time! There were absolutely no refurbishment works going on, the guy on reception was extremely polite and helpful and our room was fantastic! (which was ready when we arrived at 4pm)We stayed in one of the suites and we had a huge living room with comfy sofas, dining table, TWO Bang &amp; Olufsen tvs and a lovely marble bathroom with a separate double shower and bath (and the room was nice and clean). We got a welcome phone call about half an hour after we arrived in our room and when we ordered room service it came promptly and was very nice.This is a fantastic location and we will definitely return the next time we go to London.	
Sep 1 2008 	Fab location disappointing hotel	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com as a topsecret hotel for £99. I was wary of using the top secret system but the hotel was described as '5* elegant and grand hotel' so I really didn't think I could go far wrong. This was a surprise trip for my boyfriends birthday so I really wanted everything to be perfect, and when we saw the hotel from the outside I was really pleased as it does look grand and its literally on Leicester Square so a perfect location. To be honest that's the only real positive unfortunately. I had noticed on lastminute.com when I booked that in small print it did say they were renovating the bar but I wasn't too bothered about that as I knew there'd be plenty of other options. However it is actually the reception area that was being worked on and it was very noisy! The staff kept apologising for the noise and made them stop whilst we checked in which was very nice of them, and you couldnt hear it from our room luckily anyway. When we got to our room I was bitterly disappointed, not only by the size (tiny), which I had half expected anyway from other reviews, but this particular room really was in need of a serious makeover. It was old fashioned and shabby, especially the bathroom where the paint in the bath had chipped away (bathroom was also smaller than the premier travel inns I stay in for work!). We didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't comment on that (we went to The Ivy which was amazing!), but when we returned later that night we decided on a Baileys latte each in the hotel bar and it cost £20, that really hurt! (even in my less than sober state)Really good location, and good price for London at £99, but no way is it 5*, I wouldn't give it anymore than 3* I'm afraid.	
Aug 28 2008 	I can't believe they haven't fixed this....	I was looking to book a stay in London in August 08 and found this hotel again. I stayed there in April 08 - they were in the middle of refurbishing the hotel. I booked it through lastminute.com as a top secret hotel. Boy did I wish I hadn't. Excellent location, that's about the only good thing to say about it. I could not believe there was no warning that this hotel was being so extensively refurbished and now I can't believe a) the refurbishment still seems to be going on and b) people are still complaining about the state of decoration of the rooms. The staff were terrible, really not helpful and there were SO MANY guests complaining, there was generally a queue of unhappy guests every time I went to the desk to complain...And the staggering thing is...this is still going on. I am so glad I came on to read these reviews and avoid the hotel. I booked another hotel this time (also through lastminute) but this time I could read reviews and booked accordingly....I did complain to lastminute about this booking at the time but they did nothing...I'm very surprised to see this still on with no warning about refurbishment.	
Aug 25 2008 	Small Rooms Great Location	Booked the hotel thru lastminute.com as a Top Secret deal so got it for £100 a night which I didn't think was too bad for a five star hotel in central London. However, when we arrived started to realise it might not have been such a good idea after all!! I had requested a non smoking room but there were none available so were given a smoking room, it wasn't too bad in the room itself although the corridor outside stank of smoke.The room was very small and the finish was not to a very good standard. There were some stains on the eiderdown but we didn't use that anyway as the duvet and sheets seemed clean. I wouldn't say this is a 5 star hotel - more like 4 star. The best thing was the location - right on Leicester Square and although we were so close to the centre of things the room was surprisingly quiet, even with the window open. I wouldn't recommend using the mini bar or the bar in the hotel - 2 drinks set us back £20!All in all an OK stay but nothing to write home about.	
Aug 22 2008 	Don't expect too much	I have just returned from London where I had booked the 5 star Hampshire Radisson Edwardian Hotel as a “top secret hotel” through lastminute.com.I was extremely disappointed about this hotel which is supposed to be the flagship of Radisson Edwardian Hotels. When I arrived I was checked into one of the standard rooms. All the rooms of this category have small queen size beds which are not really suitable for 2 grown adults. When I went back to reception I was told that this is all they could offer in this category but they are happy to upgrade me to a standard king size room at a supplement of GBP 25.00 per night. I didn’t really understand why a standard double is not the same as a standard king size but after a long pointless discussion with a rather “nice but useless” receptionist, I agreed to pay the supplement and finally got a room with a larger double/king size bed.I also need to mention that in addition to the bed being too small, the standard room which I was shown first was in an extremely poor condition. The curtains were dirty and had holes in them, the carpet was full of paint stains and in the bathroom the paint came of the bath tub. All what I could see was in desperate need of a refurbishment. Unfortunately even in the upgraded room category I experienced a problem again. The shower was leaking so that after every shower the bathroom was completely flooded. I informed reception and unfortunately their maintenance team was not able to fix it. So I had to move again and the duty manager showed me several rooms before I finally found one which was acceptable.Even in this room there were again minor problems. The minibar was out of order and there was no hair dryer in the room. Again only after speaking to reception, both of these problems were fixed the following day.I brought all these things directly to the attention of the General Manager. He agreed to waive the supplement for two of the nights but didn’t even apologize for the problems I experienced. This hotel was advertised by lastminute.com as a top secret “Grand 5 star” hotel. I am not sure if their contractors were really shown the rooms which I have seen but there was nothing “Grand” about it. Like most London hotels, the lobby is much nicer than the rooms and usually the better the location, the poorer the quality of the hotel.In this case I can only say, if you can get a good deal at this hotel (around GBP 99.00 per room per night) and you are happy to accept a 3 star room quality with an excellent location, than this is the hotel for you.	
Aug 21 2008 	Not a 5*	My comments are similar to other posters, and it seems to be a recurring theme about rooms not being ready for check in at 2pm. We arrived at 11am, not expecting to check in but to drop our bags while we went out for the afternoon. However, we did check in but the room was not ready, but were told it would be at 2pm. We returned at 4pm and the room was still not ready. Throughout the course of our stay we noted that this happened regularly, with the bar area being full of people waiting for their rooms. The room was a decent size and nicely furnished. I had emailed ahead requesting a room with a view on a high floor, however we were allocated a room on the 2nd floor facing a brick wall. We had also rang ahead to ensure that there was an iron and ironing board in the room and were told that there was, however we could not find it. Also, we waited half an hour for our bags to be brought up, and ended up ringing reception who also arranged for an iron to be supplied. The bathroom was nice but the shower had a serious leak, which meant that half the towels were used up drying the floor. When we came back the next day at 5pm, our room had not been serviced, however it had once we came back from dinner. There seems to be a fundamental problem with the organisation of the hotel's housekeeping as every day our room wasn't serviced until very late in the afternoon, however on our last morning as we were getting ready to check out, the maid arrived at 7.30am! Breakfast was included in our room rate and was fine, but i wouldn't have paid an additional £21 for it. Also, one morning there was a mouse running around in the dining room (we think it came in from an open outside door as opposed to from the kitchen) which wasn't very pleasant. The location of the hotel is brilliant, we walked to all the main attractions and never needed to use the tube. However, being on a low floor meant that it was very noisy in the evenings and there were gaps around the window frames which let in a draft along with the noise. This hotel is nice but it is definitely not a 5*, there was considerable construction work on the lower ground floor which was dangerous to pass when using the restrooms, and I heard several people complain about this who were all ignored with a shrug from the reception staff.	
Jul 31 2008 	Very Tired Hotel - Horrible Service Room	I am a Gold Elite with Radisson (+50 nights a year, etc) so I see a lot of Radisson's and this is by far and away the worst Radisson I have ever stayed at.The Service and particularly the front desk manager (Jorge) was absolutely horrible. Probably the most condescending guy I have ever met-- just absolutely horrible service and he could care less and just smiled and laughed.Forget any benefits at this hotel (even if you are frequent)- No additional benefits for being Gold Elite- No Late Checkout- No upgrade to a better room I asked for an extra hour beyond the check-out time and was told only if I paid 20 or 25 pounds per hour! (thanks for you loyalty sir!)I was given a room right above the kitchen and looking at an alley/wall. So my room always smelled like french fries (gag!!)The only good factor about this hotel is the location-- it is very central-- but for the price-- you can also find better.I will go out of my way not to stay here again!!	
Jul 31 2008 	Not recommended	Check in time is 2 pm, we were told it would be ready by then but it was only ready an hour and a half later. The sink in the bathroom was blocked, I had to call maintenace to fix it. The hairdryer in our room was covered with make-up. A disappointing experience despite the great location. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed for a long weekend at the end of July and the hotel was amazing, the room was a little small however extremely clean and tidy and no noise for a prime location. The breakfast was included and was excellent. The hotel is an excellent location all the satff are extremely helpful with regards to calling cabs etc anything you require.I would definitely stay again it is expensive but the service we recieved and the location of the hotel made it worth every penny!	
Jul 5 2008 	Very nice stay..........	Returned today from a very pleasant stay at The Radisson Hampshire. We decided on the Radisson Hampshire due to the localityWe went to the first preview showing, after the Premier ,of Mamma Mia - The Movie. At the Odeon. Leicester SquareThere were very few negatives about this Hotel and I will list them first:Our room wasn't ready until nearly 5pmToilet roll holder was coming off the wallThick dust under coffee tablePositives:Large King Suite with a large settee and two chairsNice quality bedding &amp; Bed was very comfortablelRoom Very Clean [apart from the coffee table]Large Bathroom with bath,shower over &amp; glass panelShower cubicle with 3 body jetsToilet Cubicle and you could close the door!Lovely white towels/Dressing gown and SlippersNice Shampoo &amp; Body Wash fixed beside the BathAlso in shower cubicle and beside double sinksWhen we got back at 10:30pm The bed had been turned down ,clean towels in the bathroom, shower and bath cleaned! Large Opening window that looked over Leicester Square which when closed kept out any noiseBreakfast was very expensive at £21 per personHOWEVER.................The desk clerk, J R kindly apologised by giving us a free breakfast each due to us having to wait for 3 hours for our room to be ready! Also endless coffee and tea while we waited, which i thought was a nice gesture actually....In fact all the staff were very pleasant, polite,helpful and accommodatingWould I stay here again?Yes!!! At the drop of a hat. It is now my favourite hotel in London	
Jun 22 2008 	Ideal place to stay.	We have just returned from a two night stay at the Hampshire for our anniversary and have had a great time. The location of this hotel is brilliant for theatres and close to the tube. While we were there there was a huge out door concert taking place in the square so it was not good for taxis to get to the hotel door but it was not a major problem. The check in was very swift with the door man taking our bags and asking our names as we went inside and by the time we got to the desk the girl had our details up and was ready with the paper work. They had even made a note of the fact it was our anniversary and there was a bottle of wine waiting in the room. We had a very nice room that ok, could be classed as a bit on the small side width ways but had a king size bed that was very comfortable. The bathroom too had all you needed with toiletries, huge fluffy towels and robes. We tried the room service menu for a quick burger and chips and it was very good, with 'real' chips too ! The mini bar prices are much the same as anywhere else so you know what you are letting yourself in for as soon as the fridge door opens. Breakfast was also good with good quality fruit juces and cold items from a buffet, they take orders for you cooked items and the only thing that was not very good was the eggs bennedict. The staff were very good, the door man was a star, we had asked for a taxi to take us to a restaurant on saturday night and as I have said the square was heaving due to the concert, this chap ran down the square and lead the cab up as far as he could to save us having to push through the crowd. Do not worry about places to eat, there are hundreds on the door step and you are also only a few mins' walk from china town if you love chinese food. On the whole we had a good stay, for what we wanted to do it was perfect and we would more than likeley stay there again when we do another theatre weekend. Gripes? ......a couple, getting an alarm message through the TV at about 07.15 sunday morning just to tell us the restaurant was likely to get full between 90.30 and 11.00 did not go down well and also two Southern Comforts costing the best part of £24, we paid £20 for two good glasses of Champage and that did not bother us but £24 for a couple of shots...now that hurt !!!!	
May 26 2008 	Location and style	This hotel is located on Leicester Square and is within easy walking distance of all Londons best attractions and theatres.We stayed 2 nights in a standard room on the 7th floor and had no problems with noise. The room is on the small side compared to other similar quality hotels but ours was clean and comfortable. The lifts were undergoing maintenance during our stay but other than very minor disruption it caused no problems.We chose to eat out so can't comment on the food but from what we saw it looked ok and the bar was nice. Some really good restaurants and bars nearby as you would expect and the half price theatre ticket booth is directly outside the hotel. The staff were very friendlyWe have stayed in London a number of times now and for a sightseeing visit it is the best for location and value if you get the reduced rate that we got (£300 for 2 nights)	
May 25 2008 	Nice clean great location	Stayed here for a night after seeing Dirty Dancing. Good location, had a room on a high floor at the back of the hotel, looking over the London Eye, Big Ben, Trafalgar Sq. Had a great Thai meal at Susie Wongs in Compton St 10 mins away and then onto the Theatre along The Strand.Would reccommend staying here, although bathroom products were not great.	
May 6 2008 	Brilliant Location	Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend, booked this hotel mainly on its location as it was near to the show we were going to see. First room that we were given was rather dark and a bit worn, however in this room our A/C wasn't working and we were moved to a suite, which was FANTASTIC great views from floor to ceiling windows. Hotel staff were fantastic and really helpfull. Even though I live in London I found everything in the hotel and surrounding area rather expensive nearly £4 for a cup of coffee! In all this hotel is a great base for visiting all the sights of London and staff go out of their way to help you! another plus is the breakfast is great!	
Apr 19 2008 	I was disapointed	You can't beat the location of this hotel. Right in the middle of Leicester Square. The staff were friendly and the rooms were well equipped. However, the reception had a nasty air freshener smell that was covering up a damp smell and the lifts were like something from a horror film complete with scary bump upon arrival at your floor. (They were in the process of being improved apparently). My room smelt damp and stale and I had to air it out for a few hours. My room overlooked the dirty ally as mentioned in another review. We were also disappointed at breakfast. Most London hotels have a great buffet style full English breakfast but with this one you had it cooked for you individually. My daughter is vegetarian so she ended up with one fried egg and a spoonful of mushrooms and tomatoes. We paid 20 pounds each for this breakfast!!! This hotel was advertised as 4* and 5* by some internet sites. All the extras that made it a 4*/5* you paid extra for and after already paying £200 a night I thought this was a bit cheeky. I would recommend the Charing Cross Hotel instead.	
Apr 14 2008 	Disappointing	The hotel looks impressive from the outside and the reception was very nice, however, when we got out of the lift on our floor the decor was decidedly tired and in need of an update, and our room was the same. This was OK considering we had got a cheap deal in the centre of London. What was not OK however were the stains on the bed spread and the pubic hairs in the sink and bath! The bed spread by the way could be bought for £195 according to a booklet in the room. We complained at Reception who apologised and offered us a free drink. We declined this and just asked for a clean bed spread, which was provided. The only other gripe was the water wasn't very hot in the shower. The good point about this hotel was the excellent location right in Leicester Square and just a few minutes walk from the theatres and Covent Garden.	
Mar 25 2008 	A brilliant hotel!!	I stayed in this hotel last weekend, and it was perfect. It is right on Leicester Square, about 3 mins walk from the tube.I booked a standard double, and was extremely impressed. The room was huge, much larger than other reviewers have had, and had an enormous bathroom. The room was on a corner, and so I think this was why it was so big. It was on the 5th floor, and the view was great - right across Leicester Square, towards the Odeon. I think I was lucky, as it was a standard room, and I had not requested a view, high floor etc.The room was newly decorated, and completely clean - it had lots of cupboard space, and a fab flat screen TV.You cannot beat this hotel for location - it is right in the middle of everything, walkable to so many places - Oxford Street, Covent Garden, the theatres etc.I got a really good rate on lastminute.com, but this hotel is worth the high price it charges. The staff were really friendly, the hotel was spotlessly clean - I will stay here again without question on my next trip to London.	
Mar 7 2008 	Bad start....but came good in the end!	I booked a deluxe king online and requested a high floor overlooking Leicester square. W hen we checked in we had been allocated a room on the 1st floor (101) which i was quite annoyed with but hey didn't matter too much....until i saw it that is!The room was really small, dark and dank, and in need of repair, also the smell of food was overwhelming, as for the view...i felt we were practically in Leicester square! we actually overlooked some roadworks! I went back to reception as was dealt with by a very helpful lady by the name of Maggie, she explained they were fully booked etc etc but would see what she could do, we went back to the room and waited half hour when she called and said they had another room on the 6th floor which we went to look at and was much mucu bigger and brighter and cleaner! Anyway after going out for dinner and a few drinks we came back to our room where they had moved our bags etc and finally enjoyed our stay!Overall its a nice hotel, just in need of some refurb, corridors are dark as well and kept getting lost! The location is excellent, couldn't be more central. Breakfast was very nice the next morning and the staff are all very friendly and helpful. I have wrote to the hotel but as yet not had a reply.....so watch this space!Advice to anyone staying here - request a high floor!	
Feb 17 2008 	Great location great time	I booked this hotel as a secret hotel on lastminute.com, not knowing where we would be staying, and have to say I was not disappointed. I emailed for a view looking onto Leicester Square a few weeks before our stay and our needs were met. Shame a film premiere was not on otherwise we would have had a perfect view. Staff were polite and always tried to help. They offered to keep luggage for the day and book transport if needed.Was quite humourous that the hotel staff assumed my boyfriend and I were married, I think they realised they were wrong when i repeatedly giggled... I think they did it to include both of us in the conversation rather than just the name on the hotel booking.Room was big enough, however the bed was slightly on the small side for my 6'1 boyfriend. You could also hear the noise from the water pipes. However noise from the square was not as loud as we expected. The room had oriental pictures yet old fashioned furniture. Would be happy to stay there again.	
Feb 14 2008 	Loved the room 	I was transferred to thi s hotel from the Kenilworth &amp; was so glad! The room was large with a Bang &amp; Olufsen flat screen, ( not sure what kind of room I was given) Staff were attentive and helpful and the view of London was wonderful! Over the rooftops I had a view of the London Eye, Big Ben and Nelsons Column! Location is great also! I would definitely stay again!	
Feb 10 2008 	Beautiful view fab hotel	Well initially we were booked into the Kenilworth on Gt Russell St, however after arriving there we were told there was a problem with our booking!!! uh oh we thought, where we going to stay tonight??? However, the lovely lady there explained that the website had double booked us and that they had upgraded us to the Hampshire for the same rate and they would pay our taxi fare to the hotel. Fantastic we thought, its so nice that the hotel had prepared for our arrival and made sure we came off better! Not many hotels do that!After arriving at the Hampshire, we were given a beautiful room, with an amazing view of the London Eye, Nelson's Column, Parliament, Big Ben!!!! Could we ask for more??? I think not! The room itself was gorgeous, small in size, but the view was amazing, we didn't really spend much time in the room anyway! The only complaint we had with the room was that the bed was too short for my partner (he's over 6ft) his feet were just off the end of the bed! Not that much of a problem though, we paid such a cheap price for one of the nicest hotels in London!The Bathroom was lovely, nice deep bath, lovely toilletries. A bang &amp; Olfsun TV for the room. Turn down service at night...I don;t think i could fault this hotel,the staff were fantastic too - answering our every question with a smile! Nothing was too much for them at all!Considering we hadn't booked this hotel, i was very happy when moved there and would without a doubt stay there again!The best thing about this hotel is the location! Bang in the middle of Leicester Sq, round the corner to Trafalgar Sq and Strand, 15 mins to london eye and Big Ben - walking distance, 10 mins walk to dominion theatre (We Will Rock You is a must see!!!) We saw all the sites we wanted to see in 1 afternoon - no rushing, even stopping for a picnic on St James Park, what a fantastic location!Ps - dont visit the Angus Steakhouse on the corner near the hotel, they pack you in like sheep and its way overpriced for what you get - even in London terms!!! i had to ask a couple to move their table so i could get out to leave, others were doing the same! Not worth the stress i'm afraid!Hope this helps	
Jan 18 2008 	Fantastic location! Lovely staff! 10/10!	After changing my mind at last minute &amp; booking the Radisson instead of my original choice - I can safely say I'm very very glad I did! The hotel itself was lovely. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. But the location is the speciality in my opinion... its second to none! Placed right in the heart of everything... a great choice of restaurants and nightlife, casinos, bars, all the west end theatres within walking distance &amp; Piccadilly Circus on the door step - we couldn't have asked for better. &amp; you'd think from hearing all that, that when getting back to the room it would be really noisy - quite the opposite! It was pitch black and silent which gave us a great night's sleep! The room was of a high standard. When we arrived at the hotel, we were upgraded to a suite instead of the room we booked which was a nice surprise!Also happy that there is Leicester Sq car park literally 2 mins round the corner and if you're going to a theatre you can get upto 72 hrs parking half price if you take the car park ticket to the theatre to get stamped! (check with the theatre &amp; car park first though coz they don't all do it!)The only thing that slightly dampened the mood - which is nothing to do with the hotel in anyway - but if you do go, check for road closures in the area because we were driving round and round in circles for at least an hour because one of the surrounding roads was shut right next to Leicester Sq - but I'm not used to London - maybe thats just London?? I don't know!But overally - it was fab! Would definitely recommend it to most travellers... business &amp; pleasure!	
Jan 5 2008 	Good traditional hotel in excellant location	We go into the west end of london about twice a year for a show / shop / theatre and try to book a variety of different hotels. This Radisson overlooks Leicester Square (with more than adequate sound proofing) we requested the square side for the views. Room traditional style which we liked (unlike futuristic Waldorf or St Martins Lane hotels). Reception and all staff met or exceeded expectations and price was reasonable and comparable to some of the more tired hotels. We recommend this Hotel and great location.	
Dec 30 2007 	Certainly Not Five Star - You have Been Warned...	Booked 2 night stay in a suite, extremely poor from start to finish. Arrived at 7pm room not ready, had to sit in bar for over an hour, we were told the previous guests had extended their stay due to flight delays! Not sure what would have happened if we had arrived at normal 2pm check-in time.. Suite booked at £209 per night excluding breakfast - poor standard of housekeeping (didn't complain about this initially as only here for short stay and had sat in the bar long enough wasting time). Room not cleaned at all on the second day, receptionist told us this is standard practice in Radisson hotels and that guests must request if required!! Didn't realise this and after a days shopping returned to the hotel to find bed unmade and towels in the bath - not what you want to come back to, just wanted to relax for an hour before we went to see a show. Give this hotel a miss.	
Dec 17 2007 	could be better	Great location and extreamly helpfull and friendly staff,the standard rooms that we had were small and a very poor layout,my room was looking out over an ally at the side of the hotel...not the best view in the world and their was rubbish waiting to be collected building up,with a small family of rats trotting around in it....food was excellent but far to expensive breakfast was £20 and the mini bar......well unless money is no object leave it closed and go to the pub over the way.overall a good place to stay but dont forget to take plenty of money you will need it.	
Dec 16 2007 	Very friendly	My first impression of this hotel came when greeted by the genuinely friendly doorman in a bowler hat! He was anxious to help but not overbearingly so as happens in other upmarket hotels.Whilst we only spent one night here, it was an enjoyable stay and I found everyone very helpful and friendly. The location is superb, the hotel comfortable, and the staff great.	
Dec 2 2007 	Some good bits some less so	My wife and I stayed here for two nights as a 'treat' to ourselves. Plus points: the location is superb; the bedroom appeared very modern and fairly recently decorated and, overall, the bedroom was very good; the reception and bar staff were all very friendly and efficient. Minus points; the two lifts are grubby and very slow; our back bedroom looked out onto buildings and a small alleyway (although that meant there was no noise problems other than bottles being put into a bin on Sunday morning); the bathroom had a sliding frosted glass door - modern, but I prefer more privacy!; the room fire alarm went off twice when I turned the heating up (hot air comes from a ceiling vent very near to the sensor). We did not eat in the hotel (you are spoilt for choice in the surrounding area) nor did we use the gym (which may have been under repair) but we had a late night drink in the bar (5 star prices!) which was very pleasant.Overall, the location makes this hotel. As we got a reasonable deal from lastminute.com I did not mind the downsides but if I was paying full price I would have felt cheated. Definitely a 4 star not a 5 star.	
Nov 27 2007	Definitely Not 5 Star	The only thing 5 star about this hotel were the prices - £8.50 for a small bottle of beer and cup of tea from their bar. When we arrived only one lift was working, it remained out of order for the duration of our stay. The other lift was small and filthy. It was virtually impossible to use this lift as it was monopolised by staff carrying cleaning equipment, trays etc. Whilst they rode up and down in comfort the paying guests were using the stairs. One woman had to carry her cases down 7 flights of stairs. Our room was cramped and dirty with an outlook on to a brick wall. At breakfast time we had to eat our meal from a coffee table situated in the bar where other guests queue to go into the restauarant. The service was very slow, by the time we got our cooked breakfast the tea was finished and toast cold. This hotel in know way deserves it's 5 star rating.	
Nov 11 2007 	Good location but overpriced and showing its age.	Booked a King non-smoking room for a business stay, when checked in, was told that a king bed would be an additional 40GBP. Got up to the room and it reeked of stale cigarette smoke. Nice view of London though.Shrugged it off. Tried to get some laundry and pressing done. Whoops, no sunday service! When I asked for alternatives, I was told 'no idea, sorry mate'. Went to press my shirt and the ironing board is a disgrace - ripped cover, no steam. A relic from the 1940s? The bottom appeared stained. Using a cloth as a buffer I pushed ahead. Whoops! stained the shirt. Call reception for a new ironing board. The oblige and express surprise that I couldn't get laundry service. (Pardon?!) The manager even says that they could have sent it out for me. &lt;sigh&gt;Room smells, so they go to show me another (1/2 the size and facing a brick wall). The room was literally too small to set out my suitcase. Repeat x4. The one room that was a reasonable size (like my first) has an extremely awkward layout (can't get to the bathroom sink as it is behind the door and the bathroom size makes it tight to close the door when you're in it).Back to the smelly room. It's midnight now and I'd like a drink from the bar to unwind. The services book says 24hrs for residents. The staff disagrees.Would not recommend this hotel. It is in no way up to Radisson standards.	
Oct 19 2007 	Great Location But...	Great location for theater goers like we are. Breakfast is rather expensive but nice. WiFi in the lobby is a poor solution to those of us addicted to email. Rooms are small especially for the price. I got a deluxe room and it was not good value for the money. Service is okay but slow. If you need anything it will be a wait. Not what I expected for the price (or name)	
Aug 23 2007 	A wonderful hotel	We spent a single night at this lovely Radisson Hotel in June. The location at Lecister Square was fantastic, a short walk to Covent Garden and the City. An unexpected highlight was that we were able to see all the stars arriving for the Die Hard Premier from our room window which was a bit fun!We stayed in a deluxe king room which was fantastic and very spacious, particularly after some very small rooms in the UK. The furnishings were lovely and the common areas of the hotel were also appealing.We didn't get to experience breakfast at the hotel as our time in London was very short, however we will certainly be coming back to the Hampshire next time we are there.	
Aug 11 2007	Great location but....	Just come back from 2 x nights at the HampshireAs other travellers have said, a fantastic location and from our experience friendly staff.But, our room (first floor) was relatively small, was in need of a refurb ie rotten bottoms of door joinery where water from shower had eroded, ill fitting carpet with some iffy stains on it etc etcRoom was quote noisy depsite double glazing also...HOWEVER!Last day, just before checkout we saw a Cockroach (a fairly big one!) running around on the wall in our room. I called reception who immediately apologised and said someone would be up immediately to remove....15xmins later...I had to call again and eventually a guy came up and 'got rid'Obviously seeing a Cockroach in your room doesnt fill you with enthusiasm....We mentioned this to the hotel staff at checkout who again apologised and offered to give us a free breakfast..So, I dont think that we would stay at the Hampshire again...solely for the Cockroach incident, although it is a great location.( I have a photo of the extra guest if anyone would like it!)	
Jul 23 2007 	Great Service at the Hampshire	I stayed at the Hampshire for three nights in late June, and the stay was wonderful. The hotel itself is nothing spectacular, it is more understatedly elegant than in-your-face luxurious. The decor is heavily influenced by the Orient, quite muted, blacks, greys, with some primary coloured accents. It lends a hushed atmosphere to most of the public areas.With regards the location, one could hardly get closer to the centre of London nightlife, the hotel being on Leicester Square. However, do not fear sleepless nights due to noise from late night revellers on the square, the rooms are well sound-proofed and nicely furnished. I was offered an upgrade on check in, from a standard double (hotels do insist on calling their standard rooms something fancy, such as Luxury or Deluxe, but a rose by any other name........), to a Junior Suite. I could not see any apparent reason for the upgrade, except perhaps that I had arrived early and my designated room had not been vacated. The room had all the facilities one would expect from a 5 star hotel, in room safe, ironing board &amp; iron, trouser press, marble bathroom, complimentary Molton Brown toiletries, fluffy bathrobes, minibar, tv with pay per view movie channels, etc, etc.Anyone who has stayed in 4 or 5 star hotels knows the extra stars are not to do with the quality or sumptuousness of the rooms, but all to do with the hotel facilities and service offered. In the latter, this hotel rose above others I have stayed in. The staff were exemplary in their service and attention to detail. I particularly single out the bar and waiting staff for being helpful. I ordered a cocktails that were not on the bar menu, and this was no problem at all. Similarly, in the terrace restaurant I had special requests which seemed no problem for the chef to fulfill. It is extra service like this that can make one's trip that little bit better.Some points to note. Construction work is currently underway in the basement, to provide more fitness/spa facilities. There is no disruption to the guests.One gripe I had was the fact there are only two rather antiquated elevators, and as the hotel is spread over 7/8 floors, one can wait an inordinate amount of time for the elevator to arrive. In addition, during my stay, hotel staff were using these same elevators as service lifts for housekeeping trolleys, room service, etc, which made the wait even longer. I do hope they include an upgrade during their renovations.With regards food and drink, it is good but quite expensive, even for London. They appear to only serve premium grade spirits, so a gin was £15.00 (no Gordons, only Tanqueray or Bombay Sapphire). Mind you, I think there may be method in their madness, one couldn't get very drunk, and this keeps the tone of the bar quite upmarket.Because Leicester Square, and most of the small streets leading up to it are pedestrianised, arriving with luggage involves disembarking from a taxi or public transport some distance from the hotel. Disabled or infirm patrons, beware.But to sum up, lovely hotel, great location with fabulous staff.	
Jul 23 2007 	Wonderful Hotel friendly staff	I was one of a party of 4 adults going to have a short weekend break in London. I have stayed in several London hotels before and have always wanted to stay in the Radisson Hampshire since I had enjoyed a drink in the bar prior to attending 'The Holiday, film premiere' in December 2006. I booked a car with the hotel concierge 'Alex', to pick us up at the airport. As we were leaving for the airport the same concierge phoned me to inform me that our plane had been cancelled. ' How's that for excellent service'. This forward thinking enabled us to quickly travel by train instead. We arrived approx 11pm in the evening and the staff were very attentive and helpful. The bar area is wood panelled and stone flooring. Our rooms were overlooking Leicester Square, but extremely quiet. The decor was stylish and spacious. The theme of our room was Faux 'crocodile skin' and Chocolate brown fabric. Carpet was a soft heavy beige pile.The large bathroom was all marble and inviting. We were seated without delay for breakfast. The chairs were tan leather and the tables are solid dark wood. The service was speedy and the food excellent.The breakfast was included in our stay, however I did notice on the menu,the extra cost would have been £19 pp.We had our evening meal booked at a wonderful restaurant by Alex the Concierge and we were then free to take advantage of the hotels prime LOCATION !! Really i can only praise the Hotel and the staff. . I didn't go the gym so I have no comment to make about the facilities. The hotel car returned my party to Heathrow and the driver was also a good reflection of the hotel's 5 * rating. Having viewed other reviews I can only assume that peoples expectations and experiences can be very different. I recommend this hotel to all other trip advisors and will visit again when I am back in London.	
Jul 18 2007 	5* Location - 3* Hotel	I normally stay in the business district but as my girlfriend was with me we decided to look for a hotel closer to the hub and thought this hotel would be Ideal.The location of the hotel is superb and the exterior looks promising but once you step inside it goes downhill.On arrival we were asked for a credit card (I had already paid) and as they could not get it to swipe ( My card issuer offers a second card for hotels / Internet so staff don't steal info ) the operator decided to inform the entire lobby that the payTV and minibar would be locked.The lift has been known to stick was the first bit of info from a member of staff who then showed me the stairs which had no door handle and had to be opened from the bottom of the door.The rooms were tiny and looked more like the travel lodge than a 5 star hotel but as it was only for a night we decided to stay.In the morning we went for breakfast and as I sat down I banged my leg on the table which had a leg just off the centre of top. This meant that unless your very small you will have to sit at an angle. I was then approached by someone who claimed to be the restaurant manager who asked me to complain as hes sick of people being injured. If you sit and listen you will hear people banging their legs all morning ..All in all it needs a full refit, some staff training and a visit form the chaps who rated it 58 in the first place	
Jun 24 2007 	Fabulous location pleasant hotel	This hotel is woefully underrated. Please read Sean in Arizona. I have a similar background, and I echo his remarks. I've stayed at this hotel twice and have loved it both times. I especially don't understand the reviews that say &quot;Great location, but....&quot; For great cities like London, location is everything.And the location of this hotel is amazing. You can walk everywhere. You're on the edge of Soho, surrounded by all kinds of restaurants. (The hotel has none, but it has a nice bar/lounge for afternoon cocktails/tea). You walk to the theater, walk to the museums (the National Gallery and Portrait Gallery are behind the hotel), walk to Trafalgar and Piccadilly and Whitehall and the Thames. The tube station is a 5-minute walk if you don't want to hike to Hyde Park and Knightsbridge.We got deeply discounted rates and got spacious, pleasant rooms. For our last stay we got a beautiful room overlooking the Square. Sean is probably right, street noises aren't completely sealed out, so if there's partying on the Square, you'll hear it unless you get a back room. On the other hand, Leicester Square is closed to traffic, and since there usually is no partying, it will be serene. And I agree, who cares about soap dispensers!The public areas are compact, but nicely decorated. I always get a good feeling walking through the front door. The staff are kind, and the concierge is most helpful. They are a bit backward about internet in the rooms, but like Sean, I use the lobby pc.I give 4 stars only compared to the 5-star Savoy (1 stay), the Berkeley (2) and Claridges (2). But for less than half the price, fine amenities and a 5-star location, the Hampshire can't be beat. If you want to live in your hotel, this may not be your cup of tea. But if you are in London to be out and about, this is the place.	
May 30 2007 	Location Location Location	Let me begin my review by stating that I am a TRAVELER not a TOURIST. I have been to Europe many times and know what to expect and not expect. I never stayed at this property before, and decided to read what others had said… not that I place full value on these reviews, but some have merit. I’m so glad I took the reviews with a grain of salt as I had a very pleasant stay. First of all, the location… Priceless, I was in the heart of every thing… I walked everywhere…I was a 10 min walk to the British Museum, a 10 min walk to Parliament, 5 min walk to Piccadilly. It was nice to have eateries around my hotel open early and stay open late… I could not have picked a better location. The Hotel…Faces Leicester Square… Which can be a blessing for location, but sometimes the square fills with events or concerts, which can rob you of quite time. The hotel itself was very clean. Older, of course, it’s Europe. The staff f was very pleasant upon check in… the first room they showed me was extremely small and the bed had seen better days. I rang up and request a change, which they did, but as the hotel was full, it took a while. I had room 504, at the back of the hotel. No, I did not face the square.. But I did have a great view of Big Ben and the EYE....and very quite. The room was of average size for Europe hotels, good quality sheets, large marble bath, and a shower with tons of pressure and hot water…(actually the pressure was so great the floor was covered with water every time I showered …small price to pay for an invigorating shower.) I see past reviewers where shocked by the “pump” dispensers of shampoo and bath gel in the room…No bother to me… I’m smart enough to bring my own brands with me when I travel…no disappointments. The In room internet was fairly good… I wonder what kind of computers these other people owned that they felt the internet was slow. I must say though, the “Internet area on the 7th floor” with 2 computers was open daily 24 hours; I used it for printing… very handy.My room had a pants press, iron and board, desk/work area, not many drawers, but plenty of hangers. The TV was tiny by American standards, but as I had the internet to TV and DVDs with me … I didn’t even use it. The Mini Bar was strange..as you even &quot;moved&quot; items you would be charged.. not a problem I was still able to place some items in there.Radisson had quite a few properties in the area that I will try in the future. However if you are wrestling between this hotel and the Ritz… by all means, take the Ritz. However, if you want an EXCELLENT location for dining, shopping and bar hopping, stay at this hotel… not bad… FIVE STARS ????…hmmm I’d Give it FOUR STARS	
May 25 2007 	Great Location	Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel last Saturday night, we booked a double room through lastminute.com and got a really good price. Check in was really quick, we had a room on the first floor which was nice and clean, not a great view but we didn't mind. Bathroom was lovely as was the incredibly powerful shower. We were out and about most of the time so we didn't spend a lot of time in the room. We did have a drink in the hotel bar which was nice and the bar staff were friendly. The only gripe we had was a loud truck collecting rubbish and bottles very early on the Sunday morning which woke us both up. We didn't stay for breakfast but found a lovely little cafe just outside the hotel entrance on the right hand side and we sat outside in the sunshine for a full english and tea. We would definately stay again as location in London is everything to maximise your time here.	
Apr 23 2007 	not five star	Stayed here this weekend, excellent location, lovely staff. Rooms very tired looking and soap dispensers attached to wall i.e if you're having a bath you have to keep standing up to reach soap!! all the little things for a five star hotel missing, breakfast arrived with most of it missing. Would not stay here again, there are far better hotels in london and not at these prices	
Mar 25 2007 	So-so - no way 5 stars	Stayed at the REH for three nights during July 2006Check-in and concierge service was top class - however, the upper floor room was only average with a view of the building opposite.The bathroom was small with a shower that, albeit powerful, had a mind of it's ownThe hotel was fine arranging transport for us - we were even given free drinks whilst be awaited our cabThe lounge areas are lovely, as is the decor as you enter the hotelBut this is no way a 5 star establishment - the rooms are no more than 3 star at bestIt is idealy situated .... and this is why you pay over-inflated prices to stay here	
Feb 8 2007 	Great location...and that's it!!	I stayed in Radisson Edwardian Hampshire in the last week of January 2007. I had a standard queen bedroom with a nice view. I agree with most of the reviews: the location is great, but the hotel is not a five stars. I would say it is rather an old and badly kept 3 starThe matress shoul dhave been replace 25 years ago! The bathroom was ok but small. The gym was closed : I was given given the chance to go to another Radisson hotel that was close by, but for an extra charge.	
Feb 6 2007 	Satisfactory	We booked this hotel through a website and secured a great price of £125 per night on a double for a friday and saturday.The best thing about the place was its location, right on Leicester Square within walking distance of the theatres and several great restaurants.The lobby and bar were small but smart although there was certainly not a five star feeling. Staff were polite but not over-friendly and did not have much knowledge about London - the check-in person could not direct us to the palladium.The room was large for london and tastefully if not luxuriously furnished although the bed was huge and very comfortable. The bathroom was marble with a decent bath and fantastic power shower. Shame that the soap, shampoo and showergel were fitted to the wall in locked dispensers- the kind you might get in a busy gym or a premier lodge!Our room was at the back and looked directly into a semi derelict property about 10 metres across an alley.Breakfast was an eye-watering £19. Don't bother as there are loads of decent places around. In fact my tip would be to walk down to The Wolseley on Picadilly for the best breakfast/brunch in London. Our great weekend break was marred by the horrific noise of building work that started in the alley outside our window at 7.30 on Sunday morning. It ruined any chance of a lie-in. Judging by the harrassed receptionist at check-out, many guests had not appreciated this racket. The hotel claimed thay had not been informed that work would start so early and apologised. Fair enough it was not their fault but maybe they should be careful where they place guests. The whole hotel is being refurbed at the moment so maybe some rooms were not availiable to let.All in all, if you can get a really good price and a room away from construction, the location of this hotel makes it a good choice. It really does not warrent a 5* rating though.	
Jan 29 2007 	Just alright.	My partner and I booked 2 nights in the Hampshire through hotels.comThere was a difficulty with the booking and the desk staff and night manager were both most unhelpful. This was for a room with a rack rate of £395 per night.Once we got it sorted, they appeared quite defensive and rude to us. I was made to feel grateful for staying at their hotel. There are currently renovations so the gym is closed and we were greeted with the sound of jackhammers going full blast on Saturday morning. There are no windows at the front of the hotel that have not been boarded up.The room itself was simply adequate. There was a living area and bed area in the same room. Each had a mid-nineties television with only the 5 standard UK channels, CNN, BBC News 24, Sky News and Cartoon Network. Even if they had DAB they would get more than that. It was impossible to turn one TV on at once because the second would pick up the remote control from the other. Occasionally though it would not so you have two tvs with different shows on, making it impossible to listen to.The taps and bath in the bathroom could do with a good cleaning.There are several items which are locked to the table, such as the radio alarm clock. I would be surprised if someone staying in a 5* suite would steal the radio alarm clock. And if they did, their credit card could be charged like the welcome booklet advised £95 would be charged for taking the well-used bathrobe.We were staying on the seventh floor and had a great view over Leicester Square and could see St Paul's Cathedral, BT Tower, Odeon Cinema etc. but the elevators are old and very slow.We were also expected to pay £19 per person per day for breakfast. Needless to say, we did not.All in all, the hotel was adequate but if you intend to spend £395 per night on a hotel room, I really cannot recommend this.It is nice to stay in Leicester Square. I was able to look out our wi	
Jan 10 2007 	great position	I booked this hotel at a good price on Londontown.com for myself and my 13 year old son. We went to see Spamalot which is bonkers and totally superb.We had a great twin room on the corner overlooking Leicester square. You cannot fault the positioning of this hotel ( the old Royal Dental Hospital), except that so close to Christmas (18th Dec) there were quite a few revellers still going at 3am outside.The room was large and comfortable with a fantastic shower and a welcome tea tray. The hotel lacked a communal seating area other than the bar which was always busy ,so I struggled to find a place to sit with my son whilst waiting after checking out. I am reassured by reception that this area is due for a makeover shortly so perhaps they will increase the seating arrangements so you don't find it necessary to order expensive drinks at the bar to justify taking a seat.Breakfast was lovely , full english included for us (we had pancakes) and very civilised, not hurried or crowded and in comfortable chairs.Smollenskys burger bar a couple of doors away had really lovely and friendly staff and the food pretty good too for burgers.	
Dec 10 2006 	5 Star location but not 5 star experience	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (Friday &amp; Saturday). Whilst it certainly has a 5 star position in Leicester Square, we did not feel as though we had a 5 Star experience which confirmed the general thrust of the Trip Advisor reports. We were with a group of 8 colleagues and their spouses, despite there being 3 check-in desks, this seemed to overwhelm them all and it took us 25 minutes to get our keys. Our room, a standard double on the 2nd floor, was very small, more like what I would expect at a 3 star hotel. The view was awful, a grotty brick wall and a few dirty office windows! There were no net curtains which made us feel very exposed to whoever might have been in the rooms opposite and just served to accentuate the ‘view’. The room was clean and well presented; however, the bathroom seemed a little tired. The room lacked the care and attention to detail I would expect from a 5 Star hotel, for example was no spare loo roll! Tea and coffee making equipment was hidden away in a bedside cabinet (we only found it by accident). Storage was poor, with no chest of drawers or anywhere to hang a wet coat. Breakfast was very good, but spoilt by a 20 minute for a table. On the positive side, towels were changed twice a day. I filled out the customer feedback form to point out the issues we had, the hotel came back with a very prompt response by e-mail apologising and offering a free upgrade to a King Junior Suite on our next visit – maybe we’ll take them up and see if that lives up to the 5 star rating!	
Dec 10 2006	Good Hotel In A Great Location	I stayed here while on a business trip, and the room was booked by our travel agent. I don't understand a lot of the negative reviews of this hotel - I thought it was great. The location is a huge selling point, since you're directly on Leicester Square and close to everything. The hotel itself is very nice, but I'm not sure about the five star rating. I had a great room, good service from all the staff, and a good night's sleep. If you're a business traveler, you'll find the wireless Internet service to be frustrating. On one hand, it's free, but on the other, it's so slow that it's basically unusable. There are no other in room Internet options that I found.	
Dec 4 2006 	A bit chaotic	We ended up here by mistake - booked one of lastminute.com's &quot;secret hotels&quot; and were told we were going to the Radisson Marlborough. On arrival they said they'd overbooked (by 26 rooms...) , so we were being sent to the Hampshire. They arranged a transfer (but we had to pay the cab driver...).Arrived at 2.30 with check-in meant to be at 2, they said the room wouldn't be ready for another hour at the least. This wasn't very helpful, but they did look after our bags while we went out. I'd paid extra for a king size bed, which this definitely wasn't. (there also wasn't any loo roll in the bathroom but that's a separate question)Phoned to ask if they could move us to an appropriate room. Having overheard the receptionist previously telling someone they were fully booked for the night, I didn't hold out much hope, so was surprised that they did find us a room. Unfortunately it was a smoking room (I'd booked non) - they didn't mention this but the reek of smoke gave it away. We also discovered in the morning that it was opposite the service lift and linen cupboard for the floor - from 8am onwards constant noise.So overall, a pretty chaotic experience. Both rooms had great views, and reasonably efficient double glazing, and for £115 on a Saturday night, not too bad. But I'd definitely not be paying full price for this pretty hit and miss approach to bookings.	
Nov 29 2006 	No way is this hotel more than 3 stars	My partner and I stayed in this hotel to attend a corporate function literally across the road at cafe de paris. During check in/out the staff on reception totally ignored us and gave the impression they would rather be doing anything other than speaking to us. On arrival at our room I was quite disappointed to be greeted by a view of a brick wall and generally shabby room. The carpet was threadbare and the furniture was some strange 70/80's poliched wood effect type stuff that had definately seen better days. However, the bathroom ceiling had definately been repainted recently as dried paint was all over the tiles and bath in the shower area. Incidentally the shower was extremely difficult to control unless you take some strange pleasure from scalding yourself! The room itself was at least clean but the towels and bathrobes were stained and stiff as cardboard where someone had obviously tried to boil wash them. I would have overlooked all of this in light of the excellent location had the piece de resistance not been a waiter walking directly into the room without knocking when I happened to be hunting for my clothes and completely naked. Funnily enough I screamed the place down and my partner was livid as he was taking a shower and thus without clothing also! It transpired that the waiter had been attempting to deliver some complimentary chocolates (which incidentally were rock solid little lumps of dried fruit cake?) and when I informed the duty manager of my distaste he simply said &quot;oh- can we get you a drink in the bar?&quot; and I feel that seeing me in all my butt naked glory (or lack thereof!) is worth more than a poxy glass of cheap house wine.One of my colleagues was also staying and she said she didn't get any complimentary chocolates and that her room was much like ours. This hotel is no where near as nice as nice as it looks on the website, nor is it, in our opinion, more than 3 stars. My work had offered to put me in a travelodge for the night and I wish i had taken them up on it! Also bear in mind that the fab location comes wirh a price- You will most definately be woken throughout the night by the revellers and various deliveries to the hotel and toing and froing etc. Thats no ones fault- its just central London but if you are hoping for a peaceful night's sleep you wont get it. My last piece of advice (as well as putting the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on your door regardless!) is to pay attention to what is included, as when I checked in I was pleasantly suprised to be informed that the tarriff was for room and breakfast, only to have breakfast charged to my credit card at a later date. I must concede though, that once breakfast finally arrived it was very good but I felt distinctly uncomfortable wondering which of the waiters smiling politely at me was the one to have seen me in the buff the night before. In summary, I think this hotel would be fine it were 3 star and the prices reflected that but it is not value for money at all- you are just paying for the location	
Nov 27 2006 	It is not more then three stars hotel	We stayed in the hotel on 26 Nov for two nights.Originally booked for another Radisson but were sent to here because overbooked.The room’s wooden decor is so worn out that visually it looks like a two star hotel. There was no hot water on the first day in the shower! Overall expression - 3 star or 3.5 (my gratitude) stars hotel.Location is just on the Leicester Square in the heart of London, so anything is in walking distance.You still can here some noise even with double glazing.View from our window on 6th floors on London was good. Clean room, no complains to staff, but the room decor is nothing close to five star (three at most). No hot water could be expected in two stars hotel not five/four.I would not stay here again, just because I like to have hot water in the shower before going to bed.	
Nov 27 2006 	Was meant to be an upgrade!! Better at the Holiday inn	A friend and I had taken advantage of a great offer with Virgin, New ID and Radisson.We we're booked into the Grafton (4*) but they had cancelled our booking. After being kept waiting for an hr we were taken to the Hampshire, were we were told our room would be paid for by the Grafton!Our rm was a smoking rm and stunk so bad, we complained only to be told it was the last rm. As we wernt paying we accepted. Our Hot tap did not work and although they told us it would be fixed it never was, then they turned the hot water off all together!!The rm was very dated, very small and the bathroom looked so tatty and uninviting.When we went to check out they denied saying the Grafton would pay and insisted we coughed up!!!Finally we left without paying only to recieve a voice mail later telling me that they had charged my card after all and i needed to take it up with head office!!!!The standard was appalling and I would never recomend this hotel other than for its fab location.	
Oct 11 2006 	Free upgrade	My husband and i stayed in the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire Hotel in Feb of this year. The location was great but like many others was disappointed with the £200 double room.We did'nt say anything but would not of stayed there again. On our return i was sent an E-mail from the hotel as to whether we enjoyed our stay, i mentioned that although the staff were great the room and bathroom a let down. They sent me a reply asking to give them another chance and a free upgrade to a Junior King Suite. Going this weekend. Let you know if i have wasted another £200.	
Sep 20 2006 	Not as good as it used to be	This is my usual hotel of choice when I stay in London as I like to be right in the middle of things and enjoy the buzz of Leicester Square. From the room you can usually see right into the Capital Radio studio and also watch the crowds in the Square itself.It is not a cheap place to stay. I had just an average room which cost £200 per night and unfortunately this was the first time I did not receive an upgrade, mainly due to it being completely booked up. I've always stayed there out of season before.The room service menu is over-priced and is a bit confusing. I ordered the continental breakfast at £17.50 and on the menu was listed toast, rolls, pastries, cereal and a selection of fruit and cheese and jams. I expected all of the list but when the brekkie arrived it consisted of just toast, cheese and orange juice. When I complained about this I was told that the items listed were to be selected and that nobody ever got the whole lot. So I think £17.50 for 2 slices of bread (albeit toasted), a slice of cheddar and a glass of o/j is outrageous.My other gripe is with the bath. You expect a 5-star luxury hotel to have nice baths not ones full of missing enamel. It looked so awful I did not want to get into it.I won't be staying here again - but then you probably guessed that!	
Aug 13 2006 	Excellent stay	Have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel and really enjoyed it. I booked a twin room for my daughter and myself but on arrival realised we had been given a double room. I complained that this was not what I had booked. There was not a twin room available so they upgraded us to a junior suite over looking Leicester Square. This room was fantastic - so spacious, very clean and a wonderful view. Breakfast was included in our deal and though very good, I wouldn't have paid £19 per person for it. Staff were always helpful and friendly. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants within a very short distance from the hotel. All-in-all a perfect location and I would certainly return.	
Aug 6 2006 	Good location but thats about all...	I booked two nights at this hotel for my wife and I and aside from the location (fantastic, right on the square, 2 mins from the tube and walking distance from the theatres) we were disappointed.We booked a superior double room at just under £200 per night, and whilst it was clean, the decor was dated and the room and bathroom were both small. Staff at the desk were friendly but at times, a little too friendly! During each day of our stay, they called the room to ask as 'if everything was okay' - nice at first, but soon became annoying. They even left messages for us on the phone - I found it very odd, and at one point they called whilst we were taking a nap, having arrived jetlagged from our flight!Breakfast was the other problem, and it certainly wasn't just us who had an issue - a young couple in front of us at reception had obviously been mistaken as we had and were trying to protest- when we arrived in the dining room we were offered toast and coffee and were also handed menus with a whole range of foods on, with a price of £19 a head- we were asked if we wanted to order from the menu, and told that if not we could help ourselves from the buffet- we declined to order from the menu and each had a bowl of cereal from the buffet- at checkout they then charged the £38 to my card - It was so unclear, we'd assumed that the £19 a head charge referred to the menu and not to the buffer so be warned! Whether you have everything on the menu or one bowl of cereal, you will be charged £19 which is very steep. Overall I wouldnt reccomend this- it is overpriced and the rooms are small. If you do stay then grab breakfast somewhere on the square!	
Aug 1 2006 	great hotel	stayed at this hotel in july from the moment we walked in we were impressed friendly welcoming reception staff rooms were bright and airy we booked a standard room very nice but small 14inch tv with only a few channels rooms were newly decorated and modern spacious bathroom the real bonus with this hotel is the location perfect for film premiers at the time we stayed miami vice premier was just outside our room window the nearest tube is literally a two minute walk! take the picadilly line directly from heathrow takes about 50mins to leicester square station and its cheap! not luxury but still very good would recommend to a friend!	
Jul 5 2006	Great location very tired hotel....	Great location - walkable to most London theatre district attractions, chonatown, oxford street etc.Hotel public areas are nice - hotel rooms are very tired and beaten up. I have stayed at the property more than once - room experience is consistently below what i would expect.	
Jun 12 2006	Location Location Location	For a weekend stay you just can't beat the location - right in the heart of theatre land which means you don't have to go taxi hunting. Rooms and bathrooms are impressive - make sure you get a room overlooking Leicester Square because it's traffic free which means a very quiet night which must be virtually unique in London. Breakfast was okay, but very pricey, so I'd book a room where it's included in the rate, otherwise go out. It's not worth £19 a head.Lobby and bar are maybe a little small, but staff are all excellent.All in all, way above average for London.	
May 16 2006 	Could walk from hotel to most of the central London attractions	I thought the hotel was characterised by good service with ok facilities in a great area.When I checked in, at first I felt the room was small and it only a had a double bed. What the hell- how big a bed do you need when you are on your own. I was wary of street noise so I requested a quiet room at reception and they assured me that the double glazing kept the noise down. Absolutely true, I had a room overlooking Leicester Square and I can assure you the room was as quiet as any I have stayed in. The aircon was a little noisy.Breakfasts were excellent and all in all this hotel is great if you want to be in the midst of London activity and walk or use the tube to get around. So easy! I paid 180 pounds a night but this seems to be the going rate.	
Apr 30 2006	Good but not great	I stayed here for four nights during the week of April 23. It was nice and as all have noted, the location is superb. I was traveling on vacation with my sister. We had two twins. The room was big enough, but not large. The bathroom was big enough, but not large. The service was good, but not great. The light in the room was okay, not great. (I had a bit of problems adjusting to the time change so we played Scrabble late at night and the room was fairly lit, but not bright.) I will say that it was very clean, the lobby and bar were attractive and (again) the location in Leister Square is fantastic. Finally, I think the reason I am hesitant to say it was great was because it was so expensive. For the price (almost $350 per night on average) it should have been better than good. Even when I factor in the premium that European hotels command, this was just good, not great.	
Apr 21 2006 	Great stay great staff	Stayed at the Radissson on 20 April with 8 of our salespeople on an incentive trip.Staff were efficient and friendly - much more so than I normally find in London Hotels. Alex the trainee concierge is a gem. Gaves us maps, directions and lowdown on bars around Leicester Square and sheperded our late arrivals around as quickly as possible so that they could join us.We stayed in the superior rooms which in truth were not as superior as would be found in some other upmarket London Hotels - but then the other hotels are not in Leicester Square which is a wonderful location for visitors to London. Overall though rooms were more than adequate and certainly met our expectations.Radisson breakfast is fine and hot dishes are individually cooked and served. At £19 is expensive so if not included in room rate there are loads of cafes nearby where you could eat much more cheaply.Wireless internet in the hotel is free which is a bonus as prices for this seem to be increasing rapidly in London Hotels.My room overlooked Leicester Square but no noise at all was discernible.	
Apr 18 2006	Fantastic Location Fantastic Hotel	We have just returned from a wonderful 3 night stay in the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire on Leicester Square - booked as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday. Got a great deal for a classic double room on lastminute(-)and couldn't fault the hotel. I phoned the evening before to request an early check in and when we arrived at 11am our room was ready, we were given an upgrade to a deluxe double room on the 7th floor which had lovely views of the London Eye, Nelsons Column and Big Ben. The room was spacious and comfortable and included fluffy white robes and slippers! Staff were extremely helpful, carried our bags etc. The only thing to watch out for is the prices of drinks in the bar - £7.50 for a small baileys with ice! I will definately be staying in this hotel again soon!	
Feb 27 2006	Great time	Just back from staying 3 nights here on a pleasure break. We arrived the evening of the BAFTA's and immediately regretted not upgrading to a room that over looked Leicester Sq!!! But at the time of booking did't feel the extra cost was justified and we didn't know the BAFTAS were on then...hindsights a great thing! But I still managed to see George Clooney which made up for it!!As previous reviewers have stated, the location is first class and yes the Hotel is expensive for what you get but you are within walking distance of Covent Garden, Trafalger Sq, Picadilly circus. We even walked it to Harrods one day!! Mind you that was bit of a camel trek and would recommend the tube instead!!On checking in we were given room 210 a standard room which had gone through a &quot;Soft refurbishment&quot; ie new wallpaper, curtains and sheets. Our room was great but the bathroom was a bit on the small side and could have done with being refurbished. But that was ok until we were woken very early the next morning by the bin lorry in the side street that we overlooked ( windows although double glazed had gaps....pretty useless) we complained and were given another room on the 7th floor (719) which overlooked the London Eye &amp; Big Ben this was a bigger room and we couldn't have faulted it. A special mention must go to Daniel on reception he was extremely helpful. Rooms were very clean as was the whole of the Hotel.The Breakfast was fantastic.We did have a couple of drinks in the bar before we went out and for a 250ml glass of wine and a G&amp;T we were charged just over £15, thought that was a bit steep but it is a 5 star hotel and London is probably the most expensive city in the EU.With regards to tipping a few places automatically added a 12.5% service charge to the bill. So watch out for that.We went to the Comedy Store a couple of times and this was hilarious but if you are easily offended I would give this a miss.Also took in a show &quot;The Producers&quot; which was very good and then went to The Ivy for dinner, had a great meal there and suprisingly not too expensive especially for London. We booked the table 3 months ago and they will take bookings up to 6 months in advance.Overall we loved London and found the people a lot friendlier than the last time we were there. We went from Sunday to Wed and found we didn't have to queue for the Touristy bits eg The Tower of London &amp; Crown Jewels. Cant wait to go back.	
Feb 5 2006	Fantastic location but did not live up to 5* expectations	Firstly you can not fault the location of this hotel. It is right in the centre of Leicester Square just minutes from the tube station. Ideal location if attending the theatre as we did (Prince Edward, Mary Poppins) but did not live up to our expectations of a 5 star establishment. Don't get me wrong the staff were extremley polite and helpful and our room had a fantastic view of the square but the room was fairly basic for a 5 star hotel. I was expecting to find a hand soap in the bathroom but instead there was handsoap which wasn't a problem until you wanted a bath and the handsoap was up by the shower head and did not detach! Also the shower head did not detach from the wall so a real nightmare trying to rinse your hair if taking a bath! Only one bathrobe and one pair of slippers provided in a double room which was disappointing. Small seating area in the deluxe rooms to watch television but the doors on the TV cabinet would not stay open so you couldn't watch TV from the sofas! Silly niggles I know but not when you are paying top tarrifs for a 5 star establishment. The rooms however were very clean but also quite bare. A few more personal touches wouldn't go a miss. I would not stay at the hotel again and I would advise you not to pay the extra for a deluxe room. You pay a lot more money and the only difference is the kingsize bed.	
Jan 23 2006	Fantastic Location	Having seen this hotel on Leicester Square on previous visits to London I decided to book it for a trip with my partner. The Location of the hotel is second to none for tourists. I booked the hotel via lastminute and paid £125 for a standard double room. At this price it is excellent value for money. The hotel reception areas are very nice but the bedroom we had (215) is in need of refurbishment. The staff we had dealings with were very helpful, pleasant and polite.I would stay at this hotel again if I could book it for the same price but if spending more, there are better alternatives.	
Dec 7 2005	Not a bad way to make up for past errors	My partner and I stayed here for one night in December 2005. We stayed for free as there was a mistake on a booking made for the May Fair hotel. We were originally offered a free night at the May Fair but as it is undergoing refurbishment, we said we didn't want to stay there. The offer of a free night was extended to any other Radisson property in England. As we booked a suite originally, we were given a King Deluxe Suite at the Hampshire overlooking Leicester Square.I think the room we were given is one of those due for refurbishment soon, but it was still very nice. Comfortable 6ft bed, large bedroom with nice furniture and a large flat screen TV. The living area had a comfy sofa, TV, minibar and a dining table and was nice and large. No sooner had we moved our bags in than a waiter appeared with some choccies for us, which were gratefully received. The bathroom was large with a separate shower cubicle with water that squirted out of the sides as well as overhead. The tiles were marble. If I was being picky, they could have possibly put in a 2 person bath for that extra luxurious touch.We didn't have dinner or drinks there but did take advantage of the breakfast, which was just what the doctor ordered. We had to wait a few minutes before being seated, but it was well worth the wait. I think if you stay here and you have to keep to appointments, make time to have the brekky and don't rush it.All in all, very happy with the stay and it made up for the fact that my original booking had been screwed up.	
Oct 17 2005	Not great but ok	Stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire Hotel for a weekend in a deluxe room. The good points of this hotel: the location was great, breakfast was nice and the staff were very helpful over the weekend. The bad points are that the hotel is badly in need of refurbishment, the old musty smell didn't help matters and the rooms, although spacious, were not 5 star (headboard broken and on the floor when we arrived) and the photo's of the room I had seen online were nothing like what we had. Overall this hotel was alright but most definitely a let down and not a 5 star hotel. I would not stay here again and for the price of the rooms I would shop around as I have seen the Sheraton on Park Lane for same price as this hotel for my next visit.	
Jun 13 2005	Perfect location for sightseeing pleasant room	Having just spent the weekend at the Hampshire, I thought I would share my experience of the hotel with others. First of all location. The Hampshire is on one of the corners of Leicester Square, 1 minute from the tube, on a pedestrianised square (so no noisy London traffic). It is a very unobtrusive hotel, and you might miss it if just passing through the square itself. Reception is a small area with three check in staff. The check in is easy, though no-one offered to take our bags to our rooms. Our room was a deluxe room on the 6th floor (room 617). It overlooked Leicester Square. Triple glazed, so as the late night revellers, are merely a background noise. There was efficient air-con in the room (high/med/low), a huge bed, and enough room to move around without hitting a wall. The decor was modern, with a chinese twist. The best thing however, was that you couldn't hear a thing from any other room beside you/above you. Complete silence, apart from doors opening/closing. No CD/DVD player that you can get in other 5* hotels.The bathroom was adequate, although I though a bit dated. The bath had lots of white paint to cover obvious damage. but it was functional and the shower was powerful enough.I didn't use the bar/restaurant except for breakfast. Breakfast was lovely. Leisurely and served until mid-day for people who like to brunch. Fresh juices were available, along with pastries, fresh fruit etc., and then the Full English Breakfast was cooked to order. Couldn't fault it. Check out was as easy as check in.All in all a pleasant stay - pictures attached for a better idea of what a deluxe room looks like.	
May 21 2005	Great Radisson Hotel	We have just returned home after an overnight stay at the Radisson Edward Hampshire Hotel on Leicester square.It was great. Fantastic service and helpful staff. We got a room upgrade without asking! We had paid for a King deluxe and was given a junior suite with four poster bed. Matress was a little soft for my personal liking, but had great view of leicester square. Would recommend this (Room 411) if you wanted to spot the Stars going into a movie Premiere at the Odeon Cinema!!We mentioned it was my boyfriends birthday to the lady at reception after check in, and when we went back to our room found they had left chocloates and a birthday card for him! - Shame he is diabetic - I had to eat all the nice truffle chocolates on my own!Ideal location for most theatres in London.. within walking distance. Is directly opposite well known and reputable store to get discount last minute ticket for theatre shows. Also great spot for eating out, and pubs and clubs. Hotel is well sound proofed from the outside world.Would recommend it, as reasonably priced for central London, good service, and great location.Enjoy!	
May 2 2005	good value great location	I've stayed in this hotel four times over the years each time in a different room type. lowest being a view of the back alley , best being a large suite high floor with a view of the square. I've been consistently happy with the room and the service at the hotel. Even the lowest category rooms where of a good size for the UK, with good water presure! clean and supriseingly quiet given being in the middle of everything. Also again a good value for a great location. walking distance from oh so many sights. I loved being able to walk &quot;home&quot; after dinner and a show. No need to worry about when the Tube stop running or finding cabs. The English bkfst was plentyful.	
Apr 7 2005	Great location	I have visited the Hampshire Hotel (in Leicester Square, London) a couple of times now. It's a five star hotel but very much at the &quot;traditional&quot; end of the market. Verges on a bit dated in terms of the decor - although it is very clean and not at all tatty. The staff are very friendly and the location is great for shopping, eating out and all the usual London buzz. Be warned that the bar is very expensive, as is the restaurant. I am veggie and did not like the one veggie starter that was avail, so I asked if the chef could make me &quot;anything mushroom-ey&quot; He was not able to. Considering this was a chef at a 5* hotel, I found this beyond belief! The food that we did have was very nice but I'd much prefer a trip to nearby Chinatown. Much more ambience, nicer food and not as expensive.	
Apr 3 2005 	Good value	Surprised to see this hotel taking some flak - having stayed in quite a few London hotels in my time, this one's up there with the best. Sure, you could probably get more from a night at The Ritz or The Savoy, but then a night - and breakfast - at The Ritz and The Savoy doesn't cost £150.For a London hotel, our room was very spacious, with a big bed, lots of room *around* the bed (more difficult to come across than you might think when you stay in London), an interlinking area with wardrobes, and then a sizeable bathroom with a nice marble finish and a big bath to soak in. Importantly, everything was very clean too - right down to the smallest furnishing. As an added bonus, we had views across the rooftops to the London Eye as well.Check in was smooth and impressive, with a South African chap booking us in quickly and efficiently, and the staff in general were very pleasant. Breakfast was nice too, with trendy decor to go with it. Our one small problem did arise at brekkie, however, when we ordered pancakes with maple syrup, and the waiter brought out three small pancakes each with nothing on them; no syrup, no dressing, nothing. But they soon sorted that out when we asked them.And it was quiet too. Even though it was on Leicester Square.Overall, very impressive.	
Mar 16 2005	One of the Best	I have stayed in many hotels in London, AND this was the best so far. The hotel was right in the heart of London and in the Middle of Leicester Square, and in walking distance from everyware. Room was Fantastic and all the staff was friendly and happy to help. I will not bother looking for hotels to stay in London again, I will always stay at this one. I would Recommend this hotel.	
Jan 15 2005	Perfect location and great hotel	Not sure I can agree with the last two reviews but everyone looks for something different in a hotel.We stayed at the hampshire as a 40th treat for my wife. The room was a deluxe king and was excellent. Roomy, clean and what a view overlooking Leicester Square. Fantastic. The staff also were very friendly and helpfull. Could not fault the place. They even put a bottle of wine in my room when they got rumour of the birthday, very nice touch. My friends room was also very clean but not such a nice view.Recommend this hotel but cant comment on smaller rooms, didnt see them. Booked through lastminute so got a great deal. Full price for rooms is steep but if you have the money then why not.	
Nov 30 2004	good loc not well run	I've stayed here a few times on business, and love the location, but there are problems. I've been overbooked twice and bounced (not bad as the other hotel was better), and the rooms are small. At these rates, I will probably stay elsewhere in the future.	
Oct 20 2004	very poor	very poor, not worth the money, cant see other nationaltys putting up with the service, rooms filthy ithe only consolation was the locatiion	
Oct 4 2004	Not quite five star service	Booked for a business trip and got the following feedback:Hotel -placement GREATHotel - room okHotel - food normal &amp; goodHotel - bar pleasantValue for money- overpricedIn addition, my MD commented that he had to carry his own cases up to his room - hardly suitable service for a five-star hotel!	
Aug 25 2004	Please stay away.	I last stayed at the Hampshire in July 2004,havingactually stayed there 7-8 times before.The Hotel has never had any refurbishment,since opened in the early 90s,and everything now is in a sorry state.I was given a de-luxe room(!),and when I returned late at night and tried to have a bath,I discovered that there was no running water in the bath.And the duty manager was so odd,that they wanted to charge me the full rate,for this room.Eventually I had to contact a solicitor to make them realise that they cannot cheat the guests.So please stay at another hotel if possible,or you will regrett it.	
Aug 15 2004	Would prefer to stay somewhere else	SMALL ROOMS and nothing special room-wise... But everything else was good. Service was ok (but not above average). It was all about it's money, maybe less. I wouldn't go again but we did enjoy our stay in London.	
Aug 10 2004	Excellent location and hotel	This was a great hotel right in the center of town. I usually stay at another Radisson when traveling alone, but since others were involved, we wanted something central. The personnel were lovely, the rooms expansive and well appointed and the nice little bar downstairs was a perfect spot to meet for cocktails before venturing out. Our room looked our over the Square and was great people watching. Near the tube as well! I'd definitely stay there on my next trip!	
Jul 30 2004	I left after half an hour!	I booked this hotel to stay in for 4 nights while in London. I was a bit wary becuase of some of the reviews here but i got a great deal on londontown and the pictures looked amazing! Unfortunatly when we arrived we discovered the photos were nothing like the room we got.The room was awful. It was tiny and looked like a motel room. I couldnt believe the state of the place. It looked like my grannys bedroom and it looked like the bedsheets were 100 years old :( I got straight on the phone to book a new hotel.As it was late in the nihgt 9pm they had no rooms to move us too and we not at all understanding. They charged us for the first night in the room. Little did i know at this stage they actually took the money for 4 nights out when we had checked in. Which then left me with a maxed out credit card when they charged an extra night.The only good thing about this hotel is the location, but to be honest id rather sleep on the doorstep and then your closer to leicster square ;) We moved across the road to St.Martins Lane which was 100 times nicer and cleaner. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone and will not be taking the chance of trying any other Radisson Hotel :( Stay well away!	
Jul 19 2004	great location really expensive not worth it	The location is fantastic (it is literally in Leicester Square). However, it is pretty expensive. Other than the location, I can see no reason for paying so much for this hotel. Our room was really small. The bathroom was nice. The beds were average. My recommendation: go somewhere else and save some money. Or, spend the same amount of money on a much much nicer hotel.	
Jul 19 2004	Well located but small rooms	I booked this hotel through the Radisson website and got an ok price. Not cheap, but somewhat reasonable for downtown London. The staff in general was quite courteous, but I encountered a problem. My tv movies were not working and when I advised the night manager he told me he would come and see... I waited for him for about an hour, he never came. I called back downstairs and told me once more he would come, which he did but he didn't know what the problem was, he then told me he would send someone else to fix it and I never heard back from him... or the repair person... I was not impressed... Appart from that the hotel is in a fabulous location right on Leicester square, the TKTS discount ticket booth is right accross the hotel, so very convenient if you want to have first picks at the day's available shows. The ammenities of this hotel were pretty nice, but the back room they gave me was pretty small and the view depressing. The carpeting in the lobby could really use a shampoo... Nothing to write home about but not that bad.	
Jun 28 2004	Not worth the money		
Jun 18 2004	Minus a big screw-up great place		
Feb 3 2004	Great location Wonderful service		
Sep 21 2003	Good but not great (other than location)		
Aug 15 2003	The Best In London?		
Jul 23 2003	Nice hotel		
Jul 7 2003	Central location great views nice service!		
Jun 13 2003	good if you want to be where the action is--		
May 29 2003	Great Place to Saty!		
May 8 2003	Great Hotel		
Sep 10 2009 	Très bonne situation géographique		
Jun 18 2009 	Emplacement idéal...quelle vue sur Big Ben !		
May 29 2009 	La Mejor Situación Y El Mejor Trato. Mª Ángeles. Tomelloso		
Apr 24 2009 	Komfort im Stadtzentrum London zu Fuss in allen Theatern 		
Nov 10 2008 	perfecta ubicacion		
Nov 4 2008 	excellente situation		
