Nov 24 2009 	Pretty grim	Let me start by stating that I'm not a snob when it comes to Travelodge. For a no-frills enterprise which does exactly what it says on the tin, they CAN offer excellent value for money when done right - such as the Euston one which I've used several times in the past. Alas, the Farringdon one is far from the pride of their fleet. My room (509) was badly laid-out, with absolutely no room to move, and none-too-clean. The furniture was shabby and dated and the bathroom merely adequate. Unlike other Travelodges I've stayed in, I got the impression no-one cared about this one; the whole place felt unloved by its staff. Thankfully, I was only there one night. I'm not sure I could have endured a second as it was such a depressing experience. On the plus side, it has a good location, being just a ten minute brisk walk from King's Cross.	
Nov 23 2009 	THE WORST EVER	The noise was one thing but the fact the window didnt close and then let the rain in was even worse.The double bed was two singles pushed together without a method of securing them and topped with what i can only decribe as two cloth covered joined up springs. I have suggested that the hotel state that they offer room 323 as a contraceptive room as the beds come apart at the mere thought of pleasure! Come on Travel Lodge I know you can do better.	
Nov 23 2009 	It could be better but still fairly good value considering location	This is the second time we've stayed here after realising how handy it is for getting into central London, however I have to say the room did seem a little more shabby than last year but it is cheaper than the other 2 nearby Travelodges. I wouldn't really like to stay for more than a night here but if the other Travelodges were full I think we would still return here admittedly it wouldn't be our first choice.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Location Great Value For Money	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a cheap few days in London. I agree the rooms were very hot but we coped. We had a family room (double and single) which could be changed into a triple. The breakfast was fine and there was a great selection to choose from. They were a bit slow to replenish the breakfast that had been taken but it eventually came. We travelled into Euston and took the long way to the hotel. But if you get the tube to King's Cross and then the #63 bus - this stops straight outside the hotel. Didn't really go out in the area of the hotel but it looked OK. We had a meal one night in the hotel which was good value. One thing I would ask for is a room away from the main road as it can be noisey. The bathroom was small but it done what we needed it to do. The shower was very powerful which was a great wake-up in the morning.	
Nov 1 2009 	Bit Depressing	I chose to stay here for a cheap weekend away in London for a event. As I was going alone most hotels charge double for single rooms so chose to stay here as I have stayed in a few in Manchester and they were basic yes but the decor was ok and fine to stay in for a few nights.I paid £95 for 2 nights which was reasonable. I booked online and requested a double room as I can't stand single beds! However on checking in I had been given a single room and wow how small!I can say I have never been in Prison but I bet actual Prison cells were nicer! I think the actual walls were the problem I cannot think what the exact term is but instead of having a smooth finish on the walls and ceiling they were all bumpy plaster which made the room look even smaller if that was possible. Lumpy bed too but it was clean. I suppose I had expected better as the ones I have stayed at in Manchester were actually quite nice but this obviously hadn't been decorated for a whileMain reason apart from price for choosing here was for the closeness to Kings Cross it was about a 5/10 minute walk though with a heavy suitcase seemed a lot longer! I was exhausted after being up since 4am and not being able to check in til 3pm I seen a Travelodge at the end of what seemed a very long road but it was Kings Scot Travelodge, however Farringdon is literally a minute away which I thought was oddAnyway I would probably not reccomend staying here but if you're not spending much time in your room and want a cheap price then it's ok but don't expect much.	
Oct 26 2009 	Avoid - Please just avoid	Green slime on the walls, hairs in the bath, a shower head so full of grime I passed on the shower the following morning. No No No No No NoDo not stay at this Travelodge	
Oct 21 2009 	Depressing: Shabby damp rooms	3 single rooms, all with damp in bathrooms. The decor was depressing and shabby-mouldy shower curtains topped off the accommodation. Breakfast was cold and limited- Walk up to Roseberry Avenue and get a breakfast at one of the cafes there.Have stayed in many travel lodges and this is not to their basic but acceptable standard.Reception staff were friendly but that's the only positive.	
Oct 20 2009 	Its not as bad as everyone says!!!! Basic but it does the job!	I was so nervous about staying here after reading all the bad reviews,,, but we'd booked it months ago and already paid so we gave it a go! Its not as bad as everyone says!! Their is a car park at the back which charges £15 for 24 hours which is cheap compared to the NCP carparks!! The staff were friendly and our room was basic (apart from the flatscreen tv!!) but it was clean.. what more do you want when youre staying in central London for £40 a night?!?! We only had one problem, and that was we were staying next to some very noisy girls who were running up the halls from 2am-6am (not good when we were running half marathons the next day!) but the staff were nice enough and said on our next stay to ask to stay in the 'alcove' as this was a quiet part of the hotel. Its only 15 mins walk from St Pauls cathedral, and we spent the rest of our stay sightseeing,and enjoying madame tussauds,,,, overall,,, give this hotel a go! its not as bad as everyone says and its a bargain for staying in central London!!! :-)	
Oct 15 2009 	So noisy I couldn't sleep	Have stayed in many travelodges over the years for business and most have been fine - basic, functional and reasonable value. However my recent stay at the Farringdon Travelodge was an absolute nightmare - stayed in a single room No 110. The guy at reception said the room was at the back of the hotel so less noisy - I wish!There must have been some airconditioning unit or something outside my window - there was a constant droning noise which prevented me from getting little more than a couple hours sleep.	
Oct 13 2009 	Prisoner Cell Block Travelodge	I've stayed in many Travelodges, and they serve and purpose, you get what you pay for etc etc, but none has been so grim as this one.We booked just for one night to go to a concert in Royal Festival Hall and I wanted to keep the cost down so this was the cheapest Travelodge room within a reasonable distance to the venue. I totally forgot to check this site before I booked! Check in time was 3pm but we arrived in London earlier and wanted to leave our stuff and head off to Tate Modern, then dinner and come back after the concert, so we went straight to the hotel. £10 early check in fee. Kerching! Room was like a prison cell. Bathroom was crumbling. Our room had a double bed and a single. I found 50p on the floor near the bed, which didn't look good for the quaility of the vacuuming done to the room before we arrived. It was all just grim grim grim. It just needs updating - a lot!The room was boiling hot but if you open the window the traffic noise is deafening, so we used the electric fan supplied (filthy) which squeaked, but no option as too hot to sleep without it.I couldn't stay in this hotel if I was on a business trip on my own and having to stay in the room, TV or no TV (the TV was a nice new one - the only thing in room post 1985)! So depressing. Miserable, musty, minging!! Worst Traveldoge ever.This won't put me off Travelodge as got a few bargains for £12 coming up, but I will check Tripadviser in future for the London ones as there are so many, they can't all be this dire, in fact I know they're not.	
Sep 29 2009 	What a hell hole!!!	Having stayed in a few grotty hotels in my time, I have got into the habit of religiously checking the TripAdvisor website before booking any hotel accommodation. Unfortunately, I was a little pushed for time when making this booking and failed to do so – what a mistake to make!!!I knew from the Travelodge website that this was an ‘acquisition property and the rooms differ from the illustration and from standard Travelodge hotel rooms’ and so expected the rooms to look a little different from normal.What I didn’t expect was for the above to translate in reality to ‘these rooms were last decorated in 1982 and due to the extreme wear and tear on the fixtures and fittings we can no longer be bothered to clean or maintain them’. In a few years I fully expect the National Trust to announce that they have purchased this hotel as a fine example of how bad London hotel accommodation used to be.Externally, the hotel looks like an old office block, and internally it isn’t much better with long corridors devoid of any natural light, with dirty scuffed walls and a filthy old carpet.When we entered our room we were immediately aware of the extreme heat and a nasty smell which reminded me of a tent that hasn’t been aired for some time – at least we were at the back of the hotel and so could open the window to let some fresh air in. The bathroom had a variety of different coloured tiles on wall, holes in the tiles, bath etc which had been badly filled, mould on the ceiling, walls and shower head and a broken toilet seat – nice!!The sleeping accommodation was an absolute joy. The floor space was so small that our double bed was pushed up against the wall on one side, so anyone sleeping on that side had to clamber down to the end of the bed to get out. The mattress was so old and worn out that it had formed a ‘V’ shape, the bottom of which meant my wife and I fell into and couldn’t escape from during the night. The linen was old, dirty an grey – I was too afraid to inspect it closely, but needless to say my wife opted to sleep almost fully clothed to avoid her skin coming into contact with it.Like most of the other former guests who have added reviews to this site, we too had a number of lamp shades which had holes burnt into them by the heat of the bulbs and a comedy lighting/TV control built into the wall with a hole in it covered by a piece of tape (I’ve written to the Science Museum with a suggestion that they obtain one of these as a museum piece). On top of this the walls and windows were covered in grime and clearly hadn’t seen a coat of paint in some time. We also had the misfortune of ordering breakfast for the next day – another schoolboy error. Breakfast began at 8am. We arrived at 8:30am, but which time most of the breakfast buffet was gone, little or no cutlery was left, there was no milk and no clean tables. After a wait, we did manage to clean our own table and obtain one tea spoon between four of us.Staff had little or no grasp of the English language and no interest in resolving problems, vending machines were empty throughout our stay and only one of the two lifts worked.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone under any circumstances. Given the choice of staying here or sleeping in Hyde Park, I would sleep in the park.	
Sep 23 2009 	Don't believe your booking confirmation	Despite booking and paying in advance and then phoning ahead to double check that the booking was confirmed the room was still let to someone else. The desk staff said that it's the policy of the company to keep taking bookings for a popular hotel even if they are fully booked and they send the overspill (that's us customers that get there later in the day) to any old vacant room around Greater London. In this case, we ended up in the Battersea Travelodge (a pretty awful hotel but possibly less grim than the Farringdon branch judging by the reviews here). I've learnt my lesson and wont be using Travelodge in London again.	
Sep 16 2009 	A blast from the past and not in a good way	I booked 3 nights at the Travelodge London Farringdon as it was in the Kings Cross area but was cheaper than the other two Travelodges in the area. What a mistake. I checked out after 1 night. The hotel resembles a converted office block, but inside the rooms looks like it was a 1950s hotel, with these fittings and fixtures.The hotel has been given a lick of paint, but everywhere you turn looks tatty. The beds were springly, the rooms had no air conditioning and was on a noisy road (earplugs advisable). The TVs have been updated to flat screens (not widescreen) but there is still a comical wired-in 'remote control' on the wall beside the bed which controlled the old TV. There was no fridge in the room which meant constant trips to the corner shop to get cold water to deal with the oven-like temperatures in the room. The bathroom has an always-on heated towel rail which doesn't help with the lack of aircon. There's always the mini desk fan that they provide to take the edge off, but personally I found it useless.One of the towels in the bathroom was dirty, but thankfully there was a spare for this sole traveller, and I avoided showering more than once. There was only a small bar of generic soap in the bathroom so bring your own toiletries if you do have to stay here. Staff were nice enough but looked like they really didn't want to be there, and who could blame them. I certainly won't be back, and feel like this property has scares me off of staying at any other Travelodge, even although some have been ok in the past.	
Sep 16 2009 	Mouse in Room	Room needed up dating but quiet happy with price and location , BIG PROBLEM LAST NIGHT OF STAY . Watching TV about 11.00pm , Mouse popped out from under the bed , as i tried to explain to my wife what i had seen it popped out again from under the other bed . Went down to reception , the duty manager did not bad an eye lid , relocated us to another floor and gave us a refund for the night , wife in trauma , i would rather have slept in the train station , don't think i will sleep tonight . The funny thing was as we were waiting to make our complaint the night duty clerk was refusing bookings for the night , but as soon as we had a problem there was a room available , which turned out to be a room with three single beds , is this the room they keep when the mouse is loose in the hotel .	
Sep 15 2009 	Smelly Dirty 	We stayed in room 424, right on the street and as previous people have mentioned, there is traffic going past 24/7. Even when the window is shut noise can still be heard. We stayed for 2 nights and the 2nd night we had the fan on all night and didnt even get in the covers because it was that hot and with the window open the traffic was too noisy ( even with it shut traffic could still be heard)The bathroom smelt and there was mould all over the ceilings, the towels smelt horrible too, after you had showered there was a horrible smell on your skin. There was a lamp shade with a hole burnt into it from the bulb, you would think this is a standard thing that would be checked and repaired. The bed was 2 singles pushed together to make a double and when you laid down your feet were higher than your head as it was sloped down so much!We came to London to celebrate my partners birthday and there is no way I would ever book this travelodge,and it has put me off booking other travelodges. We paid £200 for 2 nights including breakfast, the room was not worth £40 / night.Location wise its about a 10 mintue walk from Kings Cross Station, not too bad but I rang the travelodge for directions and was told &quot; I dont know road names, get on a number 63 bus&quot; which was no help at all! Overall, I would advise people to stay away from this hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Rather tired hotel	My husband and I were only staying in London for one night, so the Travelodge seemed a good idea at the cheap price. We walked from Farringdon tube station, which was a good 15 minutes away. The road was very busy.We checked in quickly, but were disappointed with the very tired room. It was extremely warm and when we closed the window, to minimize the street noise, it became still warmer.The bathroom had a shower over bath. The tiles did not match and there was black mould growing from the ceiling.On the plus side, we had a neat flat screened TV, although it did not have satellite channels.We arrived for breakfast at 8.40am to discover that all the foreign tourists had finished off all the cooked food. We had to wait for stocks to be replenished. We never did get a teaspoon. There was one poor girl clearing tables and checking on the food.I am glad we were only staying for one night, otherwise I would have been complaining.	
Aug 14 2009 	Phew it was hot!	We too have just stayed in this Travelodge and yes the rooms were hot (though we had a plug in fan!). The hotel is good and conveniently located about 10 minutes walk from King' Cross. Good restaurant (recommend the steak and ale pie!). On the walk to it you pass the King's Cross Travelodge which was always busy with coachloads of foreign tourists. We could see huge queues for breakfast in the morning. Don't buy breakfast in the hotel. Instead on the walk to King's Cross station you pass cafes with boards outside doing full English. We had one for £3.80. It included a pile of toast, hot drink and even chips!We were lucky, we got the £9 per night per room Travelodge deal off the internet site which comes up every so often. So our 3 nights cost £27!!!!!!!! By the way, we also travelled from Preston to London on the Megabus for £2 return each. So, all in all a bargain holiday.We also got 2 for 1 into Hampton Court Palace and gardens with a day Travelcard. I have details if interested.	
Aug 11 2009 	Sauna like room	This is a largeish Travelodge with a breakfast facility in the building unlike someLike all Travelodges it does what it says on the tin, though my room was a good size, and the room had a hosptiality tray and tv, and a dencent bathroom with shower over the bathWhilst i didnt require many services from the staff, the reception staff at check in and check out were friendly and helpfulMy main memory of the place though was it was the hottest room i have ever stayed in though the radiators werent on, and this want helped by a window which wouldnt open or close properly being open a tiny bit but without opening widerHas i stayed in winter the place would have been fine and i shandy for the Russell Square and Kings Cross areas	
Aug 11 2009 	This hotel needs updating	I am a fan of The Travelodge and have said in many across the country, particularly across central London. However the Travelodge at Farringdon is extremely tired and the rooms are in drastic need of updating to the standard of new Travelodge's in the area such as King's Cross. It was also too hot in the rooms but you could not keep the window open at night as the road on the front is too noisy. Try to request a room at the back.Overall it was clean and fine for one night but I would not stay at Farringdon again	
Aug 2 2009 	adequate stopover hotel	after reading reviews on this travelodge i was wary about what i would find when we arrived.we found it perfectly good, clean rooms, staff were friendly and helpful.there was plenty of choice at breakfast.the street was a bit noisy( but what do you expect in the centre of london).as we were only staying one night en route to paris , it was perfectly adequate.	
Jul 29 2009 	Basic but does the job.	At £59 a pound a night, not the cheapest night I have spent. It is about 10 minutes from Kings Cross and 15 Minutes from Farringdon. There is a bus that runs right outside both (63). The checkin was quick and easy, the room was large but basic. Modern touch of flatscreen tv was nice. The bathroom - older but functional and very clean was fine with plenty of hot water. The only other problem was the matress, very soft and can feel the springs, but for one night not worth complaining about. Tastefully decorated throughout, looked recent paintwork everywhere. If you get this hotel for £50 or less then its perfect.Staff were fine, all spoke English and cant complain about them.	
Jul 28 2009 	fantastic value for money - am confused at all the complaints!	We paid £9 for a double room for one night, booked in advance online.To begin with, the hotel is NOT 20 minutes from a tube station. It is 5 mins walk from Kings X, just a little further up the road than the Kings X Royal Scot Travelodge. We checked in with no issues at 3pm (am confused at the complaints over the £10 early check-in fee - this is standard Travelodge policy). It's true, not all of the reception staff speak English as a first language - but most of them are bilingual and this is to keep up with their business needs!We were in a room on the second floor, but actually found when we got there, it was seperated away from the rest of the hotel. This was ideal for us, and when we opened the door, found easily the biggest Travelodge room I have ever stayed in - which was impressive! Everything in the room was clean and worked. We could hear some Underground noise, but only with the window open.Extremely good value for money.	
Jul 21 2009	Travel Lodge Kings Cross Farringdon Road......not much better than a doss house	I had the misfortune to have an overnight stay here recently.Firstly I may say there are 3 Travel Lodges around Kings Cross and this one is furthest from the station.It is about a 15 min walk away.The street that it is in is not very nice at all.You would not want to walk out here late at night. The room was of a low standard which I must say is not of the usual for Travel Lodges which I find to be fine for their money.The lamp shades were burnt of the heat from the bulbs.The room smelt a bit.The bathrooom was dingy and the shower was all black with fungus.I did not sleep in the bed in fear of catching something unwanted .When it was time to catch the first train North from Kings Cross I beat my retreat.Had a quick shave and was off. On leaving I noticed a kind of doss house down the road as there seemed to be a lot of hoodie types congregating outside it.This hotel also was not much better than a doss house.Be warned stay clear.	
Jul 15 2009 	Filthy dated and mile away from nearest tube	I have stayed in many travelodges and this is the worst by far. The lodge looks like it was converted from an old hotel. The location is poor, at least 20 minutes from the nearest tube station.The room was dirty, the carpet unhoovered, the beds past their sell by dates, but it was the bathrooms that made us sick.If you like showered in other peoples public hairs, this is the place for you. The ceiling was covered in black mould, the shower head covered in red mould, and mounds of dirt in every nook at cranny of the bathroom. There was even a used toothpick left on the sink when we arrived, which we refused to pick up and remained there during our 3 day stay.Just stay away from here, it is horrible.	
Jul 13 2009 	you get what you pay for	stayed in other travelogde before and yes, you get what you pay for. Staff could be a bit more nicer and friendly. Some did not speak proper English, shame. Very good location, close to everything.	
Jun 19 2009 	A budget hotel in every sense of the word	This travelodge seriously lets the chain down. The location is not ideal (although on a bus route between Kings Cross and Farringdon stations). The building is a 60's concrete block which appears to have been converted to a travelodge from another hotel. Unfortunately the conversion seems to have been made with the minimum of expenditure and the hotel is bleak, unwelcoming and all of the public areas are worn and grubby. The rooms have been given the minimum travelodge &quot;makeover&quot; and clearly contain fixtures and fittings from its previous life. The bed and bathroom were clean but a bathroom light was u/s and the basin partially blocked. There was no hot water on the first night due to a &quot;boiler fault&quot;. A new flat screen TV had been fitted. The hotel faces south west and there is no air/con. Do not stay on the front of the hotel. Even at the back the rooms are very stuffy and noisy and sleep is very difficult. Breakfast was fine with plenty of well cooked food for the price. (The dining room is awful). Staff were pleasant unless there was a problem at which point little assistance was forthcoming.All in all this hotel should only be chosen as a last resort or limited budget.	
Jun 13 2009	Scruffy Rude Unorganised!	I booked a family room for mysel and my Mum for a leisure trip for one night ( 12th june), we arrived at half 1 (check in wasnt until 3) but if paid an extra tenner we could check in early (sure the money went into the receptionists back pocket!) the man at the check in desk was VERY rude, no please, thank you's, when we arrived to our room the card key wouldnt register, cleaner had to let us in! The room was unbearably hot, the bathroom was smelly...and ill agree with the above comment, yes i was itchy in the beds!!!...we arrived back from our trip at 22:55 and at frist was refused drinks at the bar as it closed at 23:00, after pointing out the time was finally served! when we arrived to our room again the key card wouldnt work, so i went down to reception where he re- programmed it, and I was &quot;advised&quot; to keep the card away from Metal and electrical objects as it will cancel out the card? (wtf?) finally got into our room, description was &quot;some exterior noise&quot; rubbish, the street was INCREDIBLY noisy even with the window closed! The following morning- x2 lights didnt work, x1 plug socket didnt work the other was dangerously faulty! the lamp shades were black from being burnt by the light bulbs!...Breakfast bar was a complete shambles! not enough seating, no cutlery, no plates, drinks machine leaking everywhere....i can only compliment one member off staff who seemed to be the only one doing his job. overall i found the hotel a complete dissapointment and for an extra £20-£30 i could of stayed at a premier inn..nearer to an underground too. i WOULD NOT advise this hotel to anyone!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Really Grim Place	Me and my friend stayed here on the 6th June, i had booked it a few months in advance so paid £49 for the room. I had looked on tripadvisor before we arrived so was not expecting a lot from this hotel. When we arrived the hotel from the outside looked pretty grim. We checked in ok and when we got to our room, the room was dirty and the shower didn't work, so we trekked back down to reception and told them. They did not seem surprised at all and quickly gave us a different room . In the 2nd room the window didn't open and the heat in the room was stifling, also the shower worked this time but there was no hot water. So back down to reception again, the 3rd room we had was marginally better but at least the window opened a bit and the shower was warm. The room was so old and the bathroom was pretty disgusting - we were only staying for one night though and we were hardly in the room only to sleep so we didn't just to put up with it. I don't know if it was my imagination but i was itching all night and still am today - 2 days afterwards. I would seriously not recommend this hotel to anyone, spend 20 quid extra and actually get a cleaner nicer room. Yuk.	
Jun 4 2009 	An absolute dump!	As a regular user of T/Ls I am very used to varying standards, but this place is awful. The only thing going for it is it's proximity to Kings Cross buses/tube.I normally try and book a family room for the extra space and sofa; this T/L has one, room 439 at the far end nearest Kings Cross of the front side of the hotel. We ended up there twice before and after our holiday.There are two singles joined together to make a large double, plus a full size single bed (no sofa here) crammed in to a normal size room. The double is 4 inches from the main heating radiator which has a constantly hot, water feed to the top where the control valve is, so even in the recent hot weather you still get heat!The old worn out UPVC windows will not lock shut, so you cannot keep the street noise (of which there is quite a lot at weekends) out. The area above the window and the net curtains are black at the top!I could go on, but I am sure people will get the message.......................Oh, and taking 3 noisy unbooked men with 2 girls in off the street at 4am (Iwas Internetting in the lobby as I could not sleep) with no luggage leaves a huge question in my mind about the standard and sensibility of the staff!	
Jun 1 2009	Clean cheap rooms!	The hotel is easy to find and within walking distance of Kings X - probably about 10-15 minutes brisk walk. We tried a couple of routes and thought the best was - take Gray's Inn Road opposite KX, walk down to Acton Street (past another Lodge). Turn left down Acton Street and right at the end onto King's X Rd. The Lodge is a couple of minutes walk just around the bend on the left. Our room was a reasonable size for London, made smaller by the horrid woodchip effect wallpaper which made the walls feel like they were closing in. We had a double plus (double + single)which meant that if you are a party of 3 you all have a proper bed. The room was clean and well appointed for budget with small bath and shower. The basin taps didn't work properly. This was clearly a room in dire need of an update, but as we were on a saver rate we may have been allocated it. Hopefully, the flexible rate rooms are more recently re-furbished. The road was noisy - no escaping that if it bothers you. I was a bit worried that all the fire doors seemed to be propped open. Overall, great value on the cheap rate if you just want somewhere to sleep. I wouldn't be happy if I'd paid more than £50.	
May 4 2009 	Lowest Quality Travelodge I Have Stayed In	I stayed here because it was convenient for my meeting the next day. That is literally the only thing to commend it. I've stayed in many Travelodges over the years, and have generally found the quality to be consistent enough for a budget hotel; if all you want is somewhere to rest your head then they are perfectly sufficient. This one is different....The reception staff don't really have much of a clue. My room was small, and though probably clean the decor was so aged that it felt filthy. My skin crawls thinking of it. Another £25 would buy an infinitely better experience and woul dbe well worth the expense	
May 1 2009 	Clean Rooms near Kings Cross Good Value for Money	This hotel is located approximately 10/15 minute walk from London Kings Cross station, or you can catch the number 63 bus from the front of KGX station directly to the door of the hotel. (Bus fares are £2 single, or if you buy a oyster card from the underground travel centre, bus fares are only 50p - a big saving)The hotel is clean and the majority of staff were friendly. Although the rooms were small, they were clean and comfy. As expected in the Travelodge no ammenities are provided, but it was stated that if you did require any toiletries, these would be provided free of charge. Internet is available from reception and is a coin operated computer.A restaurant is located in the main lobby and offers a good breakfast which can be booked online or at reception for £7.50. We enjoyed breakfast every morning, the food was hot and there was a wide selection. However we had a bad encounter with the evening restaurant. The hotel offers a 'bar style food'. It was very busy. It took 45 minutes for them to take the order and a further 45 to get the food. They apologised for the delay and said it was due to ho busy they were and they only had one chef. The food on arrival was very 'ready meal'. Frozen fish and frozen chips, classical microwave meal type taste and appearance. For the price, I do not think it was worth it.Overall, for the price, it was a good hotel to stay in, however I would not like to pay the full room rate price to stay there. No problems, cheap and clean in true Travelodge style.	
Apr 29 2009 	'Not in this lifetime!'	On entering my hostel type room, I was met with an array of man sized toe nail clippings on the floor. Despite asking for this to be cleaned up, this didn't happen. The old, soggy soap and hair in the bathroom was disgusting and the cleanliness of the restaurant area wasn't much better.	
Apr 23 2009 	Hot Value! - better in the winter?	Great service received, all staff polite and friendly. Rooms a bit dated but clean and tidy. Only thing is this hotel has no air conditioning, and our room was very hot. Window opened a little, but then we could hear the traffic. They do supply fans, but don't really do anything	
Apr 20 2009 	Shabbydirty hotel	I have stayed in many travel lodges over the years and all the london ones i have visited have been small and pokey,but in central London you get what you pay for i know,BUT this hotel is nasty.The rooms are unclean,the beds are horrible and the sheets were scratchy and horrid.The duvet was as thin as paper and i have come away with bites on my face and back.I spent all night itching.Horribe horrible horrible.The staff need a rocked up their backside and a smile on their miserable faces,or maybe they have to sleep in this flea pit too.What also annoyed me was a bare faced lie i was told by recpetion when i rang to book some months ago.I askled if the Farringdon was the closest travel lodge to the tube station or was the Royal Scott closer,to which i was told that the Farringdon could be viewed from the station and was a 2min walk and the closest one.Lie! Royal scott is the first travel lodge along that road and even that is after a ten min walk.Farringdon is another 5-10 mins from that hotel.Top tip, dont bother coming here.	
Apr 14 2009 	Shabby (textured walls) and rubbish windows but cheap and clean	It's one of the shabbier travelodges, quite a walk from Kings Cross station and the windows meant that the noise from the road outside was so loud it was difficult to sleep - we even checked on a number of occasions whether the window was open as the noise was so loud. Didn't feel that the quality of service wwas as good as other travelodges - complimentary items such as shower gel etc were not provided, and there were only 2 towels. Although we didn't park, overheard some unhappy guests complaining at the car parking charges which were £15 per day.However, the room was clean and we got an offer so only paid £19.00 per night so overall was good for the money. Although next time will be trying to get into the travelodge Kings Cross as is much nicer.	
Apr 12 2009 	A good little hotel	This hotel was in walking distance of King's Cross and cheap for the centre of London. The all you could eat breakfast was great. The room was a good size, and the staff were friendly. The only real problem was the shower did not get very hot, as we only stayed the one night we told the receptionist on our departure! Also ocnsidering the hotel is on a busy road, there really was not alot of noise. I would recommend it to anyone, a very good hotel!	
Apr 7 2009 	BUDGET ACCOMMODATION AND A GREAT LOCATION	This is a basic hotel in a great location. 5 Mins walking to Kings Cross station and then 2 stops from the Emirate Stadium. This location is a favourtie for travelling Arsenal fans. On arrival the reception staff were busy but courteous, friendly and very helpful. The rooms are basic with adequate facilities. This hotel is a good value budget hotel so don't expect more when you book. Good luck and enjoy London.	
Mar 31 2009 	Shabby and while I had hot water many others were loudly complaining they didn't.	If you can get a Travelodge special deal this is an OK place to stay - as long as you are used to hostel type room conditions. It took me 30 minutes to wrench open the jammed hot water tap in the evening; at one point I was ready to give up and have a morning shower but luckily I didn't. As I checked out I heard three separate rooms complaining they had no hot water in the morning.Found the rooms slightly grimy and the double-bed was two singles of slightly differing heights pushed together. Got my earplugs ready as I was concerned about the noise from the main road but it wasn't too bad so didn't need them.It's about a 12 minute walk from the Kings Cross station - was good for me to catch a Eurostar train, as well as a train to Gatwick AIrport.I also stayed at the other Kings Cross Travelodge, a little closer to Kings Cross station and situated on the same road, a month later. Farringdon is much smaller and therefore quieter as it doesn't get the large school groups. Farringdon Travelodge is only another 3 to 5 minutes walk from the station.	
Mar 26 2009 	Basic Room in need of refurbishment	The room was the usual for a travel lodge and had all you need for a base and as I got the room for £29 it wasn't bad. Easy to get into London on foot or by tube.The bathroom is in need of a refurbishment as tiles are cracked and ceiling mouldy. The room was noisy at night due to traffic, but its states this in the information. Wouldn't recommend buying evening meals in advance as many of these were cheaper anyway. Meals tended to be shove in the oven convenience food.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great	Just back from a 2 night stay. Short walk from Kings Cross station. The staff were all really friendly. We had a double plus room, with a double bed and a single. It had a flat screen TV, Kettle and Fan, which was good as the room was really warm and as it was overlooking the main road, it was too noisy to open the window.The shower and bath were good. There was a bit of mould on the bathroom ceiling and on the shower curtain, But I thought it was a great hotel for £29 per room.	
Mar 22 2009 	Cheap and cheerful hotel in London	This is a somewhat basic hotel in London, within walking distance of Kings Cross.If you were picky, you could find a few things wrong. However, if you just want a place to stay for a night or two, this is ideal. We were expecting traffic noise, but there was hardly any (we had a side room). The shower got warm, eventually, but not hot, this was reported and the receptionist said they'd look into it. The first receptionist we met wasn't all that helpful. She did her job and no more, but I don't hold Travelodge responsible for that. The breakfast was good value - all you can eat, and we did! There is also a bar and eating area inside the hotel which was a lot cheaper than the surrounding area.	
Mar 5 2009 	Won't stay at this one again	My wife and I have stayed in several Travelodges in London and this is the worst of the lot. On the website it said you could get some noise from the road outside, what it did not say was that it sounds like a war zone. The windows were taped up with sellotape and the bath was falling apart. Fortunately I got a £19 deal so I put up with it, but others in London are way better for the same price. It's about a 10 minute walk from Kings Cross station so if you've got big bags you need a cab to get there. Won't ever stay there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	cheap a bit run down not bad	This is your typical older travel lodge. Its in need of refurbishment. The rooms are fine, TV works with basic channels, bathroom was rather grubby but functional. Bed was extremely worn and lumpy with bed springs clearly visible but bed clothes were clean and warm.I had a rear facing room which was quiet but expect the front rooms may be noisy.The best part was the breakfast buffet for £7.50 there was a good range of brekfast food, plus in the evenings the cafe had a reasonable range of food and drink available.Don't confuse this Travel lodge for the better Kings Cross Travel lodge or the Royal Scott Travel lodge which is about 300 meters away!If you can get this hotel for the cheap £19 or so per night then itsgood value, but you can pay upwards of £60 and its starts to be poor value.The hotel is about a 15 min walk from Kings Cross rail and underground station.there is wireless internet but it cost extra. Quite a bit extra!	
Feb 24 2009 	Cheap place to sleep but nothing more	As the saying goes &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;.This Travelodge can often be booked for the cheaper rates, which is for a reason. It's a basic Travelodge, with average rooms, noise from road out front, staff that do the bare minimum and little else.Despite comments about it being in a dangerous area it is not the case. You can walk from Kings Cross station in 10-15 minutes and despite it not being the nicest of areas its no more dangerous that other areas of London, so its ideal if you want a cheap basic place to do nothing other than sleep.If you have the option then I would go for the Kings Cross Travelodge before this one, then the Royal Scot Travelodge as both slightly closer to Kings Cross and in better condition.	
Feb 16 2009 	Good hotel - great price!	We stayed here for a cheap weekend break, and for the £19 we paid for one night’s stay, it was a great bargain!This Travelodge was slightly different to many others we have stayed in outside town centres – it was larger (about 5 floors), and had an excellent cafe/bar area serving drinks, snacks, breakfasts, lunches and dinners.Our room was on the top floor at the front of the hotel. As it was located along a busy road there was some traffic noise, but this wasn’t a big problem for us (there is also a notice about this when booking on the hotel website). The room was similar to other Travelodges – basic, clean and comfortable, but one difference was the flat screen television which was a nice surprise! The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate for a short stay.The hotel is about 15 minutes’ walk from Kings Cross station. We noticed another similar-looking Travelodge only a few minutes away walk from this one (Kings Cross Royal Scot), which confused us slightly! Russell Square, the British Museum and the various restaurants in Southampton Row are about a 20-25 minute walk away. It is possible to walk to Oxford Street and the sights of central London, although this is a longer walk.For a Friday night stay in a central London hotel, we thought this Travelodge was great value for money.	
Jan 27 2009 	Much better than we expected.	We booked this Travelodge as we know the area and it was only £19.00 per night, also not far to walk from Kings Cross. We were given a warm welcome when we checked in and the room we were given was as on the second floor facing the road, which was noisy ( they state this on their web site) at times but as we were always out and about it did not bother us. The bed was comfy and had clean crisp white bed linen. Soap, two towels, tea, coffee, electric fan, tv. The carpet was clean and the artex was clean!!! (it would take forever to referb that). I would not like to pay the top price for this type of room but for the price we were happy with a clean room and a place to rest our heads at the end of the day.	
Jan 13 2009	Stay away from the road!!!!	The hotel is in desperate need of a refurb!! As others i too payed only £19 per night and i guess you cant really ask for much! However the bedrooms at the front of the property suffer greatly from noise comming from the busy main road outside, even during the night. The bathroom in this room had damp/mould on the ceiling and handles were rusting. There are far better travelodges for the money elsewhere in London.	
Jan 8 2009 	Shabby Old Travelodge	This is a really shabby Travelodge that has seen far better days. It was just about OK for the £9 I paid but I would not go there again unless no other option. It's just in need of a total make-over and its location near Kings Cross station doesn't help. Check in was fine, the glass of wine from the bar was fine, the room was shabby, the bathroom was grotty and the shower did not work at all. There are better Travelodges to stay at in safer locations.	
Dec 22 2008 	It does the job I suppose	I've used Travelodge quite a few times and found there hotels to be satisfactory, But the Faringdon hotel does let the side down.It was a clean and comfortable hotel, but the bedrooms are in very serious need of a refurb, I dont think my room was decorated since the early 80's and artex covered walls dont appeal to me whatsoever, plus one of the wall lamps had a serious burn mark and the bathroom was so tiny that you couldn't swing a cat in itBut for £19 for the night, I shouldn't moan too much but I would have been upset if it cost more.	
Nov 8 2008 	dont stay here	We stayed here as a stop off to our disneyland holiday and i seriously wouldnt recomend it to anyone. Me and my partner arrived with our young child asleep in a pushchair, 2 large suitcases and we both had sprained ankles. We checked in and was told we were on the top floor, the lifts weren't working and we had to make our own way to our room as staff were unwilling to help.Our room was dirty, we had a cracked toilet seat, a mouldy shower curtain and a jammed window.The smoke alarm was also hanging off the ceiling. We asked for information about London and was told to ask elsewhere as the staff could barely speak English. They were rude and ignorant. We didnt expect much from a travelodge but we did expect better customer service than we got. We have since stayed in other travelodges and had some pleasant experiences but I wouldnt recomend this 1 to even the homeless.	
Oct 28 2008 	Sraightforward hotel in good location	This straightforwrd, no frills Travelodge was showing some signs of wear but it did exactly what it claimed - providing low cost accomodation handy for St Pancras International and in a lively area full of bars and restaurants. The road outside was quite noisey despite double glazing but we were quite staified.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good value	A hotel practically in the center of London for £29 a night for a twin room, come off it what do you want? Its clean, tidy good bathroom etc. I have always used Travelodges and they just cannot be beat for value. Never had reason to complain and I have been using then on a regular basis for years.	
Sep 8 2008 	Good for the price but is due a lick of paint	This is my 3rd stay here in 2 years. I knew what to expect, the £29 rate is worth it but I would not pay more for this Travelodge until it has been refurbished now.I arrived at 5pm and check in was swift, having stayed before I asked for a quieter room at the back of the hotel and was given room 407.This had a large double bed, which was clean and comfy. The rooms are dated - will be fine once they have a refit and get rid of the 1980's tatty brown furniture! Usual flatscreen tv/kettle/carpark view and window that opens 1/2 inch so it was a bit stuffy. I would hate to stay there in hot weather!The bathroom was dated too but ok, not the best of power showers but plenty of towels.I slept well but it was quiet on the bookings that weekend.Staff were friendly booking a taxi for us, I used the bar but not the breakfast as Im vegan so not worth the price for the few items I might be able to eat.There is a grotty corner shop next door for bottled water grotty as not very clean but ok for drinks. Kings Cross is a 10 minute walk away or the 63 bus is every 10 mins. I walked from the British Museum in 15-20 mins.My friend commented the parking bays are a tight squeeze and there have been problems with cars being clamped there, people did get their money back from Travelodge dont know the details but Id check about parking on arrival with reception staff.I prefere other Travelodges but this one is fine on the saver rate, do ask for a room at the back though and the rooms will be stuffy. This Travelodge does get more negative reviews but Ive stayed 3 times now with no problems. Yes Its dated but on the £29 or less rate Its ok for a cheap break.	
Aug 19 2008	What do people expect for £26 a night in London?!!!	Okay, so it wasn't the Hilton, but I don't think you can really grumble for a hotel that is a 20 minute walk from St Paul's Cathedral for £26 per night.The bathroom was very small and pretty grotty and you may get woken up by the traffic on King's Cross Road at the front of the hotel or the vibrations from the underground trains at the back, but ask yourself what you are looking for out of your stay?If you need a base that is pretty central and incredibly cheap then I don't think you can go far wrong here. The Farringdon underground station is a 10 minute walk away, there are plentiful bars and places to eat very close by and, if you are arriving by train at Kings Cross, it is only a 15 minute walk to the hotel, meaning you don't have the hassle of taking your luggage on the underground.If you are after comfort and a romantic break then stay elsewhere. If you want a relatively central place to sleep after a day of sightseeing and a few drinks, then this place is ideal.	
Jul 27 2008	Nice sized room but too hot and noisy	My husband and I stayed here for 1 night in July. It's about a 15 minute walk from London Kings Cross Station. Turn left out of the station onto Pentonville Road, then the 2nd right onto Kings Cross Road. There are actually 2 Travelodges on Kings Cross Road. The Farringdon branch is the 2nd travelodge you come to, opposite the Holiday Inn. The hotel itself is ok. However, we stayed in room 535. Avoid it at all costs. The window would not shut properly and the noise outside was unbearable. We had about 2 hours sleep in total. Also, the room was too hot. They had supplied us with a fan which only had 2 settings, mild and medium, which did nothing to cool us down. I would stay again at the hotel but not in the same room. For £29 you pay for what you get. We didn't stay for breakfast as we had to catch a 7am train. Staff were friendly and tried to help as much as they could.	
Jul 12 2008 	OK!	Got this for £29 so that puts it in context. The area is ok. For Central London the price was great so if that's your philosophy its fine. The room was again ok. A bit tired and shabby, but how long do you spend in the room. I wouldn't book it for a Holiday, but for a cheap overnight it served the purpose.	
Jul 7 2008 	Shabby	As a native Londoner I'm embarrassed about this hotel. I stayed for just one night and that was enough. The location is fine - 10 mins from Kings X and we walked to Tottenham Court Road in about 20 mins.However the room is in need of a complete redecoration. The tiles were peeling away, there was rips in the duvet cover which also looked discoloured. The units in the tiny room also were well past their use by date. The window was difficult to close and no air condition but a fan was left in the room.The entrance to the hotel is OK and I'm sure the rooms are hoovered but it was so in need of refurbishment. Have stayed in other Travelodges which have been a far higher standard than this.	
Jul 2 2008 	Not as bad as the rest of you say!	After reading some blatently awful reviews about this Travelodge I began to worry about what I had paid for! When we arrived it looked a bit dingy from the outside but what do you expect for a budget rate hotel just outside of central London? When we went inside I was pleasently suprised it was nice and clean and the staff on the desk seemed helpful. I had read in a review that rooms at the front of the hotel were noisy, so we asked if it was possible to have a room at the back of the hotel, the receptionist checked and informed us that one was available. On the way to our room we went up the staircase instead of the lift, the stairway was a bit dated and in need of a lick of paint but in the corridors it was nicely decorated and brightly lit. When we got to our room it was lovely and clean and there were no cracks or broken wires as mentioned in other reviews. Although the room lacked air conditioning, the window let in a nice breeze and we weren't disturbed by any exterior noise. The bathroom was ideal, with a full length bath, shower, sink and toilet and although it was clean a few of the tiles seemed in need of a scrub. The shower did cause a slight problem as it was too hot and lowering the temperature caused difficulties, but after a while we figured it out.The location of the hotel was ideal, about a 10 minute walk from both Kings Cross and Farringdon tube stations. With plenty of places to eat and drink in nearby. We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights and if I could get another saver rate room I would definately stay in it again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Ok for the price but not good.	My husband and I stayed here as we had an early Eurostar to catch.We paid £29 for the room and for the price it was ok but I would not have been happy if I had paid any more.The double bed was 2 singles pushed together and was reasonably comfy.My main complaint is with the shower-it only had one temperature which was 'scalding hot' making it impossible to shower!! Also the location is not the best and had I been a single woman I would not have felt safe walking to the hotel by myself.	
Jun 19 2008 	Not worth the high tarrif	A group of us travelled to London for a concert and needed to stay somewhere cheep for the one night, It worked out about £25.00 per person for the night so we booked it.Its not the best example of a travelodge, I have stayed in some decent ones but it was only for the one night &amp; we wouldent be staying in all night.The room is awful, really small &amp; bland.The bathroom was old and tired, it had been cleaned but everything was so old it was past the point of cleaning to spruce it up.The beds were really uncomfortable and the room was boiling hot.This was not just my room all in our party (6 rooms) were the same, it needs some investment.I had noticed that the hotel was charging £81.00 for the night on a room only basis, this is more then we paid but if I had to pay that we wouldent have stayed.We got a good internet deal and to be fair can not grumble about £25.00 per night, but cant get over they were getting £81.00 for thier rooms in the condition they were in.Some of us decided to stay an extra night in London, and for an extra £25.00 we stayed in the City Inn which was fantastic &amp; stylish &amp; included breakfast - i dont think any of us would have stayed an extra night at the travelodge.Its a bed factory of the worst kind	
May 27 2008	Too noisey!	Rooms 521, avoid as it overlooks the very main road and without any double glazing, and with the aid of ear plugs the traffic noise kept us awake all night. No hot water in the shower,	
May 15 2008 	Don't stay here if it's hot weather	Okay we only paid £49 for our room, I was upset we wasted that much on it, if we had paid the full £85 price I would have been hysterical! I didn't sleep one bit. Double room bed is 2 single beds pushed together and felt like sleeping on a sack of oranges. I felt like I was being eaten alive although I can't say I saw any bed bugs for sure. Room did seem clean and tidy on the surface. The nets were filthy and made my skin crawl. It was noisy and hot. We couldn't open the window more than 1 cm and the road noise was unbearable.We stayed here as we were getting the Eurostar at 6:25 the next morning so it served it's purpose of a bed for the night. If you are on a stag or hen do it would be perfect as you can pass out through too much booze to ensure you get some sleep. It would benefit from Air con if you visit in the Summer be prepared to be in a stuffy stifling environment. We didn’t use the restaurant but it did look ok. The bathroom looked clean and the shower was adequate with hot water. The service we got from the guy checking us in was the best bit or our stay, he was cheerful and friendly. It’s about 15 mins walk from Kings Cross and we noticed there is a Travelodge right opposite Kings Cross, we would try and stay there next time instead.I have always been one to get on with things and be realistic about expectations. I have stayed in many travel lodges and this one was by far the worse, it seems just because it has a London postcode attached to it they can charge what they like and give you a sack or oranges and call it a bed	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Location	This hotel was very cheaply priced at £29 pn and is perfectly located near Kings Cross station and the town of farrigdon. Rooms were nice - no complaints!	
Feb 28 2008 	Not Bad For The Money	For £50 You Can't Moan..........But I Will Anyway The Shower Didn't Work And There Double Beds Are Just Two Single Beds With a Sheet Covering The Gap. It Was However Clean And tidy The Staff Were Nice And The Lifts Worked. If You Can Try To Get a Room At The Back Of The Hotel.10 Mins Walk To KingsCross Station.	
Jan 27 2008 	A good deal at the price central london	I can't argue with the previous reviews but at £29 per room in central London this is a pretty good deal. I've stayed in smaller, noisier rooms in London for a lot more money. The service lift is now available for guests use. Staff were very pleasant. The room was large and clean and as it was at the back wasn't too noisy at all. Expect no frills and you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 20 2008 	Good Cheap Cheerful accomodation for London Sightseeing	Just thought I'd do a review of London Farringdon to complete my current tripadvisor repertoire!!:-)Stayed here last summer for some sightseeing and a day at wimbledon championships.Its an ok hotel, room and bathroom nice enough just beware of rooms on the raodside as the traffic around Kings Cross area is relentless all night long and on fridays and saturdays you have noisy drunks yelling shouting their way home all night long too! We didn't get much sleep the three days that we stayed in this room as the traffic was so noisy even with the window shut and this in turn made the room stifling warm.The buffet breakfast thing wasn't the best either so beware of paying £8 each in advance for some shrivelled up scrambled egg and beans that have been sat on the side for ages!King's Cross is a bit of a rough area but not that rough really! You don't see many people about at ngiht.Ideal for tube trains! A fantastic indian resyaurant at King's Cross too !!!	
Jan 16 2008 	You get what you pay for	Arrived to find lift not working and our rooms were on the 4th floor and as one of our party was 72, this was a problem.I know that the rooms were only £19 per night so I didn't expect too much, but most of the staff were pleasant, although the barman seemed to think that customers were an inconvenience. The bar food is dire. Don't even attempt a look at the menu.Overall, you get what you pay for.Would I stay in Kings Cross again? Not on your nelly!	
Jan 13 2008 	Only stay here is you've paid £26 / night or less	We have a trip to London every year in January for my husband's birthday. We always get great rates in the travelodges and pretty much know what to expect. We stayed 11th and 12th Jan for £19 per room per night - so a total of £38. The hotel itself is a good 20 minute walk from Kings Cross and you do pass a S&amp;M shop and also a massage / sauna place which looked very seedy. This however did not bother us as we had already stayed at the London Kings Cross Royal Scot 2 years previously (which is 5 minutes nearer and nicer).We checked in easily at 2:30pm and were informed that the lifts were not working and to take the stairs. This did make me laugh as I had read before we travelled that they had been broke for several weeks. Luckily we were only on the 2nd floor!The room itself was a bit mismatch. 2 single beds pushed together which although old and slightly lumpy were quite comfortable. The room faced the main road in front and was quite stuffy. This meant that we kept the window open the entire stay and therefore the room was noisey. This might bother you if you are a light sleeper however we did not have any problems sleeping. The bedside table was a good metre from the bed. Only 4 hangers in the wardrobe but plenty of drawers. The room did have a flat screen TV which was nice and had a couple of extra freeview channels. There was also internet access if you needed it. Also tea and coffee making facilities.The bathroom was the worst part. The toilet seat had been taped back together. The bathroom was tiny, I struggled to turn around in it. The shower was old and the shower curtain very smelly. The shower curtain rail was all rusty and there was a lot of mold on the ceiling. I tried to spend as little time as possible in here. The only toiletries you get here are a small bar of soap for washing hands.The bar in the hotel did not open until 5pm and stayed open until at least 12 so forget any ideas of getting lunch.5 minutes walk away there was a collection of shops, restaurants and pubs and we ate in 2 of the restaurants which were very nice. Rather than getting the tube back into central London we caught the bus (no. 19 or 38 to Leicester Square area) turn left out of the hotel and walk for about 5 minutes. you will come to some traffic lights cross the road and the bus stop is in front of you (area is called Exmouth market) for £2 each. Saved the 20 minute walk to and from Kings Cross.Would I stay in this hotel again? Only if it was all I could find and under £26 / night however I would try my hardest to find somewhere closer.Do not stay here at the £81 / night rate. There are better hotels at this rate. Pay a maximum of £26 night.	
Jan 12 2008 	Not Much Good	I would have given this hotel a 2 star if only for the 26gbp price for one night I got online six months in advance. However, after arriving from an overnight flight from San Francisco, an hour on the tube, and a 20+ minute walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras it was disheartening to be told the lift wasn't working and our room was on the 4th floor. (Of course, the guy at the desk said the lift would be fixed &quot;tomorrow&quot; - clearly the lift has been broken for weeks - unbelievable.)The room was big enough and clean enough and even had big, fluffy towels and a tea/coffee pot, though the bed was old and lumpy. And I might have still given two stars if it weren't for being woken up by a fire alarm at 2:30am and then herded outside in the freezing cold for 45 min for what was obviously a false alarm (a card had been jammed in and broken off in the outer door, and the desk clerk and firemen had obviously seen this &quot;prank&quot; before). I was looking for an inexpensive place to rest in London before an early morning train trip to York the next morning out of Kings Cross. Inexpensive - yes. Restful - no. And the Travelodge Royal Scot was closer and without the walk by the s&amp;m shop. As I told my teenage son when he voiced concerns about the area, &quot;One sex shop equals colorful; you have to see two or more to equal seedy.&quot; A much better choice is the rather nice Novotel near Kings Cross which I got for 80 bucks on Priceline for our last night. Only 5 mins. walk from the tube and not much more expensive than a crappy, distant, Travelodge that doesn't even bother to fix its lifts for weeks on end.	
Jan 3 2008 	No working lifts!	We stopped here for two nights on the fantastic price of £19 per night, and because of the price we really couldn't complain!However, on checking in we were told that their lifts were not working, after asking, we found out they had been broken for over a week! We were then told we were on the 4th floor, and with three suitcases (one per room), no porters, we struggled to drag/haul these to our rooms. NOT a good start. However the rooms themselves were clean and the decor was ok. We too had a cracked mirror, which we assumed may have come from the kettle which was next too it. Two of the rooms were at the front of the hotel and the road noise was pretty bad, especially as the windows didn't close completely. The room at the back of the hotel was much better, until the bin men arrived at 8am! This room also had minimal hot water though and no plug.The location was half way between Farringdon Tube and Kings Cross tube, so in future I will first look at cheap rooms at Kings Cross Royal Scot (stayed here before and much nicer). It definitely was a GOOD 10 minute walk to this hotel, but if it comes down to price and availability I would stay here for £19 per night!There is also a J D Wetherspoons down the road (5-10 minute walk) for £2.49 breakfasts!	
Jan 2 2008 	Very Disappointing	We have just stayed in the Travelodge in Farringdon, London. My only advice is do not stay there, my 2 nights there have been a nightmare. The lift was not working so we had to drag our luggage up the fire escape stairs, no portarage available. I am visibly impaired and found it very difficult trying to see the steps and carry my luggage, I did ask for a room on the lower levels but trying to get anyone to understand what you are saying is very difficult because quote 'sorry cannot speak english' was branded about at any oportunity if you tried to talk to anyone.Then it became dark, the stairs are badly lit with several light bulbs not working, so you imagine my problems trying to get up and down the stairs. On the second night we arrived back at the hotel in the dark to find the stairs being washed, in the dark, with no thought for guests trying to go up and down the dark stairwell, again no 0one could speak english and there was no manager to talk to.All in all a very disappointing hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	OK if you manage to get really cheap!	Booking into this hotel, reception seemed OK. Functional &amp; clean &amp; pretty much in line with what you would expect from a chain like this. I noticed the published room rate (Which I know no-one ever pays) was some three times the rate I paid &amp; at the end of the stay I was quite glad this was all paid!The room, in fairness, was better than I thought it might be after reading these reviews. but then I was grateful to see my room after having to walk up the grotty fire escape as the lifts had broken down (glad I wasn't on the 5th floor with heavy suitcases!) I appreciate that it was the Christmas period, but I find it hard to believe travelodge don't have a lift contract, which resulted in the lifts being out of order all the time we were there (3 days)Back to the room- very tired &amp; not overly clean. The flat screen telly was nice but hardly an essential item (would rather have had my bed made &amp; towels replaced &amp; a shutting window......)The bed also was fairly comfortable and bedding appeared clean which is more than some hotels I have stayed at. The window wouldn't shut fully and so road noise was very apparent. Amazingly, I slept through this &amp; it wasn't an issue, but I was surprised and I think a lighter sleeper might have struggled to sleep here.Also of concern was the strong smell of 'Herbal Cigarrettes' in the corridor, apparently wafting from one of the rooms (The hotel wasn't that bad to have to resort to this!)I did feel sorry for visitors to this country who didn't appear to be on a budget and almost certainly would (Should) have expected better for their money. I guess this is a London thing and not particularly Travelodges fault to be fair - I have yet to find a fairly priced hotel in London that I would give more than 3 points to.In Summary- there were issues and it was far from ideal, but for the right price I would stay here again.	
Dec 19 2007 	Good at the price - For London	This hotel at this price outside london would be a bad deal, for london its OK. I have stayed in some real dumps in London, and even some of the very expensive hotels come under the above description.The room is clean, but in need of minor maintenance, before it gets worse. Various small faults.The food in the resturant was not good, but this hotel is only 2 minuites walk from an area with a good variety of places to eat.This hotel is not upto the normal travelodge standards, but its london - so you expect that. I'd probably come back.	
Nov 28 2007 	Karl and Vicky	Ok, so its not the most expensive hotel in the world, BUT, it should at least be CLEAN! The room had a burnt lamp shade, rusting shower curtain pole, cracked mirror, cracked wall, &quot;dubious&quot; stains on the bathroom floor, tea stained dressing table (badly stained), and a window that wouldn't seal (meaning shed loads of road noise).The breakfast is a joke at £7.50, and we had to get a refund as the sausages would best be described as rocks, there were no plates or glasses, there was no bacon, the egg was more grey than yellow. Juice, coffee, tea and cereals can only be found OUTSIDE the breakfast area (well, the food pretending to be breakfast).The staff appear to have given up, when I complained about the breakfast I had a refund put in my hand with a sigh (and I mean a physical sigh, as if to say &quot;another&quot;). Other members of our party had to be moved as their bedroom stank of damp, and was also so small it was a struggle to get into the room! Their new room was nearly as bad as ours......The hotel is located AFTER the Kings Cross Travel Lodge and is annoyingly about 300 meters within the congestion charge!!!It is more like 1.5 miles to the main attractions/theatre area of London. The nearest tube station of Farringdon is more like a 10 minute walk (if you walk very quickly). Also, for any families, be aware that you have to walk through some of the more salubrious areas of London to get to the main centre (plenty of strip clubs nearby in other words).The car park is a joke, I know I drive a big car (Vectra Estate) but there was not one space my car fitted in...Neither did any of the other cars there fit in the spaces. There are no lights in the car park, and you feel like you are parked with the bins. £15 per 24 hrs, wouldn't mind if it wasn't for so much glass in the car park.In short, don't stop at this hotel, if you pay more than £1 for the privelege.	
Nov 26 2007	A disgrace to Travelodge	Having stayed at numerous Travelodges throughout the country I had no hesitation in booking rooms at Travelodge Farringdon. I was with a party of 8 and we had 4 twin rooms booked. We were advised over the telephone that although we would not be able to check in to our rooms until 2.00pm, we would be able to leave our bags until check-in. On arrival at reception we were told (very rudely by having a pre-printed notice placed in front of us) that bags could not be left under any circumstances. This was contrary to the advice we were given over the telephone and one of the conditions we required for our stay. Luckily a more helpful member of staff overheard our predicament and asked the receptionist to check if any room were available to check in. There was one available so we were able to leave our luggage in this room. The room was tiny, but this didn’t matter. However what did matter was that the room was a smoking room and stunk of stale smoke and more importantly the single beds were the narrowest single beds I have ever come across. If you lay on your back your arms would dangle out of the edge of each side of the bed. Residents should be informed of this fact beforehand. After spending the day in London we returned to the hotel to check-in the remaining rooms. All went smoothly until one of our party being desperate for the toilet realised that something was amiss when he noticed someone’s wash bag in the bathroom! On checking the room this was indeed someone else’s bedroom which they had given us! BEWARE. The hotel, the staff, the cleanliness, and the decor are all of a poor standard and one which Travelodge should seriously thing about keeping on their books. It certainly does not live up to the previous experiences I have had in Travelodges throughout the country.	
Nov 22 2007 	what a dump	I was booked in by my employer for a 2 night stay. The first room I had was freezing as the heating didn't work, the second room had no hot water and my final room was a smoking room on the 3rd floor. Overall its very basic, dirty and extremely noisy as its across from the royal mail sorting office.I won't stay there again even for cheapie stay as there are better hotels in the same area for the same price.	
Nov 11 2007 	Worst budget hotel ever stayed in!	I stayed in the Travelodge for one night. I found the hotel to be a very long walk from Kings Cross station. I found the directions on the website slightly misleading as it seems closer to the stations than in reality.The room was small but I expected that for a Travelodge. I had a single bed, which was very uncomfortable to sleep in, the springs were too springy and every time you rolled over it felt like being at sea during a heavy storm!I also found the pillows to be very uncomfortable. If you pay for breakfast you are given a very tacky looking breakfast voucher most likely photocopied as mine was.Irons were available from the main reception. The iron I had was damaged, there were electrical wires coming through the flex of the iron. I admit I never questioned this however I have great reservations why the iron is still in service. There were no signs for where to go for breakfast (information not given when booked in either) and once I found were breakfast was being served there was a sign asking to wait to be seated. After several minutes I asked the only member of staff on duty if I could sit, I was told it wasn’t necessary to wait there and sit anywhere.The restaurant was very poorly lit. The layout of the breakfast was very bad indeed, the breakfast cereals, fruit, butter, marmalade and fresh drinks were situated in the main bar area, the hot food and toast was in the restaurant and then the teas, coffee and sugar were situated round the corner. I found this very disorganised, as there were no signs to where anything was located.	
Nov 7 2007 	A poor reflection of English hotels	I stayed here for one night only, as it was convenient for the venue of the conference I was attending, as well as Kings Cross station. The staff were helpful but the hotel itself is drab, extremely basic and rather grubby. A box-like single room with no kettle, a fan which could not be used due to health and safefty reasons, no phone, no toiletries except soap, a thin duvet and an extremely unconfortable, lumpy mattress were among the poor features. Lack of double glazing means that the noise of the traffic disturbs sleep and I was able to hear, not only the television, but voices from the room next door. The entire place requires TLC, but sadly, its situation probably ensures a plentiful clientele. This experience has changed my opinion of Travel Lodges.	
Oct 30 2007 	Not the Ritz but deserves better than some of these reviews.	This hotel was booked for business purposes, to allow me to be in London for the next morning.It took me about 20 minutes to walk from St Pancras, but was pretty easy to find.The building looks like a concrete block from the outside, but the guy on reception was friendly enough and my 4th floor room was more than acceptable. Positives included both a double and single bed (the former was saggy but comfortable), a small flatscreen colour TV, coffee making facilities and clean linen and towels.The negatives were a very very small bathroom, and a window with a safety lock that was bust (I had no wish to jump, but you could have!) There is no aircon in the room (so that window did come in useful!) nor a phone in the room (but you pays your money...). 6/10 for the room.The hotel is obviously on a main road but for a light sleeper I was untroubled by traffic noise, nor was there much door banging or other problems from my fellow guests.There is a small restaurant downstairs - I walked the area for an hour an a half looking for a reasonable restaurant and ended coming back here to eat. Soup, then steak and kidney pie &amp; chips. It wasn't exactly cheap, but it was well cooked and good quality. 6/10 for the cuisine.My breakfast was included in the price, which is advertised as all you can eat, but was probably the low point. Barely adequate and not that warm. There is a hot drinks machine, but you need to go into the rear part of the room to find it. (OK, knock 2 marks off the grub for that one!)If you need somewhere relatively inexpensive to lay your hat for a night, this is one to consider. If you want a few nights or something some style, look elsewhere.	
Oct 13 2007	Clean but in serious need of refurbishment	I stayed at the Travelodge last weekend at a fabulously low rate of £26. This was because the booking was made a couple of months early.When we arrived, the hotel receptionist was a little brusque but pleasant enough. We were also allowed to book in earlier than the advertised time as the room was ready. The corridors looked fine, all the doors had electronic key-cards... So far, very promising.We open the door and there is quite a lot of space as we have a family room - so one double and one single bed. There was a flat-screen tv... also a good sign. It was a hot day and there was no air-conditioning but we could open the window and also there was a fan in the room.We were exhausted from a nightmare train journey, when my boyfriend lay down on the bed, it creaked terribly and it wasn't the springs. The bed was also not completely horizontal. I think a bigger made would have fallen through the base. That's when we began to notice all the little things. There were stains on the ceiling and also on the walls. The light fittings looked like they were once posh but sat skewed with bits of paint flaked off by time. The furniture looked very tired.In the bathroom, the extractor fan didn't work and there were only two bath towels, no hand towel. Some of the lights in there didn't work either. Got to admit, once again, it was spotlessly clean, towels were clean and the shower worked a treat. The positives were good staff, very clean premises but in need of updating. Also it's in a very good location, within easy walking distance to Embankment, St Pauls and the Tate Modern. Closest tube station is Farringdon. So overall, if you're interested in a room which is clean and in a central location ... also possibly at a good price (if you book early), this is good hotel. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend you stay here until the rooms are re-decorated.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great affordable London hotel	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the London Farringdon. We were a group of 5 girls, staying in a double and a triple room. Arrived at the hotel more than an hour before checkin time - hotel staff were very accomadating and as 1 of the rooms was ready we were able to checkin immediately. Rooms were clean and comfortable - exactly what we were looking for as a base to stay to explore the city. Staff were very friendly and approachable - we had requested that the double bed be changed into single beds. Upon arrival this hadn't been done but after asking at reception it was completed by the time we returned to the hotel in the evening.The hotel is easily accessible from Kings Cross Station - you can jump on the number 63 bus right outside the station and it stops outside the hotel - or it is only a maximum of a 10 minute walk down Kings Cross Road.We had 1 room at the rear of the hotel and the other at the front. Kings Cross Road is busy throughout the night so if possible when booking it is advisable to request a room at the rear where the noise isn't as noticeable.We didnt eat at the hotel but they do a buffet breakfast for £7.50 - and if you have children they eat for free. The bar in the hotel stayed open till 1am although there are a few pubs on Kings Cross Road which also stay open till 12 - 12.30am - where the staff were all friendly. They are also plenty of little cafes on Kings Cross Road which serve breakfasts.Would definately stay at this hotel again - was definately a bargain at £45 per room per night.	
Aug 28 2007 	Needs refurbishing very very badly	I stayed at the hotel as a stop off in london on the way to Hong Kong. Ok the room cost me £15 off the internet (which was advertised at £71 upon arrival ~ However, you would never pay that unless you were about to be sectioned), BUT even though it was cheap it was a very dirty room and for some strange reason every door on our corridor had a big hole 'fist punched' into it. Also even though I had a sign up outside saying &quot;still sleeping&quot;, the maids must have been eager to get us out as they came in twice before 9am whilst I was asleep (even though checkout is 12pm). Not bad as a pre holiday stop over ~ Give it a HUGE miss if your staying in london longer. Needs dragging, Kicking and Screeeeeeeaming into 2007. (There are far better Travelodges closeby, this is the worst of the 3 in this area)	
Aug 20 2007 	Fine for this budget level especially if on saver offer	This was fine for budget hotel standard. I had booked it as a £15 special offer room so it's probably the cheapest non-hostel accomodation in London, although that offer seems to be restricted to Sundays. The room was straightforward, clean, cheap and cheerful. Flat screen TV. Didn't eat there so I can't comment on the food, but there is a cafe if you want to get food there in the evenings and I did see others eating. The room was fairly spacious for this type of hotel - I didn't feel cramped.Location-wise, you do seem to be edging into slightly dodgy territory as you approach the hotel, but it is a manageable walk (15 mins) from Euston or Kings Cross, or Islington which will have nicer bars/restaurants. Note that you can't leave luggage after checking out - left luggage at either of the above stations is £6.50 for anything up to 24 hrs. If you don't think this is worthwhile, I suggest you try lugging a bag around all day and then think again. I'd compare prices and if it's the same as a more central Travelodge, then go to that one instead, but if you can get a special offer and don't mind a 15 min walk to the tube, this is a good place to try and does the basics pretty well.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great stay!	I've been to london for some times already but this was the best hotel i stayed in so far. We got an upgrade when we arrived there, we had booked for a room with 2(twin) beds and we got 2 double beds, so that was a pleasant surprise. Our room was located on the fourth floor, couldn't hear any noise from the road. However i would recomend a room away from the elevators, i found them quite noisy. The breakfast was excellent, most of the times breakfast in low-budget hotels aren't that good, but this one was really amazing, everything was there. The location of the hotel was good too. There is a small walk (5-10 minutes) to the tube station. the only downside of this hotel, we found, was the fact that we couldn't leave our luggage at the hotel (because of safety they said) so you can choose to leave it at a station with left luggage ( but it will cost you 6 pound, what we found rather expensive for 5 hours) or just carry it with you (we did that, but after 5 hours you get really tired). Overall, the hotel was excellent, nice staff, clean rooms, we will come back!	
Aug 6 2007 	Appauled by this hotel	I think this is the worst hotel i have had the misfortune to stay in!!Having booked a room for 3 nights at £71 per night - i was shocked to find that they then charge you a further £15 a day for parking. By the time you have paid this £86 per night you would be as well staying in the Hilton at London Bridge for £100 / night.The room - 343 - was dirty and extremely hot and stuffy. There is no air con, and the filthy window only opened an inch. The room's fixtures and fitting were so dated and had black marks from the bulbs heat on the shades and ceiling. The rooms do not have telephones in them, and there is no hairdryer either.The bathroom was miniscule, and there was barely any hot water the whole time i was there. The fan was full of grey sooty dust and the shower curtain and ceiling had mould on them. Worse was the underlying smell of urine. When i complained to reception they did provide me with a hairdryer and a portable fan, but the fan was also full of foul grey dust and made no difference to the humidy of the room. I would most definately not return!	
Jul 6 2007 	Loved it even though it was small	My favorite thing about this hotel was the breakfast, oh my-- soooo good. Bacon, bacon, bacon. I still think about the hot breakfast buffet, two years after I stayed here. The staff was very nice, the room was clean. I wasn't thrilled about the location, but it was my first visit to London, so I'm sure that added to the issues with getting around. I had reserved a double, but I got there too early so I just took the single they were offering. It was super small, but clean and the bathroom looked new. I reccommend this place.	
Jul 1 2007 	Not a bad place to stay	This is just what you'd expect from a Travelodge in the UK - good, clean accomodation at a decent price. Our room was the normal Travelodge room. Only downside was the shower - pitiful flow of waterand not too hot either. We had a ground floor room in the Annexe - notraffic noise at all despite King's Cross Road being very busy. You can hear the rumble of the Underground trains but you soon don't notice that. Becuase we were on thr ground floor which has no openingwindows (for security I guess) we had air conditioning which was verygood.Breakfast was excellent - have as much as you want though I do miss muesli in these places.All in all, pretty good - an easy 10 mins walk from King's Cross station. King's Cross Road can be a bit seedy but a bus stop is rightoutside the hotel so if you don't fancy the walk, you can always hop on the bus - number 63 I think. By the way, you'll pass Travelodge King's Cross Royal Scot between the station and this hotel - not to be confused! There's another Travelodge on Gray's Inn Road which runsparallel - it's called Travelodge King's Cross!	
Jun 15 2007 	I Found Hell	The 14th of June was the date everyone was talking about in our office, our summer party 2007. For the unlucky few, we were given free accommodation at the Travel Lodge Hotel in Farringdon, London. On arriving at our destination, I was somewhat surprised at how glamorous the hotel looked on the outside, beautiful flowers, a butler in a suit opening the door for guests, I cheeky smile grew on my face with the thought of 'Im going to have fun here tonight'...however, this thought quickly disappeared from my mind as I was about to enter the hotel, a colleague kindly pointed out that I was staring at the wrong hotel, ours was across the road, in what looked like a partly demolished building, but hey, looks are not everything, I told myself.....On entering the hotel, I was amazed at what they had done to the reception, dullest looking reception I had ever seen. We all checked in smoothly, I asked to be upgraded to the pent house to which I was met with laughter from the staff, they new something I didn't!. Although I was given a none smoking room, the whole hotel smelt of a mixture of smoke, urine and other bodily fluids. My room was small, tiny, the phrase swing a cat couldn't even describe my shoe box. The first thing I noticed with my room was that they had also kindly built in a sauna, the temperature was hot, very hot. Shower room was used, well used. The shower curtain had more Staines on it than Barry Scott's laboratory. By this stage I was hot, smelt worse than I did before I dared enter the shower and cramp was beginning to set in. I decided to relax with some TV, which didn't work. Window wouldn't shut, floors were dirty and my bed reminded me of my younger days in which I would wake up early and change the sheets before mum came in. All in all, the hotel was hell. I decided to complain about the broken air condition, 'We don't have air condition' came the reply, at least that solved one mystery. Staff were friendly and also rather shocked that we have booked into this hotel. Would I recommend this hotel to my friends, I'd rather recommend a weeks stay in the Gaza Strip dressed all in green.	
Jun 9 2007 	Much Better than I Expected	We booked for 2 nights for a double plus room (1 double bed + 1 single bed) for June 2/3, 2007. The hotel is a short bus ride (2 min) from Kings' Cross station (there's a bus stop directly across from the hotel on both sides of the road) so that was a plus. We paid 26 pounds per night (booked online) for the room which was a pretty good deal. The room was very clean and well made-up. The double bed was actually 2 single mattresses pushed together but that was okay. I was travelling with a friend so we didn't really care. The shower wasn't actually working at all so we phoned up the desk. They told us there wasn't any available rooms that night but first thing tomorrow morning, they had another double plus room available. We took their offer and the replacement room was clean and bright. Thankfully, the shower worked this time!I had a good time here and I would come back here for the price because most London Travelodges are filled up quickly. Farringdon is a bit away from the sights but there's a tube/train station on both sides of the hotel so you can get to the main attractions pretty quickly. There's tons of restaurants around Kings Cross (I recommend Chop Chop on Euston Rd.) so there is no shortage of restaurants.	
Apr 27 2007 	value for money	fancied a cheap weekend away booked the travelodge for less than £100 for 2 nights room was a good size considering the size of the bed!!!!! almost kingsize. only fault we found was that it was a little way out from the attractions of leicester square,oxford street etc overall a good quality basic hotel	
Apr 24 2007 	Business trip overnight stay	For an overnight business trip in a travel lodge, my expectations were not high. I was not disappointed. The room was standard, good size, clean and well laid out, though a little tired and in need of refurbishment. The noise from the traffic kept me awake and as there was no a/c one has to try and sleep with the window ajar.The reception and the public rooms where all clean but soulless. Getting a drink at the bar was slow and breakfast was spread over two rooms. The atmosphere was more café than restaurant.	
Apr 17 2007	Not as good as other Travelodges	1 week stay in April 2007. I’ve stayed in many different Travelodges and find most of them good value for money. They are clean, neat, tidy and offer a basic room for the price. This hotel also has a reasonably priced restaurant on the ground floor. I was happy with the room and staff and nice. This is not one of the better Travelodges. The rooms are slightly small and the corridors look a little claustrophobic. This is Once again, the hotels doors bang loudly when shutting so you could be woken up by these sudden loud noises. I would have rated this hotel higher but I cant because of the slamming doors! Undisturbed sleep is one of my main criteria and because of the slamming doors I given this hotel a lower rating.	
Apr 12 2007 	Just Ok	We spend one night at Travelodge Farringdon for £26 (total). We wouldn't have been impressed if we spend a penny more. I was told the Farringdon was closer to Kingscross tube/train station but it wasn't. TL Kingcross is about 10 minutes and TL Farringdon is a 15 minute walk. Ok it's only 5 mintues more but when your carrying a huge bag then 5 mins feels like 20.We had a twin bed pushed together to make a double bed. The 5 channels on the 14in screen was all fuzzy. Not much you can say about the hotel except the sheets and bathroom was clean.	
Mar 30 2007 	Excellent budget priced hotel	Just stayed 6 nights at the Farringdon Travelodge in London. After searching the internet for budget hotels in London around £50 per night, I was quite excited for find the Travelodge deals offered on their website. While Travelodge sometimes offer deals as low as £15, we paid £49 per night and still felt that we got great value for money.The hotel is about a 7 minute walk from Kings Cross - St Pancras Station, we dragged our wheelie suitcases from the station, and it was no problem. Check-in was the fastest I've ever experienced, didn't have to sign anything or give my credit card, my room was prepaid and the whole process took less than 2 minutes.We were in room 411 on the 4th floor facing King's Cross Road. It was a small room, but from my experience this is common in London. The room was very clean, and well kept (which I wasn't expecting due to previous reviews). While there was some traffic noise from the road, when the window was shut it didn't t bother us. The double bed was two singles bolted together, however we didn't find this to be much of a problem, and always got a good night's sleep. The TV had BBC1, BBC2, ITV, Ch 4 plus some movies you could purchase. When I first turned the TV on there was audio but no picture, but fiddling with the cables at the back of the TV rectified the problem. The shower was hot, and the water pressure not too bad. The heater worked well on the few cold nights we needed to turn it on.All in all, no serious complaints. Great hotel for the price. The only downside is the small room (not much room to have more than one suitcase open at a time), and the fact that it is nearly 10 mins to the nearest tube - no big deal really. I definitely recommend this hotel to budget travellers in London.	
Mar 18 2007	OK a bit frayed around the edges	If you can get it at the discounted price no complaints. 10 -15 minutes walk from the nearest tube stations which is unusual in Central London. Very comfortable bed and warm room. If you are on a budget it is worth considering. To be honest no worse than Holiday Inns that I have stayed at at their rather inflated prices.	
Mar 17 2007 	Fine if you get it cheap!	I stayed here for one night as i had a concert nearby to go to.I booked this particular hotel due to the location and the fact that it was the cheapest hotel left on the travelodge website for that night.The hotel is approx 10 mins walk from Kings Cross station (which the website advises you is closer than Farringdon), on the walk there you actually (or at least i did) go past two other Travelodges. The Farringdon Travelodge is opposite a Holiday Inn.I checked in without too much bother.Receptionist was fairly friendly and let me check in a hour early.Neither of the lifts worked, which meant using a narrow old school staircase to get to my room.My double room was as you would expect fairly basic.A Small size, and was quite stuffy. When i opened the window, this went away but then another problem of noise came in to play, a job the window was actually doing a good job of keeping out.London drivers like to beep alot, i learnt!General cleanliness of the room was again basic, but sheets, towels (all 2 of them) were clean, the room just needed a better hoover in more discreet areas.The bed was of a okay size and i got a good nights sleep.The bathroom was also compact, the shower didnt work, so i used the bath which wasn't the most comfortable experience of my life.The television quality was terrible though, all 5 channels fuzzy and my remote control didn't work. Pay Tv also looked basic as the &quot;latest&quot; film was War of the Worlds.So Overall, if you manage to get a room for 15 or 26 pounds, then you are getting value, but if full price then i suggest you go for a Premier Travel Inn to get more for your money.	
Feb 20 2007 	GRIM!!!!	I stayed for 5 nights in February 2006 whilst on a training course in Holborn, so selected the hotel for its convenient ( I believed) location and its Saver Rate advertised on the Travelodge website. I arrived late on Sunday evening at Kings X station and believed it was a short walk down Kings X Rd to the hotel, so didn't get a taxi. I wished I had - the walk down Kings X road was scary....badly lit, barely anyone about and with semi-derelict buildings lining the road. I felt extremely vulnerable and exposed.....a woman walking alone with a wheelie suitcase - not recommended! After a brisk 15 minute walk I reached the hotel and was promptly booked in - I was the only person presenting myself at reception so a painless check-in.The common areas, foyer, lounge bar etc, were all very nice, smart, well maintained and appeared popular with the guests - however when opening the door to my room I could see why the public areas were so popular!The room was of a reasonable size, however it was a vision of old artex, chipped teak veenered chipboard dresser/vanity unit and a well worn carpet with an equally attractive washed out duvet cover.The bathroom although superficially clean, was spoiled by blackened grouting in the tiles,and a limescale deposit where the bath tap had dripped continually for a long period of time.The bed itself comprised of 2 twin beds bolted together, however as I guess it had seen mostly single occupation and most people would sleep closest to the door, the one side of the bed was as firm as new....whereas the other had a visible dip where a 1000 businessmen had slept before me! I actually curled up in the dip rather like a hamster....ugh!! If I attempted to sleep in the centre of the bed there was a rather uncomfortable ridge where newer bed met well worn bed!However, for the small nightly fee I decided to weather it out... Next morning I presented myself for breakfast and was told that I couldn't have breakfast added to my bill for the week, even though Travelodge were holding credit card details for me. I had to buy a ticket each day and hand it in when I ate - ok,but hardly convenient.The area around the hotel itself appears to be on the up...there are some beautiful houses in some very attractive squares to the rear of the hotel, and a nice little parade of shops a little past the Mount Pleasant sorting office which has a couple of nice restaurants and a few general stores to pick up a magazine etc, but overall I really didn't feel happy wandering around alone after dark. The area might be absolutely fine, but I just didn't feel comfortable - and I'm not a scaredy-cat! I'm sure if there are more than one of you then explore away - there seems to be lots to see.Close to the hotel there are a couple of the sort of grubby looking pizza and kebab takeaways that you see near train stations, but to be honest I could see why the hotel lounge bar/restaurant seemed so popular!Overall for the 5 days I was there I felt anonymous...I stayed late and ate around Covent Garden, and returned to my room with a newspaper...I really didn't see any of the staff,and they really didn't seem to see me.....all very strange really.Location wise its really too far from Kings X to be convenient, and not too well served with buses. You'd feel a fraud getting a taxi for such a short distance but its a good 15 minute uphill walk to the tube and thats not easy when pulling your luggage with you.Not for me....I won't be returning - even for £26 a night!	
Feb 19 2007	Book Another Travelodge	Quick arrival at checkin, check in staff even put us on the same floor as some of our friends.Rooms very dated, very basic, double beds are 2 singles put together, thin duvets, uncomfy pillows.Try and get a room not facing the main road or you'll get no sleep with the noise even with the window shut.Some friends had no TV working. Our TV had 2 channels.Ended up being stuck in the lift for 20 minutes after our night out, fire services had to get us out.Got back to our room, which was flooded due to the raidiator pipe exploding or coming away from the wall, the pipes already had brown markings on it from what must of been a previous incident.Half the room was soaked wet through, the bed was wet, half the room was extremely wet.Went down to reception (5 flights of stairs, i wasn't using the lift again), he said &quot;it should be safe&quot; and sent me on my way, even though the raidiator was by an electrical socket.My roommate told him it wasn't safe or sleepable in as it stank of mould and dampness, so he moved us to the smoking floor (we'd booked non smoking) at 4am.Woke up coughing with the smoke from the smoking floor.Had breakfast, paid £7.50 for an all you can eat. Although supplies were constantly low and a big rush when staff brought out more. Quality of food for breakfast was very economy, so wouldnt recomend their breakfasts.Then checkout out after asking reception to book us a cab, DONT DO THIS, they have their own taxi firm who decide on their own prices and charged 10 pound for a 3 minute journey, when it cost £4 the day before in a black cab (exactly the same journey), so go and flag a cab outside the hotel and dont book with them.Not a safe area to walk, everyone next morning was talking about a girl getting mugged at 4am outside the hotel, everyone heard her screams, and her friends told me about in the morning.Upon checking out I explained our room swapping at 4am, and the lift incident, and she just said &quot;do you want us to pay for breakfast for you&quot;, id already paid, and she just walked away, no apology.I stood and waited for her to come back and only after more customers were standing behind me listening, did she say she'd only refund half my room cost, id paid originally £49.If it wasn't for my friends keeping me sane, i wouldnt of coped at all in this hotel.If your looking for somewhere, where you dont care what it looks like, or if maintenance is bad or if you like being trapped in tiny lifts, then go for it.	
Jan 10 2007 	Excellent Value If You Can Get A Saver Rate	Stayed at The Travelodge Farringdon for 1 night on Sunday 7th January 2007, got a online saver rate of £15 a night.Location - Hotel is on Kings Cross Road about 10 - 15 minutes walk from Kings Cross / St Pancras Train Station &amp; about 30 mins walk to the West End. Only thing you could grumble about is that this hotel isnt located close to a Underground Station, i think the nearest one is back and Kings Cross / St Pancras.Rooms - I was allocated a double room plus, which had a double bed + a single bed, room size was very good &amp; it was clean and tidy upon arrival. Room had a built in wardrobe area plus a desk and bedside table. Colour TV with BBC 1 &amp; 2, ITV &amp; C4 + some radio channels, decore was a little bland and looked a bit dated. Bathroom - Its was a bit on the small side but was fine for what you need it for and just like the room it was clean &amp; tidy upon arrival. I did have a little trouble with the shower pressure at times, one minute it was fine then the next all the pressure would go &amp; then all of a sudden it would come back again.Overall this is a fine hotel if all you want is something basic and your not intrested in anything too fancy. I would recommened this hotel and im giving it 5/5 but only if you can book a saver rate of either £26 or £15 per night, i would not stay here if i had to pay the standard rate of £70.	
Jan 8 2007 	New Years stay	Stayed for three nights. Jan 2-4, 2007. room was clean even though the beds were a little soft! Thats it though - Great rate 27. pounds through the website. Holiday Inn across the street has tour bus pick ups in the early AM so that was convenient. Great little internet cafe a little furthur down the street with great coffee. Cozy litlle bar downstairs with a not half bad pizza and a fair selection of ales. Really cannot beat this deal. Everyone was friendly and check was simple. Stay there! Hint - the 63 bus from Kings Cross tube station goes right by the hotel. Don't walk - its a little far with luggage. Just tell the driver and he will be sure and stop and its free with the all day travel card pass.	
Dec 21 2006 	too far from tube!	Stayed here Sat &amp; Sun in a family room and was quite dissappointed. It was quite a distance from KingsX tube and a bus ride from Farringdon. As I was with 2 disabled teenagers, competing in a national gymnastics competition, the walk became an issue for us (it is also a pain if you are pulling luggage!). The room was extremely small and poor quality. Travelodge have cut back on &quot;frills&quot; so there were no toiletries, hairdryer etc, only one towel and two pillows. You can get extra linen from reception but as there is no telephone line to reception and that means getting the kids ready and ALL heading down!The tv service was rotten (not even 5 channels) and the bathroom well past its best.To their credit the staff were great considering they seemed to be continually under pressure from dissatisfied customers!We got one night at the £26 (online prepaid) rate and the other at the usual £79. The reduced rate night is the only reason I didn't complain but I have stayed at far superior family hotels in London for £70 -£80 per night. Rather than choose this hotel I would advise checking out online sites for good family bargains at much better locations and with better facilities. Great for those who can get the £26 rate but don't pay more!	
Nov 29 2006 	Couldn't fault the Travelodge Farringdon.	Got this hotel at €94 B&amp;B on Otel.com and the hotel's own website at £26 so it was a reasonable deal. Room was well proportioned and spotless. Theatreland and Oxford St. are easily accessable on foot (20-25 mins) or by Tube, and a little further south there are fantastic Thames-side walks right down to the South Bank and London Eye - great area to visit with lots to see and do. Check-in was fast and friendly and staff were courteous and helpful. Continental Breakfast was more than adequate with food aplenty to get one through until lunch. As with most hotels, opt for a room to the rear whenever possible as you are more likely to have a quieter stay. Kings Cross Rd is a busy thoroughfare and the hotel fronts on to it. Room rates are generally around £26 - £70 on Travelodges own site and for a pretty central location it represents good value. As a regular user of this chain, and while preferring Travelodge Holborn, I could not fault this establishment. I will be back!	
Oct 24 2006 	dated but still a bargain	Got the £26.00 room rate from [--] .First night stayed in room 513,easily the smallest double room we've stayed in and the shower flow was very weak.Requested another room the following day [informed staff about shower]and was given a much bigger and better family room,room 502,Taken all things into consideration i.e. the rooms are dated double bed is actually 2 singles together and you are staying at a 2* chain hotel,it was clean,the staff were very friendly ,hotel was very quiet and the price of drink at the bar [£2.98 a pint] ok for central London lol.Positioned approx 10/15 mins walk from Kings Cross tube or a very short bus ride [the no. 63] to KXand 200m away from the restaurants/bars of Exmouth Market ,which i would definately recommend,If i were to get the £26.00/room option again i wouldn't hesitate to go back [i would try to book a family room though] but i wouldn't pay the normal £70.00 rate.I would rather go to some of the newer t/lodges.Hope this helps.	
Oct 23 2006 	Dont Be Put Off	Spent 2 nights with 3 friends in this Travel lodge. Was a bit wary after reading the reviews but we couldnt have faulted it. The accomodation was typical travel lodge but comfortable and clean.The lodge is situated in Kings Cross area of London and the train station and underground are a good 10 min walk away.Plenty of places near by to get breakfast and we ate out all the time.	
Sep 8 2006 	Better than i expected	Stayed in the Travelodge London Farringdon for 1 night at the beginning of September 2006.Location is about 10 minute walk from Kings Cross &amp; St Pancras Train Stations and about a 30 minute walk to Londons west end,. I think the nearest Tube Station is back at Kings Cross / St Pancras.Upon arrival the reception guy was friendly and checkin was quick. Arrived at my room which was on the 5th floor and was quite surprised how good the room was when compared to some of the reviews ive read on here, i was expecting some sort of hell hole.Room was very clean and smelt fresh although the decore is a bit bland, but it had a good size double bed, TV with the 5 main UK channels, Tea &amp; Coffee making facilities.Bathroom although a bit on the small side it was ok, the only thing i could really complain about would be that the bathroom had a few loose tiles in it which i think made it look alittle grubby than it really was, overall the bathroom was clean had it been mucky i would have gone back to reception and asked for a room change and one of the handrails in the bath was missing, but theses where minor things which didnt bother me at all.I did notice abit of noise at night as i think the hotel attracts quite alot of young people who have come down to London for the weekend.Overall the hotel is fine for a 1 or 2 night stay, cant really grumble at £26 a night ( and thats per room not per person ) for a central London hotel, i would say this hotel is more suited to someone just looking for a bed and a bathroom somewhere for them to crash at night. normally i would rate this hotel as a 2/5 but im giving it 3/5 just beacuse you can get bargain supersaver rates if you book in advance on the travelodge website.Would i stay here again ? Yes but only if i could get one of the supersaver rate rooms, i wouldnt pay the full £70 per night rate.	
Sep 8 2006 	Great hotel	I was in London for an internship this summer and needed somewhere cheap and close to my offices. I was there for almost a month, and although the hotel is more often used by people for one or two nights only, the staff went out of their way to make my stay pleasant.The room was absolutely fine, with everything you could need, and was cleaned to a very high standard each morning. The location is great, and unlike others I experienced no problems with outdoor noise. My room was comfortable and clean, and I was there for longer than most other visitors!The rooms are an absolute bargain, and considering the location, I can honestly say I was delighted with my stay. People should consider the price they are paying for a room in central london!Staff provided an extra fan for me in the hot weather, as well as extra bedding when a friend missed her train. Would defintely reccomend this a budget hotel for a stopover in central London.	
Aug 31 2006 	Best Travelodge location so far	I have to say this was the best Travelodge location I have ever stayed in, friendly staff, clean rooms, hot food and comfirtable. Upon arrival I was shown to my room by reception staff, most unusual with this company. My room was large, having a double and single bed, desk, chair and sofa in it. Even though I had booked a single! The bathroom was small, but clean, with towles soft and fluffy, changed everyday. The simple to work shower always hot!Ok, the TV only picked up 3 channels clearly, but as I was sightseeing in London TV really wasnt an issue!Breakfast (by buying a voucher each night before from reception) was an all you can eat buffet offering continental, cereals and full english was reasonably priced, hot and tasty.The hotel's Bar/Cafe for evening meals was cheap and hot and although only 6 choices on its menu these were widely varied. Hopefully they will roll these trial (so I was informed) resteraunts to their other hotels soon!My only criticism, my room faced the busy king's cross road and lorries from the adjacent royal mail HQ rolled past well into the night. However shutting the window and a tiring schedule these did little to stop me sleeping!Would reccomend this hotel to younger people looking for a bargain London break, just £15 a night pre booked on their website!	
Aug 15 2006 	Ok for the Money	We booked a stay for 1 night for £26 for the room for the night , I would just like to say that you get what you pay for if you go expecting a four star hotel you are in for a let down.it is a bargain hotel and if you are just looking for a bed for the night it is a bargain , we checked in and were told that the smoking room we had booked would not be ready for an hour so we took a non smoking room , when we got to the room it was terrible and had not been cleaned (wet towels on the floor bed not made etc) so we went down and told them that we would not stay in it and would wait for the smoking room which were now told was ready ( within 5 mins!) The room was fine with a big bed ,tv,drinks and a small bathroom the towels were clean and the bedding was too.Don't book your breakfast at the hotel there are loads of places to eat just along the road with full english breakfast generally on sale for £3.80 !!! Also if you fancy a quick drink the carpenters pub just along form the hotel is nice and friendly and not expensive!	
Jul 26 2006 	Travelodge: You get what you pay for	This was my first Travelodge experience. I wish I had known what I would be getting for my money, prior to making my reservation. No doubt the hotel chain has received complaints, for a card is placed in each room telling you exactly what you paid for. Among the things you *don't* get are the ability to call the front desk or any hotel services from your phone; the option of leaving your bags at the front desk should you arrive before check-in time; toiletries (save for a tiny piece of soap); adequate room ventilation; bath mats or anything to soak up water. What I did get was one towel, reeking of vinegar; a dark blue carpet peppered with Ketchup stains (or what looked like it); a TV with faulty basic reception; brown water when I tried to use the bath/shower; and an old shower curtain with snot smeared all over it.This hotel chain might be fine for the budget traveler looking to spend as little time as possible in the room. To be fair, the room was quite large and well designed. However, this experience has marred my perception of Travelodge for posterity. I will only return if I have no choice.	
Jul 15 2006	ok for london	This hotel was cheap because we booked in advance. At the cheap price it represented value for money. The hotel was just about walking distance from Kings Cross Rail station. The room was clean but old. The &quot;double&quot; bed was two single beds bolted together which wasn't ideal. There was a TV but no fridge. The bathroom was small but clean. We had a room close to the lift, which wasn't as bad as it sounds. We were only woken by noisy people one morning - we found that putting the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door helped.The lift system was hopeless. We waited a full 5 minutes for the lift to get to the 4th floor. We used the resturant and found it acceptable, if expensive. We were able to borrow and iron and ironing board from reception.Do not pay full price for this place or you will be disappointed.	
May 30 2006	Most awful hotel ever stayed in	This is possibly the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. This may be budget but they should actually pay you to stay there. Checked in and had to pay before my stay which I always consider to be a bad sign. Floor in room wasn't vacummed and had stuff all over it. No remote control for the telly. One bar of soap in the cramped bathroom which wasn't that clean. Got in the shower and it was freezing cold and stayed that way. Beds were so soft that I still have backache 2 days later. Staff were indifferent to any comments. DO NOT STAY HERE EVEN IF YOU ARE DESPERATE.	
May 6 2006	Awful! Bed Made Us Itch	Even for 26quid, this was AWFUL. I would rather spend the extra money and stay in a nicer place.Main issues:1. We couldn't stop itching as soon as we got into the bed and slept with our clothes on.2. There was a HORRID nasty musty smell outside the lift on our floor.3. Bathroom was dingy and felt unclean.4. Location is not great and not exactly the prettiest part of London.5. One good thing is that you want to spend more time OUT of the hotel, so you see more of London. Was so depressing going back to the room though.Service:When we got there I asked if we could check in. There were 3 staff members at the desk. One rudely said &quot;Please wait.&quot; He then continued to have a discussion with the 2 workers. We waited for over a minute in disbelief, and I finally interupted them and said &quot;Sorry to trouble you, but do you mind if we check in?&quot; One reluctantly took our details.We stayed at Docklands Travelodge before for 26quid, and that was so much cleaner. A bit far out of the way though.After this experience I will never stay in a budget place again. NEVER AGAIN.	
Jan 30 2006	Just remember it's £26...	The bottom line is that £26 in London for anything is pretty amazing.You get what you pay for. It's clean, it functions and it's near transport.Downsides? It's depressing, our room was small (but note that the 'candid pictures' show something bigger) and the room just has that unmistakable air of an inside cabin on a boat.Would I stay here again? If I needed somewhere to sleep in London and I didn't care really where, then sure.One thing, think the staff do their best with what must ultimately be a thankless job.	
Jan 6 2006 	Nice for Supersaver Deal!	BOOKING: Stayed 5 nights (23-27 Dec. 2005) via online booking for 10-pound a night (what Travelodge calls &quot;Supersaver&quot; room deal). So I'm giving 4 Stars based on this deal. Otherwise, I would give 3 Stars if it were on a normal/rack rate deal.GENERAL: Formerly The Ryan Hotel. Nondescript red-brick exterior. Workmanlike interior. My room &amp; bathroom were clean enough, and general fixtures/decor reminescent of a 1970s hotel: wood panelling &amp; heavy-set drawers. Room phone don't work (and you won't want to use anyway because of high charges, so no problem). Slow-ish lifts (keep pressing the buttons to get it moving). Staff fairly polite and fairly helpful, though no-one was disagreeable.LOCATION: King's Cross is a lower-middle-class area, not overtly rough, about &quot;70% safe&quot;, if you know what I mean.PROS: Excellent if booked online for GBP10 a night - close to transport in King's Cross - late night groceries nearby - fairly &quot;determined&quot; walking distance from Central London if stuck transportless on X'mas Day (like me!).CONS: Oldish hotel (but not a shambles) - hottish room on warmer nights - not entirely convenient for disabled people (I imagine) - no post-checkout luggage storage - smoking rooms can smell a little bit - perhaps other better hotels if on normal/rack rates.TIP: Safest way to get there is to come out of King's Cross/St. Pancras Station, walk down Gray's Inn Road (past the pseudo-Gothic Travelodge King's Cross, the Eye Ear Nose Throat Hospital, and a pub), turn 2nd left into Swinton Street (where you see the Travelodge Islington at the bottom), then turn right onto King's Cross Road, walk down past a police station and a disused petrol station) for 5 minutes and the hotel is on your left-hand side. A stone's throw away is a Holiday Inn hotel.TIP: Skip the GBP6.50 breakfast (eat nearby or somewhere else). Why eat at a hotel anyway?TIP: Skip the bar; go for the two nearby pubs. Bar closes around midnight.TIP: Bring own towels, although theirs was obviously clean.CONCLUSION: Will stay again if available on same price deal, but might choose Travelodge Islington up the same road otherwise.ABOUT ME: I'm a business traveller from Hong Kong, 46yo, very familiar with London, suitcaser (not backpacker), not a &quot;sensitive&quot; traveller. So use this review based on this. Thanks.	
Nov 5 2005	great for the price	I stayed at this hotel with my partner and son on a Sunday night during half term. We were lucky enough to get the £26 room. We arrived at 12 noon, earlier than the advertised check in time, but a room was ready for us and the check in procedure was straightforward. The hotel was a 10 minute walk from Kings Cross station, but also close to Holburn tube, where we found some good shops and cafes (although most of these are closed on a Sunday).The room was fine, it had a double and single bed, was clean and the bathroom was spacious and the shower powerful. The tv had 5 chanels and there was not too much noise from the road, although we did keep the window closed.We had a drink in the hotel bar in the evening, they had an offer on where you bought 2 glasses of wine and got the rest of the bottle free, which was good.Check out was quick and all the staff we encountered were polite and friendly. We went to a local cafe for breakfast, which was better value than the £6.50 that the hotel charged. My only complaint was that there was no left luggage area, apparently due to a security risk, which sounds slightly ridiculous. However, in view of the price we paid it is a small complaint. We would stay at the hotel again.	
Nov 1 2005	OK for the price - avoid breakfast!	We stayed for 3 nights - 2 of them at the special £26 offer rate. On check-in, the main travelodge computers were broken and staff seemed at a loss as to what to do. No apologies etc were offered and we only got checked in after some major perseverence at the reception desk. The poor staff were mostly eastern european and seemed to work 24 hour shifts some days! The room itself was ok. Bit tired looking and could do with updating, but clean (apart from mould in bathroom) and ok size. We were on the road and had to close the window at night to block out the traffic noise - ok in october but would be awful in summer as there is no air conditioning in the rooms. Breakfast was awful - cold, poorly stocked and understaffed. Poor choice of food and not worth the £6.50 charge for each of us. Avoid at all costs!The location was ok but quite a hike to Kings Cross with bags etc. Not a great area at night and we didn't feel we could go to local pubs etc safely so stayed in the hotel. Food in bar cafe was ok and good sized portions for the price. Drinks reasonably cheap for london (£5 for pint of bitter and pint of lager). Housekeeping was poor - we had to ask every day for extra toilet rolls and the loos that served the bar area had no toilet paper in either the ladies or gents for 3 nights running!All in all it was fine for the price. If we went again, we would probably stay at the nearby Travelodge Islington instead though as this looked much nicer and was closer to the Tube.	
Oct 3 2005	Great Value	Stayed for three night at £26 per night. Great value, as only 7 minutes walk from Kings Cross Tube &amp; Rail Station. Rooms were standard travelodge, dated, but kept clean. Staff were very helpful and there is a bar in the hotel. Tips: (1) Skip breakfast at hotel for £6 and go to one of the Cafes on your way to the tube station where you'll get breakfast for £3. (2) Avoid lower floors to rear of hotel - they are near to the skips and trades entrance to hotel.Would happily pay up to £35 per night for this hotel, but try to get the Islington Travellodge up the road, it is closer to the tube statin and seems to be more modern.	
Sep 26 2005	nice surprise	For the price we paid, me and my husband, we really didn´t expect much. We got a great deal on Londontown for London Ryan (I see there has been a namechange recently - and maybe a change of management as well). We spent a couple of nights in good sized twins. A little mold in the bathroom ceiling was the only negative. A full english breakfast was included in the price and we ate a lot, it was really nice! The staff was friendly and courteous. We changed rooms after the first night because of banging pipes, but after that we had a couple of good nights sleep. Very comfortable beds! Our friends stayed on another floor and had a similar twin, but in even better shape so apparently there is ongoing repairs and sproucing up (sorry about my shortcomings in spelling-knowledge). The hotel may seem to be a bit off, but the communications is superb once you get the hang of the bus-lines. I do not agree that the surroundings is boring. Yes, Kings Cross road is boring, but away from the city, behind the hotel, we found charming little streets with nice shops. Very nice area! As we always try to stay as close to British Museum as possible, we have not visited this hotel again, but if Londontown gives us the same great offer (about £180 inclusive of english breakfast for 3 nights) we will certainly give it some serious thought!	
Jul 18 2005	What do you expect?	As with all these chains of budget hotels - Jurys, Holiday Inn, IBIS, Travelodge, you get what you pay for and you know exactly what the hotel will be like before you even set foot in the place.They are in their nature hotel chains so that every Traveldoge for instance is built on the same style and standard as the previous one.The facts as I saw it, with regards to this hotel is:1. Room is comfy with great bed, tv (5 channels), good shower and all standard room facilities. One missing is air con, and in London which can get quite stuffy in the Summer, this may be an issue2. Hotel is approx 10-15min walk from Kings Cross Tube station and as in other reviews you do pass 2 other Travelodges en route.3. Breakfast is well worth it and is something to definitely take advantage of.4. Staff wouldnt be overly friendly and wouldnt go out of their way to help.5. Bar downstairs in the lobby is fine but nothing special6. Dont use the lift as it is incredibly slow. Best bet is to take the stairs and get to your room quicker with a little work out!All in all, travelodges are rooms and hotels that you should know what to expect from, therein taking the surprise away from booking the room.This room and hotel would be summed up from me, by saying that, it was what I expected which corresponded with not overly high expectations. The hotel and room were fine! Just dont be expecting the 5 Star Hilton!	
Jul 7 2005 	Appears promises are broken	We stayed there in September 2004 and frankly found the hotel awful. Dirty, mould growing in the bathroom, many things broken, and the smallest double bed ever seen - not even 4 feet wide! We arrived late and were told they didn't have another room when we complained, and the Receptionist checked with the skeleton night staff at Travelodge HQ (where the rooms are allocated). As the Holiday Inn across the road also could not take us - we were forced to endure a noisy night alternatively trying the bed or the chair. When we presented the central Travelodge management (hotel staff aren't authorised to refund themselves or even change rooms) with the photographs we took of the room they gave us our money back and gave us a compliementary stay at another hotel. They also said the hotel was closing the next week for refurbishment. It therefore seems sad that this year's visitors seem to be reporting much the same problems - so only parts must have been refurbished or none at all!A few other points:The number of Travelodges on Kings Cross Road is confusing- this one is the furthest from the Underground stations being half way between Farringdon and Kings Cross but the trains run at the back of the hotel. The bus stop is convenient - it was right outside our window we could shake hands with the passengers on the top deck of the bus. The road is a main truck route to the London Markets and the main Mail sorting and delivery office is nearly opposite meaning there is heavy traffic on the road all night.The hotel has changed hands frequently - there were four different, mainly defunct, hotel brand names on items in the room.If you wish a budget lodge standard room in London - it appears that Premier Travel Inns provide a more consistent standard and also a satisfaction guarantee! Managers are also able to sort out matters themselves - well they actually have managers.	
Jul 7 2005	Not Bad Not Great - Don't stay there when it is hot!	A group of five of us stayed at this hotel 18-21 June. Here is what we found:Room:Clean and modern. We had a double room and a triple room which had a double bed and a single bed which was big enough.One big problem - There is no aircon and the window only opens about 5 inches at the top. In the middle of summer (and a heat wave like we experienced) you cannot breath in the room. In fact at night, it was cooler outside than inside. Some guests in other rooms were actually unscrewing the windows to get some air in the room. The hotel refused to unlock the security looks on the window to allow the windows to open more.Service:Service isn't great. They just don't seem to know what they are doing. We checked in at 1pm and waited until 2pm for our rooms to be ready. They then gave us a double for the triple room booked (how do you fit 3 people into a double bed?). They fixed the room problem relatively quick though. Everyday we only received two towels in the triple room which was a hastle.Location:The hotel is about 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross station and 15 minutes from Russell Sq &amp; Farringdon station. You do feel like you are in a residential area, although the road is quiet busy, but nothing too bad. You actually pass two Travelodges (Kings Cross &amp; Islington) to get to this hotel from Kings Cross so it might be best to stay at one of the other two so that you are closer to transport.Overall:It wasn't too bad, and the price is good so if you are on a budget and get a special rate like we did then it is a decent place to stay. My only advice would be - don't stay there in the middle of summer!	
Jun 17 2005	good at hotel good price	Just came back from a week long trip to London. Stayed at travelodge farringdon. The hotel is nice but small and clean. You can hear almost everything from the street, cars/people. But your in the city that's what your going to get .I'm from NYC so i'm use to it. Bring a wash cloth, they only have hand towels for you to wash with. Some of the staff was very nice, stayed at other high price and stars hotels and got nothing but nasty staff. Check in was at 3pm but arrived at 11am, no problem getting a room. very close to the tub. Our room key stop working the night before check out but staff was kind and admitted there mistake. The food at the bar/café was OK and at a good price. you only get five channel on the TV. But guess what Your in London! I would most likely stay at this hotel again.	
May 3 2005	excellent value - ideal location	booked 2 rooms a while ago. 2 in one room and 3 in another room. £45 per night for the 29th and 30th april. £50 for the 1st may. shared out between the group is was £22.50 and £17 per night each which is superb value.both rooms were very clean. toilet/bath/shower/sink basin all very clean. plenty of hot water at all times. soap was provided and replaced each day.the beds were very comfortable. coffee/tea facilities in the room were excellent and when asked for some extra tea sachets, we had no problem and actually given more than expected along with milk.tv was fine, all 5 channels worked with good reception. rooms were located on 1st floor and 5th floor and the lift was fine, may be a little on the slow side but that is just been picky really.staff were helpful at the desk and check in on the 29th took 5 mins which is excellent service.cleaning staff cleaned the rooms every day and made the beds etc to a very impressive standard.about 5-10 mins walk from kings cross underground, this travelodge was superb value.all round very good value at a very good price and i would recommend anyone to use the farringdon travelodge.thanks	
Apr 17 2005 	Poor All Round	Stayed one night on 12 April 2005 because it was near to area I had to be at for business next day and it was a 'last minute' booking so didn't have time to search out all options.The Farringdon Travelodge is a very brisk 10 minute walk from King's Cross station (passing two other Travelodges in the process - could be confusing for visitors). Not particularly convenient for visitors although it is located directly opposite a new-ish Holiday Inn and taxis availble from there.Check-in at 6pm was relatively quick and easy - given small 5th floor room at very end of corridor. Room was located on main road side and even with window closed it was very noisy. As a result, managed very little sleep during night.Decor slightly faded and furniture had seen much better days - wardrobe space small and had no door. One drawer also screwed shut and unusuable. However room appeared quite clean.TV had no alarm function and only 5 terrestrial channels available (no satellite or pay TV).Bathroom was also quite clean although exceptionally small (and a bit of a squeeze to get door closed). Extractor fan quite noisy. No toiletries provided (except for small soap bar).Only one lift working and it was very slow.Restaurant/bar area stark and functional and lacks any sort of atmosphere.The hotel looks like it is going through some sort of refurbishment or upgrade programme at present so the current internet rate of £50 per night plus £6 for hot breakfast may well be reflective of the state the accomodation is in.Would prefer to stay elsewhere next time I'm in London on business.	
Apr 10 2005	What you see is what you get	Location combined with price...pretty good. Others said it was noisy. We faced the main road and didn't find noise a problem. Breakfast was extra but well stocked with bacon, suasage, eggs, toast etc. Most of the residents were in their 20's- 30's from Europe. Front desk folks friendly. 4th and 5th floors currently being renovated. We'll stay there again. Check and compare internet and direct to get a good price	
Mar 9 2005	Travelodge Farringdon blues	Friendly, accomodating and courteous staff was found at the nearby TRAVELODGE ISLINGTON HOTEL....not at the TRAVELODGE FARRINGDON. No phones, dreary ambiance in the living-lobby/bar areas. One certainly gets what he pays for. It would have certainly been worth the extra pounds for the TRAVELODGE ISLINGTON (further down the street) which is where we prefered to spend most of our liesure/down time. We learned from our mistake.	
Feb 19 2005	four nights at the Travelodge	We arrived at 8 a.m. and when we checked in at the front desk we were told they do not store your luggage. So we waited around two hours until a room was available, before we could go sightseeing. The room was larger than we expected, but due to traffic noise throughout the night we got very little sleep the whole time we were there. The free breakfast was fine, and the staff at the front desk was pleasant.	
Feb 14 2005	2 thumbs down- Stay somewhere else	NOISY, NOISY, NOISY. Don't stay here if you want a good nite's sleep. This hotel is located on a very busy street - lots of buses, trucks and cars at all hours of the day and night. Also, lots of noise from the hallway. The doors slam hard when they close. Our room was stuffy so we had to open the window to ventilate the room. Short on towels. Elevators are so SLOW you will miss your appointments waiting to get down to the lobby. Only one elevator was working so it was shared with guests and workers. Front desk staff was not friendly or helpful. I inquired about receiving some theatre tickets and they didn't know where to look for the mail and didn't seem to have a central location for guest information. The front desk refused to take postcards for mailing. The coffee machine was broken one morning for breakfast. There is no hairdryer or phone in the rooms even though the website states that there is phone and hairdryer. The location is not great for sightseeing. Stay somewhere else.	
Feb 11 2005	Not bad	I just got back from London, and my friend and I stayed for four nights in the Travelodge Farringdon. The room was nothing fancy, but it was clean and comfortable. I'd recommend doing what I did, which is bring your own blanket and sleep on top of the provided comforter because the mattresses are not really that comfortable... but I was fine sleeping on top of the comforter. It can be a bit noisy at night, so if you're a light sleeper I'd suggest earplugs. The bathroom wasn't huge, but it was big enough. The TV only gets 4 channels... but are you really in London to watch TV?   Don't try to check in early, because they won't let you. They also have no place to store your luggage until your room is ready. We did have a little trouble checking in, but that was our travel agent's fault. Our reservation was supposed to have been switched from another hotel, but the travel agency neglected to actually make the switch, so the Travelodge did not have record of a reservation for us. However, the staff on duty were very helpful in allowing us to use the phone to contact the travel agency.   The hotel is a little far from any underground stations, but it's only a 10-15 minute walk. Overall, we had a nice stay and I definitely think the hotel was fine for what we paid. 	
Feb 8 2005	Noisy!	Stayed here at the weekend and had a couple of fairly bad nights' sleep! We heard noise from other rooms (walls are very thin!) and other guests coming and going. I appreciate that the hotel can't control the behaviour af all guests but the doors seem to be designed to slam at maximum volume as soon as you let them go, so the most considerate person can't help but make a noise! Was also only supplied with 2 towels, despite it being a family room that sleeps 3 adults. This always happens in Travelodges and is very annoying. In general I like Travelodges; they are cheap and convenient. But I'll be giving this one a miss in the future! 	
Jan 27 2005	OK Hotel Poor location	I stayed here for 3 nights, and the rooms were quite new and modern, but make sure you ask for a double room, because orginally I was allocated a single room, and walked into to find a shoe box room, with hardly any room to swing a bat! The double room was quite roomy, but the bathrooms are still quite small compared to some travelodges I've stayed in before. The room was nice and clean though, but the traffic and noise outside is quite loud at times, so not to good if your a light sleeper. Also you can feel the trains go past as well. The travelodge is location in between Farrington Station and Kings Cross, so it was a bit out of the way for me. Especially if you need to commute to the centre of london everyday. Not a bad place to stay, and probably be even better when the refurbishment is complete.	
Jan 16 2005	no heating (dec) - no tea/coffee facilities - brown water from shower/taps etc....	Not a good experience. Hotel just opened after refurb - heating broken -unable to have bath/shower due to water being brown! - no tea/coffee facilities - television unviewable - no info available as to breakfast arrangements - told if wanted english would need to go to Travelodge Islington - staff tried to be as helpful as they could (gave extra duvets to keep warm) but difficult to communicate. We only paid £25 for a double room and lived to tell the tale but if we had taken our 7 year old with us it would not have been so good. It is a shame Travelodge do not seem to have got their act together as these problems should have been relatively easy to overcome and it would then have been a good base to visit london.	
Sep 12 2004	Value for money	Great value for money. tube station short 10 minute (if that) walk away. clean rooms with daily maid service. lifts brand new !! friendly staff. A pleasant 2 nights stay. After reading some of the reviews on here I was wondering whether or not these people stayed at the same place. As for the comment about the tube station being 20 mins walk away I can only think they walked to the wong tube station - next time they should ask the friendly staff directions.	
Aug 30 2004	very very bad	No air conditioning, The only air conditioning depending on the wether.dirty, untidy, bad service (when any); a complete conlection of noises in and outdoor.No minibar. The adverts cointain false information.Please don't go.	
Jun 16 2004	Great for the price	I must admit the only reason for choosing the London Ryan was the rate especially the internet rate for a single.The room was well cleaned and more than adeqate for a short break. On reading some of the comments on here I realy feel I must respond. I have stayed at 5 star establishments with frosty staff. I have also stayed at £15 a night B and Bs with cramped rooms and horrible bedding.The London Ryan is in my opinion a middle of the road 3 star hotel offering accomodation in central London at a bargain price, cheaper in my case than the Regent Palace without bathroom for a room that was pleasent, again something that the Regent Palace is not. 	
Jun 7 2004	you get what you apy for	The hotel is ok. It is a bit out of the way. A good 40 mins from the center of London and the tube is a 20 min walk. The staff are young and inexperienced. .....don't ask them for advice. It is clean but a bit run down but considering the price it is fine, Breakfast was ok. 	
May 5 2004	great location no problems	After reading the above reviews, I was expecting the hotel to be less than average. However, I spent 4 nights there and had no problems. The room was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful. As far as the location, the bus, metro and train stations were within a 10 minute walk. The bus stop was practically outside the front door. The neighborhood was NOT bad at all. There were plenty of good restaurants within walking distance. I expected to have alot of traffic noise, and there was not. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 19 2004	London Ryan affordable		
Feb 26 2004	Hated it!		
Jan 23 2004	Ryan is Vile		
Jan 7 2004	Best area in London		
Dec 26 2003	It's okay...		
Nov 3 2003	Not that great		
Oct 25 2003	Je ne comprends pas!		
Oct 20 2003	Not the best nights stay		
Jul 6 2003	Hot and lousy		
Feb 18 2003	Good rates available but.......		
Nov 25 2009 	buono..cn qlk difetto...ma superabili		
Oct 27 2009 	Un peu vieillot		
Sep 23 2009 	Incantevole Londra		
Aug 5 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jun 3 2009 	Die Hütte bräuchte mal dringend eine Renovierung....		
Apr 6 2009 	De lo peor que he visto		
Aug 16 2008 	Für London genau das Richtige!!		
Aug 12 2008 	Correct		
Aug 12 2007 	Hôtel correct mais plutôt bruyant		
Sep 29 2006 	Um diesen Preis in London.......		
