Oct 15 2009 	Average for London but beds are ridiculous small	First of all it is London we are talking about and everything is super expensive there. Whatever you consider a bargain it will come up with a big price tag.Keeping this in mind the Hyde Park Towers are ok. The location is very good 2 min walk from Baywaters station and entrance to Kensington Park. It is a considerably clean hotel and the part of the hotel the room was located was quiet. The remarks about sub-terrain located rooms are true and defenitely avoid those rooms. The breakfast is really good unfortunately the breakfast room tends to be overcrowded. The biggest downside of the hotel is the bed. Never seen a hotel with a double bed that actually qualifies only as single. On our complain the reception told us all beds in the hotel are of the same size. The rooms are small as well but suficient if you only want to rest, but you will not spend there more than 10 minutes awake and make sure you are not claustrophobic!After all I would only recommend the hotel for tight budgets. Everyone able to spend an extra 50 pounds per night go to one of the branded hotel chains.	
Oct 11 2009 	just above no frills	great location, close to tube. rooms small, but your only there to sleep so who cares. Bed was excellent with down duvet and pillows, which is top marks for me cause a good sleep is number one in inportance. A little noisy on steet side rooms, but it settles down when its time to sleep. Morning meals were great, however end at 8.30 am which as a little early for worn out tourists. Staff were freindly. Hotel is getting a little tired, and its close to needing a makeover, but still its O.K. for price and location	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Great Value	The location is yards away from the Bayswater Tube station and a short walk from Kensington and Notting Hill. Easy access to restaurants, shopping, and transportation. The hotel appear to be a restoration of several older buildings that now connect. My room, 115, small but very comfortable bed. No iron or ironing board. Full bathtub/shower. TV with 5 or 6 channels. Free internet was great!!!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Centrally located but small room loud subway noise	We stayed here for one night during Wimbeldon. There was not much available. The room was small and the carpets were really worn. There was no air confitioning and the bathroom was a closet. The only plus was the the price was reasonable and the hotel was close to central london on the tube train. The hotel rumbles from the tube each time it goes by. The neighborhood is good and there are lots of restaurants and an internet cafe down the street.	
Sep 17 2009 	Basic but adequate	Most of the reviews below are pretty accurate:- Location is great (3-minute walk from Bayswater tube)- Rooms are quite small, but that's London if you want &quot;cheap&quot;- Staff is very helpful (if sometimes ill-informed)- Two nearby tube stations, Queensway high street, Whitely's shopping mall and Hyde Park are easily walkable. The Paddington tube / rail is also only one stop away.- In-hotel bar--open til 12:30 am--is a &quot;nice to have&quot; in this area where there is little open after 11:00pm. Good free nibbles from the restaurant, and a TV that is significantly larger than what will be in your room (12 inch in mine--no joke).- Umbrella'd picnic tables and restaurant patio out front are nice in good weather.- Free morning newspapers (various)- Day-time concierge / trip-planner seemed knowledgeable- Can leave luggage for early arrivals or late departure timesLook out for:- Room choice is key. Mine (117) was clearn, but small and musty-smelling. - The handle on the tub was broken, which I felt was kind of dangerous as you do have to climb in / out, up and down a step as the plumbing is a bit dated. Not much room to navigate within the obligatory shower curtain either.- Rugs throughout needed cleaning or replacement- Noise from other guests and housekeeping begins early. Traffic noise on the front of the buidling can go late.- No AC	
Sep 16 2009 	Hotel was fine	I stayed at this hotel for four nights with my husband and toddler. We had a mixed experience. The first room we were in was on the 1st floor (or second floor by American terms) and would have been fine if we were just a couple. Unfortunately, it was too small with a portable crib and we barely had any room to move around. Nevermind that there were several steps leading down into the room which made it difficult to get a stroller in and out and we had to keep an eye on our toddler. The other downside to the room was that we were on the level with the floodlights that lit up the hotel's exterior at night. Despite closing the curtain, the light still seeped in. We complained to the hotel staff and to their credit, they did shut off the lights early the next night. Since this was the :&quot;balcony&quot; level, we, being paranoid New Yorkers, chose not to open the massive windows/doors at night so it was stuffy. After two nights in our too small room and tempers flaring, we asked to be moved. We were assigned to a room on the third floor and we had a much different experience. There were no steps and we actually had room to move around with the portable crib open. We also had a proper window and could keep it open to allow for air circulation. If we had this room for all four nights, it would have been a much better experience for us as a family. Overall, the hotel was fine. The carpets are worn and stained, you can see the edges of wallpaper peeling, etc. but we considered it all part of the price level that we were willing to pay for. Our rooms were clean. The hotel staff was helpful. We were able to use the wi-fi in both rooms. The breakfast was good. The location was fantastic. I would recommend this hotel but I think it really does depend on which room you get.	
Sep 15 2009 	Bayswater experience	Stayed at the Hyde Park Towers Hotel for a weekend away in London. Bayswater is a great location to stay in with the Tube Stations on the door step &amp; Hyde Park &amp; Kensington Gardens just a stones throw away, In February they are great to walk through when the weather is all crisp &amp; cold. The hotel is situated just off the Bayswater Road. The room was small comfortable &amp; clean but very reasonably priced you get what you pay for. When eating out be adventorous there are plenty of restaurants situated on the main high street but if you're going Chinese be prepared to wait the one we went in we had to wait quite a while &amp; to be honest we were disappointed with the seating arrangements as it was cram as many people in as possible it spoilt the meal.We will be doing Bayswater again very soon but will try a different hotel.	
Sep 7 2009	Convenient location - too small rooms	We received very pleasant help from the receptionists and the consergiere. Our room were ready when we arrived about 13 .00 hrs. Nice and quiet street. A little noise the first night due to carnival. Beds were nice and clean. Big, nice towels where changed every day! The room with twin beds were so small we could hardly get around. No place to put our suitcases. Bathroom very small too.The interior of the hotel, both room and corridors seemed worn and shabby. The exteriour nice!The hotel restaurant seemed to have no guests. We had our breakfast around the corner on Cafe Roma, very nice!Close to underground stations and near to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park.	
Aug 18 2009 	I'll never stay here again	Now that I'm visiting London again and looking at hotels, I wanted to share my experience with Hyde Park Towers. I arrived in London to take the GRE test (I was at the time an American studying in scotland) and checked in, delighted at the exterior of the building, which was gorgeous, and the staff was extremely nice. I get to my room, open the door and notice how small, outdated and dirty the place was...which was ok...and I even didn't care about the random hairs in the bathroom. BUT when it came time for bed, I pulled back the sheets and noticed a cluster of short, black hairs near the pillow. That was it for me, I called the front desk and the man was really nice and put me in a different room. It was in the basement, INCREDIBLY small, I inspected everything and although it was still dirty, no hairs. Great. So I go to sleep...only to be awakened at 4am by a group of guys standing right outside my window, drunk. And they continued for an hour or so. I had to skip my GRE test b/c I didn't get any sleep and I didn't want grad schools to see a bad score...try to explain that one! So finally the next morning I asked for a different room, and they put me on the 3rd floor. Other than that, everything was fine. But the hassle of it all, and the knowledge that they never even changed the sheets in the first room made me want to NEVER stay here again. I would not recommend this place, and I would avoid it! The only good things were the location and the staff.	
Aug 10 2009 	Terrible hotel in a brilliant location!	Firstly, I must state that after complaining about my problems, Marcell on reception was excellent. There were no other rooms available for us to swap to so she refunded me £30 and gave myself, my partner and son free full English Breakfasts. However - the basement family room was shocking. Very dirty carpet, a hole in the duvet, bed not made properly, dirty bathroom with mouldy ceiling and shower curtain, no hot water, peeling wallpaper and a very damp smell which was still on our clothes when we got back. We were also told that parking was around the corner at £20 for 24 hours. This isnt true - its a standard car park round the corner that charges by the hour. We Paid £30 for 20 hours. Unimpressed Despite this, its location is great - 5 mins walk from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and on a lovely quiet street!	
Jul 28 2009 	Im so disapointed!	Choose and booked this hotel in April and asked for a nice room! When me and my husband get there they say all they got left is one room in the basement. And they made us pay 50 pounds deposit although we prepaid for the room &quot;In case something happends&quot;! The wiew (or so called) from the window was a brick wall and the room was so small we couldnt open our suitcases. Moldy shower, no hotwater and a dirty old rug! We complained and got the answer that guests that check in early get the best rooms. We were offererd 2 change in the morning IF we did that before 9.30. And we would not get a new room before the afternoon. So dont stay here, we sure wont again!	
Jul 28 2009 	Extremely exhausted hotel	The room was so tiny with very old and smelly furniture. Although the hotel located at a quiet street, walls at hotel are exremely thin. You should expect to hear walking and knocking starting from 6 am. Staff at hotel charged me for dialing free local number. The breakfast was not bad though.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good parts and bad parts about the hotel	Bad parts-I stayed in a single room and it is extremely tiny. I mean &quot;extremely&quot;. I didn't mind that too much but you certainly don't want to &quot;relax&quot; in your room. Well, you can't. If your room is merely a place for you to shower and sleep, then it will be OK.The internet connection (wireless) cannot be received in most rooms although this information is written as &quot;complimentary internet connection in all rooms&quot; in most travel websites. The only place where you can catch the connection is in the bar next to the lobby.Good partsStaff is friendly and polite.No other hotels have better locations!	
Jul 8 2009 	Value location great; but the room the bed sacre bleu!!!!	My wife &amp; I stayed here 29 &amp; 30 April 2009, in room 209. Hey, it's only 2 nights and the photo outside looks nice we thought.So we booked early at a special price, requested an upper floor (to avoid the noises from below per other reviews), and all that was delivered on arrival, even entry a couple of hours before check in time. So far so good. Only a block away from a very cosmopolitan Bayswater as well, plus 2 tube stations and Hyde Park very close. A the breakfast was OK too.The room was so small we couldn,t have two cases on the floor.The bed was totally worn out, when you felt the top surface of the mattress you become intimate with every spring top in the beast. Sleeping on that lot reminded me of a kafir style bed of nails evry time I woke up in pain in the night?And then something bit or scratched my wife on the leg overnight, requiring expensive antibacterial and antiinflammatory treatment a couple of days later.The experience was topped off by a &quot;Fawlty Towers&quot; moment on our last morning. My wife fielded a pounding on the door by an agitated man in a suit, while I was in the shower, a flooding directly below she was told. He wanted to check I had the shower curtain tucked inside the tray (I promise I always do!), so he was given short shrift.Stay again there, no!!!. Rated the worst stay of our 42 night travels. Maybe &quot;2 star&quot; and cheap (by London standards) should have sent us a message loud and clear.	
Jun 24 2009 	Worn down but clean good value for the money	We booked early and got a 30 % discount, breakfast included. Good value for the money. Carpets and paintwork shabby. Rooms small but ¨we didnt spend much time in the rooms being tourists! More important, rooms and above all bathrooms were CLEAN and staff came in every day. Beds comfortable with great duvets and pillows. You could hear everything in the corridor and other rooms but we were lucky and had a quiet stay. Ask for rooms on second floor and above because of the tube. Staff friendly and helpful (it helps if YOU have a positive attitude!). Happy hour in the afternoon and a very nice outdorr area to sit in. Breakfast quite alright with fresh fruit, breadrolls, ham, cheezes, musli, croissants, eggs. The night time hotel reataurant is not that good.The surroundings great with 2 tubes nearby, 2 large parks, lots of restaurants ( many with low budget prices), pubs, shops and a great mix of people. Felt like a safe area too.	
Jun 11 2009 	good location comfortable bed smallest room we've ever stayed in	The location of this hotel is fantastic -- it's steps from two Tube stations, representing three different subway lines. It's near Hyde Park and Kennsington Gardens, and there are restaurants nearby. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the front desk allowed us to run into an empty room for a few minutes to freshen up when we arrived at 7 a.m. (our room wasn't yet available). The room we ran into was a single and quite small, basically a bed and a bathroom. We were optimistic our double room would be more spacious. It was -- by maybe a few feet. It was tiny and cramped. The lights were weird about turning on. No toiletries in the bathroom, other than some soap dispenser thing in the shower that was soap and shampoo in one. The TV was about 9 inches and had few channels. While the bed was comfortable, we were not given a top sheet until we asked for one. And two nights during our five-night stay, the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night. When we called the front desk after the second alarm, the man who answered said he was just the night porter and couldn't do anything. Turned out that the alarms were going off because someone was smoking in a room. After complaining to a manager, we were offered a complimentary breakfast but the breakfast wasn't much. One morning we asked them to call Harrod's for us to make reservations for tea and they didn't have the phone number and couldn't find it online (we didn't think this an unusual request).Bottom line: good location, tiny room, some weird happenings.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great value for money Can't beat the location!!	Stayed in this hotel for one night with my friend for an overnight shopping trip. I had my worries about this hotel after reading previous reviews but I was surprised at how clean the rooms were. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in but our luggage was stored for us. We didn't arrive back to the hotel until later that evening and we found out that we had been upgraded from a twin to a triple room. The triple rooms are located on the third floor and I was happy as I was worried about hearing the tube, as stated in other reviews. The tube could still be heard but not to a level that would be disturbing. The room itself was very small and the bathroom was tiny. But for the amount of time we actually spent in the room, it didn't bother us. The hotel is located literally around the corner from Bayswater tube and about 5mins walk from Queensway. All in all, I would recommend this hotel for a short stay. The value for what you got is brilliant!	
Jun 5 2009 	Deceptive practice by Hotel Mangement	When we arrived at this hotel(hotel A), the Front desk staff told us that there were some maintenance problem, so they booked us to another hotel about 10 minutes driving distance. We asked if there was underground station nearby that hotel. The answer was no. We asked this &quot;hotel A&quot; to place us to some hotel nearby. They sent us to the hotel next door and claimed it was 4-star hotel, I forgot the name of this hotel (I reference it as hotel B). When we checked in this &quot;hotel B&quot;, found the room size small - barely fit for 2 twin beds. The smallest bathroom with a bath tube, a wash basin and a standing area. The &quot;hotel B&quot; did not offer wireless internet as we booked with the original &quot;hotel A&quot; and no breakfast facility. The room window had a brocken latch, it could not be closed. There was another critical problem, our friends supposed to arrive in London next morning and we arranged to have them called us at &quot;hotel A&quot; after they landed at Heathrow Airport. It would be very hard for them to contact us if we switched to another hotel. So we confirmed with the front desk at &quot;hotel A&quot; and asked them to log in their front desk book to notify our friends when they called to let them know that we moved to &quot;hotel B&quot;. Next morning when my friends called &quot;hotel A&quot;, the front desk clerk told them that we did not stay there, she did not bother to read the notes in their book and refused to give my friends the telephone number of another hotel with very similar name. We were very upset for these things to happen and expressed our dissatisfaction to the hotel manager at &quot;hotel A&quot;. He appologized for their mistakes. While we were at &quot;hotel A&quot;, we saw many tourists in and out the lobby, there were many guests in the breatfast room too. We wondered the truth about the so-called &quot;maintenance problem&quot; which they had never specified. We had prepaid our hotel charge with Low Price Guaranteed in January 2009. Did they overbook and used this method to get rid of guests who paid less? Otherwise, how could they have problem to find one room for us when we arrived at noon on May 21? We saw quite few quests were checking out then. We strongly urge Orbitz to stop list this hotel in their website for this type of unfair treatment we had encountered. We have traveled extensively in US and abroad, this is the first time we ran into something like this. We also stayed at two other Hilton hotels in London during our trip. We paid less per night to Hilton hotels with much better accomodations and services.	
Jun 4 2009 	OK I suppose but very noisy and worn down. 2 star hotel. Good location.	After stating at this hotel for five nights with my wife and daughter (4), I would describe my feelings about this hotel as very mixed. We arrived in the afternoon and were quite surprised to be kept waiting for half an hour before being let into our room at the official check in at 1500, even though we'd arranged for an early check in when booking the room. We had pretty good expectations for the room, as the lobby looked modern and inviting, and had a plaque on the wall stating it was a runner up for the &quot;best hotel in britain award&quot; (or something likethat) a couple of years earlier. However, the room was at the end of a smelly, dark corridor on the ground floor. The room was small and cramped with three beds (was supposed to be a &quot;family room&quot;) and the looks overall was very shabby. My wife and myself both are NOT very picky when it comes to hotel rooms, but it took about 0.5 seconds to decide that THIS was NOT where we intended to stay for our 5 day vacation! That was before the subway went rumbling by half a meter under the room... every three minutes form 0500-2400 as it turned out... I went to the lobby, ready to raise h*** and contact our booking agency if necessary, but managed to remain friendly.... We could not change rooms the same day, but were told that the next we would get a &quot;superior&quot; room on an upper floor, as the hotel was full (plausible, as this was the sunday of the London Marathon!). The night in our room was the worst ever, and I tell you that spending the night with a fully awake, cranky and travel weary 4 year old, while the subway shakes the whole room all night is NOT the way you want to spend your holiday. The next day we were given a room on the third floor which was bigger and better, but very noisy. Apparantly London does not have any regulations regarding noise pollution, as the room faced a back yard where an assortment of fans, air conditioners etc. made a lot of noise - and the windows were single layer, of course. The bathroom was extremely small. Carpets had strange stains and was approx. 30 years old. The door to our room had a gap between it and the floor that was about 4 cm, so we heard everything in the hallway... But that's what earplugs are for, right??HOWEVER: It was clean, there were enough towels, beds were changed every day and the staff didn't complain when we informed them our daughter had an accident in her bed. The room was very cold, but when I asked, the reception had a radiator brought to our room. The breakfast was not at all bad, and the concierge was helpful with checking a couple of things for us and getting transportation. All in all we had a quite pleasant stay, but we probably won't come back.If you plan on staying at this hotel, make sure you get a room on the top floor, facing the street. Then, at least , you will have some quiet.PS: The hotel homepage does not lie. The beds really were new and quite OK; there were real down pillows and duvets. The breakfast was (barely) as described. But don't believe the pictures, as they only tell half the tale. I paid about GBP 55 per night for 3 people including breakfast, by the way, and the value for money was OK.	
May 21 2009 	Very good price for the package	Good hotel for it´s price range, very close to subway and free wireless internet in the rooms and hotel. I Recommend. Only problem was the breakfast staff, not the most friendly in the world.	
May 19 2009 	Absolutely fine	Read some terrible reviews before we stayed here, so before we arrived, we rang and requested upper floor rooms. They did initially give us 2 basement rooms, but without too much fuss they then offered us rooms on the 2nd and 3rd floors. We were prepared for the tiny bathrooms! Rooms clean, beds very comfortable plenty of hot water and for the amount we paid (£60 per night) thought it was very reasonable. Location excellent. Would definately stay here again if we could be guaranteed an upper room. Must be very noisy in basement (underground).Liked best: LocationLiked least: Small bathroom	
May 9 2009 	best location for great price!	myself and my friend stayed here in sepember 2008 when we went to london for shopping and to see the sites! even though we arrived at the hotel really early they kindly let us take a room..beware.. always get one upstairs, we got bottom floor room, stank of smoke,and the floor shook every few minutes with the tubes passing underneath!!! very basic breakfast but other than that no amenities at the hotel. very close to tubes (2) and ideal location except kind of dodgy at night!! got major discount off the price for booking online so was worth! nice place but could also be cleaner, needs a new coat of paint!	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic location average room for single traveller	I booked a single room for three nights. The room was very small and the bathroom was even smaller. The bed was comfortable and clean.The location was fantastic, Queensway was just around the corner with it's shops and restaurants.The staff was friendly and the breakfast was great, too.So if you're a single traveller like me, and want to spend a few nights quite comfortably in a great location and don't mind the small rooms and shabbyness, I would recommend this hotel for you.	
Mar 30 2009 	Average small hotel	This was my first hotel experience in the UK. After comparing it to others in Glasgow and Edinburgh this one came in at the bottom. As others have mentioned, it's close to the tube and the park. Starbucks and other cafes are close. The rooms were very small but clean. The bathroom was even smaller. Full tub and shower, but not much room to maneuver. The breakfast was decent. Cold cuts, cheese, European yogurt, and coffee/juice. Hot breakfast for more money. Staff were very nice, but I felt continually cramped. Only one lift and the stairs and hallways were very narrow. Would stay here again if I had to, but next time I'm going to pay a little more for some extra comfort.	
Mar 17 2009	Good location is about all I can say about this place.	This was one of the worst stays I've ever had at a hotel. I'll start off with the positives. It's a pretty good location as it's a block from Hyde park, and close to two tube locations. And they have a great happy hour. Now for the rest. This place does all they can to suck every dollar out of you, and gives you absolutely no quality service in return. The beds are god awful uncomfortable. You know the commercials for mattresses where every square inch contours to your body? Well, imagine that kind of bed, except its more like every square yard contours. You can't lay on your side period, and it's uncomfortable to lay on your back. The rooms are as small as you'd expect from a European hotel, so no surprises there. However the absolute worst part of the trip, and where I see no excuse for failure is that of the hotel staff. The front desk customer service is non-existent. I received a bill for 45 pounds for local phone calls. If you are going to charge for local calls fine, but you also need to let people know that. I made only local calls and was charged 45 pounds. This came after trying to extend my stay because my mother was hospitalized on the trip, and the manager, who was in the room behind the counter, was too busy to come speak to me. One of the staff at the desk had to run relay back and forth between me and her. And they basically weren't willing to do anything. They claimed they were overbooked, despite the night before being told that they had rooms. I'm used to american hotels where if a hotel is booked, they will call other hotels for you and help you find a new place. All the help I got from them was, &quot;there are more hotels on this block you can look at.&quot; Perhaps I'm whiny, but I expect hotels to make some effort to help, especially after telling them that a family member has been hospitalized for days and you're already at wits end. This place was god awful and would never go back there again.Oh yea, and how could I forget the incredibly overpriced, HORRIFIC food they offer in the restaurant. The dinner is edible, however avoid the awful breakfast. It's easily the worst &quot;buffet&quot; I've ever seen. I put buffet in quotes because they offer a wide selection of semi stale flavorless break, lunch meat, cheese, and bad yogurt.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good budget hotel great location	I stayed at this hotel in February 2009, with my parents for a theatre break. The hotel is an a good location just a few minutes away from Hyde park and near to bayswater underground. The hotel staff were friendly and willing to help if you needed anything. The rooms were clean and a good size for just a couple of nights, we had a triple room and the space was fine, we have stayed in smaller! One downfall was we were on the ground floor so there was some noise from the underground, I understand this is to be expected of a lot of ground floor rooms in london but we were not advised about this on arrival or by our booking agent. The continental breakfast is really nice with a good selection of cereals, pastries etc. The bar has a happy hour 4-7 everyday, they have a good selection of drinks although when I stayed the draught lager was coming out warm and very lively don't know if its like this all of the time or just bad while we were there. Overall this is a good budget hotel in a great location.	
Mar 6 2009 	Great value great location great service!	We stayed here on a mini-break to London. The price we paid was a bargain for London especially considering what we got for the money. The hotel is in a good location on the circle line and is no more than 200m from the tube, there are numerous restaurants and souvenir shops very close to the hotel and it is also a stone's throw away from Hyde Park. The rooms were not the biggest but a good size for London with comfy beds and everything you could really need for a short break. Breakfast was included in the price (although cooked breakfast was £3) but the buffet breakfast was more than you coud need! Cereals, fruit, eggs, pastries, bread, cooked meat &amp; cheeses, muffins. The staff were very friendly and more than willing to help. Free newspapers provided, you can buy tickets for days out from the hotel, we didn't use the bar/restaurant but they do have special offers and give us vouchers to spend in the bar.Would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 6 2009 	Great location	I meant to write about this hotel long ago but never find time to. I stayed in this hotel august 2008 and London was the last stop before I headed back to Hong Kong. Since I was only spending 3 nights in London and with the main aim to be shopping, I needed a hotel in a good and safe location and most important of all, would not cost me an arm or a leg. The Hyde Park Towers was just I was looking for. It is situated between the two tube station Queensway and Bayswater. It will only take you 3 - 5 mins to walk to either station. You can also find various bus stops around the corner which will bring you to all main areas and less than 15 mins to the famous Oxford Street where Topshop and Selfridges are. There are also numerous restaurants , fast food stores and small supermarkets around the hotel vicinity where you can easily grab a bite.The girl in the reception area ( sorry I forgot her name) was very helpful and she suggested that I should get an oyster card which saved me quite a lot (you pay 1 pound instead of 3 for buses) when I used it on buses and underground and I didnt need to have all those coins and queued up for tickets.The size of the room is very small ( I got a single room) and they have a small bathroom too. But as I am a petite person, that doesnt really bother me.The only thing that I didnt like about the hotel was the noise. The walls were thin and I could actually hear when people closed their doors and when they were walking in the corridor. It could bother you if you are a light sleeper. Apparently they had a very sensitive smoke alarm system and I was waken up twice by the fire alarm because some jerks smoked in their rooms. If you go to London mainly for sight seeing and shopping, then this is the hotel for you. I will definitely come back to this hotel for my next shopping trip.	
Feb 23 2009 	Much better than I was expectimg	We came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and were very pleasantly surprised by the size and standard of room we were allocated on the third floor. The location is brilliant.. Two tubes nearby and lots of places to eat. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast was very good with lots to choose from. We would stay here again and recommend it.	
Feb 8 2009 	Is a great London budget hotel	We'd read a couple of slightly negative reviews about this hotel so were expecting the low-end of budget. So SO pleasantly surprised. Our flight had been delayed by snow at Gatwick (Feb 4) so we arrived later than expected. Reception was friendly and welcoming and the foyer promised much more than budget. Our room was 109: spotlessly clean, huge bed (actually 2 twins pushed together) the bathroom was tiny but fine and spotless, t.v. on the wall - of the bedroom, not the bathroom. (If the bed had been a standard double there would have been room for a couple of chairs but obviously the room could've been doubled as a twin.The bed linen/towels were changed daily even though we had done the green thing and said we were OK with the same linen. The four pillows were down (!) and luxurious. We were here for 4 nights and it was great - for a long stay not so sure, but this is simply due to the fact that they utilise the space in each bedroom to the maximum so it was a wee bit cramped. Having said this, the hotel is within 50 metres of Queensway and probably 200 metres of Westbourne Grove and the choice of restaurants, bars, pubs and cinemas is superb so you don't really need to stay inside for long. Also the bar does a happy hour from 4 to 7, is comfortable, free newspapers and the restaurant has an Italian buffet which looked good, tho' we didn't try it out preferring Indian and Chinese cuisine.Downside? Well some reviews said they could hear the tube but I think these rooms must have been on either ground or sub-ground level. We very occasionally heard the rumble - possibly once or twice - no big deal at all. And for those that are really naffed off about threadbare carpets, well, what can I say? It's IS a budget hotel, in a great location, so you get what you pay for, n'est pas?	
Jan 28 2009 	Pretty good	We booked this hotel through Expedia for a lower price than on the hotel's website (about €50 a night). We stayed 4 nights with breakfast excluded.The first good thing about this hotel is it's location near the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. And near the hotel are various restaurants, some cuzy pubs, shops and supermarkets. The area is pretty lively even at night, but the hotel is located in a quieter street.The reception staff was friendly, even though some lines seemed a bit 'rehearsed'. We were asked to leave a 50 GBP deposit and we received a discount voucher for the hotel restaurant. The lobby looked nice, and the hallways of the hotels smelled pretty good with the aid of air-freshner.We booked a twin, but in the room was a double bed. Considering this bed was pretty big (Queensize) and there was an extra duvet, we decided not to make a fuss about it. The room was located on the frontside of the hotel and the outdoor spotlight was lighting our room in a very sun-like manner. This was not a problem since the thick curtain hid the light completely, it was a nice touch actually!The room definately needed some updating, especially the carpet. It all looked a little bit dated and shabby, but the bed linen was absolutely clean and so was the bathroom. The beds were made every day and when requested the linen would be changed. Huge towels in the bathroom also. The TV only had a few channels and wasn't working very well, but we weren't visiting in London to watch tv! The size of the room was ok. We had an absolutely quiet night and we could hardly hear the tube (on the first floor).I'd stayed here before a couple of years ago and remembered that it's not the most fantastic hotel in the world, but if you're looking for a budget hotel with a great location, and if you're not picky about the look of a hotel room then this is definately a good option.	
Jan 25 2009 	Beafeater	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and was concerned after reading reviews. However, staff were friendly and continental breakfast presentation was excellent. Manager in charge was very professional and helpful. Room was on third floor and was tired looking and in need of refurb. Cleanliness was good and bed linen and towels were excellent.Staff were helpful but I did find Russian barmaid (maybe Lativan) in the bar was talking too much to some customers. The other staff were helpful and polite.The Italian buffet offered was not appetising and could do with a re-think. Whoever designed this menu has no idea on what to offer as I spoke to other customers who also found the menu terrible and laughable. A cold buffet is not satisfactory. I ended up eating out in the evenings in the Bayswater area which offers a variety of restaurants and some good Italian restaurants with an excellent menu choice.Overall, a good budget class hotel.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great value!	The location of Hyde Park Towers was sweet, the Bayswater Underground Station being just aorund the corner. The downfall of this was the frequent sounds of the Tube going under the hotel, but it wasn't that disturbing at all. Our room was ensuite and large enough to serve our needs. It also came with a TV (small) and tea &amp; coffee amenities. The overall impression was good, but be prepared for a dirty window sill and grey-from-dirt curtains. The bed, however, was extremely comfy and that is just what we needed.The staff at the hotel was friendly, but always seemed a bit busy. Upon arrival, we were allowed to leave our luggage there already at 8am (check-in was at 3pm), which was great.The hotel offers a buffet breakfast that is absolutely wonderful for £5.99. They also give some 20% discount deals at the hotel restaurant, which we never got around to using.The hotel was all in all a pleasant experience. For the amount we we paid, I would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 20 2009 	Great budget hotel!	My freinds and I stayed at the Hyde Park Towers Jan 10th-14th. We got a triple room and it had 3 twin beds. The room was good, bedding nice and clean, bathroom was small but def mangeable. The hotel is easy to get to by the tube, its 1 block away from the Bayswater stop and about 2 blocks away from the Queensway stop. There are many restaurants, shops and pubs in walking distance and Hyde Park is 2 blocks away. The price of room included the continental breakfast, which was great, there was always pastries, cereals, fruit, meat and cheese, coffee, tea, juice and then you could elect to get english breakfast for like 3 gbp more. When we checked in we got there early, we couldnt go to our room but they have a luggage room and we stored our bags there until we could check in. My only complaint and it wasnt even a problem was that, where our room was you could hear the tube train, it wasn't loud enough to be disruptive and it didn't shake the room, but you could def hear it, but our room was towards the back of the hotel, you couldn't hear it anywhere else though and the tube doesnt run from 12:30am-6am so it really wasn't a problemSo overall, if you're looking for a budget place to stay, this is the place its clean, friendly and alot better than anything else you're going to find at this price!	
Jan 19 2009 	Much better than I thought!	I was very worried having seen some of the reviews on tripadvisor but I have to say I was happy with the hotel. I ended up with a basement room (number 24). I had requested not to be in the basement or on the ground floor, and hotel offered to change my room for the second night if I wanted. I was happy with the room and didn't bother changing it for the second night. There was the noise of the underground trains running but it wasn't really too bad - definitely not worth complaining about anyway. Room was small but very comfortable. Heating was very good and room was clean. Also had free WiFi which was excellent. I didn't leave anything valuable in the room after reading some previous reviews! Hotel does offer safe keeping though if you need it. Only complaint would be the lukewarm water for a shower. Perhaps it was because it was late morning when I took them but it is something the hotel should try and remedy. I would stay again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great location bigger rooms than I thought!	I stayed at the hotel for approx 4 nights with 2 of my friends. It was great that they were able to hold our bags for us, as we arrived in London well before the check-in time (we got there around 9am when check it was around 1pm). Since there were 3 of us, our room actually had 3 separate twin size beds, which were actually pretty comfortable. The room size was much better than I thought it would be, considering I read a lot of reviews on London hotels that complained about room size. The bathroom was also a decent size, and the shower always had hot water, and great water pressure. One thing I did find weird, and I noticed this at our other hotel as well, is that you have to literally step up and into the shower, so if you can't make the step up, it would be difficult to use the shower (esp for any older individuals or anyone with any disabilities).The one complaint we did have, was that (and I believe it happened to be our room, given it's location - room 60) the tube station was apparently directly underneath us, so you could hear the trains running - at least they stopped at midnight, and usually didn't start again till around 6am. Also, the room was FREEZING. *Note: I found that wherever I stayed or went indoors in London, it was always freezing, so it must just be a common trend and not something specific to this hotel.We had the continental breakfast while we stayed there. The breakfast &quot;bar&quot; included pastries, juices, coffee / tea, meats / cheeses, fruit, yogurt, and cereal. No complaints regarding the breakfast.Overall, the hotel and staff were great - I really enjoyed the location as it's very close to 2 tube stations, tons of restaurants, some pubs and shops. It was also walking distance to Notting Hill and Hyde Park.I would definitely stay here again on another trip to London.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Location Great Value	I wanted to find an inexpensive hotel in London to lay my head in the evening knowing that I would be out and about most of the day. After searching on orbitz and expedia I found a variety of interesting properties at attractive rates but Hyde Park Towers had special rates on both sites that were really hard to beat. I read a ton of reviews here on tripadvisor that were not entirely positive but I booked anyway as the rate was sweet and I'm not a finicky traveler.I must say I was very pleasantly surprised as Hyde Park Towers was really a great place to stay made even better by the low room rate. As is frequently mentioned, the location is fantastic, near Hyde Park, close to tons of restaurants and in a very nice neighborhood, close to Portabello market and 2 underground stations. The reception area is professional and organized, and the hotel has modern credit card style keys (many budget hotels make you stop at the front desk to get your key which I HATE.) There's a nice bar area and an elevator to the 3rd floor where I stayed (I mostly walked the stairs but it was nice to have the elevator available).My rate came with the &quot;English Breakfast&quot; which was too heavy for me (bacon/eggs/etc), but I was content with the very nice buffet which was all I needed. The breakfast was really quite good, but crowded if you don't get there early.The room was small but adequate for me, plenty of room for my backpack and stuff. Nonetheless, if you are a very large person or need lots of space, this hotel might not be for you.As to noise, it's always a crapshoot anywhere you stay. In general people are polite and keep it down, but one evening a group was pretty loud/rude and you could for sure hear it, but for 2 other nights it was fine, no issues. I've experienced noisy neighbors at much better hotels for much higher rates so I can't fault the hotel. Oh yeah, you will hear the tube, but it wasn't an issue for me being on the 3rd floor, although it might be louder the closer you are to the ground. It certainly wasn't loud enough to wake me up.Side note, I was taking the Eurostar to Brussels at 6:00 AM and was thinking the hotel was going to be an expensive cab ride but the 390 bus runs 24 hours, stops 1 block from the hotel and goes directly to St. Pancras/Kings Cross station.	
Jan 3 2009 	Do Not Go There !	DO NOT GO. We went there for buisness and we stayed for 10 days. On Christmas eve laptops, passports etc were stolen from inside our room as well as from other seven (!) rooms, without even violating the doors which made the whole thing look like an inside job. Needless to say that there was no reimbushment from the hotel, they did not even discuss about it. The personnel completely ignored us and the owner showed up one day later, and as soon as he saw as he run away so as to avoid talking to us. Additionally the rest of the days we stayed there everyone in the hotel was rather rude towards us and behaved as if nothing had happended. Apart from hte loss of money the stealing of our laptop entails, we also lost all of our work, for which we visited London. Definitely do not go to this hotel unless you want to get robbed off your valuablesl!!	
Dec 31 2008 	Maybe for the breakfast...	Ok. So everything worked - I got my hotel room, breakfast everyday, was charged the right amounts. Also, the staff was quite helpful and the room was cleaned everyday. And yes, it is London we are talking about, so I really wasn't expecting a lot. However, I was disappointed with the hotel room. The public areas were ok, but the room... there were mostly problems in the bathroom, mold in the ceiling. Also, the room was very cold when keeping the bathroom door open, not to mention the showers in the ice cold bathroom (water was warm, but there was cold air coming in from somewhere). If the bathroom door was kept closed, the room turned super hot and the air got bad in the miniscule closet of a room.The 2 points basically come from the practical aspects being handled, the nice bed and the super breakfast.However, the bathroom experience left me feeling a bit dirty, so I would not book this place again.	
Dec 31 2008 	Loved it!!!	Lovely hotel, nice staff and delicious food. Good value for money.	
Dec 29 2008 	Beware!!!	We checked in Christmas Eve 2008. Dropped off our bags, went out to grab a bite to eat came back to find our new laptop computer had been stolen right out of the room! We went downstairs to find many other people at the front desk complaining. They had their rooms broken into as well. Stolen passports, money, cameras, and many laptop computers. It was bad enough that it was christmas eve but even worse the hotel did absolutely nothing to help us or reassure us the matter would be handled. We did not get a refund on the room. We were offered 2 free drinks as a comp and then later we were charged for them. We had approval by the manager to call the States to call our banks, insurance companies, the local police etc. and then we were billed for the calls upon checkout! It was absolutely an awful experience. The manager had no customer service, we were treated terribly the rest of our stay. Needless to say, were waiting on the police report and having a talk with our lawyer. Must have been an inside job as there was no forced entry into any of the rooms. We asked to speak to owner several times. The owner avoided us the entire trip and was nowhere to be seen upon checkout and a huge bill for the phone calls. This experience was on top of the tiny, cramped room, the dirty carpet and moldy bathroom. Travelers Beware!	
Dec 2 2008	perfect for a weekend	After reading some of the reviews I didn't know what to expect. We booked one double and one twin and spent 3 nights in this hotel. The rooms (309 and 315) were ok and the badroom was tiny but clean.The breakfast was better than expected: fruit, juices, bread, ham, cheese and all types of pastries and rolls.I will definatelly repeat. It's a good hotel for those who want to explore London. It's close to Oxford street and hyde park, and the metro (bayswater) is just behind the hotel.	
Nov 11 2008 	Don't do it!!!!!	I am struggling to write this review with one hand following a nasty incident which involved me getting my finger hurt at this hotel, so perhaps I am biast. But my sore finger kind of sums this place up... Fawlty towers (without the humour). Great location, but that's about it. The place was grubby (dirty bathroom, filthy carpets). Wierd TV - German porn TV channels??!! The rooms were very small and dark. Twin beds when you booked a double. Most of all, however, I got the impression they had cut corners (literally) to fit the maximum number of people in here. Surely there are health and safety issues here? My own fateful incident involved slamming the ladies toilet door into a wall that I didn't expect to be there (the door only opened half way and there was no stopper between the door and the unexpected wall). My finger got caught somewhere in between. If I were you, I'd stick to the standard chains - Days Inns, Best Western, Travellodge etc - which are in a similar price bracket rather than the many dodgey looking hotels in Bayswater area. At least you will hopefully return with all fingers intact.	
Oct 25 2008 	Not twice	We were booked into this hotel so that we could attend a business meeting. Public spaces are OK but the food was sub- standard and the rooms (single occupancy) were shabby with interesting mould in the bathroom/shower. The majority of rooms are accessed by stairs rather than a lift and could pose a problem to anyone with mobility concerns, The staff were doing their best to be helpful and were all very friendly and courteous but were let down by the standard of the rooms and the bizarre fire alarm system which in less than 12 hours went off 3 times (false alarms). The deciding moment was when 'housekeeping' very charmingly knocked on my door at 8.00 am just to check that I was leaving that day. I could see that the hotel was popular with tourists probably because of the price but the staff deserve a standard of food and accommodation to match their enthusiasm.	
Sep 23 2008	good hotel	we stayed at the hyde park towers from 19th of sept to the 22nd ,the hotel is just off queensway and is in a great location from bayswater tube station (about 1 min walk) the hotel its self is a good value clean hotel, the staff are very friendly and helpful,they do a happy hour from 4-7 every day which was buy one get one free,we were also provided with pizza and olives to nibble on,Our rooms were small but clean a treat to come back to after busy days out ,all 7 of us agreed that we would definatly use this hotel again and reccomend it, thanks to all at hyde park towers	
Aug 28 2008 	A lot better than expected	After reading reviews here, I was quite anxious getting here actually. But I had really no need to worry, the place was great. Well, not a five star luxury resort, but for paying about £300 I was satisfied.Friendly staff, and check in went quickly. I had asked to not get a basement or ground floor room, and we got a double room on floor 2. On floor 2 you didn't feel a thing from the underground going by, as mentioned in other reviews, but if it was completely quiet in the room you could hear it. But we were definitely not disturbed by it.The room was okay, a little small but not disturbingly I'd say. We had place to leave our two bags open on the floor. A little tight getting from the foot of the bed to the desk because of the bench the TV stood on, but we managed. Bathroom is small, but it's okay, and the huge mirror makes the whole bathroom look bigger. Our towels were changed on a daily basis (we stayed here for 3 nights). Everything was clean but maybe could use some paint. But why do you have to think about that, when you're in London you don't spend much time in your hotel room.We had continental breakfast included and it was excellent. The location is great, barely takes 1 minute to walk to Bayswater tube station (District &amp; Cirle lines), and Queensway station with Central line is just 5 mins away.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good base little else	We recently stayed in London for one night before venturing to Scotland, and this hotel served as our crashing point after a long flight. Everything about the room was small (size, tv, bed, bathroom, shower), though I will also say that it was clean and functioned properly. The best aspect of staying at the hotel is likely its location, which is less than two blocks to the tube station and makes it easy to get around the city. Bayswater is also a fun little area, with plenty of restaurants and shops. The hotel served its purpose as home base for one night, and it didn’t cost an arm and a leg. If you are looking for more amenities and service, however, I would suggest looking elsewhere.	
Aug 24 2008 	Suffered micro earthquakes every few minutes!	The best thing about this hotel is the great location: a quiet street just less than 100 metres of the busy and commercial Queensway. Also mention that there are two underground stations within walking distance, this is great.The hotel itself has a impressive victorian facade with two small steps to raise to be able to enter the lobby.But nobody told me that I had to save another &quot;9&quot; steps (2-2-1-2-2) to finally reach my room, which was located on ground level. Also had to cross a semicovered patio with a metal grid floor. Quiet surprising really!The rooms are rather old looking, small size (especially for two or more people), the furniture is rather tatty, the carpets not too clean, the matrisse rather &quot;flat and bashed&quot; and I also had to descend two steps to enter it.But the worst of all, by far and I would like to REMARK THIS POINT: the Circle/District underground line passes just under this hotel. Please note that this underground line is high level (aprox 3-5 metres below) and I had to suffer 10 second micro earthquakes every couple of minutes. I admit that after a few days I got used to it but, if you can avoid the ground floor, avoid it.Another BAD point is that:If anyone has the great idea of smoking a ciggy at 04:00 am, the fire alarm will go off in the hotel. I also suffered this several times in one night and ended up complaning at reception at 07:00am.Once again: a great location but a VERY average hotel. Think twice.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great location	The first thing you need to remember is that London hotel rooms are TINY! We've been to several different places in London and all have been &quot;compact&quot;.Hyde Park Towers, however, excels in everything else. The staff are friendly and incredibly helpful. The breakfast room is large and well stocked. The decor, although a little dated in some areas, is neat and constantly being refurbished. Bedding and towels are very good and the rooms are cleaned every day. To be honest, how many people head to London in order to spend time in a hotel room?Without a doubt the best asset of Hyde Park Towers is the location. Thirty seconds walk from the Bayswater tube station, 10 minutes from Hyde Park. Situated next to Queensway it is also close to shops, restaurants and bars. Central London and the tourist hotspots are only a couple of minutes away on the tube. We used the hotel for a 3 day break and found it an ideal base for sightseeing.	
Jul 23 2008 	Ideal spot for a stay in London!	After reading some of the reviews, as usual, we weren't sure what to expect. This is an older building, as most are in London. Our rooms were great for the money, bedding was immaculate and beds are very comfortable. We were on the third floor, heard no Tube noise, or any noise for that matter, although the floors were squeaky so those below us may have had a different experience. It is a FANTASTIC location in terms of Tube access and great/cheap places to eat nearby (stay clear of the Art Cafe for breakfast, putrid and overpriced). You're only a few minutes walk from Hyde Park, which is fantastic. You'll want to keep something on your feet as the carpets were a bit dodgy. And yes, the bathrooms are small, but it's LONDON! They serve the purpose and the staff are helpful and friendly. The bar also has great drink specials, so enjoy!	
Jul 17 2008 	Pretty Good	we stayed in june to go to see the foo fighters in Wembly. First of all good location, 10min walk to paddington can't complain with that. The room was on the small side with a crap view but our friends who joined us had a really big room, but for £75 i cant really moan.We had the italian buffet for lunch which our some of us had lasagne and canneloni which was nice and others had pizza buffet which was ok but you could tell had been left to stand.We had breakfast, great no issues and also had a few drinks in the bar after the gig. Super helpful gent on reception who didnt bug you to pay just let you chill out and enjoy your time also we were in there till gone 2 and he said 'so long as your not noisy dont worry' we could have stayed up all night if we wanted to.Overall great stay, would stay there again next time.	
Jul 9 2008 	Will think twice about rebooking	My husband and I stayed for two nights at the end of June on a bed and breakfast basis. The staff in reception are very helpful but the room was very small. We had a twin room en suite and it was difficult to walk round the bottom of the bed as it seemed to just fit the length of the room and was right up against the wardrobe. The room was clean but in need of a coat of paint to spruce it up a bit. On the second night somebody tried to gain access to our room during the night and we were awakened with the noise of the door handle being rattled. Luckily I was not alone and my husband shouted out and who ever it was went away. The fire alarm also went off during the night but was a false alarm. Breakfast was fine but if you wanted anything cooked you had to pay extra for it. The hotel is in a good location and very near to Bayswater tube station and Kensington Gardens which is probably its best feature. OK for the odd overnight stay but not for a long break.	
Jul 7 2008 	Ok - if all you want is a base	My partner and I just spent 2 nights at this hotel. We normally stay in the Ibis at Euston , but as we were attending a music event in Hyde Park we decided to stay in a location nearer to the park.Initial impressions were good. Both the outside of the hotel and the reception areas are well presented. It is also very easy to find from both Bayswater and Queensway tube station. We checked in easily and were placed in room 62 which is on the ground floor. In order to get to this room we had to go down a very narrow corridoor and over a metal bridge. The room was the smallest room we've ever stayed in. You couldn't even access the bed from both sides, and the bathroom was absolutely tiny. A number of things in the room look a bit grubby from wear and tear (carpets and shower screen to name two) but the room was clean. We also discovered that our room was on the corner of the building right next to the street, and the windows aren't double glazed so you heard everything that was happening outside. Also all the floor boards seemed to creak so there's no way to move around the room quietly.We didn't pay much for the room, and were only using the room as a base so we managed for the few nights we were there but we wouldn't have been impressed if we'd paid the going rate that was advertised.Good: Location - handy for shops and tube as well as Hyde Park/Kensington Bad: Size and outside noise	
Jul 1 2008 	What an experience!!	We have just returned from this hotel after spending five nights. The good points being the rooms were clean and the staff friendly. Now the bad points. Although we booked two single rooms away back in February we were told the only two rooms available were situated on the lower ground floor, The rooms were very far apart and I had to travel over the fire escape to get to my room. My mum is 80 years old and we had to carry our cases ourselves (nobody offered to help). On complaining they moved us to other rooms on the first floor after the first night. Talk about the rooms being small. If I had been overweight I would not have been able to squeeze past the sink and toilet to get to the bath. There were no cords on the blinds in my room and therefore could not be opened. I found cords in one of the drawers and tied them up myself. On going down for a meal we were told by a member of staff not to eat at the hotel or we may have to spend the rest of the night on the toilet (her words). There are so many other bad points and I would DEFINITELY not go back!! Be warned!!	
Jun 27 2008 	Mixed Review	My Mom and I stayed in this hotel for one night while stopping through London. We chose the hotel based on price (about $190 USD which is not that bad in London) and location. There were both goods and bads about this hotel.GOOD: Free internet; great breakfast (which was included in our price); lobby bar with happy hour specials; located close to shops, restaurants, and a tube stop; very close to Kensington Gardens. The bed was very comfy, and everything was very clean.BAD: Our room was probably one of the smallest rooms I have ever seen, and the bathroom was even smaller. The carpets are also in dire need of replacement (in the rooms and the rest of the hotel). Even though the location was good in some ways, we usually stay closer to Westminster while in London and this was definitely far enough away that we had to take either the tube or taxi to get to any local attractions (aside from Kensington).Overall, it wasn't a bad stay, but next time we will probably pay a little more and stay at Sanctuary House Hotel, which is where we usually stay.	
Jun 23 2008 	Be Careful	This hotel has a great location near to Hyde Park. The room we stayed in was very small but comfortably furnished. The bathroom was very very small and overall decor was fading with stains on the carpet and paint peeling from woodwork. A word of warning when taking breakfast. The staff do not make it clear that when you have paid for breakfast this does not include the cooked breakfast. The £5.90 extra we paid for cooked breakfast was wasted on the inedible excuse of a meal they gave to us. Also be careful when arriving by car as the traffic wardens wait around the corner while you are checking in to catch you out. The Hyde Park Towers is ok if you need one night to crash out in London and don't need any space in your room and don't care what you eat at breakfast.	
Jun 12 2008 	Terrible Room Good Location Friendly Staff	Booked Triple Room through United.Com and followed up with two separate emails to assure three twin beds. Upon arrival my daughter checked in (before my son and I) and was placed in a room with a double bed and a pull out sofa. We arrived at midnight and there was no triple rooms available.Since this was a three night stay and one night was gone we did not switch rooms.The room was small, no air conditioning, floors creaked, and no storage. The fold out sofa blocked the armoir so it could not be used for storage.Bathroom was functional but space shuttle sized.Staff was friendly, concierge very helpful, and breakfast was good.Terrible value.	
Jun 11 2008	Perfect location!	Having read the reviews we were somewhat anxious to visit this hotel mid May. Several months before we had booked online a triple room for two adults and our teenager daughter for 3 nights. I had especially made clear that we wanted a room on 2nd floor or above because of the tube. We checked in early in the morning, left our luggage and came back to the hotel late evening to find that we had got room 60 (ground level). On our hotel card were a couple of room numbers on 2nd resp. 3rd floor; these had been crossed out and no. 60 added (as if it was intended that we got the room we had asked for. I guess that others arriving after us had become room 60 and complained, and because we came back so late, we ended up with room 60). Room 60 was a cigar box with a tiny window to a shaft with no daylight. Very uncomfortable. We were moved to the 2nd floor next day, a light, but very, very small room with 3 excellent beds, no space at all for us or our luggage. Everything in the room was worn and shabby, BUT the location is perfect, breakfast good and the price absolutely fair (booked online). I would consider going back.... Birgitte &amp; family	
Jun 6 2008 	Great value for money	I was coming down to London for one nights clubbing and found a great deal on Lastminute.com with a friend. As we are both young with a limited budget we thought we could grin and bear anything, but we really needn't have been so worried.Reception was immaculate and impressive looking. Helpful staff helped us check our luggage in, which was so handy as we had got the overnight bus down from Glasgow, and were able to get out and about for the day totally hassle free.The location of Hyde Park Towers was a very short walk from Bayswater Tube so we were able to travel into the centre of London so conveniently. When we checked in and got to our room, it seemed basic and clean - just what we needed really. The bathroom was however really tiny. Not enough room to get dried and ready in there after showering but there was a pc with internet access downstairs so we were able to just let each other have the room to themselves in order to get ready. Shower was very powerful, which was also a bonus.To be honest I've been put off booking in again due to the bathroom, but this is quite typical of everywhere in London, and for the money we paid we really couldn't argue. If you're considering staying here definately book ahead over the internet as reception prices were astronomical! A great clean, budget hotel - I say go for it!	
Jun 6 2008	Window Pains	I researched many hotels in London and this one seemed fine (even the reviews on this forum were good), but when I arrived for my one night stay - I was NOT impressed. The outside looks great, the reception is welcoming and the staff very friendly - it is the rooms that let this hotel down and that's what you are after all paying for - somewhere to sleep! (most people anyway).I was given a tiny single room at the side of the hotel (although I had paid for a twin) - the windows are old and very thin and the busy street outside was right next to the window. A couple decided to sit on the wall outside and start singing! (it sounded like they were in the room although there would not have been enough space for the 3 of us!) I asked at reception if they would ask them to move, they said it would be easier to offer me another room - 'OK'. Room 2 was at the back of the hotel, even smaller than the first and was unmade - towels on the floor, wet floor mat in the bathroom. I asked for another room... Room 3 - a twin room at last, but the door was ajar when I arrived and it wouldn't lock, again I complained - the receptionist was very helpful &amp; courteous, but this does not help when there are so many problems. He came up to the room and the lock seemed to be working OK this time - then as we stepped into the room, the towels were on the floor, the bucket was full - I insisted the room had not been made and his answer was to get 'fresh' towels...by this time I was very tired and I needed sleep to get to an early conference the next day. I checked the door again and it was unlocked! A chair in front of the door and sleeping with one eye open (on what was as far as I knew unclean sheets) while listening to people having a bottle smashing competition outside is not condusive to a good nights sleep.Its a real shame as the hotel is easy to find and the staff seem very nice, if the rooms were better and the windows were double glazed this would be a far nicer place to stay.As I have no intention of going back - I don't feel like complaining as forums like this, especially if read by the Hotels in question may get things changed. Plus if people stop turning-up, they may start to question why?...the answer would be spend a night in one of the rooms for themselves!I would say on the plus side - the costs were inexpensive for the location, but there lies the catch (unlike the one on my room door).	
May 28 2008 	Comfy Beds!	I booked this hotel as I was planning a Theatre Trip with my girlfriend and wanted to cap the night off with a hotel stay.Paid £75 for one night (from lastminute.com) which is good for the area and for a 3* hotel.The room was pretty small but as we were only there for one night it didnt bother us. The bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was very clean as was the rest of the room.I'd say £75 is maybe a little steep but all in all no major complaints and it is a good walking distance from the tube.Only downside was being woken by a noisy couple &quot;enjoying&quot; each others company at 7am!	
May 27 2008	Perfect Budget Hotel	I went to Hyde Park Towers hotel with a friend in May and wasn't expecting much from what we had read online.We only wanted basic accommodation to see the sights of London.I arrived in London and expected to have to search around to find the hotel but it was right by the tube station (Bayswater) which made arrival stress free. The staff were very welcoming and always happy to help no matter what my problem. I probably pushed my luck with requests but they were always accommodating. I wasnt expecting much from the room as we only paid £241 for 3 nights split between 2 people but it was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but water was always hot so we didn't mind. The room included tea making facilities which were re-stocked every day by the maids so you never go without a drink. Im quite fussy with how clean my bedding is and they passed even my tests.The bed was the comfiest ive ever slept in and it was heaven to get back to after a day walking around London.The breakfast was included within the price and was the best part of our stay.It is served buffet style and had pretty much anything you could want. Loved the juices, muffins and croissants. Overall the Hotel surpassed my expectations and me and my friend would definitely go again.Its biggest plus is its location, right by Bayswater and Queensay tube which makes getting around London very easy.We bought a 3 day tube pass which cost £17 which meant we didnt have to keep buying tickets. Its bad points would be not having channel 3 in our room and the slight mumbling of the tube below but even then im just picking.Perfect budget to get around London and see the sights!!!	
May 15 2008 	Would definitely stay again!	Me and my sister stayed at the Hyde Park Towers for 2 nights in April after booking through Expedia. As we were on a budget I used Tripadvisor to find the best of the hotels/B&amp;Bs we could get for our money and so it came down to either staying at the Hyde Park Towers or at some badly rated B&amp;B near Kings Cross.Brilliant things about the hotel:It is literally round the corner from the tube station (Bayswater). From what I'd read I expected a few minutes walk but as we stepped out of the tube station you can literally see the back of the hotel over the road. And the other tube station (Queensway) which is on the central line could be seen just along the road from Bayswater which meant we had no trouble at all getting round London.It has quite an impressive exterior. It had seating out the front of the hotel for drinks on a warm night, or if you need a cigarette.The receptionist was very welcoming and efficient. There's a lift, which I was thankful for, being on the 3rd floor.The room was small but clean and bright and had tea making facilities.The beds and bed linen were fantastic. We both slept really well.The bathroom again was small but clean.The breakfast was exactly as described, we had toast and pastries and there seemed to be plenty of cold meats and cheese around as well as fruit. And the tea came in mugs not silly little cups!The location is fantastic. There's a Tesco Metro opposite the tube station and you can see Hyde Park from the front of the hotel.The only negative was that the shower was lukewarm. We didn't complain because it was bareable but I would have if we were staying longer.All in all it was great value for money and I wouldn't hesitate in booking there again.	
May 7 2008 	Be careful when booking this hotel	I booked this hotel via their official web site in advance,there was a confirm e-mail back. But when I asked for some enquiries more, no reply from them.Three weeks before my booking date, I'd to change my date of stay. No one replied my e-mail so I'd to make an oversea call to the hotel because the rule is in case of cancel or change date, the customer will be charge for 1 night from credit card if didn't contact them in advance.The reservation told me that the hotel didn't work with the agency which work for their web site in booking anymore so I'd to contact that agency by myself for this. Then they gave me an e-mail.No one of that agency replied my e-mail. I'd to made an oversea call to the hotel many times about this problem but they told me to wait.One week left, I asked them for that agency's phone no. because I can't wait anymore. It's in Italy! I made 2-3 times oversea call to solve my problem.Finally, I cancel all of my booking because it seems like the hotel didn't care for the customers and let me waste the time and money. So becareful about this problem when you book this hotel!I've just backed from The UK so just have chance to post this problem. Hope these kind of problem didn't happen to anyone else!	
Apr 30 2008 	A very affordable place to stay overnight in London*	* provided you book online!! The prices listed at the hotel at the time we checked in were more than double the price we paid online.My partner and I stayed here for a night after a long day in London. Having read previous reviews, I was slightly apprehensive about Hyde Park Towers. However, I tried to approach it with an open mind, and I was very pleasantly surprised!The first plus point is that it is just around the corner from the tube station so it is very convenient. The hotel from outside looks very well kept and reception was welcoming. Staff were very efficient to check us in and the girl who served us seemed friendly (a nice smile) but didn't attempt to make converstation (which was fine by me - I was really tired from the day and was impatient to get to my room in order to relax).Which comes to the room: we were allocated a room on the first floor. The view outside it was... nothing - just another building on the other side and some ventilation vents. (quite expected) Also the room was rather small - just enough for a double bed and some space around it. However, they managed to fit in a table with the TV, a desk by the bed and a wardrobe. I think given its size, they did the best they could. It was pleasant and all we needed. The bed was the highlight of the room - lovely soft cotton sheets and two fluffy pillows - the perfect remedy for my tired body after a day in London.Another thing I was pleased about was the bathroom - although very small (hard to fit two people in there) it was clean and there was a another highlight that I did not expect: a bathtub!The TV was tiny and the reception was not so great but not so bad that we couldn't watch it.Although there have been comments about feeling the underground, at the floor we were on, the vibrations were minimal and nothing that we couldn't sleep through. So I managed to get a good night's sleep.As for breakfast, I don't know what people were complaining about. There was a very good continental breakfast with a good selection of pastries, bread, jam, cereal, juices, fruit salad... I was very satisfied.Check out was just like check in, quick, efficient and problem free.One point that put me off a little about the hotel was the region it was in - although the road the hotel was on looked okay, I wasn't too comfortable walking around the areas closer to the station. (but this is someone who hardly is in big cities so I am biased and possibly more cautious than most!)I think that overall, this is a good place to stay if you need to stay a night in London. However, given the size of the room, I wouldn't recommend staying here more than a few days. I think it could get quite cramped, especially if you have a suitcase.So overall, the prices are very competitive online so I would definitely recommend to people on a tight buget and just needs a bed for the night :-)	
Apr 29 2008 	Dirty Rooms	We stayed at the Hyde Park Towers for 3 nights. We booked an economy room, but the room was probably the most disgusting room I've ever been in. The owners should really not let anyone stay in that room unless it's been cleaned thoroughly. The carpet has stains all over it, the floor creaks loudly, the bathroom is dirty and the walls need to be repainted. Every morning we were awaken by the loud chatty maids who would talk outside our room starting at 7am. They spent most of the morning chatting in the hallway rather than cleaning which was apparent by the condition of our room. On a more positive note, the breakfast was okay to get by and the service was friendly. The location was the best part about this hotel. I would not recommend the economy rooms of this hotel to anyone. I did not see the other rooms.	
Apr 17 2008	Lovely staff	I really enjoyed my stay in this hotel.First of all the tube station was just around the corner, although we heard the tube regularly it was fine. The tube stopped in the night.The rooms were clean and smelled good, like the floors.The breakfast fast typical continental, e.g. croissants, jams, fruits, cheese- ham, coffe etc.Delicious and warm.We had problems two times (shower- was cold + eletricity didn't worked). So I went to the reception and told them about the problems- withhin minutes it was solved.=)I would definitly recomend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2008 	A great place where to stay	I was in London immediately before Easter and I stayed with my family at the Hyde Park Towers hotel. I have to admit that when I booked using the hotel's website I was afraid that I could have the same bad experience that I had a couple of years ago in the same area. On the contrary, when we got there we were positively impressed by both the area where the hotel is located (calm and quiet and not far from Hyde Park) and the hotel itself. While we were checking in we had a problem with our credit card but the personnel at the reception were kind and ready to help us to solve it and to make our staying there as pleasant as possible since the beginning. The room I booked was a triple and it was spacious, neat and tidy, with large beds and all the appliances that you need (hairdryer and kettle included). Albeit the bathroom was a bit narrow, in any case it was enough for the need of a family (of course don't expect to find a jacuzzi!!!). The personnel is kind and always ready to give their assistance when needed. When it comes to breakfast, it was really good and you can have whichever kind of breakfast you want: you have different kinds of pastries, several kind of cereals, as well as ham and cheese for those who like this kind of food for breakfast (in this regard I advice not to have breakfast too late in the morning as the room is not so huge and in case you go there after 8.30 a.m. you have to wait for the waiters to give you a table). The last morning we stayed there we wanted to visit the British Museum and we could leave our luggage at the reception without being asked to pay any additional fee. To cut a long story short, I advice everybody to stay in this hotel when visiting London .... I will stay there again in future!!!	
Mar 27 2008 	rename faulty towers	i use tripadvisor a lot and usualy way up the good and bads fairly well as i did with this hotel.but its so bad i had to wtite a review.location super.hotel terrible.breakfast was worest i have ever exp.rotten fruit,stale bread,no milk for cereal,no juice left @ 8.30am when i asked could i get some i was told NO point blank NO not their is none left or all gone just NO.when their was not enough tables @ breakfast people who were eating were told to move over so other people could sit at the table as well.that night i wanted a bottle of wine to take to the room when i asked for it to be opened i was given a cork screw to open it myself but the cork was dryed out,the girls answer was what do you want me to do.Rooms are small bathroom a box.DO'NT STAY HERE.	
Feb 16 2008	good location and very clean	We were a little scared after reading other reveiws here and on the hotel website but.........................we were pleasantly supprised!! we were on the first floor the room looked newly decorated the beds were new and everything was spotlessly clean!! we paid £160 for a twin room for two nights which is unbeleivable!! around the corner from the subway, it was great.no problems at all.	
Feb 8 2008 	Damp in hotel room	I booked the accommodation for 3 nights off the hotels website as this was the only way we could get the best price for a standard room. Before I booked I called the hotel to check if breakfast was included in the price and they said if we booked on there website yes it would be. On arrival the hotel looked really nice and I was surprised that the hotel was so close to Bayswater tube station a great location. I paid my bill off up front at the reception and then I was told that breakfast had not been paid for in the price, I was not too worried has there are loads of places to eat. When we got up to the room we were shocked that it didn’t look like any of the pictures on the website and thought it needed a little updating but after looking around we noted that there was a big patch of damp in the corner of the room, the window frames were rotten, the radiator was loose and looked ready to fall off the wall and the bath handles were loose. Also we were unlucky to be staying on the top floor and there was some kind of generator on the roof that makes a noise 24/7 its so bad we went for a few 3am walks.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great weekend break	I feel that this hotel has had some unfair reviews in the past. I found my stay to be enjoyable and great value for money. I stayed with my mum for two nights. Our twin room was a little on the small side, but that didn't bother us as we were out in the city most of the time. The radiator was constantly on(!) so it was lovely and warm. The reception staff were pleasant, the rooms seemed to be cleaned daily and the continental breakfast included set us up nicely for the day.The location of the hotel was perfect - it was just a street away from Bayswater tube (District and Circle lines) and a few minutes walk from Queensway (Central lines); and the surrounding area was full of cafes and restaurants - I recommend Waffle House!I've no complaints about the hotel and would gladly stay again - especially at so reasonable a price!	
Dec 23 2007 	Ok but not great	Typical Bayswater hotel. With an more than ok, but pricey breakfast. The reception area really highthened our expectations, but the rooms but them back in place. The bath room was absolutely freezing. All hotels in Bayswater are of course in a very good location if you like to be close to the park and reasonably close to the shopping.	
Dec 5 2007 	Nice budget accomodation if you can get a good deal	Good and cheap accomodation in London is hard to come by, but I got a very good deal on Hyde Park Towers through hotels.com and was pleasantly surprised with the hotel.Stayed there with my boyfriend for 6 nights in August.The positives:Location is great: walk a few minutes down the road, and you are in Kensington Gardens - we LOVED this! Queensway and Bayswater tube stations are only a few minutes walk away, and with a 10 minute walk you are right at Notting Hill Gate with all the charm of Notting Hill and markets of Portobello Road just round the corner.The hotel faces a quiet tree lined street but has the rather touristy Queensway right behind it. This means a lot of people on the street at all times, many souvenir shops and restaurants.Staff were friendly. We arrived late in the evening (around 11) and were assigned a small room which the receptionist apologized deeply for. We actually didn't think it was so bad but gladly accepted a larger room the next morning. This was nice, had its own big balcony. Room was clean and functional if a little dated - but nothing in comparison to what we have experienced in London on other occasions.The negatives:The rooms were a bit dated and the elevator a little slow. The hotel must be right on top of the tube line - from our room, we could hear the subway rumbling by every 10 minutes! Obviously we were a bit concerned about this, but surprisingly none of us had any trouble sleeping. And thankfully, the trains stop running around midnight.All in all, this is a good basic hotel for budget travelers who just need a safe and convenient place to sleep and from which to explore the city - provided that you can get a good price.	
Nov 21 2007 	Not the nicest	Been meaning to write this review for a while... I booked to stay at the Hyde Park Towers Hotel for 2 nights on behalf of myself and my colleagues this summer. Having traveled extensively and stayed in many hotels around the world, I can honestly say this one did not come up to scratch. It was very dirty, run-down, the food was not good (breakfast ok but dinner was very poor quality) and the rooms were absolutely tiny! I am only tiny myself (4 foot ten) but even I was struggling to fit in the bathroom. I asked to be moved on the first night as I had been allocated a room in the basement which was not only very noisy but didn't feel safe as the window did not lock and the room backed onto an area that could easily have been accessed from the street. Although I was moved to an upper floor room the next day, I didn't manage to get a good nights sleep the entire stay and the new room was just as worn and dirty.The only positive thing I can say about my stay is that I am extremely glad I did not pay full price - managed to get a cheap internet rate.Bottom line: Avoid if you possibly can and pay a little extra to stay elsewhere - it will be worth it.	
Nov 10 2007 	Worst Hotel of our Europe trip	We checked in on 10/6/07, fully paid for a three nght stay months before on June 20, 2007. We very dissatisfied, and stayed there that night until we could find another hotel. They would not let us cancel or refund our money, before, after or since.They placed us on the lower 1st floor with a window right on the noisy street. We were concerned about theft, because my husband had just had his wallet, passport and credit cards stolen in Spain. They said they had no more rooms, however, in the lobby later, they continued to give other people rooms in the upper floors. The room was so small that one could get into the double bed only on one side with an 8&quot; clearance (not acceptable for our ages), the bathroom tiles covered with black fungus. Carpets were filthy, and fire alarms continued to wake us during the night. We only slept a few hours before leaving. We took pictures. Our stay stated we had breakfast included but she would not let us have it. We found a Hilton Hotel closeby and continued our London stay there the next two nights. The hotel clerk would not even give us a receipt for the three nights we paid when we check out. Many people there were dissatisfied. I would NEVER recommend this hotel. This was the end of our Europe trip having stayed in wonderful places throughout Spain, Portugal and Oxford, England.	
Nov 7 2007 	Good location	Stayed in a triple room for 3 nights with husband and daughter, quite small but OK for a bed when you've been sight seeing all day! Room was clean, and quiet for London, until someone set the fire alarm off at 4am, and scared the living daylights out of us! (False alarm) Convinced my daughter it was a one off, but then happened again next morning as someone had burnt the toast, so needless to say didn't get much sleep! Staff were friendly enough, would stay there again for the tarriff on their website but would'nt pay much more. Good location near tubes, buses and shops.	
Oct 30 2007 	looking worn out but value for money	I booked this hotel as a cheap overnight stay in London. I didn't expect much as it was a very competitive price, but it just about came up to expectations. The place is very old and is made up of 4 or 5 old town house knocked into one hotel. It has all the right things you expect, but this is a good example of how having the right ingredients doesn't mean you will end up with a good result.The first room we were offered was via an outside 'bridge' over the basement, then back into a VERY small ground floor corner room. I wouldn't have stayed in it just because of the location (lots of pedestrians only 5 feet away) but the double bed was literally squeezed into the room. One side had limited access, the bottom and other side had none. The second room was better. King-size bed still again one wall, but we moved a small table and pulled it more into the middle of the room. The bathroom was tiny, just about room to make a cup of tea and the 14&quot; TV was lower than the level of the bed. Worst of all there was a sickly sweet smell that I tracked down to an air freshener in the corridor outside. I moved it to another wall socket and then realised it was covering a smoky smell, but that was preferable to the sickly one! On the plus side, the room wasn't overlooked and the wardrobe space was good. We had lots of hot water, it was quiet (very distant rumble of Underground but OK on 2nd floor) and we both slept very well on the bed. It was also very good location for Hyde Park, 2 underground station and Oxford Street is a pleasant 20 mins walkOverall I wouldn’t recommend it. I would rather spend £10 more and get a better room, but if you only have £65 then it was OK.	
Oct 21 2007 	Just OK	The one thing Hyde Park Towers has going for it is the location. It is about a 1 minute walk to the Bayswater Tube Station. The rest is pretty much sub-par. Naturally the rooms were small, you will get tiny rooms anywhere in London, unless you spend LOTS of money, but our room had a slight damp odor, stained carpet, peeling wall paper, and a leaky bathroom. All in all, I don't think that the hotel was worth what we paid for it (about $200 a night). And beware if you get a room in the basement, as you can hear and feel the tube trains.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good value (we got a good deal)	I found a good deal ($100 CDN for a double room) and decided to book online. When we arrived, they told us there was a problem and would have to give us two single rooms. I had no problem with this since I had been travelling with my mom for 5 weeks and needed some space. They included a free continental breakfast for the inconvenience.We were on the main floor, but the day we were leaving the elevator broke and people had to lug their suitcases down flights of stairs.My biggest complaint was the washrooms: Hers was unimaginably tiny. You had to crouch down and squeeze in to sit on the toilet since the sink was hanging over part of it. And I'm 5'3&quot; and under 100 lbs. There was barely any room to stand while getting out of the shower. And the water only had one temperature-burning hot.My washroom was better, as it had more room and a bathtub and normal water temperature. However, the tub was very slippery. As I was getting out, I slipped, grabbed onto the shower curtain rod for support and managed to pull it out of the wall. I have to blame that on my own klutziness. Just be careful.Overall, I can't really complain. $50 (plus tax) for a clean, relatively comfortable single room in London is a good deal. It's certainly not worth the posted rates, though.	
Sep 22 2007 	Expensive for very basic accomodation	Needing a hotel near Paddington station for the Heathrow express, we booked a room at the Hyde Park Towers. The room can best be described as basic, taking a 50GBP pre-auth upon check in was quite optimistic - even if we had gone on a rampage it would have been impossible to incur that much cost!The room was very small, quite dirty, very noisy but the location is good. It cost us 160GBP which is about twice what it is worth, even in London.	
Sep 15 2007 	I got a room in the basement!	I've just discovered TripAdvisor, so this review is about my stay at this hotel in 2004, oct. Since then they may have changed everything, but from reading the other reviews here, I doubt that.At the time I booked this room the hotel was said to have 4 stars, and I thought it was safe to place an order. Todays rating of 2 stars seems more accurate. Me and my wife was placed in a tiny room in the basement, overlooking the &quot;courtyard&quot;, that is, we look straight into the kitchen, which oozed of bacon and scramled eggs every morning from 5 am. The room itself was so small that it was ridiculous.There was actually not any place to lay down our big suitcase! We could tilt it standing, but had to lay onto the small (queen-size?) bed if we wanted to retrieve something from it. I had to remove a large fan from the floor and put it on top of a locker to get at least some space to move around the bed. But even then I would have to climb over my wife to get into my place in the bed. I even calculated the available floor space not occupied by desk, locker, fan, bed and door-swing. The available area was 1.5 square metres! For two persons. The bathroom was exactly the same as the ones you will find in a third class ship cabin: sooo small.We had orderd a non-smoking room, but the room was equipped with an ash tray, and the smell was undeniable. The safe was there, but not working. The tv didn't work either, but we was not in London to see tv so that didn't bother us too much.I was extremely disappointed to be offered this small room in the basement. It couldn't be any worse anywhere in London.We complained and was moved to another room on the 3th floor. This was decent, but not large or fancy or anything. The bathroom even had a bathtube, but still not very large. When I sat down on the toilet, my hips touch from wall to bathtube, and I'm not that fat! (ok, I could take off 10 kgs:).The staff was friendly enough, but the basement rooms should be sealed off and never offered any paying customer!!	
Sep 6 2007	Unfortunate Experience	Im not sure whether my experience at the Hyde Park Towers was a one-off or just a bit of bad luck?. I made a late internet booking for the hotel only a few hours beforehand and when I had arrived the confirmation had not been faxed through to the hotel (I had maintained a copy of the confirmation email in my inbox). The poor girl on the reception was unable to verify my booking and as there were no available rooms left (singles) so she had to resort to giving me a few options - none of which I was pleased with. Either I pay for an upgrade to a double or go find another hotel. (I was furious!). I didn't expect this level of service after having a room confirmed via the internet. She later confirmed that I did have a booking and allocated me a dodgy room in the basement level. Unfortunately this left me with a negative impression of the hotel - I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else. (Its like booking a flight over the internet and rolling up to the airport to find you don't have a seat allocation because the airline can't verify your booking due to a delay in the fax - sorry, its not good enough).Get your booking system together Hyde Park Towers.	
Aug 15 2007 	A loud place with tiny room	Since every hotel in London is expensive, the best I could get for location and price was the Hyde Park Towers Hotel. Location wise, it is good. It is nearby two Underground stations, and across from Kensington Gardens. There are a number of restaurants, cafes, and fast food places a block away. The hotel itself is strangely laid out. There are stairs within the same levels, and rooms connected by little doored 'foyers'. Because of this, my room was directly across from another room by arm's reach. I could hear whenever those people came and went, and even snores. My room was really small, and I kept bumping into things. The heavier blankets were not clean and smelled really bad. The extra blanket in the closet didn't smell much better, so I just used one sheet blanket and slept in a long-sleeved shirt to stay warm. The bathroom was clean and simple. The noise from the street was very loud until 3am, then the morning work traffic would start at around 6am.	
Jul 19 2007 	let down by the room	spent two nights at hotel on 9th july.staff very friendly and helpful.location good, bayswater and queensway tube nearby and kensington gardens at top of road .size and condition of room not great and noise from tube.overall ok for price.	
Jul 19 2007 	Smiles Better than the rest	I have posted about this hotel before, and as I have just stayed again last night thought I would do a follow up.This hotel is clearly smiles better than the rest, and the reasons why are that must be the friendliest, happiest, hotel I have ever stayed in. All the staff here are just blinding. Elisa, Jelena, Chris, and Paul just always seemed to go out thier way to help me. For me service has to be the most important thing in any hotel and this wins every time. Service with a smail, people who know what they are doing, it just makes the stay all the better.The room I stayed in this time, 112 was better than my last stay, the restaurant has just been done up, the garden area is really good, especially for me as a smoker, breakfast is vast and with lots of choice, the internet even works in the garden, but for all the good stuff, the best thing about the hotel is the staff and they are just smiles better.	
Jul 8 2007 	What a wonderful surprise!	I recently stayed at the Hyde Park Towers Hotel in Bayswater, London, while I was in the city on business. What a wonderful surprise. I normally stay at well-known chain hotels but this time my assistant booked me in to this independent hotel. I was dubious. But I had no reason to be. I found my stay excellent. Firstly the staff were warm and friendly. They seemed to genuinely care that I had a good stay at the hotel and were keen to help me find my way around the city. One night I ate at the hotel and found their pizza delicious. Just as good as anything I can get at home. My bed was extrememly comfortable and the room was quiet and well served by wireless internet. I was also impressed by the hotel's efforts towards being more environmentally friendly. As I travel a lot on business this is something that concerns me. It is good to see the hotel industry taking it seriously. I would highly recommend the Hyde Park Towers to anyone whether travelling on business or for pleasure.	
Jul 4 2007 	Very small hotel	We stayed in this hotel over Thanksgiving in 2006. Entire trip was purchased through Virgin Atlantic. This hotel is so small that if you want to change your mind you have to go outside. Room was 8'x8' with no room for cloths so we had to keep everything in our suitcases. Bathroom clean but very small too. You have to remember that you are in Europe and everything here is small comparing to US. No extra soap provided even if you ask, so bring your own if you need more. We did not mind conditions because we spent entire day outside. Hotel room is only to have a place to sleep. So it was OK deal for the money although this was the smallest room I had ever stayed in Europe. So, do not expect spacious rooms.	
Jun 29 2007	Great value for money and location	I stayed here with a friend for one night for £49. The staff were extremely polite and helpful and our room was basic but clean and comfortable. The hotel is in a great location, 1 min from bayswater tube and a great base for exploring london. For £49 a room it is great value for money. Our buffet style continental breakfast was included as well!!	
Jun 20 2007 	Below Average	I stayed at this hotel for one night on 16th June.I booked a twin room but on checking in there was a note on top of the piece of paper I signed to signify my arrival. &quot;Free upgrade to family room&quot;. Well that was good news.Upon getting into the room I discovered it was not a family room nor a twin room. We had a double bed. Wonderful. Luckily the double bed is just two twins pushed together so we managed to break them apart but that's not really the point. I had better things to do with my time.The room was rather small. The TV was rather big and had sky news and CNN along with with the 5 usual terestrial channels. The decor was shabby. It had clearly recently been painted but to a poor standard. The desk's seat was filthy. Goodness knows what all the stains were!The bathroom was a reasonable size and was quite clean apart from patches of mold on the ceiling. There was a bath and a shower.Even though we were on the second floor we could still hear and feel tube trains travelling underneath the hotel. I can only imagine how bad that must be if you're staying on the ground or 1st floor!The bar was small (a dozen seats and half a dozen tables) and overpriced. From memory a Smirnoff Ice cost £3, a small bottle of Guiness cost £3 and a very small bottle of coke (200ml) cost £1.40. But it was still open come 2am in the morning so that was quite handy.I saw two computers for Internet access. One in the lobby and one in the bar. £1 for 30 minutes use.As i'd booked online from a last minute deal type website I paid for the room only so I did not get the chance to sample the breakfast menu. Breakfast costs £6.95 which seems reasonable.The location is by far and away the best feature of this hotel. Bayswater tube is 1 minute away and Hyde Park is just at the top of the road.	
Jun 17 2007 	excellent value	stayed here as a single traveller in January 2007. Having only paid £150 with Ryanairhotels.com for three nights, I was expecting something very basic, however I was pleasantly surprised to get a room adequately spacious for one person and very comfortable. My room was well equipped with a bathroom, tea/coffee facilities and a television, and the hotel's location was second to none, with Hyde Park at the end of the street, and numerous shops, restaurants and bars, as well as two Underground stations in the street running parallel to Inverness terrace.The hotel staff were very pleasant and check-in took less than two minutes. The downstairs bar was comfortable and not overpriced as in many London hotels. My booking included breakfast, which was served in buffet style, in a breakfast area overlooking the street outside.Overall this is an excellent choice for its location, price and comfort, however if you expect a view from your window, avoid a lower ground floor (basement) room.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed in 3 rooms for 2 nights in May 2007. The staff were brilliant and the hotel itself was really handy to bayswater tube station. The continental breakfast had something for everyone. The rooms themselves could do with a bit of updating and they are very small but had everything you need in central London. Steer clear of the big sit in chinese around the corner though - the staff are crazy !!!	
May 21 2007	Nice neighbourhood and location	Nice and clean but small rooms.Good service from the staff and nice breaky.Appealing building and quiet area next to a bussy one (Queensway). Shops, restaurants, pubs and cinema just around the corner. But the best of all is the location really just next to the tube.	
May 18 2007 	Georgians pleased with Hyde Park Towers	My husband and I spent 8 days at the Hyde Park Towers in early March and had a very pleasant experience there. We had felt some apprehension due to a few bad reviews we'd read in the months prior to our trip but were very pleased with most aspects of the hotel and the service we received. Obviously, this is a budget hotel and anyone expecting luxury will be disappointed, but overall we found our accommodations to be very comfortable, clean and pleasant and the staff to be friendly, considerate and eager to meet our needs. The hotel could benefit from modernization, but this, we felt, was a minor consideration. We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone seeking comfort, security, location and a friendly atmosphere at a reasonable price.	
May 5 2007 	Not fit for rats	I woul not reccomend this place to anyone im sure homeless people would turn it down if they were offered a bed here. They messed up the rooms from what was requested. The rooms are horrible really old and nasty. The bar is a tiny overpriced mess and thats all I can say really cause it is bringing back bad memories. Stay well away there is too many hotels in london so no need to get stuck here.	
Apr 29 2007	Lovely friendly staff great location and fantastic value	We stayed at this hotel for a period of two weeks and found this hotel to be in a great location very close to Queensway which is just around the corner with loads of restaurants and souvenir shops. The staff are extremely friendly and nothing is a problem. Rooms are small but clean which is a must for anyone. I would definitely stay there again in the future.	
Apr 15 2007 	You won't go wrong staying at Hyde Park Towers	I feel that Hyde Park Towers is a very good deal in London, where hotels are often expensive for less than ideal accommodations. It is in a nice neighborhood and conveniently located near public transportation, shopping and restaurants. The front desk was very efficient and helpful all the time, but especially when I registered. I had requested a twin bedded room for myself and cousin and when none was available, we were provided with two single rooms at no extra charge. We both appreciated the hotel's flexibility. The rooms were clean, though admittedly small.. When one member of my group requested a new shower curtain, it was promptly provided. Breakfasts were generous, with a good selection of food. I would definitely recommend staying at Hyde Park Towers when in London .	
Apr 10 2007 	Convenient	Great hotel located within one block walking of the Queensway and Bayswater Underground stops. Queensway is a busy street with small shops, lots of restaurants and people activity. Hotels' location is also one block from the north side of Hyde Park in a very lovely section of London. Hotel lobby is standard and rooms are small but quite adequate. Bathrooms also are small but OK. Front desk personel very cooperative. Breakfast included in room rate and quite good. Very pleased with our three night stay.Would recommend to anyone. Very convenient for those that wish to use underground/bus travel throughout London or who like to walk to the sites(we walked to Marble Arch &amp; Oxford Street which is about a mile away.	
Apr 7 2007	Give it a go	I have stayed here 5 or 6 times in the past and have to say I am surprised by the tone of many of the reviews here. First the negatives: The rooms could do with some modernisation but they are neat and tidy and clean. The carpets could do with replacing but again they shouldn't put you off. If you are a light sleeper (I am not) then the fact that the Tube goes underneath the hotel may annoy you if you are on the bottom floor. The best thing about this hotel is the staff. I have always found them to be really helpful and friendly. I work a lot in London and you can't over emphasise how important that is. Rooms have TV with 5 channels plus CNN with a remote and good reception. I am 6 foot but have never had a bathroom here which I would say was too small to be comfortable. There's a bar, restaurant, 24 hour reception and cheap internet access (£1 for 30 mins). The breakfast (7am start) is good: the usual plus boiled eggs, fruit &amp; yoghurt.Bayswater is the best place in London to stay: this hotel is a 2 mins. walk from tube stations, and every type of shop, restaurant, cinema, bar etc. you could want.If you book through their website rather than lastminute you can usually get a single room for less than 50 quid a night. I've paid 40 before, and I can't find any better than that in central London... If you are a budget traveller you really shouldn't be put off staying here.	
Apr 5 2007 	Don't stop here - keep looking	There HAVE to be better places in this price range. (We booked way late and didn't have time to shop around - our fault.) Really tired carpets and furniture. We were given a &quot;family&quot; room with a foldout couch, folded out for us. But as a twosome, we wanted to fold it up so we'd have room for our luggage. No can do - there's a board under the mattress. We asked if someone could help out. Nope, after check in time there's no one around to assist. We managed to extricate the plywood sheet to find that the couch didn't fold up anyway. Nice touch.But if you must stay here, you'll find it's VERY close to the Baywater tube station as well as coffee shops (Starbucks, etc.) and other quick eateries. The room is not microscopic as many London hotels are. The sheets were clean and crisp cotton, not pill-ed polyester. And the bell person was quite helpful when checking our bags since there was no way we could check in before 3:00 pm -room not ready until at least then.	
Mar 25 2007 	Dowdy bare carpets good service avoid the dungeon	I stayed there for 5 days in early December, 2006. The “Towers” are 3 floors high. The bottom floor is a dungeon. If you like claustrophobia, you’ll love the basement.Carpets are threadbare. Internet works in the upper floors. Great location and neighborhood. Friendly staff, good breakfast. Stay only if you have nowhere else.	
Mar 21 2007 	CHeap and Cheerful	Booked for two night stay while working in London. Staff very friendly and helpful. Room and bathroom small but ok. Great location, near tube with plenty of shops and decent restaurants nearby. Good value place to crash if you're just looking for a base but not particularly recomended if you are going to spend a lot of time in your room.	
Mar 12 2007 	Avoid the Ground Floor	Beware of being given a room on the ground floor. You will not be able to sleep past about 6.00am, time of the first underground train on the circle/district line from adjacent Bayswater station.The train travels directly under the hotel and my room shook like it was being hit by an earthquake every few minutes.	
Mar 11 2007 	Good Location	Hi just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel.First of all, the hotel is very easy to find. Minutes from the tube station. Its in a great location. Bayswater is not bad.....there is a shopping centre close by with a cinema if u prefer not to travel far.Walking into the hotel's lobby you feel like this is a great hotel.Great lobby. Checking in was smooth and the staff was very friendly.We stayed in a twin room, (2 single beds). The room was clean and basic. I wouldn't say it was TINY as some other reviews but it was a good size. Two cases would fit easily and still have space to move around.There were tea/coffee making facilities and the TV had a remote. Smile. Usual channels and couple other news channelsThe bathroom was also very clean and there were the usual soap/shampoo and shower gel.Although the room was clean, one could tell that its been a while since it was last refurbished as it looked old, not tattered but worn.The heating worked and I was pleasantly suprised to say it was one of the most comfortable beds I have been in. Usually you expect to feel the springs, but not in this hotel. The mattress must have been new.We were on the 2nd floor and couldn't hear the underground trains running. I did hear them however when I was in the lobby. I could only imagine how bad it would be if u slept on the floor below the lobby.Our room faced the road, we stayed on the weekend and on friday night u can hear the traffic, but not loud enough to keep u awake. On saturday it was much quiter.Breakfast was continental, included in our package. But if u wanted a cooked breakfast u can order one but u have to pay £7.00.Continental breakfast buffet was plentiful but the usual cereals,toast, fruits etc, but there were boiled eggs and the staff kept restocking as soon as anything went low. I thought that on some mornings it can get a bit cramped as there were lack of space, but if u waited a couple minutes a table wii be available.All in all I would say that I had a pleasant stay in this hotel.I got a great online deal for two nights with breakfast.If I got this deal again, I would be happy to stay here again.	
Mar 5 2007 	A very good deal	For 50 GBP I was not expecting much (I'd been to other London hotels before). But this one was a nice surprise.The room was not big (a single bed) but it was clean and the hotel seemed well maintained - the other rooms seemed well looked after too (I looked in when the cleaners were there). The shower was clean and there was no sign of any mould.The hotel was quite smart, with a nice bar and a spacious entrance.It is very well located: just around the corner from Bayswater underground and 200 m from Hyde Park.I did not have breakfast. I spent one night there, so the small room (60 cm from the edge of the bed to the desk) was not a problem.	
Mar 4 2007	Spacious Rooms Good quality furnishings and an excellent location	I'm a regular business traveller to London, and I like to look for good value 3 star hotels that offer comfort, amenities at an affordable price, and the Hyde Park Towers Hotel certainly offers all three.Tastefully furnished spacious single rooms, cable TV, Tea and Coffee, Bath and shower, modern clean rooms and wireless internet at £45.00 per night through lastminute.com make this hotel an excellent choice.Not really sure why it has courted such bad reviews. I've certainly stayed at an awful lot worse, and I was pleasantly surprised when I stayed here.Overall, a good solid choice in an excellent location.	
Feb 18 2007 	Location Location Location	For 100 US dollars a night I doubt you could have found better in London. Before I went I read all the reviews and I have to admit I was practically terrified of what I'd find (I'm not the one who booked the hotel) but I was pleasantly surprised to find it wasn't bad at all!Our room was small, and a bit worn, but definitely clean and not so tiny that it was uncomfortable. The bathroom was also small but clean. We were on the second floor, facing the street, and that allowed for us to keep the window open when our room got stuffy.I did not feel the entire hotel shake as other reviewers have mentioned, but when I was in the lobby using the Internet (a great deal of a pound for 30 minutes) I would feel like my chair vibrated a bit occasionally.The main draw of this hotel is exactly what I mentioned in the title of my review, the location is AMAZING. Being in such close proximity to the Bayswater Tube Station made it incredibly convenient to travel around, and on Queensway Rd. was some of the best food I've ever had in my life. I would venture to say there were atleast 10 different ethnicities, and I would recommend trying both Bella Italia, and Bedoin (Moroccan) as they were both superb.One last tip, book online! The rates posted in the lobby were 139 pounds (248 dollars with the exchange rate we were dealing with) for the room we had booked for only 100 dollars a night.	
Feb 7 2007 	OK hotel good breakfast	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Hyde Park Towers for a weekend in February of 2007. The reservation was made via a Swedish travel agent offering packages for city weekends. We booked the Hyde Park Towers since the presentation from the travel agent looked good and the price was quite low. However, you get what you pay for!!!Check-in was fast and efficient (although I dislike when hotel staff try to sell me sightseeing deals or other tourist stuff unless I specifically ask for it - in this case a hop-on hop-off bus and boat sightseeing deal). As we arrived at noon we had to wait until 14.30 when the room should be ready the receptionist said.We returned at 18.00 got room # 125. After finding our way up there (through a smelly elevator, a narrow corridor and an even narrower separate staircase up to the room) we found out the room was not cleaned! There were trash laying around all over the room.After carrying the bags down again the front desk quickly changed our room to # 55. The room was small (New York size) and clean. It had tea and coffee making facilities but no refrigerator. The springs in the bed were worn out. The TV was tiny and had regular channels to choose from. The bathroom was really tiny but nothing to complain about - good hot water in the shower. The view out of the windows was a brick wall.The big setbacks with the room were an air-conditioning unit outside the window making a rather high humming noise 24/7 and the subway. The subway seemed to go directly under the room, which shook for 10 seconds every 10 minutes or so. You get used to it though. However, I'd suggest that you get a room as high up as possible.Breakfast was surprisingly good. A lot to choose from, although nothing out of the ordinary.Check-out was as smooth as check-in. No hassle. The hotel does not charge for keeping your luggage in the luggage room, which I find really good.The best with the hotel is the location. Not even a minute's walk to Bayswater subway. 2-3 minutes walk to Queensway subway, Bayswater Road (with a lot of busses) and Hyde park. Thus you can easily go with the subway to Heathrow (Around 50 minutes with 1 change at Earl's Court), Oxford Circus or Kensington, or wherever your destination is. I prefer going by bus as you see more then.I felt safe in the neighbourhoods around the hotel and there were a lot of good resturants and pubs between Bayswater and Queensway subwaystations. I recommend Kam Tang, which is a really good an genuine Chinese restaurant.I recommend this hotel if you are looking for a clean, safe and decent hotel with a good location.	
Jan 24 2007 	Good value!	Since I had read both very positive and very negative reviews about the Hyde Park Towers I was curious to see what it was really like. I was positively surprised and found nothing wrong with it at all, no sound our shakings from the underground or any other disturbances. We stayed on the second floor, and it might be that the rooms on different floors are different. Our room was small, but sufficient. The beds were comfortable, there was a coffe/tea maker and a hair dryer. The bathroom was small but clean. The breakfast buffet was nice with bread, eggs, ham, cheese, cereals, juices, coffe/tea and fresh fruit. The staff were polite and helpful. We were given tickets for each bag that we stored in the luggage room so no one but ourselves could claim them. I would not hesitate to stay here again, especially not for the bargain price (GBP 50) we got during low season.	
Jan 22 2007	I did not like this hotel	This hotel is close to being not fit for humans. I did read rewiews saying it was bad but I thought it could not be as bad as people was describing. The only good thing was that after I got a room that was in the basement I talked to them about transfering to another room, and they gave me a better room on the 3. floor. The halls are smelly and sometimes you sunk down when you ware walking. Would not reccomend this to anyone.But probably most of the hotels in the same price range are not good quality!!!	
Jan 17 2007 	Location Location Location	Myself and boyfriend stayed in Hyde Park Towers from 12th Jan - 14th Jan. The hotel has an excellent location, just around the corner from Bayswater tube station. We flew into Gatwick, got the Gatwick express train from the airport to Victoria station, changed at victoria station for Bayswater station. It really wasn't that much hassle. The journey took us approximately 50 mins from Gatwick Airport. Check in was quick and efficient. We stayed in room 214, it had a queen size bed and a single bed. The rooms are TINY but I think because of the extra bed we had more room than some other reviewers to put our luggage etc. The bathroom is VERY small and only room for one person at a time!! The room was clean and confortable. We didn't notice the noise from the tubes going underneath at all. The street around the corner from the hotel has loads of bars and restaurants. We arrived late on Friday night, around 11pm and were delighted to find some restaurants still open (an Italian just beside the tube station called Bella Italia) - Lovely food! The main advantage of this hotel is its location. It is in a lovely area and I felt very safe walking around late at night. To make the most of the location of this hotel you really do need to use the tube system though. We got a taxi home from Oxford Street after a hard days shopping and it cost approx £11 sterling. Faults:-On our first morning we were rudely awoken to the fire alarm going off at 7am! The hotel's evacuation procedure seemed lacking. After getting up and evacuating our room, we had trouble finding the emergency exit and then halfway out the alarm stopped. Not once in all of the comotion was there any sign of a hotel employee assisting guests. There was total confusion. We eventually found our way to reception and had to ask was everything ok, the receptionist hadn't moved from her desk and there was nobody in the lobby to give information. On our way back up to the room, we had to inform other guests that everything was ok. I would hate to see if there was a real emergency in the hotel.	
Jan 16 2007 	AWFUL AWFUL AWFULsleeping on the street would be better	If I could minus the rating - I would.I wanted to treat myself and stay in a nice london hotel. I should have chosen somewhere else.My twin room was reduced to a single as they saw I was &quot;single&quot; and said they suddenly had none available. I was put in the tiniest room in the world. I could touch all walls by spreading my arms. The bathroom was tiny - with no bath but a floor shower. I had to keep the door open otherwise I would have got claustrophobia.At night there was a very loud clanking noise of the lift going up and down - so no sleep was allowed in my box of a roomI complained since I had paid for a twin and had an awful time and was told I would get a 25% refund put back on my card.I have yet to see this refund.Do not under any circumstances stay here.I would have got more sleep on the street.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great Stay	Reception was great check-in was fast and the receptionist was very helpful. The reception is open 24 hours so they accept late check in. We stayed over new year for 2 nights. The hotel does also offer conferencing facilites, a bar and restaurnt. Although we did not eat or drink in either every time we went past there were people in them. I originally booked the room on what i though was a room only basis only to find when i arrived we also had a continental breakfast included in the price (but we did not make use of this).The room was an ok size if you don't have much luggage otherwise it could be very cramped. The room had tea and coffee making facilities, tv and was cleaned daily by the staff.The bathroom was extremely small although it had a good size bath and shower in. The toilet was right opposite the sink and when you stood up from the loo you didn't have to move to wash your hands. They provided you with fresh towels and a bath mat every day if so required otherwise they ask you to use them as long as possible to help on enviromental costs with washing and things. They also supplied soap, shampoo and shower gel.The hotel is in a excellent location being a matter of seconds away from Bayswater Station. The main highstreet of bayswater is one street along and has many shops, pubs and restaurnts.The tube does run straight under the hotel, but we were staying on the 3rd floor so i did not here this and it did not effect my sleep. Overall the stay was fantastic and i would gladly use the hotel again although if i were to go with some one else again i would ask for a larger room.	
Dec 16 2006	convenient hotel	OK Hotel, single room#316 ,toilet tiny, bath which you would have to lay sideways in ,shower curtain with a 45% bend so you had a cold curtain clinging to you all the time,but then again, you should have seen the size of the room and bathroom in #57, which they tried to put me in, one legged people only, cause there aint room for both, the best thing is the location, 50M, from Bayswater tube, 200M to Queensway tube, by the way, if you get seasick easily then dont stay here, I was on the 3rd floor and the building swayed as the trains passed under, I swear/, I was offerred a cooked breakfast for 6.95, go round the corner and choose from 25 differant cafes from 2.95, same with the so called bar ,in 4 nights I did not see a soul in there, youll understand when you see their (cheap London prices), the bar on the corner left of Bays water tube is exellent, good food, good prices, great and friendly staff,	
Dec 11 2006 	Terrible	First it boasted free internet but once the credit on the managers card went low they refused to get it up online again.Was fo frustrating to be without the internet but they gave the excuse that it was upgrading.Next the rooms were very cramp and unfriendly for luggagesEach floor splits into another floor eg u can take the lif to the 2nd floor but u got to get stairs to floors 1.5 or 2.5 and if you are carrying luggages,look out.Next was the metro travels under the hotel.You can FEEL and hear the train as it goes past so it does disturb the stay.Other then that it is near the Bayswater area and looks better then some other hostals next to it.For me it still is a no-no i paid appx $100usd+++ for a nights stay.	
Dec 7 2006 	Small but good quality with a discounted rate only	My husband and I needed a place to stay for a one night getaway in London. I have previously used [----] but am finding that its quality of service is diminishing. My main problem is that although the website states that there are rooms available, THREE TIMES I have been told that there was no availability and that they needed to find a replacement. The replacement hotels are usually not similar (based on reviews) to the one I initially book. Anyway it is a hassle to have to wait 2-3 days to see if the hotel accepts my booking. I used [----] for this booking and it went very well. We paid 59pounds for a one night stay for a double bedroom (without breakfast). The website only asks for your credit card information to hold the booking and we paid the full amount at the end of our stay at the hotel. We had a ground floor room which was fine. It WAS a tiny room, room enough for just 2 people sitting on the bed and watching TV, and 1-2 small bags. Think of a large walk-in closet and that is what we stayed in. The bathroom seemed bigger than the room itself. There was room to walk back and forth in and out of the bathroom. The room was clean, (including clean sheets and towels). The linens were pretty updated (I noticed a small stain on a towel, but it smelled washed). The TV set was TINY, but we weren't there to watch TV. The tub was a medium to small size but the shower curtain ROD ran along a bit too short, so if you shut the shower curtain all the way, you'd only have half of the tub to use. We just didn't shut the shower curtain all the way and we were fine, nothing got wet. Good updated faucets, good pressure in shower. It looks like they managed to update their sink faucet by combining the 2 spouts into 1, but I noticed they haven't quite got it perfected as I saw 2 different streams of water pouring out (one hot one cold) but out of one pipe. This didn't matter to us though, because you could wash your hands and face easily(just wait a couple seconds to let the 2 streams of water mix). They did not provide wash cloths which was a personal preference for my husband. Their shampoos were in small packets that you had to squeeze (so if you need lots of shampoo, bring your own), but they provide soap for the sink and the tub. They had a towel for the floor as well. I thought they did a great job with the space they had. They even had a nice size closet and desk with chair. We DID hear the subway train drive by every once in a while, but since we were back in at the hotel late at night we didn't hear it (and feel the rumbling) too often (I think the train stops running at a certain time). Neither myself nor my husband are light sleepers so it didn't bother our sleep. I'm not sure if you still hear and feel the train go by if you are on a higher floor. The location is the BEST part of this hotel. It is a block away from tons of shops, restaurants (all types, ethnic, etc), 2 underground stations. The area itself is very cute and quiet (in a small neighborhood). We would definitely come back here but only at a discounted rate. We saw that their regular rate was about 160pounds for a double room. Perhaps they reserve the ground floor rooms for the discounted rated rooms and the better/bigger rooms are upstairs??? There's no way I'd pay that much for the room we had. Reception at night was very friendly. The reception lady during the day seemed a bit moody that morning (Dec 2, 2006). Overall, good quality for what we paid.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great Location rooms seriously tiny very noisy	Booked hotel through website. Got great price for room compared to price they were charging if you hadn't booked through net.Location is brilliant right beside Bayswater station.Great shops and restaurants on street adjacent.Room...no joking was TINY was on ground level floor twin room. Bathroom literally no room to move once your standing in it thats all the room there is.Couldn't get any coldwater from the shower (usually other way around) had boiling hot water- couldn't take a shower!Our room was a bit noisy as pipes were outside our window which we couln't open, no view - it was a wall!Breakfast grand- fruit, yougarts, toast., cereal, what more would you want!Staff lovely, dont know if i'd stay there again but wouldn't mind if I had to!	
Oct 30 2006 	Good Location	Good Location. Stayed from 21-23.10.2006 and 26-28.10.2006. Check-in was fast. Room for the first time was a twin room in the basement with two single beds placed opposite each other. The second time was a room at the third floor with 2 single beds placed together. Both were clean and the beds were new so they were comfortable. Staff were quite helpful. Bathroom was small with a bathtub. Coffee making facilities were available. The hotel is located near 2 tube stations i.e. Bayswater ( 2 minutes walk) and Queensway (4 minutes walk). There are many restaurants nearby, The Four Seasons (duck rice), Suki (Japanese), Lebanese, Italian restaurants. Tesco and Boots are also nearby. Would consider staying here in the future for the location.	
Oct 25 2006 	Loved London not crazy about the hotel	First off, the staff at the Hotel was great. Very pleasant, helpful. Always ready to help. The room, well lets say don't try to stretch. Small is not the right word. The room was clean, but with two people there was no room. Suitcases had to be moved around, just to move around. Beds, were lumpy and worn out. They could use something on the walls to make it more attractive. There were larger rooms in the Hotel, but none were available. The photos in their web site are of the larger rooms. I realize the rooms in London or Europe are smaller then in the U.S. but this was ridiculous. The area, we thought was perfect. Quiet neighborhood, the next street over had lots of restaurants and shops. There are two different tube stops on the next street. And of course Hyde park is very very close. Can't really recommend this Hotel, unless you get the larger rooms. Not too sure how many there are. Ratings, I give it a 2 out of 5	
Oct 18 2006 	Much nicer than expected	After reading numerous negative reviews of this hotel (after we booked reservation) I was quite concerned about what awaited us. My concerns were quickly put to rest upon check-in. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. My travel companion and I are both smokers, so we were given a room on the lowest level.....next to the maid supply room. As we spent all of our time exploring London, this was not a problem. Breakfast was a lovely buffet, everything one could want. Items were constantly replenished.As to the room......yes, it was small. But perfectly adequate for 2 persons. Cleaned each day. Bathroom smaller than we are used to at Amercian chains. But again......who cares! We were there to see London, not a bathroom. No bed bugs, or any bugs at all in our room. We kept our window open at night....slight noise from tube,but again not worth all the negative comments I had read. No rumbling or shaking of room at all. Location could not be better. Half a block from Underground entry,so close to lovely Hyde Park, felt totally safe walking in area. Tesco close by for snacks.I would stay here again without reservation. Excellent value with the exchange rate in UK poor for US travellers. Dont spend a fortune on room when everything else is so pricey!	
Oct 18 2006 	Great Location	Very pleased with Hyde Park Towers. From reading other reviews, it appears the location of the room makes all the difference. We had a street-facing room with large window which was light and airy. Breakfast was above the norm for English hotels. Comprehensive continental breakfast with plenty of fruit and savouries. Very helpful staff and proximity to 2 tube stations means we'll use this hotel again.	
Oct 15 2006	Revolting	The only good thing I found about this hotel was the location and the hotel staff were friendly. Other than that, not that great. The room was tiny and I could barely fit my suitcase through the door. The bathroom was also tiny. Not only was the room small, I got bitten by bed bugs and my ankles were revolting. The only good thing about this was that my face was not bitten. Just the thought makes me feel ill.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great Location Great Value	I stayed one night and booked my stay ahead of time from the U.S. through a popular website. I got a VERY good price, so didn't have high expectations.The hotel lobby was nice. The room itself was the typical minature single room. Like others I had similar problems with the water. I could get hot water, but not much, so if added too much cold water to get a real stream, the water temperature would be too low. If I were staying more than one night I would have complained and asked to be moved to another room.The staff was very friendly. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is SO close to the Bayswater tube stop AND across from the tube stop is a Tesco metro, so I could buy food for cheap (which is good since the exchange rate for the dollar was about $2 for 1 pound sterling!)The neighborhood is clean and safe and full of great cheap restaurants and cyber cafes.Assuming you get a low price, this is a great value. If I had paid more I would have been disappointed in the room and shower issues.	
Oct 11 2006 	Stuffy in London!	We booked this hotel through [--] and we sure were glad we did! We paid 69 GBP a night, and when we got there they were charging 160 GBP for the same room! I think they gave us a subpar room to make up for our savings though! The room we were in had no window, or air, and while it wasn't overly hot, the air was so stuffy! And the walls were so thin! In the morning, the maids could be heard loud and clear screaming to eachother from the rooms. I actually called and complaned about them one day, because I thought it was a famiy! It was as clean as I could expect, and for 69 GBP, a steal-ours included a breakfast too, which wasn't bad. Overall, if your budget traveling, and are just looking for a clean place to sleep that is near the underground, and right next to Hyde Park, I would reccomend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2006 	Just OK	My mum (68) and I (36) stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in Aug. (a few weeks ago) and we would stay again. But don’t expect a 3 stars hotel, it deserves 2 onlyWell, my first impression was shocking: We booked our stay through a travel agency and so we shouldn’t pay again at the hotel. When we arrived, the lady in reception asked me to give her my credit card details (LOL) just in case we were going to use the telephone, meals, etc… I told her that I didn’t see the point of giving her my CC details in advanced; we would pay our expenses at the checking out as usual. Then she didn’t insist anymore.We booked a twin room and we asked if it would be a problem to stay in 2 single rooms (that was perfect for us, no complaint at all) :-)The staff was warm and friendly. There were free newspapers and magazines in reception everyday (complimentary) Breakfast was nice: continental, fruit, yogurts, cheese, ham, cereals, toasts, orange&amp; grapefruit juice, coffee, tea… and the staff was replacing the food &amp; drinks all the time.Some the chairs at the breakfast room were asking for being replaced ASAP too ;-)The rooms were clean and big enough, but very warm (there is not air conditioner or fans) They definitely need new carpets, curtains and throws. -Even the carpet in the ground floor, next to the lifts, was plenty of hols- Excellent location! The tube station (Bayswater) and restaurants, shops, etc just around the corner!Over all: EXCELLENT VALUE AND LOCATION! Definitely we would stay again (but maybe not in summer as the rooms were very hot)	
Jul 30 2006 	Worst Hotel EVER!	This hotel was one of the worst we have ever stayed in! We hadn't intended to stay here but a last minute mixup at our original hotel, meant we had to find a different reservation.While the staff was relatively friendly, the room was tiny, dingy, unkempt and unbearably hot. We were told that the room would sleep three people comfortably, but it was hardly big enough for a single person.In addition to the size and condition of the room, the tube (english public transit system) travelled right beneath the hotel, which meant it was consistently noisy and the walls shook.We would not recommend this hotel for any traveller. Other than our time at this hotel, we had a great vacation in the UK.	
Jul 26 2006 	Wouldn't recommend	Having stayed there for one night on a business trip, I would not recommend this hotel, I stayed in a single room (No.117) which was tiny it had a small window which looked out onto...nothing, ventilation was non existent (it was during the heat wave),and I got virtually no sleep, the hotel was also noisy.Anybody with a large frame simply would not have squeezed between the bath and the sink! The water was cold, which in the heat was irrelevant.I opted for the breakfast (unbelievably not included in the price of £120 p/n), this was the worst breakfast I have had in a hotel, the milk had skin on top! There was limited choice, and the service poor.The reason we booked this hotel was that there were no others available, (I now know the reason why we got in here)!Maybe the double rooms are better, but I can only say it like it is.	
May 29 2006	Great location Enjoyable place to stay	I stayed at this Hotel and had a great time. The price was great and the people were very helpful. Even though my single room was small, it was clean and quiet. The close proximenty to all transportation was great and there were many choices for meals in a 2-3 block area. Hyde Park is only 3 blocks away. I would stay here again!	
May 29 2006	Hyde Park Towers	Having looked at some of the previous reviews, I am wondering if any of the writers confused this hotel with the Hyde Park Inn (across the street) or another similarly named hotel - both of which were hostel type hotels. I arrived late at night. The reception desk was slow. I had booked a single room and had to drag my luggage thorugh some narrow hallways and down some stairs to get there. Within a few minutes I realised that there was water coming through the ceiling. There was no problem in changing my room and the receptionist helped with my luggage. The bed and room were clean. The hot water took some time to come through. I stayed for 3 nights. This hotel is very close to Bayswater tube station. My only problem there were the steps at the tube station to haul my luggage up. Breakfast was fine. My reservation had included breakfast and the receptionist said it didn't . When I challenged that, it was no problem and they did not charge me. The biggest problem was on the second night. The people overhead were very noisy. We asked at the desk if they could ask the people to be quieter and they refused saying&quot; it is our policy that guests have the right to do what they want while here&quot;. They offered a change in our room but it would have been very inconvenient at the time to do so. Next night was better. No real complaints at this hotel.	
May 21 2006 	great little hotel	I recently stayed at the Hyde Park Towers Hotel and I thought it was quite nice. I did only stay one night as I was on a training course with work. I booked through lastminute.com and found it very easy. I rang the night before to ask what time I could check in, I was told 3pm. I knew I was going to arrive aerlier than this so asked if I could arrive earlier and was advised if the room was ready I could or could leave my luggage if not. So I thought that was pretty helpful. I arrived at 1.30 and my room was ready which was great so I could check in straight away. I had a single room so I wasn't expecting it to be a big room and yes it was small but it did the job for me. It was clean, I had a nice little bed and tea/coffee and a telly. The bathroom was also small but again had everything you needed. The hotel is also right by Bayswater tube station which was great because I thought I would get lost trying to find it! I thought the area was really quaint, lovely victorian buildings and tree lined streets. If you are looking for a good value hotel which is easily accessible and has friendly staff then I would recommend this hotel. Might be a bit too small for families but travellers or people on business then its a great option. i noticed a couple of americans in the lobby asking for advice on where to go and the staff where very helpful and directed them on a map and had plently of trip guides as well. One other point, but I noticed that the prices at the hotel stated £140 a night single and £160 a night double! Just make sure you book through lastminute.com because I only paid £43 for a single room only. (I think breakfast is £5 more)	
May 15 2006	Outstanding	This was my first time traveling to london. A little scared after I booked the hotel and reading some of the reviews. Let's just say when I arrived I was pleasantly surprised. Outstanding safe location (I'm a female traveling alone), very fair rate, right by tube station and a cute (but small) room. I must say...I will definitely be staying at Hyde Park Towers again.	
May 13 2006 	Not that bad for this price....	I was staying in worse places for the same money, I actually called them up before I checked in and asked for a quiet room, since I wasn't in London just for fun. They honored my request, so I cant complain about the service. The room wasnt big, but to be honest, I had smaller ones in this city. It was clean and had a real bathroom. Thats about what you can expect in this price class. Get real people. Except for the worn out matress it was fine.	
Apr 10 2006 	Overcharged!	I paid for a colleague to stay there via lastminute[...] On arrival they said his booking hadn't come through, but that apparently happened frequently and they gave him a room.Next morning it was realised that I booked the wrong day, but instead of honouring the rate (I could have booked through lastminute again)They ripped us off by a further £22.This hotel is a crummy flea pit, run by crooks! Avoid at all cost.	
Mar 28 2006	Location Perfection	After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was skeptical about the reservation we made. However, after staying there for a week from March 20 to March 27, 2006, I can say the location made this place along with the price. I booked a package through Orbitz so I really have no idea what exactly I paid for the hotel itself. Having said that, I noted behind the front desk on check-in that the price for a double was 160 British pounds for a double (approximately $260.00), which would have made this place very overpriced. I know we paid in the range of approximately $120.00 to $130.00 a night with our package. This is all speculation as I said we booked a package.First of all, thanks to TripAdvisor I knew a few things, such as to ask for a room on the second or third floor because of the fact the tube runs directly underneath the hotel. We could still hear the trains rumble on the third floor! Not a big deal, since it was very faint. However, staying on the first floor (second floor in England) would not have been good. The problem is that the tube line in this area is close to the surface of the ground, and thus the problem. The room (Room No. 317-non-smoking) was not as small as I expected, and after peaking into rooms being cleaned, can say that the rooms are New York hotel size. We had a room in the front. You cannot open the window as the noise from the street will keep you up all night. I assume it would be more quiet in the back with the windows open, but I would not count on that in this area of London. The room was clean and fresh towels every day.The bathroom was very small, even by New York standards. It was the length of a bathtub (a nice plus I thought) but the sink was on the left and the toilet on the right. Technically, you could brush your teeth while sitting on the toilet. But, to my surprise, there was plenty of that all important shelf space for your toothbrush, and pesonal toilet items. There was also a nice shelf for such items at one end of the bathtub.Although advertised as &quot;recently refurbished,&quot; I can say that this would be considered false advertising. Everything was very worn from the chairs in the so called &quot;bar&quot; to the sofas in the reception. The bar is only technically that. There were times late night that a few people gathered to have a drink and chat and have a night cap, but the person at the reception was the bartender. The floor behind the bar was filthy as I noticed when I actually went up to order a drink after summoning the night clerk a/k/a bartender.As for the free continental breakfast, I have had better. The croissants were OK, but there was little else. Bread was medicore, a few apples rounded out the buffet. A couple of mornings my husband and I decided to work a short block over to Starbucks and have real coffee and a roll at a nominal price. It was a short walk and convenient. Of course, the real reason for staying here had nothing to do with anything I just mentioned. It is location, location, location. Next to Bayswater Tube station, across from Hyde Park, walking distance of Kensington and Chelsea area, with great restaurants in the area, it was the location that brought people to stay here from all over the world (and the price). The hotel had been full every night for weeks (and in the off season)! Would I stay here again? Maybe, based on the price. For location (I have stayed in this area before at higher priced places), there is no better deal. But, be prepared. You get what you pay for!	
Mar 17 2006	Very good area	This hotel is set in a very prime location.There is a the bayswater tube station located 3 minutes walk away.There is also a long stretch of shops and restaurants located a stones throw away from the hotel. There is also a fantastic shopping mall nearby.I am very pleased with this hotel as we paid 49 pounds per night for 4 of us. It was a very good deal and the rooms are descent sized.The staff was very friendly and there is a descent restaurant and bar next to the hotel lobby	
Mar 11 2006 	Just fine for a few days	I read up on the hotel after finding a last-minute deal and was a bit worried by the reviews. But, it turns out the hotel is perfectly fine. Like others have said, the location is absolutely great. Bayswater is fun and lively, and I felt completely safe. I loved the neighborhood and would absolutely recommend staying around there.The hotel itself is a budget hotel - so don't go expecting valet parking or chandeliers - but I found it to be clean, orderly, and a decent place to get a good night's sleep. Actually, I'm surprised anybody complained about the place -- for the price, I thought it was quite a steal. Then again, I am a frequent traveller and have wandered my way through some pretty remote parts of the world, so my standards might be lower than other reviewers'. I had a basement room with miniscule windows, but otherwise I couldn't find one single thing to complain about. The bathrooms were clean, my room was small but reasonable, the staff was helpful, the hotel was quiet (besides Tube running by, but my own apartment has more street noise than the hotel did) and the free breakfast was decent. I agree with one poster that you should try to get to breakfast early, as there is a bit of a stampede. Overall, no complaints for a cheap hotel - I would go back if another last-minute deal popped up.	
Mar 5 2006	It was fine	Just got back from London (2/21 - 2/26), and stayed at the Hyde Park Towers Hotel in Bayswater. The location is great, just 150 feet from the Bayswater tube, which is the Circle Line which gets you to most attractions without changing to other tube lines (e.g. it took 20 minutes to Big Ben/Westminster Abbey; 30 minutes to Tower of London). The hotel was panned here by a few people as unfriendly staff, etc. but we had a very pleasant experience. The staff was helpful and very friendly, the location great, the rooms were clean, the breakfast was plentiful and tasty. The only negatives were the crowd of people between 9 - 10 at the (included) continental breakfast (get there early); and they were having a problem with the boiler, so hot water was diminished after 8 am. Please note that the next street over (where the tube station is) is filled with shops and restaurants, and the area felt very safe. I'd definetly stay in Bayswater area again.	
Feb 21 2006	Disappointing	As we only paid 44.00 pounds per night I did not bother to make a complaint. However, the following areas were disappointing. I think as we requested a NO SMOKING room we had the one of the worst rooms in the hotel, it was below the pavement level and our window looked out onto a tiny courtyard(full of cigarette butts). It certainly felt claustrophobic, I asked if we could move and was given keys to 2 more rooms which were like shoe boxes. So we stayed put(room B28). We never had hot water, barely luke warm, the kettle was changed as the original didnt work, the room shook every time a tube came into the station. Breakfast was like a cattle market, not enough tables and chairs, very little choice of food items and what was there was low quality. I would not stay there again.	
Nov 17 2005 	Flea Pit	This is the dirtiest, smelliest, unfreindly horrible hoitel I have ever seen.The beds were urine stained then pillows were brown, and the carpet looked like a garage forecourt. Luckily, this was their best room!! I complained and never stayed, (rather stay on the street....) but they refused to recredit my card. Never, ever ever consider staying here.	
Nov 13 2005 	Low standard	Stayed at Hyde Park Towers at the end of October. First impression was bad because the room key didn't work. The receptionist implied I didn't know how to use it properly even though the maintenance guy couldn't open the door with the master key. I was moved to another room where the key also didn't work. Receptionist gave me 4 keys to the room and I was able to find one that worked.Receptionist on second day was better and that of the third was better yet.Room was tiny as expected. Had a room at the back which was noisy as there were some businesses with their entrance at the back. The window wouldn't shut properly so it seemed like anyone talking in the back alley was right outside my window. Required 50 pound deposit to turn on the phone. That's a first for me. Phone didn't work for the toll free number I was using so was forced to use the smelly (human waste) pay phone outside. Also tried the pay phone in the lobby with no luck.Breakfast was fine although staff sometimes seemed more interested in socializing amongst themselves which I found unprofessional. Generally I'm not that picky about hotels and prefer budget hotels to fancy places, but this was substandard. I was on my own so was prepared to lower the bar a little. Would never take wife or kids there.I would not go back.	
Oct 21 2005 	Not Too Bad	I stayed two nights and paid £45 per night As a single I expected a small room and this was the case. I do not think it would be any different anywhere else. Both room and en suite were clean with fresh towels and cleaned daily. Doubt you would want to spend time in room other than to sleep but why would youPrice included breakfast, selection of cereals, fruit juices, fruit. toast, coffee, youghurt. You could upgrade to cooked if required and prices not too bad.I did not find staff unfriendly, rather polite and helpfulLocation great ideal for everything	
Oct 9 2005	Not that bad!	Having read the previous reviews I was concerned that I had booked a real lemon but it's not all that bad, yes some of the staff aren't exactly customer focused (the nightwatchman however is very helpful) and you can hear the tube but as this stops running through the night it shouldn't keep you awake. The room was a reasonable size by UK standard and the bathroom was clean enough. We paid £50 for a double room which in London is hard to beat. Would I stay here again? definitely, would I recommend it to my favourite Aunt? probably not!.	
Sep 11 2005	it's allright at the right price	As most people have noted, it's just a short walk away from the bayswater tube station. This can be great for getting around town but it does have certain drawbacks. The vibrations due to the tube do transmitt to the lower floors of the hotel. So if you do get something on the lower floors, you might be in for a long night.... I did stay on the third floor with a window facing the back. Though the view wasn't pretty, it was a quiet little room. The rooms are small, but acceptable. I did manage to get a good deal for it at about £50 for a double which represented excellent value. Wouldn't really consider this hotel if I had to pay more than that though.	
Sep 5 2005	Look elsewhere!	There is a thing called customer service, which this hotel utterly lacked. In the last few months we have stayed in a number of hotels and, may I say, this is the only one I have had negative experiences at. If it is not the size of the rooms, it will be their unclean and stained surfaces, or their unrepaired water taps (only hot in shower), or smelly towels. The attitude of staff is just slightly better than that of management. The management is completely disinterested in providing ambience (aside from the little found at reception) or a pleasant experience. They lacked the ability to deal with smaller issues such as a refund of 10% for parking as represented, insisting instead that we write a letter of complaint on this subject to which we did not receive a reply or acknowledgement. The only interest this hotel has is in processing your payment, not really in seeing you return there again! Believe everything you read by previous guests; do not stay here for more than £45 and even then, shop around in the area. My next visit in London at £40 and £45 (per room, per night) was much, much more pleasant.	
Aug 26 2005	Hated Hyde Park Towers	What a shocker!!!! The room was the size of a closet and there was a bathroom inside that. The dirty bathroon is another story. The walls were grubby the pillow smelt like bad breath!!!!!! What is with that? The staff were rude and hovered around you at breakfast. My 4 day stay in London was almost ruined by the revolting Hotel. Ambience rating - zeroAlso my hair was ruined by the sub standard hairdryer that sucked my hair up inside itself.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Aug 11 2005	Cosy	The location was excellent- only 1 minute from Bayswater tube station. I stayed in a single first floor room for £40. The hotel was pleasantly clean and the room small but comfortable with good working shower and toilet. I couldn't hear any outdoor noise and slept soundly. Breakfast was continental buffet with cereal, fruit, cheese, pastries and coffee/tea, nothing special. However, the staff rang me up 15 minutes before noon to remind me to check out, and gave me glaring stares when I waited at the lobby afterwards for a friend. I might stay there again as long as it doesn't get any more expensive than £40.	
Aug 5 2005	They shipped the discounted travellers to smaller hotel!!	Just got back from London and am livid with this hotel! We arrived a bit early but they seemed very keen to check us in and take our payment upfront. Then the receptionist said there was a problem with the room and we were being transferred to another hotel by taxi. She was very cagey and wouldnt tell us what was wrong with the room other than we couldn't have it. Other couples waiting had been told the same and it transpired we had all paid the same discounted rate for our rooms. Other guests arriving from abroad who had paid full rate were warmly greeted and shown to their rooms. We waited almost half an hour for the taxi to arrive. The driver then drove us to a tiny b&amp;b and said there you go, and drove off. It certainly wasnt the 4 star hotel we were promised! We had no choice but to stay as we couldnt afford to pay the full rate for nearby better hotels.	
Aug 1 2005	Close to Underground the only good point	We stayed there for four nights on the london part of our honeymoon being so close to 2 different lines on the underground and the location is excellent i will give it that .After reading the reviews of some people on here I thought that is could not be all that bad and went to try it out .After getting to the hotel and getting down to our room up and down stairs as there are raised and lowered levels on each floor we found a shoe box sized room but this did not bother us as we were not spending that much time in there . It was the mould covering the bathroom the hairs found in the bed and the Fire Alarms that went off through the night (they were being Repeired the whole time we were there) and at 5 am having to get up and go down to the reception to be told they are just doing tests and not even getting a appology really made me cranky as well as the repair men having access to our room while we were not there and not telling us .Breakfast was OJ and a Roll and a bowl of Corn FlakesLook else wear in Bayswater for accom .	
Jul 28 2005	london 4 day break	just returned from 4 day break in london stayed at hyde park towers inverness cres. nice small hotel rooms cleaned every day breakfast good and cheap if u wanted to upgrade for extra. close to bus and tube.	
Jul 27 2005	good deal	I've stayed there for five nights. the room was small but we had clean towels everyday and the surroundings are nice. some pretty restaurants and two underground stations very close. Despite the fact that the underground line runs just under the building, you can live pretty comfortably. Paid 100 Euros per night for a twin room with bathroom...quite a good deal if you consider your very close to the centre. If I had to come back I would definitely choose it again. After all, no need to say that you get what you pay for, many places can be much more expensive without being in such a convenient location.	
Jul 19 2005	Clean but noisy	We stayed here for 3 nights in June 2005. First the good points. The rooms we had were small but clean. The beds were comfortable. We had a bath and TV. We were very close to the Bayswater tube station, and there were a lot of restaurants and stores within a couple of blocks. The problem was there is no air conditioning and it was quite warm while we were there. We had the windows wide open, and our room faced the street so we heard everyone who walked by, chatted, heard the garbage truck at 5 am. Then at 7am - and this was not the hotel's fault - the construction across the street began loudly. And due to jet lag we were having trouble with sleeping anyway, so the noise did NOT help.	
Jun 12 2005 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in	When I checked into this hotel the first room they gave me was right off reception and I could hear every word that each guest was saying. There was very loud inappropriate music being played in the reception. The music poured into my room which I am convinced was an old utility closet because there were black oil stains all over the carpet, it was TINY and there was a very loud extraction fan outside the window. No light was coming in through the window so in the middle of the day my room was pitch black. When I asked to move, the lady said all they had left were rooms in the basement. I went to have a look and although it was quieter (apart from hearing the buzzing of the subway below) it certainly wasn't any cleaner. There were cigarette burns all over the blanket and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been properly cleaned in a while. There was also no light coming in from the window and the television didn't work. I took it anyway because I would rather stay in a dirty hotel room than an oil stained utility closet anyday. I would never go back again.	
Jun 9 2005 	Dreadful	This hotel is an absolute disgrace. The rooms was dirty asnd very cramped. the beds was uncomfortable and had springs coming through. there was a constant rumble from the tube until 1am and started again at 0430! A complete rip off, avoid at all costs.	
Apr 12 2005	Location location location!!!	I upgraded to this hotel on an internet hotel/flight deal. I had read reviews previously and had some trepidation based on those. I understood that English hotels were often converted from row houses and the standards might not be what I was used to in the states.  With that in mind, The Hyde Park Towers was pretty basic lodging. The first night they were unable to put my son and me into the double room we had requested so put us into two singles on the same floor. His was an acceptable size but mine was minuscule. You had to sit sideways on the toilet or else straddle the pipe from the sink. The second night our room was much bigger overlooking the main street. The beds were on rollers so he moved his by the window. The continental breakfast was rolls, cereal, and juices but you could pay a few pounds more for a hot breakfast. The staff was helpful but the best thing was it's location to shopping, dining, parks, bus routes and two Tube entrances. As other reviewers said, who spends a lot of time in their room anyway??? If you don't have really high expectations, you likely won't be disappointed!!!	
Mar 1 2005	Close to the underground	We were expecting this hotel to be dreadful as it was booked as part of a package deal with our airfare. However, when we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised: it was quite plush, the staff were helpful, the room was clean and even had a tv and a bath. Indeed, we spent at least 5 minutes congratulating ourselves on our good luck. This was a little pre-emptive however. As we stood there, a giant rumble violently shook the room, knocking our belongings off the bedside table. As we looked at each other, our minds initially filled with images of the tsunami which had struck the previous week. Returning to reality, we looked outside the window and realised our ground floor room had a view of the subway ventilation shaft; and that the giant rumble was not a dramatic one-off but an experience to be repeated approximately every three minutes. Needless to say, we did not get very much sleep. We were very glad we were only booked to stay one night at this hotel, as it would have ruined our stay in London. That said, apart from the shaking and rattling, this was an otherwise pleasant hotel, in a convienient location, with a hearty breakfast.	
Feb 22 2005	Better than anticipated!	My wife and I stayed at the Hyde Park Towers from January 30 to February 3, 2005 as part of a vacation package deal. Just before flying out of New York, I read some of the negative postings that some individuals had written about the hotel and wondered what I had gotten my wife and I into. From the time we arrived from Heathrow till the day we left, we had nothing but a positive experience. When we arrived at the front desk, the receptionist took our luggage and held it safely until our room could be made up from all the people who were staying there for the weekend. This truly is an international hotel with people from all over the world converging here. Yes, the room (224) was small but that is to be expected when traveling overseas. As for the noise from the &quot;tube&quot;, it was negligible on the second floor. Everyone at the hotel went out of their way to make our stay as pleasant as possible. Some postings about the hotel complained about the continental breakfast of cereal, rolls, croissants, etc. but failed to mention that you could upgrade to eggs, sausages, etc. for an additional few pounds. As for the location of the hotel, it was superb. There are two underground train stations (Baywater and Queensway) within easy walking distance to take an individual to any part of London within a relatively short period of time. In short, if I were to return to London in the near future, I would not hesitate for one moment to return to the Hyde Park Towers.	
Dec 8 2004	Good location clean good service good breakfast	Over the years stayed in hotels in San Francisco, LA, Vegas, Washington,Chicago, Boston, New York, Singapore, Hong Kong, Sydney, Ayers Rock, Cairo, Dehli etc etc.Bit dismayed about the previous reviews having seen them after booking a stay for last weekend 4-5/12/04Been changes since previous reviews.Can confirm small rooms but not overly so. Fairly typical of London 3* hotels. Quite adequate and to be fair there is nothing the management can do.The rooms we stayed in 123 &amp; 133 were very clean. Bedding fresh and furniture not tired. Underground noise yes but I heard underground noise at Broadway shows! All part of London.Location was near Queensway on the Central Line and Bayswater on the Circle/District. Not intimidating area.Breakfast was first class and the staff very helpful. Had a good Italian 3 course meal in Queensway in the next street.Been visiting London for weekends for many years and would stay here again.	
Dec 7 2004	The worst Hotel I have stayed in	I stayed here recently and it was absolutley awful. We saw a mouse in our room and let the management know. It seemed that they did not believe us. We were in the basement and the room was tiny and not in the greatest condition. We came in one night to find that the bar was closing just as we came in, however there were some regular guest as the women behind the bar was chatting to them about previous times there. She would continue to go behind the closed bar and serve them drinks, when we enquired about getting a drink she was moody and told us the bar was closed and that the pub round the coener was still open.This is the worst hotels I have ever had the mis-fortune of staying in.	
Dec 1 2004	Great value hotel	I missed my train home to Manchester recently and had to find some where cheap to stay. I found online a hotel called the Hyde Park Towers, it was in a great location, was really clean. The staff were great as i had nothing with me and sorted out a toothbrush for me and a razor.All that for only £60 and the breakfast was quite good too. Great cheap hotel in London	
Nov 16 2004	would not go back	room and bathroom were tiny... the wardrobe was infront of window &amp; the room was so small you had no room for luggage &amp; if you wanted to open them you had to put on bed. everytime time a train went past it seemed like the room was shaking. the breakfast was very dissapointing &amp; plain. the location of hotel was central and the staff friendly but I will not go back to this hotel.	
Oct 28 2004	Fantastic	Excellent Location, room size more than adequate.(We never planned to stay in the room all day - and who would!)The staff were friendly and smiling, the room was clean and comfortable.Would definately go back. Have the others who have written reviews stayed in the same place?For the money I paid I just can't fault the place - really enjoyable time.	
Oct 20 2004	Not Too Good	Rooms and bathrooms were small as expected in London, but also run very down property. Beds were very uncomfortable, lift in hotel was very small and very slow. Breakfast is included in all rates, which consists of crossionts, rolls, creals, tea/coffee and juice only. No hot breakfast option, and breakfast room is small and overcrowded - bad set up. I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 15 2004	Very Disappointed	The Norfolk Towers looks very nice from the front and the entrance hall. However the room had an awful smell of chemicals and the wall paper was hanging off the wall.Due to the awful smell it was necessary to have the window open all the time. The description of the hotel claims it is in a quiet back street. The side of the hotel is on a quiet back street, but if you have a room at the front these are on a major bus route. I was woken at 5:30 every morning due to the traffic noise.I regularly stay in London on business and would not use the Norfok Towers again, there are far better hotels available for the same price.	
Oct 13 2004	Think again!	Close to the tube and Hyde Park but! ask yourself if it's worth it. We had a twin room and I've seen small rooms but these take the ticket and you can't swing a cat in the bathrooms. We asked what time the restaurant opened in the evening to be told rudely &quot;We're not really doing that tonight, we're too busy. It's more like room service.&quot; However! the menu said 'Restaurant', if it's not I suggest they remove all indications of one. So I had a diet coke, it was flat straight out of the bottle which makes me wonder how long they had it. The next day after we'd returned in the afternoon we found they hadn't put any towels in the bathroom and so called down to the desk to find out what had happened. They said that the delivery was running late and they should be here soon. Ok that's fine, waiting ... waiting. About an hour later we saw the linen truck pull up out the front. Waiting, waiting, we waited another hour till finally I went down to the desk and &quot;Oh yeah the towels&quot; and shoved a stack at me. We asked for some ice another time only to be told that it would cost 1 pound for a cup of ice ... 1 pound? it's frozen water! Everything seemed a major inconvenience to the staff. Would not recommend it.	
Sep 28 2004	Tiniest Rooms - Unfriendly Staff - Good Location	1st night room was crammed with 3 single beds, noisy lower level, subway and kitchen noise. Completely unacceptable!! Next room - still tiny, seemed to be cleaned although I felt the need to check bed and bathroom every time I entered the room. Bar is tiny, old and bartender awfully unfriendly - bottles old!! It is in every sense a BUDGET hotel although NOT INEXPENSIVE!Will not return.	
Sep 28 2004	Do not stay here!!!!	We arrived at Hyde Park Towers and thought it looked very nice but when we were given our room i almost cried....it was tiny, horrible and very dirty. The bed wasnt even a full size double, there was mould on the mirror and lampshade and the room was very dull. Every time a train went through the underground the room shook (basically every 5mins). We opened the curtain to let air through the window but found a brick wall. At night time we came back to the sound of a generator outside the room which created even more constant noise. The night porter was however very nice and switched rooms for us which did turn out to be much better. It is convenient to the tube and shops but there are much better hotels out there.	
Sep 21 2004	Bad hotel good location	I've stayed in this hotel for 5 days, in september 2004. the location is good: very close to the subway (Circle and District lines just around the corner and Central Line at the end of the road, 3/5 minutes distance), lots of restaurants (queensway is a busy street). Our room was really (and I mean REALLY) tiny and unbelievable small, with an equally small bathroom. during our stay, we could saw some better (and larger) twin rooms that face the front of the hotel (120, for example, on the 1st floor) that could be a much better option. besides that, the staff was friendly, and the breakfast was aceptable. i'll give it a ** just for the location, and if all you need is a safe/clean place to sleep then I guess this is a &quot;not-so-bad&quot; choice.	
Sep 11 2004	Do not stay here!	This hotel was booked for us through Creative Holidays in Australia. We were very dissapointed with the hotel overall. Rooms were small, everything seemed to hard for the staff, there appeared to be huge morale problems amongst the staff as they were often arguing with each other in front of customers etc, there was limited access to the bar, restaurant &amp; so called coffee shop. The nearby tube station created huge noise in our room and every time a train passed, we woke up!Despite advertising, the check in time was 1500hrs (3pm) not 2pm and when we arrived at 1pm (after a 13hr flight, we were told to go away and come back at 3pm!!We do not recommend this hotel to any tourist.	
Aug 20 2004	Not black... neither white		
Aug 8 2004	nice hotel/great location		
Jun 28 2004	Small but comfortable		
May 19 2004	Real friendly place to stay		
May 18 2004	would look else where		
Apr 17 2004	Hyde Park Towers Disappointing		
Jan 22 2004	Beware...		
Sep 3 2003	Don't do it		
Jun 24 2003	Laterooms price EXCELLENT		
Nov 16 2009 	très bruyant mais bien placé		
Nov 11 2009 	bruit!!		
Oct 13 2009 	Splendido piccolo hotel		
Oct 13 2009 	london in june!!!		
Sep 25 2009 	Bien pour 1 ou 2 nuits		
Mar 11 2009 	Camere piccolema lo consiglio!!		
Mar 4 2009 	absoluter Horror		
Dec 20 2008 	Ottima base per un weekend a Londra		
Aug 24 2008 	Un hôtel parfait pour le prix par nuit.		
May 3 2008 	A éviter		
Apr 5 2008	Absolut schrecklich!!!		
Aug 8 2007 	Lilliput !		
Apr 24 2007 	Excellente situation		
Mar 10 2007	Pas mal mais peut mieux faire		
