Nov 26 2009 	Small rooms	Nice lobby, good location to Oxford Street and Selfridges etc., Staff nice enough but not 5 star exceptional. Rooms are very small compared to similar hotels like Marriot Edgeware Road. Room service is very expensive. I think the 1/2 bottle of wine in the mini bar was about £20!!!! Overall a good location, but unless your company is paying I am not sure this is the best option in the area. Checked for good rates on getroomscheaper.com but the hotel prices seem to range significantly by £130 to £250 depending on when you are staying so do check other hotels in the same area to get the best rate.	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice Hotel	The hotel is situated in a good area if you are there for tourism. Staff is polite and nice, especially at the bar in the evening.Rooms are clean and confortable.The only thing is that at Breakfast they are probably understaffed during the weekend, we had to wait more than 15 minutes for 1 cappucino.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent Location. Few minutes walk to Oxford St. Just five minutes walk to Marble Arch 	We Stayed for four nights from Sept 9 - 13th. We reached hotel at 7.30am in the morning . After 20 hours flight you are so tired you just want to go to your room &amp; rest. Receptionist was so helpful, that we got our room by 9.30am. We were very happy with the service. Excellent Location. Just five minutes to Oxford Street. Breakfast in the hotel is very good. Worth the money. Room was very clean. Quite location. Selfridges food court is just five minutes from the hotel. We enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 30 2009 	Below my expectatoins	The hotel was OK, but not great. The food (breakfast) was particularly weak, not much choice, and rather plain. The room was small and &quot;old&quot; The location is great, close to everything, and that was important to me.	
Sep 27 2009 	The world’s most ridiculous basin plug	September 2009 – this was our second stay at this hotel (first stay was Feb 2008) and again it was for a weekend’s trip to London for the theatre and exhibitions. It is in an ideal location for a visits to London (5 minutes from Oxford Street and Tube stations).Staff are always helpful and couteous.This time we had a Business Class room (406) and again it was comfortable and well- appointed (iron + ironing board, safe) – we particularly liked the coffee machine.Our package included breakfast which is good – plenty of variety from the healthy options (plenty of fruit) up to the full English. Once seated, we were never rushed, even though it was extremely busy.The one (major) irritant was the ridiculous basin plug. To fill the basin you have to raise the plug and to empty the basin you lower the plug. This (to my mind) is counter-intuitive. The plug is immediately below the tap so the incoming water has a tendency to push the plug down and so allow the water out. Once you have managed to fill the basin (usually after several attempts) because the plug is high in the basin it is not easy to use. If you scoop water out to rinse your face (say) and you create too much turbulence or hit the plug it goes down and the water empties out. We had a more normal system in the room of our earlier stay.Overall a good hotel for Visiting London.	
Sep 23 2009 	Terrible service and filthy rooms	Firstly let me tell you about reception. I am in a good place to judge as it took me 3 attempts and 1 hour before I finally got a room. When I arrived I had to wait for 10 mins to check in as there was a queue which was not surprising given that I was checking in at 7pm which is normally a popular time. However when I got to the desk the concierge without acknowledging me went over to the receptionist and started arguing with her about a taxi he had been asked to call for a customer. I waited another 2 mins whilst they bickered and eventually was asked my name. I was given my key and directed to my room.When I arrived I discovered I had a room opposite the lifts and the ice machine (always a good spot for a comfortable nights sleep – not) and also that I was in a single bedded room. When I book my rooms I always book a double room for single occupancy and this is what I had on my confirmation. I went to reception and waited another 10 mins for service. During this period I was treated to the concierge lecturing one of his team on recording his overtime. I know it is difficult but surely such conversations should be had out of the hearing of guests!When I got to talk to the second receptionist and asked for my double room I received a quite indignant lecture from her on the “policy” of the Radisson being to always give a single room to a single person. When I showed her my confirmation she relented but was clearly not happy I had not agreed to follow her policy. This was despite my paying a double room rate.Up in the lifts again – I then arrived in I think what are call their oriental styled rooms. This just means a big wooden painted headboard (which I doubt is comfortable) and a lacquered table. However, the room was disgusting. The table was stained. The floor was stained and the carpet was so bare in places there were gaps exposing the floor. The shower was dirty and the fan above the shower was thick with dust. I rang reception to complain and was asked to go back down.Third time down I was preparing myself for the usual 10 minute wait and for the insights of the concierge but fortunately the first receptionist spotted me and gave me a key to a new room. Back up in the lifts again. The third room was cleaner than the first although it had marks over most of the paintwork and an opened shampoo bottle in the shower. Frankly though I was so exhausted with the whole process I thought I would just stay put and turned the lights on. Only to discover only one of the three lights worked. I called reception to be treated to a lecture on the Radisson “policy” of every day checking the lights worked. At the end of this I was then offered another room but I would have to go back to reception which I could not stand or they would send an engineer. He arrived after 10 mins and changed the bulbs which were not working.There were some positives. I could not face going out after it took me so long to checkg in so I ordered room service and had the most delicious bolognaise. It came with spaghetti rather than the tagletelli I had asked for but in any event it was fabulous. However on top of the price advertised for room service I was also charged a £3 tray charge!!!The barman was nice and very knowledgeable letting me sample wines before selecting a glass and the breakfast was lovely.However – I would not stay there again for all the tea in China. In my opinion they need to focus more on service than on the CSR messages they have around the hotel including a television channel which tells you all about Radisson and its policies. Also no way is this four star. The three rooms I had were all worst than you would get in a Travel Inn. Save your cash and go somewhere else - unless you have fond memories of Basil Fawlty and want to experience a similar level of service.	
Sep 22 2009 	Perfect location nice rooms	I visited this hotel last week with my husband and another couple. We had booked two rooms for 2 nights, on BB basis from a travel agent in our country and we were upgraded for free to business class rooms. The receptionists were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious, modern and very clean with king- sized beds and all the amenities you may expect from a 4 stars hotel. The business class rooms include free wi-fi, bathrobes and the wonderful nespresso machine that you will find in every hotel of the Radisson chain. Just make sure to buy water from a kiosk, since it costs 3 pounds per bottle (500 ml) in the hotel. The restaurant was fine and the breakfast buffet was superb for the english standards. The location is perfect! It is very near the hyde park, the Oxford street and the underground station (Marble Arch). I would definately stay there again in a future trip in London.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great location Free wifi (in Business Class) Great Breakfast included in Room rate	This hotel has a great location near Marble Arch, Selfridges, M&amp;S, and the U.S. Embassy.The hotel has several Business Class Rooms and you would be advised to upgrade to as the room rate includes Free Wifi and a Great Breakfast, that is the Full English Breakfast if you wish or lighter,familiar Scandinavian offerings. Very friendly Staff with a &quot;Yes I Can &quot; attitude every day.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fabulous stay and would come a gain	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of August and really couldn't fault it in any way. Booked as part of an all in theatre package we were delighted with the standard of our room - large, large bathroom, spotless and very quiet! (Was very surprised at the last two reviews complaining about size and noise). The staff were all very pleasant and helpful, the inclusive breakfast was SUPERB! Location was ideal too - we are not particularly easily impressed, but we really were delighted with this hotel, and would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Hotel Sorella Houston	Ok folks if you like to rent a Box with Box like furniture, this is one is for you.Nestled in a Box like Complex, Reminds me of a Large Public Housing in the North East	
Aug 26 2009 	Noisy noisy noisy	Nice hotel but, oh my god, was my room noisy. The noise from the street was appalling and affected my sleep. Not nice when I had to do a presentation first thing in the morning.Beds weren't great either a thin mattress on a rock hard base. I like hard beds but this was just uncomfortableSo no sleep for me.I can't give this hotel a good rating after having no sleep for 2 nights. Just can't.	
Aug 18 2009 	Anniversary Upgrade	My wife and I were in London for our first anniversary, and booked a standard double at the Radisson SAS on Portman Square. On arrival, we had been upgraded to a junior suite with champagne and strawberries! This happened because my best man had been into the hotel to drop off an anniversary card for us the day before, and mentioned that we were on our anniversary. We were then automatically upgraded, with no extra cost for the champagne or strawberries either! The room was fabulous, absolutely huge, with separate lounge, and a separate dressing area.Thanks you Radisson - will be staying with you again. As a tip, if on anniversary or honeymoon, always ask the question of an upgrade!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel - highly recommended!	Cannot rate this hotel and its staff enough - stayed for one night with my wife to take in a show. Firstly, we were upgraded to Business Class by a very polite and freindly staff member (Anthony). The room itself was amazing , heated floors, mini bar, safe etc! The complimentary wine and chocolates just topped everything off. The location is perfect, would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 24 2009 	Perfect for shopping and siteseeing	This hotel is 3 minutes walk from Oxford street , 5 minutes from Bond street metro and 5 minutes from Hyde park ! Perfect location , couldnt find a better one in London. In a nice quiet area , and yet 10 minutes walk from resturants and bars. it may not look like the nicest hotel in the world from the outside , especially if you are coming at it from Portman square ,and it is definitely more of a business hotel than a leasure hotel but the rooms are clean and very comfortable.Very good value for such accomodation right in the centre of london city. i would book this hotel , again and again ...Especailly after numerous accomodation disasters in London on previous occasions!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great value and excellent service.	I am writing only one review but used this hotel both in September and then again in October last year-2008.Service was excellent. Met all my needs. Limo service was reasonable and excellent there. Both to airport and theatre.Location: I picked it for its location, and it was perfect for my needs. Near Oxford Street ( walking distance) and Bond Street.What I liked about my suite:I fell in love with the espresso machine. A particular brand they use. Also loved in the suite-quiet bedroom- and living room---Service: I love that they responded when I realized I was returning to London again in Oct., to my request for softer pillows ( they did not have them in September) and found some new soft pillows for my Oct. stay.( My second choice was not much different and twice the cost, dollar to pound being a problem then ...so I was happy not to waste money and stay there again).Suite, cont; Loved pillows once changed in Oct, bedroom with a very large bed, ability to use internet ( had to be wifi, check their web site) in bedroom. Desk in bedroom... (I believe a desk-it certainly served as one.)Amenities: espresso machine Wifi - use of net in bedroom and living room. As already mentioned above. I don't recall all of them — room service had hours that fit my needs... I probably did ask them to print my e-ticket for my flight and boarding pass-I usually do that. Rather short trips, both--service was consistently excellent, polite. One time called down and had to revert to French ( no idea how I managed that) but — that was an exception. Limo and service staff there at that point last year 2008- were great. No complaints, in fact they went above and beyond. What I liked best: The hotel was absolutely open and willing to help me and to meet my needs, including changing the pillows for my second stay. In Sept. it was a matter of 2-3 days or so-I did not have time to ask. When I realized I was returning in October to London-before returning there, I asked, could they please find or buy softer pillows, and they were completely willing to help me. If they had not-I would have paid for the double the cost second choice. They are to me relatively equal chains in the US, not sure why the other was so much more expensive. So-hearing my needs and being absolutely willing and helpful in meeting them, what I liked best. And-related to that - a quiet suite, quiet bedroom, use of computer in bedroom, and even a desk ( if it was a table, same thing-served as a desk, I believe it was one) in bedroom. It usually tends to be in living room-I prefer it in the bedroom. In any case, I recall the stay (both even the first with hard pillows) as very pleasant, no problems at all.What I liked least: all I can think of is that the pillows were hard-but they fixed that and found soft down pillows for my second stay there. Cannot honestly remember anything I disliked other than the pillows, which were fixed for me when returning in October.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good value in London	A very good option for London. Priced in the mid range, the hotel offers well equipped rooms of decent size, good food, and a great location.It's a few blocks from Oxford Street and Hyde Park, and not more than a 15 minute walk from many other popular spots. For the location alone, I would consider the Radisson good value for money.	
May 26 2009 	Great Hotel excellent position	Situated just around the corner from the Mable Arch tube station. Literally 5 minutes walk from Hyde Park. No traffic noise at night, although we were on the ninth floor.Checkin quick and painless. Allowed into our room even though we were early. Were upgraded to a business room. A fantasic coffee machine in the room. Also, iron plus board, hairdryer, kettle, mini bar, tv with sky, safe and a good selection of quality shampoos, soaps etc.Breakfast good quality and plentiful.Would definately use again, especially at just over £40 each for bed and breakfast AND a free upgrade.	
May 24 2009 	Good hotel in great location	Stayed in Business Room for 3 nights. Very quiet - room and bathroom very clean. Breakfast was excellent and no need for lunch. Room service dinner delivered quickly and food hot. Plenty of room for working. Very short stroll of Oxford Street and taxi rank outside. Would stay again.	
May 20 2009 	Great room nice breakfast good price	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights because of a folk concert i. It's really in the centre, 2 minutes walking distance from Oxford Street. We had a beautiful, very large room. Wifi is included. Breakfast buffet was extensive and good. A friendly waiter brought us to our table and served coffee. Fitness was also included and better than expected.	
May 11 2009 	Great Ambience	We were staying in this hotel as a part of our business review meeting. This hotel creeps up on in the middle of london city and the 1st thing that dawns upon you is how peacefully the hotel's surroundings are vs the hustling busling city...The hotel has all the amenities that one comes to expect of a radisson, however the food choices were restrictive for vegetarian.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great location great value small but clean room	Got a great deal for a single night at this hotel (£63 bed only) for the two of us. We had a standard room which was quite small but modern and clean. Check in was fast and efficient and being a weekend it was a quiet location. Plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby and really easy access to Oxford Street, Marble Arch and tube links. Had some lovely evening walks through the back streets of Marylebone - which are home to some incredible buildings. Plenty of places to have breakfast if you have not booked this at the hotel. We would recommend this for hotel, especially if you can get a cheap deal like us.	
Mar 22 2009 	Close to Oxford Street - ideal for shopping	My experience in London had been - small tiny old crappy hotels at overrated prices! So I was very anxious to come and book the right hotel. This hotel actually was beyond my London hotel expectations at a half way decent rate :) location:the hotel is at the end in the west of Oxford Street - a bit off SOHO partying places, though you still can walk home (20 minutes) or take the night bus which are about 3 stops. Oxford street is about 50m - 2 minutes walking away. MArble Arch underground station can be reached within 5 min. walking. Bond Street underground is a little further away, though if you plan arriving with luggage - I recommend Bond Street as it has escalators, which Marble Arch has NOT!room:I received an upgrade to a business room. Regarding size and standard I was very happy. Though the carpet could receive an update - it is closley before that I would dread walking barefooted. As I said, still ok. Bed was comfortable. I had a King Size bed. Room was clean and spacious for London standards! service: I was very happy with the service, very friendly staff. I requested an extra tooth brush - and it was there in no longer than 5 minutes. a big plus is the free of charge WiFi!	
Mar 9 2009 	Could be better...	We stayed at the SAS Portman Square for one night in March. Check in seemed to take forever with only 2 desks open on a Saturday afternoon. I did ask for 2 rooms on the same floor to accommodate my sister-in-law who was in a room on her own - I cannot believe in a hotel of some 272 rooms they were unable to find two rooms on the same floor - the hotel certainly wasn't full!Our room was very basic and not what we would have expected from a 4* Radisson Hotel. I will add we stayed at this hotel some 4 years ago and had what I recall to be a Scandinavian themed room which was very nice indeed - goodness knows what theme we had, it must have been a B&amp;B guesthouse! It desperately needed modernising and was incredibly small.The lobby area was very nice though, as was the bar etc although the drinks were extortionately priced.Breakfast was not included in our package - although it was offered to us at £18 each for a Continential type. Instead we found a lovely cafe and had a full English breakfast for £5 each!I would only stay at this hotel again due to its location and the fact that we were able to park underneath the hotel. If I did stay again I would ask for a particular themed room.	
Feb 14 2009 	A good hotel if you can get a cheap deal.	My wife and I stayed here on the 13th of February for one night. We managed to get an excellent rate on LM at £65 for a standard room. No complaints about that, especially given the location. Check in was very quick and pleasant, the room we were given on the second floor had no view, but we didn’t need one – if we were staying for longer it might have been a problem.The room we had was standard business hotel set-up, but it was a decent size with plenty of space for luggage and shopping bags. A few small things niggled – the carpet was looking worn, the basin in the bathroom didn’t drain very quickly and the blue light on the front of the mini-bar stayed on all night long. There was also a lot of noise coming from the heating/air-conditioning system. However, those minor points aside, the hotel was acceptable, breakfast was very good and the staff were all pleasant.If we had been paying the full room rate I would have been less impressed. The Radisson on Portman Square is fine, but if you are paying regular rates I would recommend the Millennium Mayfair Hotel which has, arguably, an even better location and is a step up (for similar prices).Liked – Price (if you can get it), breakfast and locationDisliked – Tired, average room.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great location / breakfast!!!	PROSGreat location in London with only a short walk to Hyde Park and Oxford / Regents Streets (main shopping area)... breakfast was robust... fairly accomodating for business travelers... right by a double decker bus tour pickup... CONSShower was dated... breakfast was expensive... loud at times with a convention downstairs (even from the 3rd floor!?!?!)... I would defintely recommend to anyone traveling to London...	
Feb 5 2009	Tired and a touch shabby!	We stayed here for two nights (two rooms - a double and a twin) on a quick break to shop and go to the theatre. The hotels' position is its' greatest asset - a few minutes walk from Selfridges / Oxford Street (no taxis needed here!). We got a fantastic deal which included breakfast by shopping around on the internet - absolutely no need to pay anywhere near full price. Although clean and tidy the hotel needs a facelift - the rooms are very average in just about every aspect you can think of but breakfast was superb. Concierge and portering services were excellent. The area is generally pretty quiet and 'noise free'. Better than the cheap, budget hotels for very little more expense. Worth it if all you need is a clean bed and bathroom!	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent stay	The hotel is a few minutes walk from Marble Arch Underground, and is very convenient for all the shops in the West End of London. Check-in (and -out) was extremely efficient, and I was upgraded to a Business Class Room which was very clean, comfortable, warm and quiet, and where there was lots of space. The en-suite had a much-appreciated heated floor.The breakfast buffet was more than adequate,and although prices for alcohol, etc., are high, this is to be expected from a high-class London hotel.I would recommend this hotel. It needs a bit of modernising, but that did not detract from the stay.	
Jan 1 2009	Friendly but tired	Booked for one night to spend New Years Eve in London.Great location near Oxford Street but sadly dated and in much need of a facelift, especially the public areas. Booked a double but upon speedy and friendly check-in were told we'd been upgraded to business class. This included free breakfast and robes. Woohoo! But, upon entering the spacious room we found it to be a twin. Alarmingly it also had a glass door to the bathroom which was frosted, except for a one inch strip around the door's wooden frame through which you would easily be able to see any occupant of the bathroom using the toilet! Hardly an appealing design feature.Reception eventually found us a double, but in the process we lost our robes and breakfast... we tried hard to cling onto our 'full English' but they weren't budging. Our new room was functional and clean, but small. Anyone on a longer stay in London to shop, and with lots of luggage, would have few places to store their purchases and would be struggling for floor space within a day or two.Arrived back from NYE fireworks at 1am, with parties in full flow in neighbouring hotels and buildings, after a long and tiring walk from the Embankment and looking forward to relaxing in the bar with a nightcap before going to bed only to be told &quot;Sorry sir, I'm closing the bar.&quot; Okay, so retire to the room and order a drink through room service, and get transferred to the bar to be told &quot;Sorry sir, I'm busy closing the bar up, it's going to be 10 or 15 minutes.&quot; Okay, rub my nose in it. It took 30 minutes, and on top of the long wait I was billed £4 extra for the privilege.Overall on the plus side, the hotel was clean and pleasant, the staff were friendly and helpful, the hotel's wi-fi was free (I object to hotels and resorts charging me exorbitant rates to use their wireless network), parking was almost on site with a doorway connecting the hotel to the neighbouring NCP car park where guests get a 20 percent discount. Not a bad place, and with some investment could be a great hotel.	
Jan 1 2009 	See-through bathroom doors !	We booked a one night stay here for New Year's Eve to go and see the fireworks. Location of the hotel was great and for a central London hotel for the price it was good value and suited our purpose. We booked a double room through Last Minute and although we were pleased to get upgraded we were upgraded to a twin Business room. In order to get a double room we had to down-grade and then lost the complimentary robes and free breakfast. Before we moved to the downgraded room we discovered that the bathroom doors in the Business class rooms have see-through doors ! Now whoever would want to design the rooms like this ?! Literally the glass around the edge of the insert of the door is clear glass so you can clearly see anyone sitting on the loo as you walked past. Freaked out my boyfriend, disturbed me and hence we were willing to forego the complimentary fluffy robes and free breakfast and down-grade to a room in the other block which was much smaller and the corridors smelt of smoke but you could go into the toilet in private ! Other downside was we were charged £4 room service when we ordered two drinks....which was cheeky after they promised the drinks in 5 mins and then they were eventually delivered in about 30 mins. Otherwise stay was good and check-out was at noon which was good after a late night out.	
Dec 15 2008 	Avoid the Standard rooms	Terrific value - booked through Lastminute.com but as is always the case this value was tempered by the poor quality room that we were given. After a very quick complaint - I had to go down to reception as the phone did not work - I was upgraded to a better room - what a difference. If you are going to stay at the Portman Sq. Hotel insist on an executive room otherwise expect a pretty low quality 3Star experience. Having said the above, the location is excellent - 2 minute walk to Marble Arch. the Executive rooms are well kitted out and the hotel was clean and well presented. If you can get a deal stay here, you will not be disappointed especially if you have experience of other London Hotels (on the cheap!!!)	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Location	I stayed at the RDSAS Portman for two nights at the end of November/beginning of December. The hotel is located conveniently next to Marble Arch and Oxford Street is within walking distance of the hotel. (Approx 4 minutes) A taxi from Paddington Station, one of Heathrow Express' stops, took only a few minutes as well. My first impression was that the exterior could need an update, however the warmth of the lobby area quickly erased those thoughts. It was a bright, smart and beautiful area decorated for Christmas the way only the Brits can do. Check-in was great, a genuine hospitality from the receptionist Abdul whom greeted me that evening. The hallways of the hotel were actually VERY nice, bright and airy. My room was, as the case with most hotels in London, a bit small compared to what I'm used to from other Radissons. I had a Business Class Double yet the room felt a bit worn. That being said, I felt comfortable in it and the bed was great! The restroom was however refurbished and felt inviting. The Nespresso-machine on my desk was great too! On the morning of my departure, the hotel got me a car to T5 at Heathrow as I had to leave the hotel at 5am, and I left thinking this is a place I could return to without doubt, although I still maintain Park Plaza Riverbank as my alltime favourite in London. (Just make sure to get the Executive Class with Riverview) Thanks for the stay Radisson	
Nov 30 2008 	Very mixed experience - not up to usual Radisson standards	The Radisson &amp; I didn't get off to a great start - the porters watched me get out of a car with huge bags and no-one offered to help me in. The receptionist greeted me with bored indifference &amp; I was checked into an 8th floor room, but sadly very tatty with badly stained curtains &amp; poor lighting.There were only 4 coat hangers for a full week stay.I had a series of irritating service issues during the week &amp; came to the conclusion that the staff didn't accept ownership for resolving things once reported.My newspaper was only delivered one morning out of five, in spite of constant complaints. I was given the excuse on the first morning that it had been stolen! My morning call always came ten minutes early &amp; then I proceeded to get an irritating series of follow up calls. On one morning I counted 6, plus a personal call asking whether I'd received a call! On my final day I'd asked for a call an hour later but of course no-one acted on my request so I missed my lie in.The only light of the week was the quality of the breakfast &amp; the excellent breakfast chef who seemed delighted to make me porridge each morning &amp; did so with charm.He demonstrated what good service looks like. It is a shame that others don't follow his lead.I often stay at the Radisson @ Stansted Airport which is usually excellent. The management of the Portman Square need to pull their socks up!	
Nov 4 2008 	Excellent 'Best End' Hotel	The location of the Hotel is excellent, the Best End of Oxford Road. Near enough to carry your bags back from the abundance of top stores, but in a very quiet location with no traffic noise. The hotel has it's own private tennis court, in a small park. Where else could you play tennis in W1? For the keep fit clientelle, there is a gym, sauna and steam room. But, lets start with check in. Within seconds of arriving, our luggage was collected and we were advised to park in the very safe NCP beneath the Hotel. ( for cheaper parking with a discount card, ask the Consierge ) Check in was very quick, the staff were pleasant and efficient.The atmosphere in the reception area was relaxed and calm, with many people chatting over afternoon tea. Our suite was 5 star and immaculately clean and tastefully modern. The king size bed was very comfortable and both the pillows and bed linen were of good quality. It made for a very comfortable night's sleep.. We had Free Internet access and a good choice of TV programsfrom all over the World.Great start to the day was the breakfast buffet. The huge choice of food was excellent, very hot and very tasty. The large selection of fruits were regularly topped up, to ensure freshness. They serve late, so do not miss the breakfast here. For our evening meal, we asked the Consierge to book us into an Italian restraunt. Within ten minutes, we were enjoying an aperitif in a genuine family run Italian. That's sevice for you. There are several small, very reasonably priced, good restraunts available within a few minutes walk from the Hotel, just ask the Consierge for advise on French, Chinese, Mexican &amp; Indian. We went to the Dominion Theatre to watch 'We will rock you'.It was about a 15 minute walk along Oxford Street. The Christmas window displays at Selfridges were fantastic to see.But, any Theatre you are going to in the West End is very easily accesible from the Radisson. Taxis are £7-£8 to most of them. The Hotel is also within easy walking distance to many of the major attractions in Central London. Marble Arch is 2 mins &amp; Hyde Park 5 mins away. The Tour buses start from here, so you can get the best seats.The Hotels position is great for everything, shopping, theatres, eating, sightseeing. It feels safe and gives you a feeling of security in the City. With 100's of Hotels in London, it's always a worry which to choose, but you will not be disappointed with the Radisson SAS Portman Square.	
Oct 23 2008 	Can't beat the location - hotel slightly dated	I stayed here for work Oct. 13 - 18, 2008.As I always say in my reviews. Cleanlines is the most important thing to me in a hotel, follwed by service and amenities, location and room size. Let me start by saying the hotel seems to cater to the business traveler. Most of the guests appeared to be there on business and it appeared that a lot of business meetings were being conducted in the lobby. So if you're looking for a family friendly hotel, I didn't get the feeling this was family oriented hotel.The location is really great. Just off Portman Square (a nice park right by the hotel). A couple of blocks from Oxford street and all kinds of shopping and dining places. Great for people watching and getting some good food.The room itself seemed a bit dated and could probaby use some upgrading. It was however very clean and comfortable. The bathroom definitely was date and the water pressure was ok at best. Taking a shower did require some patience. The bed was comfortable and the room came with wifi included which was a nice bonus. My rate did not include breakfast but could have been purchased for 18 GBP a morning. (a bit steep but it is London)Would I stay here again? Maybe, but only if I couldn't find anything better. Pros: Location, Location, and Location. Stay was generally helpful as well.Cons: Room was a bit dated and water pressure in the bathroom was not very good.	
Sep 15 2008 	Lovely stay	We stayed at the above hotel for a weekend after booking it last minute. It is situated near to Marble Arch tube station and is just a 2 minute walk to Oxford Street.Our room was a standard room on the 11th floor, but was a nice size, very clean, had a balcony, very quiet and the bed was very comfortable.Staff in the hotel could not have been more helpful with check in, extras for the room and allowing us a late check out when my Husband had to work on Sunday. On one day I had breakfast in my room and the quality was excellent, food was hot, and plenty of it. I would return for another stay at this hotel as nothing was too much trouble for the staff.	
Sep 3 2008 	great location	I stayed at this hotel for one night only but I can highly recommend it. Five minutes walk to Selfridges and Oxford Street.On arrival, the gentleman on the reception was extremely helpful and friendly, including someone called Chris who gave me all thecorrect information. I was upgraded to a business room, which was bright and of good standard, with coffee/tea making facilities, internet access, good toiletries, slipper &amp; dressing gown, and a morning newspaper outside my door. The area although close to Oxford Street was quiet with no traffic noise.The choice of tv stations was good. I would not hesitate to stay here again, particularly because all of the staff who were most helpful and well mannered. I would recommend it to anyone who wishes to be close to the shopping and wants a comfortable hotel room.	
Jul 5 2008 	Needs a refurb...	Rooms a bit shabby, stained carpets cracked tiles. TV and aircon not working properly, overpriced. more like a 3 star hotel...	
Jun 3 2008	Very good stay	We arrived and were warmly welcomed by &quot;Matthieu&quot; at reception. He gave us a great room on the 9th floor, knowing that we had won the overnight as part of a London prize package. A great start to our stay! The rooms are nice-sized. We didn't have a real &quot;view&quot; but it was nice to have big windows and not look straight into another building. Our room was clean, nicely decorated and we appreciated the tea and special coffee/espresso machine. The morning breakfast buffet looked excellent (we took a peek!) but we were in a bit of rush to tour before checking out so didn't indulge. The location is terrific. Very easy walk to Marble Arch and about town. Thanks again to Matthieu for making sure we had a very positive impression of the Radisson Portman!	
Jun 3 2008 	Its ok !	This is an ok hotel. Not fantastic, not great. Just average really.The location is good if you like quiet, but central. Its off the mini park which is Portman Square and the road out front isnt a main thoroughfare, so its quiet enough. However all the restaurants and cafes shut early around it, so if you looking for food and drink in walking distance you may struggle later in the evening.The rooms are ok. Looking tired in my opinion. I stay at Radissons quite a lot and you can tell it needs a refurb. Not dirty, not modern, just a bit out of date and worn, with little things like the hairdryer coming to bits in the bathroom simply as it had been well used.Bar is ok, but look out they like to keep your change !	
Jun 2 2008 	Very good	On our last couple of trips to London we've stayed at the City Inn in Westminster which is generally a good hotel. This time fancying a change we selected the Radisson SAS in Portman Square. Despite being ranked many places below the City Inn we felt it to be, overall, a superior hotel.The location would be considered better by most people. The Radisson is less than 10 minutes walk to Oxford Street and our favoured eating area of St Christopher's Place. It is also within 30 minutes walk of Lord's Cricket Ground, Hyde Park and Regent's Park. Whilst not relevant for us, the hotel was passed regularly by all the London tour buses as well as several normal bus routes.As for the hotel itself, there wasn't too much you could find fault with. Our superior room was of a good size, nicely furnished with everything you could need for a weekend break. It was obvious that whilst this is not a brand new hotel it has been very well looked after as you would expect from Radisson SAS.We didn't make much use of the bar and restaurant other than having breakfast on Sunday morning. This was included in our rate (which we'd recommend doing as the published breakfast price of £17.50 is difficult to justify in any hotel). The buffet laid on was very very good and miles better than the City Inn and indeed most other European hotels we've stayed in - in fact it wasn't too far away from being as good as the breakfast found in some Asian hotels.All in all, in our opinion, a good choice for a London hotel which really should be ranked much higher than it is.	
Jun 2 2008 	Should be the 'SAS Travel Lodge'	I do stay at SAS's, usually on business and also to gain points on my SAS Eurobonus card, so the reviews on this site plus hotel pictures and a rate that wasn't too bad (£158 inc breakfast for a business class room) persuaded me to book for a 1 night stay. Check in was swift, but I was disappointed with the room. It was supposed to be a business class room, but compared with other SAS’s the room was tiny, it reminded me of a Travel Lodge!The mini-bar was half empty, we didn’t get our morning newspaper, the bathroom was weird – the toilet and washbasin were really low down! The air-conditioning didn’t work properly either.There is a gym, but it’s tiny. It closed at 2pm on Saturday!The bed was comfortable, the room and hallway quiet. The location, just near Marble Arch / Selfridges / Oxford Street is very good though. Breakfast spread was typical SAS – excellent.Wouldn’t stay here again – nothing bad, but just not a great experience!	
Apr 1 2008 	Great in every sense	We stayed three people over the easter weekend in a business class room, which I guess was bigger than other rooms and included breakfast. Not very cheap, but still great value for money considering London prices. First of all, the location is just perfect with everything within walking distance. The room was very nice and tidy and sufficiently large for three people (one huge bed and one extra bed). Bathroom very clean and nice too with heated floors and good shower. Breakfast was really excellent with something for every taste, and although it was crowded during peak-hours, we always got a seat within a few minutes with good service and only very short lines to the foods. The service style of the hotel staff was really enjoyed by us. They were always polite and efficient - not overly pretentious like in so many other hotels. In summary, we would definitely stay again at the Radisson Portman and it is well worth booking a business class room which includes the excellent breakfast.	
Mar 31 2008 	Loved The Radisson Portman	When we arrived I checked as to where we could park, and found the car park right next door, and was also told that we would receive a 20% discount on the parking.The staff at check in were very helpful, and even upgraded our room to business class free of charge.The room was lovely, quite spacious and very clean and had a nice coffeee maker.The bath was nice and big and the shower was good.Breakfast was amazing, such a huge choice, everything from fresh fruit to full english, smoked salmon and danish pastries.Check-out was efficient.The location was great, a 3 minute walk to the tube station.I would stay here again as the location and staff were brilliant.	
Mar 28 2008 	Central and convenient	Booked hotel as a base for short weekend break to London. Very convenient for the Oxford street shops; and not too far from Knightsbridge or London Victoria station by public transport. Hotel staff were efficient, pleasant and helpful. We arrived too early to check in but were able to leave our luggage and return later without any problems. Breakfast on the Sunday morning was busy. Fortunately we were among the first and were seated immediately, but by the time we finished a large queue had formed. We had no problems checking out or getting a taxi from the hotel back to the Victoria station. Overall the hotel appears to be aimed mainly at the business traveller, and feels a bit cold and clinical for the tourist.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great location - average hotel	Stayed at the Radisson due to attending a conference at the same hotel.Foyer and communal areas are OK, the reception staff were reasonably attentive and professional but the rooms were distinctly average. I moved from my first room (business class - double) due to a faulty patio door which meant that I would have to endure excessive traffic noise. This took three phone calls and a visit from a security guard who hoped that he could force the dor shut.The second room was the larger 'king' business class room, which fortunately was quieter. The room was a little tired and in need of a little TLC, but was sufficient and had high-speed wi-fi on tap for free! All was fine until about 5am when the air-con units for the kitchens fired up and then the room was very noisey. On the plus side, the buffet breakfast was very good - probably one of the best hot buffet breakfasts I've had in some time!	
Feb 13 2008 	Top Marks for Breakfast	Stayed at the Portman for one night after careful research of hotels on offer and was not disappointed. This hotel is situated a few minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station and Oxford Street at the corner of Portman Square, thus being away from the main traffice noise of London.Our room was quite adequate, although a little on the small side and having only a small wardrobe. The bed, however was queen size and very comfortable. Ensuite facilities, although not the largest, were clean and adequate with an excellent shower.The buffet breakfast, included in the price of the room, was certainly more than adequate with an extensive range of hot and cold food and drinks. At 9 am we were shown straight to a table and when one member of staff was over enthusiastic and cleared our table whilst we were getting our toast and marmalade, we were quickly shown to another table and received profuse apologies for the error.Our room was ready for us when we arrived at 12 noon and on the Sunday morning our luggage was safely stored until we departed mid afternoon.All staff we encountered were efficient, friendly and helpful - a definite plus in a large, city hotel.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great hotel in London	My wfe and I stayed at this hotel for five nights over the new year and had a wonderful time. The hotel is very nice and the rooms were plenty large. We were in a business room. The internet worked fine and allowed us to book tickets for West End shows and check TKTS each morning. The breakfast really made this hotel worth it. We never found the dining area overly crowded like I had read here prior to this trip. The breakfast included a small buffet with fresh fruit and custom made omelets. Helped save money. We got a pretty good rate on Travelzoo ($200.00/nt). With breakfast I think the room was well worth the price.Finally it is in a good location, near Hyde Park and the marble Arch Station is only a five minute walk and there is a Lebanese area nearby with great restaurants and shisha bars.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good Hotel for the Price	Our family of 4 stayed at the Radisson Portman Square for 5 nights over the Christmas holidays. We got a very decent $100 a night rate from Travelzoo. The hotel is well-located on a quiet little square just two blocks off Oxford Street and the Marble Arch tube station. It is a 7- minute taxi ride from Victoria or King's Cross Station. The double decker tour bus stops right outside the hotel. There are numerous good and decently-priced restaurants in the area. The hotel staff is a little lacking in that very few appear to be from London, and they are not good at giving directions or tourist information. The hotel itself has been redone and is modern, rooms are decent size, there is free internet, tv is good, bathrooms good, and there is a room minibar. In response to a previous post, you can ask the hotel maid for restock of bar items as they do not appear to keep them up. We had connecting rooms with our children and were right by the elevator but had no noise. A big English breakfast is included, and can be very busy on the weekends, with a wait of about 20 minutes, if you don't go before 9 a.m. or so. The bar/lobby area also serves afternoon tea and is a good place for a drink in the evening. We noticed that if we were lacking anything, we just asked and it was provided, some times we had to ask more than once. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay.	
Jan 3 2008	Very Good Hotel	In a city filled with tiny, grubby and expensive hotels this one is gem. Located a nice two blocks from Oxford Street (just the right distance) it is modern with good-sized rooms. The free internet is a great addition. Most of the furnishings and bathrooms look relatively new and are kept in good condition.If you can find a deal, stay here! Unlike other mid-priced London hotels this one actually delivers. I'd absolutely stay here again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Poor service Poor product.	Upon arrival I was advised I had &quot;no showed&quot; from the previous night and was going to charged. Fortunately I had my paperwork confirming my dates as otherwise they would have charged me. Then when I went to confirm I was staying two nights I was advised the hotel was 11 rooms over booked for the Tuesday night and they could not confirm my 2 night stay. In the end I received my two night stay - however with no apology for the hotel loading the incorrect reservation dates.No porter assistance at all. Room extremely small - even by London standards. No place to store my luggage at all. Bathroom also not exactly the cleanest.Reception missed my wake up call. When I advised reception of this and asked what had happened again I didnt even receive an apology or explanation. In summary for the price paid this was a very dissapointing stay for both the poor product and poor service offered. Did leave feedback for the hotel management to contact me in relation to my stay, however like everything else I am yet to hear back on my comments.	
Dec 10 2007 	Not the best!!	The hotel is in a great location near oxford st/circus. Public areas pleasant however the room we had was awful really small with damp patches and mould in the bathroom! Mini bar didn't have any stock and bed sheets were old and worn! Security staff at evenings were also intimindating - not asking for confirmation of your room rather following you in the lift and watching as you walk to your room - all very strange!!I have made contact with hotel on 4 occassions to complain however 4 months later I am still awaiting a response - disappointing for a Radisson	
Dec 10 2007	OK better value elsewhere	I stayed here with my wife for a night in December, cost was about £250 which included breakfast, breakfast was plentiful, but we had to wait about 20 -25 minutes to be seated, eventually sat down in the bar area, food was excellent. On arrival at the hotel , 3 check in desks were used, we waited over half an hour to check in.. stayed in a business class room, usual bits and bobs, double bed , quirky design room, with space behind bed for office use... bathroom was ok nothing special, only got 1 dressing gown between the 2 of us..stayed down the road earlier in the year, far superior and cheaper..room was clean and tidy, got complimentary telegraph on sunday, nice touch..,getting a drink after the bar shut at night took a while, as we had to wait for the night porter to come out, got one eventually. checking out was quicker,	
Nov 30 2007 	Very comfortable friendly great location for shopping.	This was the most pleasant stay I have had in London. Granted this was a little more than we have paid other times but I would do it again because having a calm, friendly, comfortable place to stay at the end of a hectic London day of sightseeing is well worth the price. The breakfast was excellent and included in our room package.. The staff was all super friendly right down to going above and beyond when a cleaning staff helped me to the elevator after seeing me struggle with my bag and my daughter in the stroller. We ate in the hotel because my daughter is 2 and not so predictable in the evenings. The food in the restaurant was fine but not gourmet..but really the friendliness of the staff made up for it.	
Nov 18 2007 	Good hotel - well located	I stayed here with my husband &amp; 12 year old son in Nov 2007. We booked the hotel via the Radisson website &amp; paid £170 for 1 night for 3 people including breakfast. The hotel is well located in central London, being about 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch tube station. It's also 5 mins walk from the shopping area of Oxford Street and Hyde Park.We drove into London and parked in a carpark located next door to the hotel. The hotel gives a 20% discount to guests for the parking.The room we stayed in was 402. It was a business class superior room I believe. The bathroom was nice, with bath &amp; shower over the bath. The room was fine too, with a large &amp; very comfortable double bed, TV with the various channels, kettle, Nespresso coffee machine, iron, trouser press and safe, desk &amp; a couple of chairs. There's also free wi-fi, and a gym I believe.We had requested a roll away bed for our son &amp; were told that it would be put in our room around 1800. However when we returned from our meal at 2200 it still wasn't there. A minor oversight I believe, which was quickly resolved. The breakfast was very good, and very popular, it was open until 1200. I believe it was about £15 a head, but was included in the room rate for us. Free newspapers were available on entering. There were enough tables &amp; food, although I did notice when we left that some people were spilling out into the lobby &amp; eating at the sofas there. The staff were very efficient clearing tables quickly.On checking out there was a long queue...fortunately we were at the head of it! All in all this is a pleasant hotel in a good location, I would certainly recommend it &amp; would stay here again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great Service Great Location	The hotel I usually stay at in London was booked, so I selected the Radisson SAS Portman based on reviews on this site. It definitely lived up to expectations. Our room was huge - even with a roll-away bed added, there was plenty of room to make use of the desk or chair, or just spread out (there was 1 adult and 2 children in the room). The room was clean and the service impeccable. There was some loud &quot;thumping&quot; going on, and upon calling reception, they advised there was a wedding party that evening (loud music). Not wanting to disturb someone's special day, I told them it was okay. However, they continued to follow up on it, reduced the noise, and called me later in the evening to see if everything was okay. The hotel is a 5 minute walk to the Marble Arch Underground station, which made it very convenient to get around and see the sites. I would definitely stay again.	
Oct 25 2007 	Above average for London	I just recently stayed at the Portman Square and it was nice. The price was average especially when prices are outrageous now. The roomsize was small but I mean you can't expect much in London honestly. Rooms are always going to be small and these were decent size. The bathrooms were the best part because there were American Standard bathrooms. There is great shopping two blocks down on Oxford Street but you must eat/drink early because that area closes by 10pm! Cheerio!	
Oct 14 2007 	Great Location but some problems	The hotel is in a great location for Oxford Street etc, Marble Arch Tube only a few mins away.Free Wi-Fi Internet access which is great.Booked a Superoior Room on the Hotels Web Site, stayed in Room 754, the room is SMALL !!!!!, not enough space for 2 adults to move arround, hate to think what the standard rooms are like.Bathroom is fair, but could do with updating.Breakfast Room is to small, people eating at coffee tables in the bar area and at the bar itself, Breakfast itself is more than ample, but hot food needs to be hotter, its only luke warm.	
Oct 11 2007 	Very pleased with this hotel!	We booked into this hotel to attend a friend's wedding at a hotel next to the Radisson (we coulnd't afford the 5 star rates!). We were pleasantly surprise with this Radisson. Having been to London many times and having some horrendous experience with some hotels after having paid through the nose, this is by far one of the best Radisson i have come across.We were upgraded to the business floor after having paid GBP109 per room for a standard room for our two night's stay. Check in was relatively smooth and straightforward with surprisingly friendly staff. The room was large with the usual amenities including...wait for it, a NESPRESSO machine! It was clean and had very comfortable bed. There was complementary Wifi for guests and good selection of tv channels. The only problem i had with the room was the sound insulation wasn't the best. There was a really loud man next to our room who wouldn't shut up even at 4 am, obviously after a night out in town!The hotel is in a very good location being very close to the Marble Arch and Bond St tube station. It's also within walking distance of North Oxford St. The business center is not exactly the most impressive one i have come across. It was small and only had one computer terminal. They had the usual printing and faxing services. Our tv internet wasn't working but that wasn't such a big deal as we were there on holidays anyway. We were so pleased with our stay that we extended a night there! I highly recommend this hotel for business and pleasure for a reasonable 4 star price!	
Sep 17 2007	loved but got ripped off	hotel is clean and great location. everyone was friendly and nice but later found out that the concierge ripped us off. it was our first night going out and he suggested that we take a taxi which he arranged for. the taxi did not have a meter and we were charged thirty pounds for a ride that should of cost eight pounds. I later found out that the driver pays the concierge to take advantage of tourists. This trip was a mother daughter getaway so it was upsetting that our trip started off like that. bottom line only take taxis with meters	
Sep 8 2007 	portman hotel london	Stayed here over the bank holiday weekend, the hotel was full to capacity, our room was on floor11 no lifts above 10 but was clean and tidy, the mini bars had been removed and no ice bucket in the room, had to improvise to cool the champange my daughter had padked for us as it was our 20th wedding anniversary . smaller than any other radisson room i have ever stayed in, we were allowed a late check out on our last day, reception staff forgot to reprogram the room card so when we went to the room to shower before leaving we found we couldn't get in. I had to go to reception and then wait with people wanting to check in to get the matter sorted,15mins. Breakfasr was as you would expect from radisson very good although bar prices a little high at £10.50 for a glass of wine and a beer, the bar in Soho we drank in before returning to the hotel was £6.50, On checking out the receptionist did appolige for our room saying she would normally upgrade radisson card holders but was unable to as the hotel was full. my persnal view is that this would be a high 3* rather than a 4*.	
Jul 18 2007	Solid 4-star hotel but get a discounted rate	This is a solid 4-star hotel that is recommended at a discount price, but the rack rates don't represent a good value. My wife and I holiday in London 2-3 times a year, and only use this hotel when we get a good discount rate, which I consider to be around USD 225.The hotel is well located for shopping. It is in the northwest corner of Portman Square, two blocks north of Oxford Street. It is closest to Marble Arch tube, but only a five-minute walk from Bond Street station. The hotel is a short cab ride from the Heathrow Express at Paddington.The hotel has two towers connected by a large, contemporary lobby. The west tower contains the smaller, standard rooms. The west tower rooms include some floors with special international decorating themes. This time, we went with a superior room in the east tower, room 501.Reception was businesslike, but not particularly cheerful. Since we know London well, we didn't call on the staff for any special services.Even the superior rooms are not large (see photos). Our room contained a queen bed set at an angle. The headboard was over six feet high and served as a partition enclosing a desk area in the triangular space behind the bed. Free Internet access was included.The room had a modern bathroom with average toiletries. There is built-in closet and drawer space, but not a lot of room for hanging items. Both the room and the bathroom were well-maintained and clean. Our nights were quiet, with little corridor noise.Our rate included a buffet breakfast served in the restaurant at the east end of the lobby. When we were there, the buffet was crowded, and there was a short queue for tables one morning. The selection was typical, with juices, rolls/pastries, a selection of fruits, cereals, cold meats/cheeses, and hot dishes, including scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes (fried in fishy oil), tomatoes, and baked beans. Overall, the breakfast was somewhat better than average in both selection and quality.In summary, this is a large hotel with a good west end location (especially for shopping) and smaller -- but clean and updated -- rooms. It is an acceptable value at discounted rates.	
Jul 4 2007 	Fantastic Stay	Just had to write about the Portman. Spent the weekend there and was most impressed by the hotel facilities and the service. I booked the hotel and theatre tickets for The Lord of the Rings, through Show-and-Stay. The hotel itself, the service, reception, breakfast all were excellent, and as for the beds, I dont think Ive ever slept in a more comfortable hotel bed. Everything was spotless and the staff went out of their way to accommodate and were most helpful with information on travel, etc. I cannot understand some of the previous negative reviews - were these people from the same planet??? The location could not be better - 5 minutes walk from Marble Arch and a short taxi journey to the Theatre. Id certainly recommend the hotel to family and friends, and would definitely stay there again when in London. (The only down side to our weekend was that our flight was 4 hours late and we arrived at the hotel very late but again the staff could not have been more helpful even at this late hour.)	
Jun 26 2007	Good	Helpfull breakfast room staff, good location for the shoppers (oxford street), free wi-fi, ice maker in the corridor. In general everything is OK. Rooms could be bit bigger.	
Jun 22 2007	Excellent Staff + Excellent Location= Happy Customer	We stayed this hotel, everything is great (Location, Service) Especially custumer oriented staff is excellent. Thank you!!	
Jun 2 2007 	Fantastic hotel Great location	We stayed at the Radisson for our anniversary, we booked through lastminute.com, excellent hotel, room was lovely, hotel staff extremely polite and helpful. We went to see Dirty Dancing on stage, which was fab. Got a Taxi there and back cost about £20 return, used the original tour company buses to see the sights, one of the many routes departed form the side of the hotel, very handy. Hotel in excellent location for shopping, oxford street a few minutes walk away. Defiantly return later in the year with the children.	
May 21 2007 	Great location	We stayed at the Raddison Portman for our wedding anniversary on 18th May 2007.This hotel is located just round the corner of Oxford Street, Selfridges there. If you walk to the end of Portman Street and turn left on to Oxford Street, keep walking for about 5 mins and you will see James Street, turn up James street and there is loads of restaurants, which you can sit outside of.Staff at the hotel were really helpful,especially concierge as he managed to get us a table at Gordon Ramsey's newest restaurant, Maze, which is only a 5 minute walk from hotel in Grovsenor Square.The hotel room was very clean and modern. We booked a business class room which was decorated in art decor design. The breakfast was lovely,buffet style. Food and plates were really hot.We went to Aldwych Theatre to see Dirty Dancing which was brilliant. We got a cab to covent garden which has loads of bars and restaurants. It cost about £8 for cab. The theatre is just a few minutes walk away from covent garden.If you like walking you can see all the major sites. We found this to be best way providing weather ok. We walked down Park Lane to The Mall where you find Buckingham Palace. Then Westminster abbey, London Eye, the down Whitehall to Downing Street ect.Hyde park is also only 10 min stroll from hotel, which is really nice.Would definetely use the Raddison portman again. Other hotels close by are Hyatt Regency and Thistle. There is a car park situated round corner from hotel or if you prefer train hotel is only 10 mins from King's Cross. Cab costing £9.	
Apr 23 2007 	Fab Location	Lovely hotel, great hotel for a girls weekend shopping. Stayed there Fri 19th and Sat 20th April. less than 5 mins walk from all the shops. You can see the hotel from the foodhall in Selfridges. I wouldstay here again. Staff very friendly and accomodating. Check out is at noon but you can leave your bags there for the day for moreshopping if you want. Hotel itself is quite and not much happening around the area but a 10 min walk from the hotel is St Christophers place which is full of bars, restaurants etc. Looking forward to staying there again...........For location wise I would rate this hotel as a 4 star	
Apr 17 2007	Great Service	Great service - everybody smiling and friendly. Jan (in reservations) was extremely helpful.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great place to stay!	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend and loved it. Even though it is central to everything and easy walking distance to Oxford street and Bond Street(!) it is in a quieter, calmer area. The rooms were extremely clean and well kept. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and the breakfasts were amazing!!! I've stayed in a number of hotels in London but this is one of the best I've stayed in for a long while.	
Feb 9 2007 	Great Base	Have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Radisson SAS Portman Hotel. I found this hotel to be in an excellant location for exploring London; it s very close to Marble Arch Tube Station and all the shops etc are on your door step. The rooms are small but ours was spotless with towels changed each day and the bed linen changed the 2nd day. The bar in the hotel is very quiet and does not have great service (we went across the street to the Hyatt which has an excellant bar) but it is a good base when in London. I will recomment this hotel to friends and will return again.	
Feb 9 2007 	Pricey for very small rooms	Clean hotel with extremely small rooms for £200 a night. Hotel is very central to Oxford St, however you can get much better for much cheaper in the same area.Don't bother with room service, overpriced, overcooked and cold. The menu seemed very nice and you could see that the food would be great if cooked in the restaurant.Staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the concierge who kindly accepted our suitcases from our driver a few hours before we checked in. They also arranged a cab to Heathrow with no troubles at all.All in all, if you have the money it's worth staying for the location but if £200 is a bit steep for you, you can get much better if you look around.Would stay here again, but wouldn't be our first choice!	
Nov 30 2006 	The Hotel Worked	This was the first stop on our 5 week European Trip. I found the hotel on a web-deal. 79 pound a night on a weekend. The Hotel was great. We did the entire trip by train so we struggled with our luggage down oxford street a few blocks to the Hotel. The Hotel is behind a little park area. Was about 2 blocks from Oxford street which has all kinds of shopping and eating. Also the hotel was a few blocks from the Underground which was also super easy. The rooms were great, clean. Cute little themed rooms. What you would expect from say a Sheraton.	
Oct 29 2006 	Good location but overpriced!	We just returned home today from a two night stay in this hotel. We had a British room on the 8th floor which as the other reviews stated was very small but clean. Our room overlooked the roof of the lobby and was quiet except for the occasional ambulance.The bedspread had a cigarette burn in it and the room needed updating. We did not eat at the hotel except for breakfast which was wonderful with a great spread. The only downside of breakfast was constantly looking for someone to refill tea and coffee. The lobby is wonderful to walk into but if you think that is the way your room will look-it won't!! The hotel still only has one elevator working so we took the dingy service elevator most of the time. We called to ask for extra pillows and they never brought them. After the first night we never had any washclothes which again we asked for but never received. The hotel was very close to Oxford Street and the tube station as well as James street with many wonderful restaurants. This hotel would not be considered a 4 star by any means in the US-definetly not worth the more than $300 per night we paid. We will stay somewhere else on our next trip.	
Sep 23 2006 	I thought it was awful	I am amazed at the previous reviews for radisson portman, It's an awful hotel. Shabby, poor service, over-priced. Typical 4 * commercial type hotel. On arrival I was sent to an awful room (single bed) on the eigth floor, it wasn't clean and pokey beyond belief. After trying my broken phone in the room I went down to reception and they changed me to a half decent room for an extra charge. This was alot better but still ... not that clean, I found food stuffed into the mini bar from a previous guest. My bed was totally lob-sided from single guests i assume! as was the toilet seat! The bar and restaurant are ludicrously over priced also.My advice.. find a good 3 * or save up for a 5*	
Aug 31 2006 	Great location nice room	I stayed at the Portman with my husband in June when he was attending a conference there. The hotel is nice, and in a fantastic location - near Oxford Street where there is lots of great shopping. Our room had an Asian theme which I loved. It was small, but that's what I'd expect in London. Overall, a good experience, although we didn't have to pay for the room since my husband's company took care of that...	
Jul 19 2006 	Small room but an enjoyable stay	Spent a week here on business in very hot weather, so discovered that the air conditioning is excellent. Very small room (OK for one, but would be too small for two), but well maintained and a comfortable bed. Good breakfast and friendly staff. Above average for London	
Jul 13 2006	Decent price for fantastic location	Stayed at the Radisson Portman for 5 nights in March - the hotel came highly recommended from our travel agent. The location was ideal, only a 5 minute walk to Oxford Street and Hyde Park. The room was small but well appointed, the biggest problem being the lack of drawers or shelf space. For a room for 2 people (standard room), there was minimal room for clothes. Aside from that, bed was comfortable, room was very clean and the bathroom was a good size. Did not eat at all in the hotel, we were so close to everything that there was no need. Free wireless internet a big bonus! Staff was friendly enough, all in all it was a great experience and probably would stay there again but would upgrade to the next room level for more closet space. As far as London hotels go, great price for the location.	
Jun 27 2006	Nice small rooms BUT!	I stayed at the Portman mid June 06, rooms were fine but small by US standards. Bathroom was small but did have a great shower. We stayed in the East tower where the lifts are under renovation, only one works, but there are signs showing the way to service lifts which can be used also. No issues with smoke in rooms or in lobby.Be very aware of extra charges however, we made 4 local phone calls, one for 9 mins, the others for 2 to 3 mins each and received a bill for over 26 pounds(almost $50). Breakfast was appox. $50 USD, so watch and ask before using any extra charge items!Nearby Prett location provides good sandwiches and breakfast items! Good location!	
Jun 21 2006	Great Location	Great Location, 5 minutes walk from Oxford Street and Marble Arch Tube Station. Rooms small but have everything you need. Never had a problem with a smokey lobby, in fact, never saw anyone smoking.Drinks at the bar are a scandal - £19.75 for a Vodka tonic and double Bells, how can they justify that? Drank at the Three Tuns Pub just round the corner, great beer and Food very nice too. Not sure I would stay here again, the blatant rip off at the bar and food pricing is a put off.	
Jun 20 2006	Disapointed	We just stayed at the Radisson SAS Portman Square. We were there for 3 nights beginning of June. Our room was in the West Tower with the Oriental theme. The room was very small, we had to move the furniture in order to be able to unpack our suitcase. The room was in desparate need of renovations, chips on the wall and furniture. The closet was so small we could fit only 6/7 items in it. There was no dresser so we had to use our suitcase to store our clothes. We asked the Concierge for a map of London and we were treated very highly. If I go back to London it will certainly not be at this Radisson SAS. We stayed at other Radisson during our 3 weeks vacation in Europe and never had such a bad experience.	
May 30 2006	Very pleasant hotel..	Stayed for one night in a superior room. Able to check-in a bit early at 1pm and found room to be very comfortable &amp; clean. Individual air conditioning a definate bonus for a hotel in the UK! Bathroom nice size, clean &amp; modern, only slight fault was that shower screen did not meet the bath tub, resulting in minor flood!Location good at far end of Oxford St, near Marble Arch &amp; Hyde Park. Two blocks or so from Oxford St itself, near Selfridges. Did not eat in the hotel but found a great coffee shop a few blocks away that did a great breakfast.All in all, a pleasant experience for staying in London.	
May 17 2006	Loved Radisson Portman Square	A real 4* Hotel in London. Upgraded to a business class which included a fabulous breakfast buffet.Robes and slippers thrown in also. I wish my other hotel in London was as nice.Guest services were excellent, very cordial staff.	
May 16 2006	Good location not for non-smokers	We stayed on 6th May 2006.The hotel was in an excellent location off Oxford Street so walking distance to the shops and a tube station. As we entered the hotel it took a long time to check in and despite checking in early we were given a twin smoking room when we had booked a non-smoking double room. When we complained they said they only had a double disabled room left which when we looked at it was of a lot lower quality than the twin room and had a dodgy looking cover on the bed. (was also smoking) At £128 per night I would expect to get the room I had booked!Also the whole lobby area was thick with smoke and the lifts smelt of smoke as well - definately not a place to stay if you do not want to smell of smoke every time you walk in and out of the hotel.There were huge fans at the back of the hotel which you could constantly hear throughout the night which may affect light sleepers.Drinks in the hotel bar were very expensive but that is to be expected. The bathroom was very nice with heated floor tiles and a really powerful shower. All in all the hotel wasn't for me, mainly due to the smoky environment. However the rooms are nicely decorated and you get an iron, minibar, TV etc and the hotel is fine if shopping is one of your main reasons for visiting london.	
May 7 2006 	nice hotel and central	nice hotel superior rooms are excellent free internet access through wifi fairly good service i got a very good deal which made is good value for money	
Apr 13 2006	Loved the hotel	We stayed in a suite at the radisson which was fab. we stayed at the Penthouse suite which had two rooms, dining table, sofas and two luxury bathrooms. breakfast was very good but the prices in the bar were overshocking. great location if you want to be close to Hyde Park and the shops of Oxford St. the staff in the hotel were very friendly and dinner was very good too. definitely worth a visit.	
Mar 27 2006	Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff	Good location. Rooms a bit on the small side. We were able to check in early at 11am but all that was available was a smoking room. Not reccommended if you're a non smoker - smells of smoke. Drinks at bar were extremely expensive. £4.75 for a pint and £5.50 for a shot of malibu, plus £2.75 for a coke = £8.25 for one drink!! Suggest an off-licence, or a bar just round the corner!! All in all, a nice clean hotel in a good location. Just off Oxford St, less than 10 mins from Selfridges.	
Mar 9 2006 	Great Jr. Suite for Business Travelers	I have stayed at the Radisson Portman for a total of 3 weeks over the past 2 months, on business. Considering the rate of hotels in London right now, I consider it an excellent deal. I have only ever stayed in &quot;junior suites&quot; but they are great. For 225 GBP per night, you get a huge room with a living area, and included in the rate is a free,huge buffet breakfast (they charge 17.50 for it if you get a regular room), free wireless broadband (15 gbp per nite at most hotels) and free use of the health club (they charge 20 gbp for that with a regular room). The health club is good - it is a small health club that outsiders actually belong to - 1 precor stairclimber, 3 treadmills, 2 bikes, some cybex machines, bench press, and dumbbells from 5 to 50 lbs. Also a sauna and steam room. Hotel lobby is a bit smokey but I don't spend much time there. Way better deal than the Hyatt Churchill directly across the street that charges the same rate for a regular sized hotel room that doesn't include breakfast or broadband.	
Feb 26 2006	Hotel Okay but didn't like the location	If I review this hotel on the hotel itself, it is perfectly adequate. Can't say it is charming, it felt like the kind of hotel you stay at for a convention, but the rooms were fine, nice bathroom with tub, coffee machine and minibar, etc. But this hotel is on Portman just off of Oxford and two blocks from Selfridges. One would think that is great but it is very noisy, you hear the sirens, you see flashing lights. Even the hotel staff said do not walk out alone at night. It is dark and creepy walking down that road from Oxford, at least to us. We would take the tube and walk either from Bond St. station or Marble Arch. Either way, from Oxford you walk down that street a few blocks. I travel for work as well and would probably take a cab if alone.	
Jan 26 2006 	Very good hotel	I stayed a week at this fine hotel. The room was nicely designed, spacious, with a fabulous bed, and all other amenities one needs. It was immaculately clean, and I enjoyed the fact that the cleaning staff never touched the writing desk where my papers and computer were kept. The room had a balcony.The complimentary wireless internet always worked, and it was fast. Most pleasand.The bathroom was excellent, good water pressure, and toiletries constantly replentished.The restaurant serves modern british cuisine, and it was very decent, the pricing fair, but the chefs did not cook with their hearts. Regerettably, because the food could have been superb. So, 3 stars in my book (of possible 5). The bar food was not good, however, and should be avoided. Remarkable, as the food comes from the same kitchen.In all, this hotel is to be recommended, and I would definately stay there again, and again.	
Jan 10 2006	Excellent choice for a weekend break	We stayed a couple of nights at the Radisson Portman Square and found it to be all we had hoped for. We were greeted by an efficient check-in system and immediately shown to our rooms. We chose interconnecting rooms because of our children - and they were fabulous. No dodgy smells or stains, just clean, well designed rooms with lovely modern bathrooms (the underfloor heating particularly welcome on a tiled floor!).Breakfasts were well presented, fresh and an enormous range to choose from. Don't leave it til the last minute, because a lot of things aren't replenished as 'closing time' draws near. A lovely pot of hot chocolate was produced to please our 10 year old!The main attractions of this hotel were it's position and it's feeling of security. It is at one end of Oxford St, close to Marble Arch and Hyde Park - but within easy walking distance of all main central attractions. The doorman and concierge are backed up by a visible 'security' room behind reception (at the stairs to the car park)which is always a comforting feeling in a city centre hotel.Overall, I would like to recommend this hotel, but would also like to keep it a secret so that we won't have any trouble booking there again!	
Dec 7 2005 	Very average	I've stayed here three times, most recently in November of 2004. I think it average. The location is great, the lobby bar is pretty good, but the rooms are below average and the service is slow. The rooms are quite small and are in need of repair. (Holes in bedspread, shabby towels, etc.) There is a photo of a room on this web page and I've NEVER seen one that looks that nice. (Again, I've stayed here multiple times...always for business) I would recommend it only if you can get a good rate and want to stay in that specific part of town. But otherwise I am sure there are better options.	
Nov 18 2005	DON'T STAY HERE!!!!!!	This is our first visit to London, and we chose the Portman because of recommendations on Tripadvisor as well as location. From the time we arrived, to when we checked out, the stay has been miserable. When we booked, we inquired about early checkin since we were traveling overnight, and they made note of it. When we arrived, they told us they could only give us a handicap room. By the way, we booked a superior room, and I can't believe the only room we got was a handicap room. The bed was VERY lumpy, the telephone near the bed did not work. We are still here, and decided to stay in and watch pay tv, and it does not work. We called the ONE touch and they said they would send someone up to fix it, and it's been over an hour, and no one has come up. They called us 4 times to see if knew how to press 'pay tv', and of course we knew how. By now, our movie was over. We also have plugs that do not work. We have a medical device that needs to be plugged into a wall socket near our bed, and there are NO PLUGS near the bed. WE asked the front desk for help, and they offered no alternative. Also, when I checked in, I asked the clerk to add my gold rewards number to my reservation, and she just ignored me. We have a shower that floods and since it's a handicap room, the whole floor area gets wet when we shower. Everytime, I call the ONE TOUCH, they cannot help me. What kind of service is this when we are paying over $366 dollars a night for this ridiculous service. Also, there is a coffee stand that is supposed to be open from 8AM to 6:00PM, and no one is ever there. When ever I went downstairs to get coffee at the bar, they never had to-go cups, and at one visit, they gave me a tiny dixie cup for my coffee. They have a concierge on the premises who is supposed to help us book tours, etc...and when we came to ask for help to book a tour, this guy tells us to come back at 10AM the next day, because he said that the tour company was closed. It was 8pm that night. Well, when I took the brochure upstairs, I noticed that the tour company hours were open til midnight. So basically, the concierge(Stuart) lied to us, just so he would not have to help us book a tour. By the way, when we did go back downstairs at 10AM, there was another man(Trevor), who finally helped us book a tour. There is no gift shop or store on the premises and if you are a non-smoker, the lobby is ridiculously smokie. I would not recommend this hotel. Try the Hyatt across the street!	
Oct 19 2005	Very nice modern hotel in fantastic position just off Oxford street	Very nice modern hotel in fantastic position just off Oxford street. A few minutes walk to shopping and Hyde park.We booked a familt suite and everything was ready, all the beds made and clean.Will use again	
Oct 13 2005 	Good class hotel	I stayed at the Radisson Portman with three colleagues on a business trip and for the price of less than £150 each we were really pleased. I have stayed in lots of central London business class hotels and some have been dreadful-the Trafalgar Square Thistle springs to mind. The Radisson was very smart and airy with a lively bar. I had a room in a different wing to the others (the lift to the right of reception near the bar) and I think I got lucky on the room. It was nicely decorated- quite funky in fact with a nice balconey. I also really like the toiletries in the Radiisson. My colleagues rooms seemed to have a vaguely Japanese theme and lacked balconies.The only pain was that on several occasions our door cards kept refusing to work, once having let my colleage up to his 11th floor room, the card denied him entry. It then blocked him from using the lift to return to reception!Breakfast was included and was one of the best I have had in London with stacks of choice-2 types of bacon, smoked salmon, beef and pork sausages and fantastc fresh field mushrooms!	
Oct 4 2005	OK but impersonal	Stayed here overnight whilst up in London for a show. Room was fine, bed very comfy. Bathroom good, toiletries extremely interesting and fun! Security policy of having to put your room card in the lift before it would go anywhere was irritating, and a bit daft, as anyone could get in with you without a key card. Buffet breakfast excellent.Went for a drink in the bar after the show and was surprised to find no waiter service. My husband went to the bar and spent a good ten minutes trying to get served. When he did, the eastern european barmaid did not know what a Southern Comfort was. He was not best pleased, especially considering the price of drinks (though this is to be expected in the West End). There was also no non-smoking section of the bar. The bar area was vast and impersonal, so we drank up quite smartly and went to bed. There was nothing really wrong with the hotel, it just felt as if we were numbers on the guest list rather than valued customers.	
Sep 23 2005 	Overall not bad but rooms can be a bit cramped	I left town and came back again and stayed in two different rooms. Radisson's tend to have different &quot;themes&quot; for rooms at some locations. At the Portman, it was Japanese (the lift to the right of the front desk) and European and Scandanavian (the lift to the left of the front desk). I tried the Japanese and the European. The Japanese was nicer and much larger of a room for the same price. The European themed room was so small you could barely swings a cat in it. The hotel bar was ok and the restaurant buffet for breakfast was expectedly expensive and the food selection was ok. The hotel isn't in the hippest part of town and is more catered towards business travelers, but it's only 2 1/2 blocks from the tubes.	
Aug 3 2005	Pure Luxury!		
Mar 20 2005 	Terrible Experience		
Feb 4 2005	Ok not worthy of the name Radisson		
Jan 31 2005	Great Breakfast if a little pricey		
Jan 3 2005	Great nights sleep.		
Nov 8 2004	OK but not that great		
Sep 3 2004	Great Place!		
Jun 15 2004	Loved the Radisson		
Apr 26 2004	Good London base		
Apr 20 2004	Clean hotel		
Nov 4 2009 	Ottimo		
Oct 15 2009 	Nur die Lage und Aussicht war gut....		
Apr 21 2009 	Avis mitigé		
Jan 6 2009 	Super hôtel !		
Feb 8 2008 	Central et confortable		
