Nov 23 2009 	Lovely Staff	I stayed at the Regency in November with my husband for one night. This was not our first visit to the hotel, we have stayed there on several occasions over a 15 year period. On arrival, there were 3 couples all arriving at check in at the same time. Within seconds there were 3 members of staff to check everyone in promptly. They were all friendly, welcoming and efficient. We had a very spacious room, temperature was just right and it was very clean. Only a few quibbles, it is not easy to find somewhere convenient to plug in the kettle and I agree with an earlier review, that plastic spoons are a bit naff for a 4 star establishment! The sachets of toiletries were a little disappointing, I prefer a bit more quantity in my bubble bath!We had a peaceful night, the room and corridor was very quiet, no noise from the road either.Breakfast was not as good as it used to be 'in the old days'! I really used to like the hot buffet where you could decide what you wanted for a full English. The new system of having to order your preference just isn't as much fun or as good value. I notice that very few customers where having an English breakfast, they were opting for the cold buffet instead.Check out was very efficient, different reception staff but equally as pleasant as the previous shift. Also a word of praise for the young men who go to extreme lengths to get a taxi for you, often involving a jog up the road..I do agree with previous reviewers that the hotel is looking a bit tired round the edges and some aspects of the furnishings are very dated, but I understand a refurb is nearly under way, so fingers crossed for next years visit.	
Nov 20 2009 	We have been lucky enough to have stayed here twice this year.	I love the location of this hotel. When we come to London we always stay here. The staff has been very helpful and accomidating. We have stayed here many times. Can't say enough good things about this hotel. We have stayed other places in London before we found the Regency.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent location but fails in too many aspects	Stayed mid-October for 2 uncomfortable nights. But let's start with the positive.... the location of the hotel is a huge bonus - a short walk to a choice of tube stations, or the Cromwell Road museums (Science, Nat Hist, V&amp;A). Nice lobby, friendly staff, they're happy to store your cases if you check in/out early. Can't complain about the 'continental buffet' breakfast included in our room rate. So far, so good,,,,but,,,,, London can be **warm** mid-October - and very noisy (especially for the rooms which overlook Queens Gate itself - although ours was on the 'quiet' west side). OK, but the hotel offers A/C right? Nope!!! 'Sorry sir, we turn off the A/C in the 'winter' '(18C and humid that day!) so window open, still a hot room, and noisy because of a huge fan (kitchen?) just outside, and the inevitable late-night revellers. Room was small - just about sufficient for 2 small single beds, which were basic/firm but OK. Reasonably clean - we've experienced far worse - and at least there was the basic kettle/tea/coffee/milk (but you might find plugging in the kettle a challenge....) Sorry chaps, but if I've had a hot, uncomfortable night because you decide to save a few pennies by turning off the A/C, you deserve a worse review than I'm giving you. I've learned my lesson - next time a hotel offers 'climate control' I will ask them if it will actually be working when we arrive!	
Oct 14 2009 	Comfortable clean and superbly located	I have stayed at the Regency three times in the past few years, and I like its location best of all. It adjoins the Old Brompton Road shopping area, which has every kind of store and restaurant you could want in one small area of London. It is an easy walk to the museums and the Tube station, and convenient to Kensington Gardens, Kensington High Street, and Chelsea. The hotel is pleasantly decorated and extremely clean, with very pleasant staff. My single rooms have been small but spotless and up-to-date. I even use the trouser press. I have booked my rooms at very good rates; I don't know if I'd be as satisfied if I paid the highest rates. (If you want perfection, stay at the Ritz, for heaven's sake.)	
Oct 14 2009 	Don't pay anywhere near full price - this place is very tired	Recently stayed here on business (company booked it)I had been here 15 years ago and wasn't impressed this time - it doesn't look like it's been touched in all that time, bar regular cleaning, which admittedly is pretty goodThe bedrooms are very old fashioned, the bed was heavily worn, and the bathrooms straight out of the late 80s. Not good at all. the only concession to modernity here is a flat screen TV on the wall, but that's not enough to save it. For anywhere near the rack rates you should be expecting controllable heating &amp;ventilation, good quality and modern fittings and furnishings, a smart bathroom and excellent beds and there's none of that.Common areas aren't much better - battered old lifts, dated decor in the reception, corridors and restaurant. Service at reception is *OK* and polite enough, restaurant service was pretty rubbish, especially at breakfast when the staff missed orders and orders took way too long to deliver - no one wants to hang around for an hour in the morning.Rack rates are ridiculously high and I can't believe anyone pays them. Even worse is the £17 charge (!) for a slow, not brilliant breakfast, don't even think about paying for this, it's only worthwhile if you're on a cheap B&amp;B deal.Overall it was pretty poor. Unless you're getting a very good deal (and it needs to be well below £100pn to represent any sort of value), look elsewhere. The two Millenium hotels 5 minutes up the road are 10x the place this is, and seem to usually be available for similar money	
Oct 10 2009 	Dumpy and Hot	Had one night in October, and that was too much. Looks nice from down the block - outside of the building is beautiful and even the lobby is ok if pretty dated. Rooms are just terrible. Basically a closet with a bathroom - full size bed barely fit. Linens were affirmatively uncomfortable and you could feel the springs in the mattress. Window didn't lock and air-conditioning was &quot;turned off for the winter&quot; even though there appeared to be individual units in the rooms and it was definitely not yet winter. The worst part was the bathroom. Not really clean, the toiletries provided actually smelled terrible (I honestly can't remember that happening at another hotel), and the entire floor shook whenever we flushed the toilet or turned on the sink. What?!?!?! I love the area (we had a great experience at the Marriott Kensington during the same trip) and highly recommend spending a little more to get into one of the other hotels here. There are tons. In addition to the Marriott, you'll find at least the Holiday Inn and Crown Plaza on Cromwell Rd alone.Have a great stay in London!	
Oct 8 2009 	Not so great	Was in London on business. My company made the reservations and the hotel looked good on-line. However the reality was disappointing. Excellent location, nice exterior and lobby, but the room was small and outdated and the staff had an unfriendly attitude. When I return to London I will give my business to a hotel that is making more of an effort to provide their guests with a pleasant experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	Independent Hotel but still a business	I didn't know what to expect from my stay as most reviews were worrying to read.Arriving from South kensington Tube station proved a challenge as roadworks outside the station made it very unclear which way I could go and where to cross the street. However after consulting a local street cleaner I found my way. Look for the Lamborghini car dealer on corner of road and follow the road down to Barclays bank where hotel is located on other side of the street. 5 to 10 minutes walk max...Arriving at the hotel in pooring rain the staff was very quick to get me in the dry and to be fair quite helpful and swift to get me checked in. You notice that this hotel is independent as decor and furniture is quite outdated but still in good working order.Got a room on ground floor which was what to expect, clean, not smelly and just enough space to move around freely. Not american standard room size but then again if that is what I wanted maybe i should have gone to N.Y.The staff seems fairly ok and friendly but not over eager to assist you, it seemed a little bit like they wanted to finish their conversation before attending to guests. That is probably one of the main differences form a Global Branded hotel to this. Or maybe the owner / GM wants his staff to be like this who knows?Can't comment on food in the hotel as you are spoiled for choice in the area, food from all over the world is available within 5 minutes walk from hotel so chose to eat out.Well stocked supermarket (Tesco) and Starbucks very close as well. A word of warning if you choose this hotel for leisure facilities (spa)Sauna is not existing, a sign says out of order on the door but I looked in and everything inside has been removed so instead of out of order they should have put up a sign saying &quot;we want to save on our energy bill so no sauna for you anymore&quot;The gym otherwise seemed to be ok. Must ask for code to door in reception.All in all if you are fed up with staying in brands that are the same all over the world and want some change this is a ideal located spot to stay but do not expect anybody to go the extra mile for you as you might get dissapointed, however you might also be the lucky one that get all the attention, it does seems like a lottery if staff like you or not but then again they have not recieved training and coaching from a global hotel provider so that is normal.Some of the horror stories here are maybe a bit over the top but expect a working hotel without the final touches of a Hilton, Holiday Inn or Novotel. A place to sleep after a day of sightseeing in London the hotel will do, for a 7 night business trip I wouldn't recommend the hotel.Try it and make your own mind up.	
Sep 16 2009 	Average hotel but good price and location	I arrived at Hotel Regency on a morning in September and to my delight I was informed that my room was ready already at about 10 am. The check in was fast and I was assigned to room 246. I took the elevator to the second floor but I was a bit surprised when I had to walk up another flight of stairs to get to my room and the hotel seemed to be a bit of a maze.The room itself was not very impressive at first glance at least. There was a red carpet all over the room and the walls were painted in yellow. The window did not give much view as it was just facing a small “courtyard” (if you can call it that). The bed occupied most of the room but there was also just space for two chairs and a table, a work desk with a small CRT TV on it, a place to put a suitcase and a wardrobe with hangers and shelves. The first thing I started looking for in the room was the safe that you normally find in a hotel room but this hotel room did not have any. Nor did it have a mini fridge but I didn’t find this to be a problem as I hardly ever use it as prices are much higher than nearby grocery shops. There was no iron and ironing board either which was a bit annoying as the press for trousers seemed a bit useless.The bed was a bit too hard for my liking and it seemed a bit old. There was an AC unit on the wall but we did not start that as it was not really hot at this time of the year – but the room did not seemed to have good ventilation as it got really stuffy at night and I guess the only solution is to open the window. It was also quite easy to hear noises in the hall and when the maids were cleaning the rooms in the morning we could hear all the activities.The bathroom was tiled with white tiles on the walls and black/white tiles on the floor. The shower option was from a mounted shower head in the bathtub with a shower curtain which worked out pretty good. It took forever for the water to get warm but when it first did get hot it was piping hot. The amenities were not much to brag about - I just opened the shampoo to smell it and decided to use the ones that I had brought with me instead.The hotel offers WiFi and it was 10 GBP for 24 hours use lasting up to 30 days. This is not bad at all and I was happy to sign up for this in order to be able to get access to the internet.We had breakfast at the hotel and that was pretty simple but good. They had an offer of cereal, ham and cheese, some fruit, yogurt and juice and a selection of bread and buns. There was also an option for ordering a full English breakfast which included sausage, bacon, egg, beans etc.The location of the hotel is just about 5 minutes walk from South Kensington underground station. This means that you can take the subway there directly from Heathrow airport by using the Piccadilly line. The station is also served by district and circle lines. The area was also nice as it included quite a few restaurants, a nearby grocery store, a good old pub etc.ConclusionOur room was not great in any way but I’m not sure what more you can expect from a London hotel. The location was very good as it was easy to get there from the airport and as it was easy to get around town on the subway from here. It would have been great to see some more amenities at the hotel (e.g. an iron and a safe but these are not critical factors. So I would not mind staying there again in the future if I go to London for a new trip. For 95£ I guess it was quite a bargain.	
Sep 13 2009 	Wouldn't recommend it!	I really was looking forward to staying there. the location is lovely but that doesn't reflect the hotel inside. First night was not very pleasant as the bed very uncomfortable- double bed with a dip in the middle, basically should have been replaced long time ago. Also the sheets smelled very musty as did the pillows that was the biggest turn off. I did go and talk to the front office staff and requested a room change, only to find a slight improvement, I don't think they really cared at all. Certainly wouldn't recommend the hotel to anyone I know, there are better hotels than this one which is a shame.	
Aug 17 2009 	friendly staff and satisfying stay	i arrived on a wednesday before check-in time, and had no problems checking in early. My room had no view, but it was upgraded from a single to two single beds which gave me a bit more room. The front desk was helpful, though the concierge struggled in suggesting a night spot where I could get a micro-brew beer.I had my 'do not disturb' sign on the door, but returned to a made-up room which was a disappointment because I had my things straightened which I did not want. But everything was still there, so that was a plus. It was easily accessible to two Tube stops, and I found out after my trip that I was actually in a great location for night life.	
Jul 26 2009 	A Terrible Experience	I am actually writing from the hotel, towards the end of our stay; that is how badly I wanted to complain and urge people to find another place to stay. From beginning to end, this place is a depressing experience. The staff is surly, clearly not trained to do this work. From the people who greet you to those who bring you coffee (or don't) in the overcrowded dining area, there is no sense of service here. The rooms are small and depressing. We booked a double bed, my wife and I, and they gave us a room with two singles. When I inquired about this I was told that you get what they give you. At breakfast this morning they sat us at a table next to a bucket and a leaking roof. When I asked about that, and pointed to empty tables we might move to, the person said that he needed those tables for other guests who would be arriving. we purchased the wireless service for our room, but when we tried to get it there was no service. We called the front desk and the guy there actually said, well you have to walk around the room with your computer and find the place where the wireless works. It was ten pounds for the service! And the rooms are so small there is no place to walk around. Inexplicable responses provided with a terrible attitude. And bad food as well. All in all, a sad and depressing place. But the neighborhood is wonderful.	
Jul 22 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel - maids are untrustworthy	My advice to anyone who is planning on staying at this hotel is to stay away. My wife and I stayed here from June 30th through July 2nd 2009 on the first leg of our European Honeymoon. Upon checking in to the hotel we were surprised to find out they had a room ready for us at 8am the day of check-in, unfortunately, this is where the happiness ended.The rooms are small in even European standards and the water temperature and pressure for the shower is completely unreliable. On the morning we checked out, the shower only had extremely hot water that dribbled out of the faucet. After 5 minutes, no water came out of the shower faucet, the sink faucet, and the toilet wouldn't flush. Needless to say, we were happy to finally be leaving this hotel and on our way to Italy.This, however, was not even the worst part of the stay. When we arrived in Rome we noticed that 100 Euros of the 187 Euros I had in my wallet were now missing. There were no complimentary safes in the hotel rooms, and not wanting to carry my wallet with me around London, I buried my wallet within my clothes deep in my suitcase. It sickens me to know that the maid staff went in to my suitcase and dug around looking for anything valuable to take.With so many hotels in London, I strongly urge and recommend you to look elsewhere for your stay in London, even if the price of this hotel seems reasonable. You'll be better off spending a few more pounds elsewhere then staying at the Regency where your stay and the security of your belongings would be compromised.Tim	
Jul 16 2009 	Great location for the Royal Albert Hall	I took my mother to London for her Birthday . I needed a hotel that was close to the Royal Albert Hall , within walking distance so we didn't spend a fortune on cabs . It has got a great location close to south kensington tube ,various pubs nearby and close to the albert hall,hyde park etc . The rooms a quite small but are comfortable and have all you need . Drinks are exspensive in the bar so i would suggest going to a local pub . All in all it was a great hotel to stay in for a night and would definitely stay there again . It was quite good weather so we walked to oxford street the following day . This supprisingly only took 30mins .	
Jul 14 2009 	(A little too) worn charm	Beautiful old building in great location in Kensington, 5 minute walk to the tube stop. Hotel appears to have been glamorous at one point, but not recently. Room was cramped and uncomfortable....my king size bed was actually two smaller beds pushed together, with a ridge right down the middle. The stairs and lobby and restaurant were all charming in their old style, like my grandmother's house was, but it doesn't make for terribly comfortable arrangements. A good place to stay if you're not planning to spend much time in your room.	
Jul 9 2009 	Love this Hotel	This is our favorite hotel in London---we have stayed here many times during the past 8 years and will always return. The staff are wonderful, breakfast is the BEST and we love the location---quiet, yet so close to the tube and good, small restaurants. It's a wonderful neighborhood to walk.	
Jun 23 2009	Gosh we like the Regency.	Although I always use tripadvisor, I have been surprised at the intense negative reactions with which some folks write about this hotel. This was my third stay at the Regency.My daughters and I met up in London for a girl trip -- shopping, theatre, chatting; we had arranged for two interconnecting rooms, a twin and a single. When I arrived early from my overseas flight, I was told if I wanted to get some breakfast, a room would soon be ready. They kept my suitcase, and after I'd eaten, one of our rooms was indeed ready and I got my key.  Everything was clean and worked well. They have installed new flat screen TVs in the bedrooms since our last visit.Yup, the rooms are small, but it's Europe and it's London. I guess I always pay more attention to the price and the location than to the number of stars a hotel gets when I set my expectations. I agree with those who say this is a nice 3 star hotel. We've almost always had excellent, cordial service both from the front desk and in the restaurant -- few of those working there are British, if that matters.The breakfast buffet used to be much better and now it's really just adequate, but my daughters loved the pancakes we had to pay £4 extra for.We stayed six nights and I would note that the internet was £10 for 24 hours of use -- not one day. That seemed completely reasonable to us.The tube strike was well underway when we were departing and the young man at the front desk was pleasant, helpful, and saved us some money in making arrangements to get to Heathrow and to Kings Cross Station.We'll stay again.	
May 22 2009 	Pleasant Stay	Overall a good experience. Location was in a nice neighborhood about a 10 min walk from the nearest Underground station (South Kensington).The staff was very helpful. They let us check in at 8am after 20+ hours of flying (huge props for that). They charged my camera battery each night behind the front desk using their outlet adapter (oops - brought my EU one but not the UK one). They supplied us with a good pocket map and pointed us in the right direction when we needed help.The hotel itself was very clean and polished, looked stately from the street, and felt very modern. We ended up with a pretty small room with only a small window (because we were near the top of the building and the architecture didn't allow a full window), but it was nice to prop open in the evenings and listen to the light street traffic below. The amenities were nice (we even had a trouser press in the room!), and the breakfast buffet was good as well (they even bring fresh toast to your table - toasted light or brown per your preference). Ate most of our &quot;hotel area&quot; meals at Zetland Arms or Bella Italia (both very good) down the street, so I can't really remark on the hotel restaurant or bar.Overall we enjoyed our stay, and though we'll probably try and stay a little closer to downtown next time we come to London, this was a great hotel, and we were pleased with our stay here.	
Apr 27 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	The hotel was booked by a friend. After reading the reviews here I was prepared to be very disappointed, but it was not as bad as I expected. The location and reception areas were fine. If you only use the lift you miss some impressive chandeliers on the stairwell. The room though was disappointing – very small, particularly for friends sharing, who might want a bit of personal space! We had a twin room on the 5th floor. There was only one chair – no room for a second – but my bed was comfortable and everything worked. The bathroom was a more reasonable size, with tub with shower over. Service was fine and breakfast (including cooked to order option) was good on a very crowded Sunday morning.Altogether OK experience but not good value – but what do you expect on London Marathon weekend?	
Mar 18 2009 	Not recommended!!!!	I booked this hotel as I was attending a business meeting there, and after looking at the website, was quite looking forward to my stay in a 4 star hotel. HOW WRONG could I have been - 4 star it most deffinately is not, 2 star would be more like it!!When I got to my small, dated and dingy room, with stained surfaces and a broken chair, the first thing I looked for was some hotel information - in the 'information folder' there was a list of TV channel, some writing paper and envelopes! Then there was a card telling you the breakfast times and what you could have delivered to your room for a charge, but it does not tell you what charge. Then there was the 24 hours menu, of which the majority is only available from 11am until 11pm, being a choice of 6 meals! Nothing about the hotel facillities. On my first night I ordered from the room service menu and was told it would be about 25 mins, as I have to be very careful what eat, I went through everything on the phone, only to discover on arrival of my order some 40 mins later that I couldn't eat it, so it was sent back, when I finally got a replacement I had waited an hour and 15 mins for my food! Which was over salted and dry!!The bathroom was small and the bath and sink both had hairs in them, this was shrugged off when I spoke to the uncaring reception staff. The tea facillities, which I eventually found in the wardrobe?! Contained plastic teaspoons - I just could not believe my eyes!!The bed was comfortable, not that I got much sleep due to the constant noise caused by very poor sound-proofing, to the extent that I could hear upstairs using the loo........... My room was hot, but I couldn't leave the window open at night for air, due to the noise and the air conditioning did not work.Then there were the coffee breaks from my meetings, as a smoker I wanted to take my coffee outside, which was a problem to one particularlly rude porter, who told me I couldn't do that as it breaches the licence - what licence is that, as it is coffee, not alcohol?!WiFI - £5 for 1 hour or £10 for 24 hours?Overall the hotel is very dated and shabby and the staff are untidy, not to mention not the politest I've met.As a hotelier myself, I am not in the habit of complaining or leaving bad reviews but sometimes it needs to be done.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great location and very accomodating	I got this hotel through Hotwire. If you do the same, beware because they list the Regency as a 4 star, and it's more like a nice 3 star. It's just in a ritzy area and I think that's why it gets the 4 stars. So, since I got it through Hotwire, I wasn't able to pick the bed for our room. We ended up with 2 single beds since I indicated that there were 2 guests. When we got to the hotel, they said there weren't any double sized beds available. &quot;Jack&quot; gave us a couple choices of single bed rooms and we ended up liking a room in the smoking section. The only thing I didn't like was that it smelled like smoke (obviously). Jack offered to freshen up the room for us and said that he would find another room with a double bed the next morning when he came into work. They were very accommodating and friendly. The room we ended up in was very quaint, but was clean. One weird thing that happened in the middle of the night while we were there, was that the fire alarm went off for about 30 seconds. Of course I freaked out, and called the reception and they said that it was false alarm. Just weird. It's about a five minute block to the subway, close to the museums and has plenty of restaurants to choose from near by. Bosphorus Kebabs was one our faves and it's inexpensive! Also, their Wifi was 5 pounds for one hour, and I forgot how much for 24 hours, but you get the picture...5 pounds for only ONE HOUR!	
Feb 2 2009 	Just ok	I stayed in this hotel for one night in November. I booked a single room as I was staying on business. The night I stayed the hotel was fully booked so they couldn't upgrade me although my colleagues who'd booked single rooms on other occassions did get free upgrades to doubles. The location of the hotel is good especially since I was travelling alone, there were plenty of places to eat around the hotel (Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Bella Italia, Carluccios, a few pubs etc) and it was about a 5/10 minute walk to the tube station. I chose to eat in the hotel and the food was very nice. There seemed to be alot of people staying on business so I felt comfortable in this hotel. The rooms are very basic but are ok just for one night. I don't think i'd stay there again as the rooms could do with updating and I think you can probably get better value elsewhere. If I had to stay there again I would, but wouldn't necessarily recommend it.	
Jan 18 2009 	Everything was very much OK !!!	After we booked our Citytrip by Holidayline.be, I did read the latest 5 reviews on the Regency Hotel and I was shocked and worried especially about the comments concerning the hygiene! We don't need great luxury, but normal comfort and cleanness of the room and certainly the bathroom and toilet , are an absolute must for us! Even with the assurance of Holidayline that the hotel was OK, we arrived with a little doubt because of the contradiction of the reviews.....So we were extremely pleased to find everything at the hotel as it should be !!! The staff was friendly polite and helpful. Although the room, bathroom + toilet were not very large, it was comfortable enough and perfectly clean. Also the (continental) breakfast buffet was more than adequate.We wonder if the people who wrote the bad reviews were staying at the same hotel, (or if it is a bad prank ?!) because according to our experience nothing of their comments about the hygiene, the staff or the breakfast are true !!!We certainly can recommend this hotel as very good !Free and Juliette from Antwerpen, Belgium14 - 17.01.2009	
Nov 29 2008	Don't stay here! Not worth your money	Not worth your money.. You pay a decent amount to just sleep here.To get online is any extra 9 pounds! To get a bottle opener another 9 pounds! Using the business center 4 pounds for 30 minutes! they charge extra for everything. Parking is a few blocks away and it is 3 pounds and hour. The only thing included in your stay is the bed and some towels. The toilets weren't even clean... I will avoid the description. It seems like it would be nice, but it wasn't. We stayed at another hotel near St. Paul Church and it was much better and 38 pounds cheaper and included everything.	
Oct 28 2008 	Outdate hotel in a nice location	We went to London for a trade show in Earl's Court and were booked into this hotel by our travel agency. The hotel's web-page claims that Earl's court is 5 minutes away, however it you would normally it would take you about 15 - 20 minutes.Upon arrival of our group the reception had already prepared the room keys for us, so we were able to get to our rooms in record time. However, this is were the good things end. First of all we only got one room key, which might be okay if you travel with your family, but if you have to share a room with your colleague it is really unpractical. The key had to be returned to reception every time you left the hotel, something I have not done for the last 10 years or so.Also the interior of the room was quite old-fashion and heavily used, for example the doors of our cabinet would not even close properly. The room did not have a safe to store laptops or other important items. The bathroom was extremely small, you were lucky if you could turn around in the shower.WLAN was available for 5 GBP/hour or 10 GBP/day but did not work in our room (on the 5th floor) so we had to access the Internet from the lobby.The breakfast was terrible, only a few types of bread, some ham and cheese. Something you would expect in a 2 star hotel. If the breakfast is not included in your room I would highly recommend to eat somewhere else.So in summary, good service and nice location, but the property really is in a bad shape.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great London Hotel	Sadly, the Hotel Astor, South Kensington, London, recommended by Rick Steves, who we find a great source of information for europe, lost our reservation, and muddled up a previous stay with them last year, even after written confirmation, and we had been staying with them for about 6 years.They hastily booked us into the Regency Hotel , and phoned us the day of our departure for London at 5:30 a.m. our time to tell us this, which made for a very long and tiring day as we could not go back to sleep after their call. But they actually did us a favor.After staying with the Hotel Astor for about 5 or 6 years, as we go to London at least once a year to visit friends and family, we will now be staying at the Regency Hotel, which is in a very good location between South Kensington and Gloucester Road Underground stations. We stayed with the Regency Hotel one night upon arrival and two nights before returning home, and each time we received a room upgrade, the second time to suite.The room price was very reasonable for London, and included a fantastic buffet and hot cooked breakfast, one of the best we have had when traveling.This is also a full service hotel, with gym, business facilities, restaurant and bar. We will definitely be returning to this hotel whenever we go to London as we find the South Kensington area a very good location, quiet - AND CLOSE TO HARRODS!I cannot recommend the Regency Hotel more highly.Jill PerkinsSan Rafael, California	
Oct 7 2008 	Just Don't!!!!	This was a hotel booked for me by my office as my usual stay in London, also on Queen's Gate is currently closed for refurbishment.I was almost pleased when I saw the booking come through and I noticed it would be a change from the usual.How incredibly disappointed I was.Although claiming to be a four star hotel this is anything but. Once past the smart reception area, the hotel corridors are poorly decorated and looking extremely tired.My extremely small double room was on the second floor. Although it was October it was stiflingly warm and far to stuffy. To make matters worse the air conditioning was not working. Neither was the tiny television which appeared to be from the 1980's. After complaining to reception about the state of my room to an incredibly obnoxious member of staff I was told that A/C would not be available as it was winter!!?? After 10 minutes discussion and repeated requests, I was finally granted the use of air conditioning in my small room. Once my room was almost inhabitable I sat down at the desk to try and do some work. Despite being a four star hotel, wifi is not available free of charge and requires a further payment of £10.Once work was finished I rang room service for an evening drink. I was told by reception someone would call me back very shortly to take my order. 45 minutes later, and I gave up waiting.If this is the only hotel with availabilty left in London, then just stay at home. How this hotel ever qualified for four stars I have no idea.Rubbish hotel, rubbish service, rubbish staff.Just don't bother	
Sep 17 2008 	hmmm mixed reviews	ok, im not a fussy person, and this is my honest review.1 night - £100, not expensive in the way of London hotels, but enough for me to spend out, we go to London every year as we find its a great place to visit.Hotel was fantastic looking outside, and when inside it was clean and tidy, we were given our room key and made our way through a maze of hallways and downwards and upwards staircases.reception took my credit card and swiped it - but didnt tell me why - 1 week later i had £50 on it - i phoned credit card co and they told me it was a &quot;dummy&quot; transaction which was incase we broke anything they could charge us - fair enough but we were not told about this in the beginning from hotel staff - at the end of the day its my personal details they are using !!!! - very poor communication and information. i didnt really like the staff - they were very intimidating - anyway . . . . . . . . .room was at end of long narrow corridor, key bit difficult to operate on first use, but hey. room long and narrow, good size and large bed but thats about it, no pictures and the tall windows went out onto a concrete courtyard. but its london! portable tv which stood on a stained vanity unit and would only pick up the tiniest amount of singal, but again we didnt really watch it.my main complaint would be the bathroom, again i am not a clean freak - but when it comes to the bathroom i like it to be spotless as at the end of the day it comes into contact with skin!!! toilet was not very clean and tiles on were either stained or very old - i couldnt tell which.my main grip would be the bath - there was human &quot;downstairs&quot; hair all over it - and im not talking just one or two, i couldnt believe it - this is awful !!! lucky for me i travel with wipes so i cleaned the bath before using it.not a bad stay - didnt stay for breakfast as it was something rediculous price for it - we ate in the small cafe down the road near tescos - it was lovely, and the price was great too - and no waiters hanging about (my pet hate) if its one night your after- its not bad, anything more than that - go elsewhere	
Aug 16 2008	Never stay at this very creepy place.	For God sake just stay away, this Hotel is the worst in the world…	
Jul 28 2008 	Never again	I quite like the South Ken area and I was looking forward to the nice hotel with &quot;modern standards of comfort&quot; - I booked for GBP 117.00, after all. The exterior is grand - but the lobby was slightly shabby already. And nobody bothered to help me with my lagguage at the check-in. It came worse : the room was really outdated, looked like they haven't changed anything since the 70s. The worn carpet felt dirty. I felt like in a cheap hostel for backpackers (except the price...).I was not in a mood to try their breakfast, so I can't review that.The only positive thing is the area : the tube (7-8 min. walk), lots of restaurants, the museums, etc. I changed hotel after one night (to much better and somewhat cheaper...).	
Jul 3 2008	Loved the Regency	I was at this hotel with a small group and was unsure of what to expect after reading some of the reviews on this hotel. Upon arriving at the hotel we were impressed by the professional and helpful staff and clean rooms. The rooms are not large by American standards, but not many hotels in Europe have American sized rooms. The elevator in this hotel was huge for a European lift. The rooms were neat and clean with all of the amenities one would expect from a 4* hotel. The location was great, right in South Kensington walking distance to the V&amp;A, Natural History Museum, Hyde Park... and minutes from the Gloucester Road tube station and the South Kensington tube station. The hotel restaurant was lovely and the breakfast was more than adequate.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great location nice hotel second visit	I stayed at this hotel again because I had a good stay in 2005. The location is excellent, between the So. Kensington and Glouchester tubes, surrounded by restaurants and shops and a self-service laundromat just a block away which was great. When I first arrived, I was given a room on the 5th floor right across from the elevator - the windows were too high to see out, and the bathroom door hit the toilet when the door opened, Since I was staying a week, I went back to the front desk and requested a room with windows I could see out, and away from the elevator. The lady who checked me in was not happy, but the manager transferred me to a room on the 3rd floor, away from the elevator, with a nice view of the street, and a bigger bathroom.It was a great stay.... the price included a lovely full breakfast that included about anything you could want, and though I don't usually eat breakfast, it was just great - the summer berries were fabulous and the dining room is really nice. The room was very clean and well-laid out. They provide a hair dryer and a trouser press, that I used for my wrinkled suitcase clothes. It was quiet, and I will return if I go back to London. I had to request a new bar of soap after about four days, but other than that, it was a perfect stay, and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 2 2008 	Delightful Hotel	We have just returned from 5 nights at the Regency and loved the experience. We are Australians and were visiting London on holidays as tourists. The hotel was clean and well appointed and the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is very close to the South Kensington underground and there are many super restaurants nearby and laundromats etc; but being on a side stret, the hotel was very quiet at night.The breakfasts were excellent.Our room had sufficient space and everything worked well. The bathroom was small but adequate and very clean.We both look forward to staying at the Regency again.	
May 27 2008	Loved The Regency Great	we have got back from are stay in hotel regency what a great hotel staff were lovely, room was not at all small had everything you needed very clean ,breakfast lovely overall it was exellent thank you very much for looking after us B .JONES J. JONES N.WALES 24/5/08	
May 18 2008 	Worst Place; very unprofessional disdainful staff	Stayed here for 8 days during first ever trip to London. Staff were rude and dismissive. Dining room managers were the worst. Basically if you don't appear to be of Eastern European descent (as most of the staff appear to be), you are treated with disdain. When we asked for a ridiculous situation to be corrected (dining room mgr seated us by drafty entrance morning after morning for breakfast even though the center of the room, which was closer to the buffet tables, were empty, the managers claimed that they were held for people with &quot;reservations&quot;. However, breakfast was included and all one had to do was show up between certain hours. No reservations were required, and there were no signs indicating certain areas were reserved. When we asked to be seated away from the doors after the third time (it was freezing in London at this time), we couldn't get any coffee service. After waiting 20 min for coffee and observing the two managers walkiing by our table several times with coffee pots, smugly glaring at us while serving nearby tables, we flagged down a waitress. The poor waitress was apologetic, and said that she must have misunderstood (apparently, she had been told by the managers not to &quot;disturb [us] with coffee or tea&quot;) After that, we just skipped the &quot;free&quot; breakfast.. Besides our discomfort, by then we were pretty sick of the same few breakfast choices. We then made the mistake of having the front desk call us a taxi for our return trip to Victoria Station (to Gatwick). The &quot;taxi&quot; that arrived was not one of the characteristic black vehicles marked &quot;taxi&quot;; it had no meter and there was no ID anywhere in the cab. The ride cost 3x what the same trip had cost from Victoria to the Hotel in a metered cab. When we questioned the driver, he said that it cost more be'c we had placed our luggage on the front seat (rather than in the trunk). He showed us a badly typed up sheet, indicating the charge for this &quot;service&quot;. However, it was the bellman and the driver who had put our luggage on the front seat; we were never consulted. It was clear that the driver was well-known to the hotel staff.The Concierge was fine, but the rest of the staff gave you the impression that they were superior to you. The way they glared at you made you feel very uncomfortable and hesitant about asking for any situation to be rectified. Loved London and will go back to visit again, but will never stay at this very creepy place.	
May 3 2008 	Dreadful! Avoid!	I was booked into this hotel for a business trip. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in in London. Horrible. Bleak ,dated , small room with ancient Grundig portable TV. Furniture stained with many cup rings. Noisy. Dark. Miserable.Asked for a change of room - reception rude and dismissive. They could not care less whether you are happy or not.Room service slow and food just about edible.As I was checking out the next morning a couple were complaining about their noisy room and asking for a change for the rest of their stay. The answer from the receptionist? 'Go to the pharmacy down the road and buy earplugs' .... now that's what I call customer care!	
Apr 28 2008 	Nightmare In Room 243	Most disturbing nights sleep ever! Kept awake all night by the sound of loud ticking clock, after several investigations in the middle of the night discovered it was coming from the wall behind the bed. On complaining next morning, duty manager pointed out there was a huge electric meter on the other side of the wall on the stair well, on looking at this there were two clocks ticking away! Told other people had complained of noise before, so why put people in there! Also, the room was a dump, discoloured old washed out bedding and towels, not even a picture on the wall, like cell block H! Offered afternoon tea as compensation, refused, disgusted. No way a 4 star hotel. Stay at the Millenium Gloucester Road, 4 star, heaps better!	
Apr 6 2008	loved it	Dont know what people are complaining about.Lovely hotel.I stayed with my two daughters aged 16 and 20.Our room was a triple room very spacious...yes not the ritz but clean and very quiet and the restaurant was spacious with lovely bar and conservatory.The continental breakfast was excellent.Excellent italian eateries in south kensington.10/10 choice to stay.No rowdy people and great customer service.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel just after Christmas in 2007. We turned up at 5am in the morning and weren't due to book i until 2pm that afternoon. However our rooms were available and the lovely staff let us in early without a problem and didn't charge. We stayed there for just over a week and really enjoyed it. The rooms aren't huge but they are comfy and clean. It is located close to the tube and near heaps of fab restaurants. We would deffinately stay there again it was great!	
Feb 10 2008 	Excellent value	This was an excellent hotel situated very conveniently near to a tube station and for anyone visiting Knightsbridge or Kensington it was absolutely ideal. The hotel itself is very welcoming and well furnished on entry. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The restaurant was excellent and we enjoyed dinner there on our arrival. Breakfast was superb with a very varied choice suitable for every possible taste. The bedrooms were immaculately clean and warm with good facilities. If we had a complaint it was that the bedroom and bathroom was small but we knew that before we went, having read reviews prior to booking, so that was not a problem for us.We felt the price we paid was good value for money, given that we were staying in a more expensive part of London and we did shop around on the internet for the best deal at that hotel.	
Jan 19 2008 	Good Location	As others have mentioned, the decor in the room was somewhat dated however it was clean and comfortable. As with most reasonably priced hotels in London, the rooms are not large!The staff were professional and efficient allowing us to leave bags for collection later on our day of departure.The Hotel is located just a short walk to South Kensington and Gloucester Road Tube stations, Harrods, and Museums. There are also several reasonably priced Pubs, Restaurants and Coffee Shops in the immediate vicinity.	
Jan 9 2008 	bad very very bad	it was 4 star hotel, but 20 years ago!! very small rooms, the suite was bigger, but a lot more expensive, very old. clean but it felt dirty and dark. will never use again.	
Jan 2 2008 	There are better places for the money	This was not even close to 3.5 stars which hotwire had this hotel listed as. The price was good thru hotwire, but the service was not very good. The room was small and creaky and not in the best shape, and we could hear people walking and talking around us. The Jury Kensington is across the street and was much nicer. I wouldnt stay here again.	
Dec 7 2007 	Good Standard accommodation	Stayed at the Regency when I attended a business course at the hotel.After reading previous reviews I was unsure what to expect but was, however pleasently surprised. I was upgraded from a single to a twin bedded room on the ground floor. Although not a big room it was exceptionally clean, the bed linen was freshly laundered and bathroom of a high standard.There was occasion noise from other guests retiring to bed late but nothing too disturbing (and I am a light sleeper!).The breakfast was disappointing - buffet style and not that hot. Lunch was much better. Lots of choice of salads, smoked salmon etc and also a carvery! Nicely cooked and presented. The desserts were good too!The hotel is ideally situated, within walking distance from the underground and Harrods.	
Nov 13 2007 	terrible	We stayed here on our first night in London,we were meant to stay here another three nights but the staff and overall condition of this place was so unbelievably bad that we went and stayed at a motel around the corner,even though our stay was pre payed and we were to recieve no refund,that was how unhappy we were.The staff and management we think were the worst,if we were made to feel welcomed and maybe got a smile or two we could put up with the small unpleasant room and stinky bathroom,but the staff were so pompous and unfriendly,we couldnt stand to stay there another night,we recommend anywhere else but the regency,its really a joke.	
Oct 30 2007 	Comfortable for a few days stay	I stayed here for 4 nights while attending a work training nearby. I stayed in a Single room which was on the 6th (top) floor, and while it was a bit on the small side (it IS London!) it was comfortable and spotlessly clean. It is in a nice neighborhood, within easy walking distance of the South Kensington Tube station, and close to a few Museums. One downside was that one of the two elevators broke down the day after I arrived, and I didn't see it working again for the rest of my stay.There is a fitness centre, but the additional charge of 10 pounds per day for guests is awfully steep! The Breakfast Buffet is huge... bring an appetite!	
Oct 26 2007 	Needs some renovation	The Regency is not anymore what it was... for example in my room I had a VHS recorder!? The rooms need renovation, as also the bathrooms. The breakfast was good and staff was friendly. Bar has no ambiance.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great location...not so great value for money	Great location, walking distance to all the Kensington attractions (Harrods etc), museums (eg V&amp;A), tube with a direct line to Heathrow, and plenty of eateries both in Kensington and down Old Brompton Road. However, although the area is nice and outside appearance lovely, the rooms and bathrooms here disappoint and are small for a 4* even by UK standards, the buffet breakfast only of average quality, and our shower pressure was very poor even after a maintenance visit. You can definitely get better value for money either in this area or elsewhere in London.	
Sep 23 2007	Awful overpriced and cramped.	A prime example of the rip-off that London Hotels have become. From the rude reception staff to the minute room, the lack of even a kettle to to the malfunctioning 20 year old TV set this hotel disappoints. As a 6ft 5 man, a single child sized bed and 1980s sheets and blankets were simply unacceptable. As an ex-Londoner, who visits the capital regularly for work, I would be embarassed to take a visitor here!! And £6 for a bottle of water??????	
Sep 21 2007 	Excellent Stay	My husband and I were surprised at how small the room was when we first entered our hotel room, but after some getting used to, this was a wonderful hotel to stay in. The bed was comfortable, everything was always very clean and neat. The tub was very narrow, but long. The shower head was a little low, which mades it hard if you are tall! But overall the room was great. The breakfast in the morning was amazing, excellent selection of food for a continental breakfast. The location was perfect and close by to great restaurants and shopping. We walked everywhere, and there was always something interesting to see. Some of the staff at the hotel were a litte rude, but we were not there to make friend with the staff, so if one is not concerned with that, then this is a great place to stay overall. If we go to London again, I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 15 2007 	Nice on the outside...	I booked a single room through Hotwire and the price paid was the only redeeming thing about the stay.The hotel is in a lovely location, although to be fair there are a lot of hotels in this area so the location shouldn't be a reason to choose the Regency. Its helpful to keep in mind that midrange London hotels tend to have small rooms and a lower standard of upkeep than in other big cities.My single room was in the basement and was tiny which would have been alright if it wasn't also in dire need of matinence. Drawers were missing from the nightstand and the room had peeling pain, yellowing appliances (the hairdryer had seen better days. Overall it was a dingy and depressing place and I was glad to not spend much time in it.The service at the hotel was very good i found both the bellhop and the front desk staff to be kind, friendly and helpful. However I would not stay here again nor recommend it. The room I had was far to run down and dingy. I'm not sure if this was just a bad room or a trend for the hotel but it seemed the farther one got from the lobby the shabbier things were.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great hotel location price and service	My wife and I had a great experience at this hotel even though we had to change rooms due to a very noisy air conditioner. The hotel is a maze of hallways and stairwells which made it slightly difficult to get to our room with our luggage but the good outweighed the bad and made up for it. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the food in the restaurant was amazing and the people were very friendly and accomodating. The location, Queen's Gate, was pretty central to everything. The hotel is a short walk to the tube and several pubs and restaurants. The Zetland Arms has amazing fish and chips. Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved the hotel	My future daughter-in-law and I spent 7 nights at The Regency. We shared a room and although small, it was just a base to for us. The room and bathroom were clean. The lobby was very lovely and the staff was always helpful. I am surprised by some of the negative reviews as we just were thrilled with the hotel and the location. It was so close to the tube, to all kinds of little stores and shops and we were able to walk to the Harrods - our favorite place. There was a TESCO's nearby and we were able to pick up a snack after a late night out. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 26 2007 	It was okay I suppose	This looked impressive from the outside in a seemingly classy area of London, but really the rooms were small and basic, the concierge directed us to park on a double yellow line (luckily my boyfriend thought better of it as we saw later some clamped cars). The staff only spoke broken English which made communciation difficult. Room service was slow, but food was okay. I am coming to realise this is the best you can expect in London, which compared to similar rated hotels i have stayed in in Spain and Malta makes me question the standards of hospitality we are willing to accept. It was okay, bit don't let the exterior and location fool you.	
Jun 25 2007 	Excellent location	We stayed for 2 nights mid-week on a city break after our wedding. The reception staff were helpful and the reception is impressive. The room was neat and clean, although when we arrived the interconnecting door with the adjacent room was unlocked, the porter arrived within minutes to lock it though. the bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning was very quiet, so we slept well. The only downside was the bathroom which was very small, the door hinged inwards, which made it difficult to close once inside (standing in the bath was the best option to close it) and the shower head was not at a level for anyone over 5ft 6in.The breakfasts were sustantial with plenty of choice and available until 11am, which was great.Generally the hotel was good, staff polite, clean and very well located for the tube. Would return here.	
Jun 16 2007 	Average hotel rude night staff	2 day business trip.Very convenient for access to tube.Hotel exterior and lobby impressive. Downstairs restaurant feels like something from 30 years ago, but food OK at breakfast time with a reasonable selection of hot options.Allocated an unimpressive small room with 2 very small beds. Bathroom OK, water pressure not the best. I returned to hotel bar one evening with several colleagues for a nightcap and we were treated very badly by the night staff, who clearly wanted us out the way. These guys were just rude and the best time to employ them is during the hours of darkness where they can minimise their contact with guests.Probably would not return.	
Jun 8 2007 	Rare quality and value in London	We booked this hotel on the basis of a recommendation from friends and were not dissappointed. The purpose of our visit was a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and the hotel is well positioned for this venue along with the museums and other attractions of Kensington and Chelsea. The rooms are quite small as is often the case in London but very well presented and modern. Very clean but just a little mould in the grouting in the shower.Breakfast is excellent with a good range and standard of presentation.All of the staff were welcoming and although a large hotel in a capital city we did not feel faceless.	
May 11 2007 	Nice building but not worth the extra cost	After staying at a number of B&amp;B's in London, The Regency seemed like it should be an upgrade. I paid about triple the price and found that, while the building is impressive looking and clean enough, it was not much an upgrade. The conceirge was snooty and unhelpful, the room very small for the price, and all location amenities were only available at additional excessive prices. The staff also rattles equipment in the hallway in the middle of the night, and this awoke me on two separate occasions. Overall, I was not that impressed and would not stay again barring a significant decrease in price.	
May 4 2007 	a marvelous Hotel	We made a 5 day city trip to London and stayed at the Regency. a chique hotel in a monumental building with a high standard of service. We come from the Netherlands and are used to old monumental buildings. So we were disappointed in reading reviews on this page. Luckaly our findings were quite the opposite. We booked two standard bedrooms on the backside of the hotel. Through this site we asked for a non smoking bedroom. A classy chique hotel. The rooms vary in sizes(a smaller bedroom has a larger bathroom). a tastefull buffet with english and continental breakfast is served. Situated a 3 minutes walk from subwaystation South Kensington. A perfect location for visiting the highlights of London. We enjoyed staying here and would like to recommend this hotel to anyone	
Apr 8 2007 	Overall comfort and great location	Our travel agent loves this hotel and sends many of his business clients there. It's in a great location on the blue tube line.Upon arrival we noticed the lobby was clean, comfortable and they had a fire going which added to the ambiance of the hotel.Our actual room was small, but the beds were comfortable. Apparently having a small room is standard in London.It didn't include breakfast and we had to pay an extra 10 pounds each to eat at the buffet in the morning, but it was worth it.Almost everyone who worked at the hotel was friendly except the food and beverage manager. He wouldn't let me take my muffin that I couldn't eat up to the room. I found that to be a disappointment especially since I knew the muffin would just go to waste.Anyways it was a lovely hotel in a great location, but if I didn't have the special we had, I probably wouldn't think it to be worth the price.	
Mar 21 2007 	Very welcoming hotel	We have just returned from staying at this hotel and would definitely use it again. The reception staff were extremely welcoming and efficient and the concierge was very friendly and helpful.Our double room was small but comfortable and and had everything that we needed. We had no view at all but this did not matter to us on this occasion.;If we were staying for a few days we would probably request a room with a better outlook.Our overnight stay included buffet style full english breakfast which was superb, everything was delicious.The position of the hotel would be ideal for anyone spending a night or longer holiday in London as it is in a beautiful area and very convenient for a base to explore.The main reason i would recommend this hotel is the efficient and friendly staff and the great breakfast.	
Jan 29 2007	Average stay at The Regency nice base but nothing special	Have just spent one night at the Regency Hotel in Kensington. We booked a &quot;superior double champagne room&quot; as a post-Christmas treat without the kids.Glad we opted for a &quot;superior room&quot; as it wasn't terribly big (I dread to think what an average size room was). Nice comfy bed but dark furniture quite dated and small tv balanced on a little table.Bathroom white and okay but looked a bit tired.Reception staff reasonly okay but not terribly friendly apart from young lad serving in the bar.Reception and bar areas very nice and looked luxurious with plenty of space in both to sit and unwind and have a drink (preferable to staying in the room I would think).We only used the room as a base as we were seeing a show but I wouldn't have wanted to spend much time in the room.Layout of hotel a bit weird - we were on the first floor which involved going up and then back down a flight of stairs but we soon found our way around.Breakfast the next day the usual buffet style with selection of cheeses, fruits and the usual cooked breakfast - a bit pricey at £10 a head (£15 a head if you didn't decide until the morning) but you could eat as much as you wanted.Good, safe location though and nice and quiet, plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance.Would recommend &quot;Il Falconiere&quot; Italian Restaurant which was just 5 mins walk along the Old Brompton Road - genuine Italian staff, very friendly and wonderful food and wine - quite reasonable prices as well.	
Jan 24 2007	Terrible room	I stayed at this hotel for only one night mid-December. First impressions were mixed - no-one to assist at the door with my cases as I arrived, and no-one to take them up to my room. The lobby was warm and inviting though, with a fire glowing at one end. But it was the room which was absolutely one of the worst I have stayed in (the Strand Palace comes close!). It was also extremely difficult to get to. the lifts took me so far, but then I had to traverse a block, meaning I had to haul my cases up a further flight of steps until I finally made it to my room. I had booked a single room, but it was the smallest room I'd ever seen. The decor was very poor, wth paper peeling from the wall. The tv was a very dated 12&quot; portable on the 'desk' which was only 2ft from the bed. I have had much better rooms in B&amp;B establishments. On leaving I noticed a Jury's hotel across the road and may try that next time. I cannot recommend the Regency at all.	
Jan 12 2007 	Do not stay here	Booked a four night stay through hotwire for two people, even though I was travelling alone. Thought the rate was good- until I saw the tiny dark room room that they pass off as a room for two people. Two dull bedside lamps are the only illumination, the double bed only fitted because it was against two sides of the room.The bathroom was tiny and the fittings very old.The 'nominal charge' wireless internet (it was ten pounds) fails to work more often than not.Do not stay here!	
Jan 2 2007 	Not a great Experience Decent Value	We spent New Years Eve in London and booked a room through Hotwire to help keep price down for a one night stay.The Good: The Regency was very easy to get to and a very short walk from the South Kensington Tube Station. The neighborhood felt very safe to be in at all hours. Great access to centeral london. The Bad: There are hotels that you come across that seem to add features to raise their &quot;star&quot; level yet fail to pay attention to customer service and the interior quality of their rooms. This was a such a place. I am suprised that Hotwire would affiliate themselves with this style of hotel.The building was beautiful, complete with a doorman and bellhop, and had a restaurant inside. However my wife and I ended up in a first floor room with two twin beds that smelled of smoke despite being a non-smoking room (even though an ashtray was in the room). The room was small and seemed to be last renovated long ago. Certainly a contrast to the excellent presentation in the lobby area. The door only had a single lock that was locked with a traditional key instead of keycard. The bathroom was dirty with paneling falling off the bathtub and towels that were stained. The television set did not play all the channels. We called up the front desk and asked to be moved and told that they would call us back. After sitting for a period of time in limbo we finally had to return to the front desk where we were told no other &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms were available.I would reccomend this hotel only to those wanting close proximity to Kensington/Knightsbridge at a good value and really only wanting a bed to sleep in. I personally believe that better can be found with a little extra effort at the same rate near the Tower of London / South Bank. It is definitely not a place I would consider for families or other groups wanting to spend longer periods of times in their rooms.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great value small rooms convenient/safe location	We just stayed 3 nights at the Regency Hotel on Queen's Gate. This is a nice European style hotel situated in a fairly affluent part of London. There were lots of families and Porsches in the neighborhood. Our rooms were small, clean, and only moderately comfortable. The front desk staff was not friendly, but the bellmen/concierge were very helpful.The first night they did not have rooms available, so they put my wife and I in a room with two beds. The beds were small, but comfy, and the room was the size of my college dorm room. Each room had it's own bathroom, which is not always the case in Europe.The second night they gave us a full size bed, which was not comfortable at all. The room size was the same, but the bath was slightly larger and had a tub rather than just a shower stall.Overall, the hotel is conveniently located within a block and a half of the Gloucester Tube station or the South Kensington Tube station on the Piccadilly Line. We felt very safe in the neighborhood. The area also had lots of shops, cafes, etc.	
Nov 24 2006	value for money	We booked the Harrods-package and got vouchers, wine, cocktail and a very nice dinner in the restaurant.Best part, however, was the excellent service given by the staff.Room was small but clean.	
Oct 11 2006 	My Favorite London Hotel	I LOVE this hotel. When I travel abroad, I never like to stay in the &quot;American&quot; hotels or ones which cater to business travelers. Breakfast ranges from traditional British choices to American. Try an omelet with fresh smoked Scottish salmon. The rooms are a bit small in some cases, but the real linen sheets and the atmosphere of the hotel make up for it all. One &quot;secret&quot; of the hotel is a very nice health club in its basement which few travelers use, and cost about 5 pounds extra per day. Very quiet and peaceful. It's also located close to the South Kensington &quot;tube&quot; station, lots of restaurants and shops. It's a very safe area for walking day and night. If you prefer American-style chain hotels, this one is not for you.	
Sep 19 2006 	Enjoyed two week stay!	. The hotel was clean, comfortable and well located in a quiet neighborhood near the South Kensington Underground station.The staff was courteous and responsive to our requests. There are a variety of restaurants nearby and it is a short walk to the V&amp;A, Natural History Museum, Kensington Park and Royal Albert Hall. I will definitely return to the Regency on my next trip to London.	
Aug 19 2006	August 2006 - really enjoyed stay	Stayed for a week and really enjoyed our stay. This is a three star hotel, in terms of amenities and presentation within. If you expect four stars, likely you'll be disappointed.We paid about 55 pounds/night. Absolutely terrific hotel at that price - I mean, there are a lot of terrible hotels in London that ask more than that price.First, the location of the hotel is excellent. Look at the map. The South Kensington district is a middle class or upper middle class area, but there are also reasonably priced restaurants / cafes around. This is not in a tourist trap area. Getting to Picadilly Circus or the like is about 15 min by subway.Location deserves more explanation. It is safe at night, being well lit and the pedestrian traffic is a nice crowd. During the day, the area is really quite lovely. Three blocks north is large Hyde Park (Princess Diana memorial within). Two blocks north are three museums that a lot of tourists frequent. To south is a lovely shopping area, particularly on King St. It is a very walkable neighbourhood, in all four directions. Harrods is about a 12 to 15 min walk away.I do not doubt that the hotel is able to charge 100 pounds / night, as the location is really a draw, I suspect. Hotel does look very nice from the street.The hotel itself, as one of the early reviews stated, is a row of about 8 townhouses that have been melded into one hotel. This creates an awkward or quaint (depending on your perspective) hallway system for some, though not all, rooms - i.e. your hallway may turn left, up a step, then turn right and down four steps, then turn left and up two steps, then turn right before you go down a long hallway to your room. Since we were probably given a lesser room, that was our first introduction to the room. But we found another, faster route and in any event, this didn't bother us at all.Point being, if you have heavy luggage or have mobility problems, definitely ask for help from the bellhop re: your luggage.The room itself was nice. We had two twin beds. Room area was about 10 feet by 16 feet, plus the bathroom / front door area. The bathroom was an additional 8 feet by 6 feet and comfortable. Beds and bathroom were all relatively new. Had an air conditioner unit which we used only once, but it worked fine. We had a room along the back of the hotel and it was quiet. Expect that the front of the hotel is also quiet during the day and at night. We had no complaints about the room.Hotel staff were, as stated in a few reviews, indifferent. The maid staff were nice, with choppy English. The front desk staff did not (not sure why) acknowledge people walking in / out of the hotel. I am not trying to exaggerate or make a point, but they were pretty indifferent - even looking up or, if they saw you then acknowleding you with a slight smile or nod, was nonexistent for an entire week. No effort by the staff, at all, to make a connection or be pleasant.Having said that, when we had to speak or approach the desk, they were fine - both helpful and effective.In total, would stay again at this price, without hesitation. The location is excellent. Safe. Nice area to walk around. There are some inexpensive cafes or quick food around. There is a mini-supermarket (Tesco) a few minutes away - lifesaver - that is well stocked.Other particulars - 2 different internet shops beside the subway stop, charging 1 pound for 30 min. Laundromat one small block away. Two or three inexpensive cafes around. A 'pret a manger' store beside subway. The 'Pizza Organic' restaurant is reasonable. A Starbucks, as well as Nero coffeehouse, located right beside a magazine / newspaper shop. Flower shop close by. A bakery. A Chinese bare bones restaurant (pretty good) and a Japanese restaurant. There is a lot more around. We didn't bother eating at the hotel (because of prior reviews) and getting food, at various price points, is easy in this area.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Hotel	My family and I stayed at Regency Hotel for four days, and we had a great stay. We arrived 4 hours too early, but the room was already ready. We found the staff in the reception very polite, they brought our luggage to the room and helped us with the air condition. The hotel was also really near South Kensington Tube Station, and that was really neat. The area around the hotel was clean and we felt quite secure while in the neighbourhood, even at night.The room was small, but clean and comfortable. Soft bedclothes and big windows. Nice bathroom, though the toilet didn't flush properly. Nice with coffee and tea machine.The room was cleaned well every day. We got big, clean towels, and felt that quite comfortable there.The only bad experience we had, was the breakfast. Since we ordered online, breakfast was not included, and we had to pay £10 per person, per day, and that was way too much. So we ate breakfast at a small, italian baguette shop instead, between the hotel and the tube, paying £3,5 for a full english breakfast, or less if you just wanted toast with jam or something similar.Apart from that, we had a great stay, and I would advice you to chose this hotel if you want a nice London hotel. It's not a luxury hotel, but it's nice, clean and the staff is very polite.	
Jul 27 2006	Hated the Regency Hotel	My experience with the front desk staff within the Regency Hotel, was they were extremely rude, unhelpful and not interested in helping / servicing customers. The layout of the hotel is complicated and some rooms for example that relate to the first floor are on the ground floor, with some on the first floor and further others up various staircases. There was no airconditioning operating in the common hotel areas. Additionally, the staff were not helpful where a customer required or requested assistance.The room I was initially given was tatty overall &amp; very old, with a very small shallow shower cubicle with flimsy shower curtain where water would spill over onto the floor, the tv was small and cheap and the air conditioning did not work. Essentially the room was of 2* quality. The air conditioning did not work within the long hallways and passages, nor lifts and there was also no air conditioning in the foyer, nor the main lounge area of the hotel.Essentially I found the quality of the rooms akin to 2*. The service was additionally appalling.I would not waste my money on this hotel	
Jun 13 2006	very dated hotel	I recently stayed at this Hotel with my daughter. Our room was very small, the furniture was in a bad state, one of the drawers was missing. In the bathroom the shower attachment was coming off the wall, dangerous I would have thought. The grouting behind the shower was extremely filfthy, a breeding ground for germs.Our cooked English Buffet breakfast was stone cold, no toast was available or offered.The only good thing about the Hotel was the staff, they were friendly and helpful. The Hotel rooms need completely refurnishing.	
Jun 8 2006 	Well balanced	I always stay at this hotel when I can when working in London. For the reasonable price, the location is excellent, the staff attentive, friendly and professional and the breakfast good. For this you have to put up with small rooms.	
Jun 1 2006	loved it! will return!	The Regency is a great hotel- my husband and I are planning a return stay this fall. It is well located in a beautiful area in South Kensington- very accessible to the tube. The full English breakfast is outstanding! fried toast, heaven! The rooms are very small but that doesn't bother us- if you want a giant North American hotel room you aren't going to get that here. Clean and comfortable, with great in-room tea and coffee. When we checked in, our room wasn't quite ready, so they offered us complimentary tea service in the beautiful lobby- what a wonderful welcome to London! Great value, we highly recommend.	
Mar 28 2006	Very nice for the money!	Overall, this was a very nice place to stay as long as you aren't expecting it to be luxurious. It's cute, it's clean, it's quiet and it's in a great neighborhood. The nicest part of the stay was that for 75 pounds a night, they threw in breakfast, so we were treated to a very nice English breakfast every morning of our stay. I was staying during Spring break in March, which actually turned out to be an excellent time to be in London. It only rained once during the 6 days I was there and that was only for about an hour. The sun even came out for 3 of the days.This was my first trip to London so I have nothing to compare this room against. However, I was very pleased with my room and the hotel. Maybe it isn't 4 star by American standards but I found the room comfortable and well kept. The bathroom was quite spacious considering that many reviews mention how small the bathrooms are in many London hotels. We were provided with very nice soap and shampoo, the shower was hot every morning with a decent amount of water pressure, and the room was kept spotless by the chambermaid.I would agree with one other review which I read which mentioned the lack of dresser space. It's true that there was not much storage and I ended up piling my shirts on the desk chair and scooting it under the desk since I wasn't in London for business and wouldn't be needing the desk. I stayed with a companion for 6 days and we really didn't have that much of a problem with storage. You just have to be creative!	
Jan 6 2006	Charming but slightly overpriced	The Regency Hotel was the second hotel that I have stayed in in London, although vastly different to the first. The layout of the hotel is quite unusual, due to it being converted houses rather than purpose-built; this meant that we had to navigate various corridors, steps and doors to find our bedroom, although once we had learnt the way this was no problem at all (certainly not a hotel for travellers with mobility problems, though). The staff at the hotel were always friendly and courteous, and there were a variety of leaflets available advising tourists on what to visit. We didn't eat the hotel breakfast, as it was far too expensive - I would advise any visitors to try the patisserie around the corner from the hotel, excellent pastries and cakes, and very reasonably priced. Our room was quite small but perfectly adequate for a few days, as we spent most of the time out of the hotel. It was always clean and made up whenever we returned to the hotel. The hotel was very well-situated close to the Tube, and there were various restaurants nearby, which was useful for evenings when we didn't want to queue for tables in the busier areas like Covent Garden. I found the hotel to be overall very good, but I did however feel that it was a little too expensive for a 3* - for a small amount more, we could probably have stayed at a 4* hotel.	
Dec 12 2005	Exemplary Level of Customer Service - London Tourist Insustry Smile again!	My girlfriend and I had booked to see 'Les Miserables' at the Queen's Theatre in Soho (excellent by the way). Having read the reviews on 'TripAdvisor' and checked the rates (excellent), thought we'd give it a go for a stay on 10 December (Saturday). Queen's Gate for those who may not be aware is distinctively refined London; away from the great-mix of suburbia metropolitan life and set amongst a mix of well-managed tree-lined footpaths and non-littered streets. Quite sulubrious.On arrival we were lucky enough to find that residents' parking restrictions did not apply much past mid-day on the Saturday and all day Sunday. Surprisingly parking (free for the duration)was easy; a thirty second walk to the hotel as it happens.On entry, we were personally greeted by the concierge (a chipper chap, bow-bells bred and very helpful), I checked in having only booked that afternoon and the staff on reception immediately recognised the name and had details straight to hand. Checking in was no more than two minutes which was great as Les Mis starts at 7.30pm and we were slightly delayed en-route down.The room was spotless, on the ground floor and amply served with all the home comforts one could wish for. After the show, (you need to check out the cab driver that took us back; absolutely fantastic but more in a minute) we returned to the hotel. A large open fire with sumptious arm chairs waited as did the attentative well-mannered bar staff that served well-priced quality brandy and clear, crisp cold Stella. Debbie had the tea; not just tea mind you; an array of different pots and mixes that reminded me of the crockery section a la Harrods.The taxi driver: Call Karl who has his own TV fitted, walnut surrounded black-cab (you could see it's his pride and Joy). Couldn't do enough and regailed his (proven!) pick up experiences with the A-List celeb circle (I could see why actually); American film stars funnily enough. Karl can be contacted on 07702 669376 and we'll pick him up on return January 7 for the sales. (Just tell him Vinny Jones and a young Joanna Lumley and he'll remember!).All in all, the Regency is just that; Regent. If you need a welcoming comfortable break in easy reaching distance to Central London though well away from the horrors of some so-called 'four star hotels' (be aware), you'll not come much closer to finding a well-priced room for the night of two as you will do at the Regency Kensington. Have a great Christmas all.Kevin O'Connor (07813) 184735.	
Dec 7 2005	Nice and quiet hotel	I stayed in the Regency hotel for four nights. It is nicely located in a very quite street near some wonderful hotels (Natural history, Science, V and A, etc...). The front desk staff is very nice and helpful, and so are all the consierges. The rooms are a little bit small but quite comfortable. The breakfast buffet is pretty good and it has a lovely area with a fireplace in the main hall.I only have to complaint that a member of the staff knocked on our door at 7.00 am asking for an iron, what was quite annoying.Nevertheless, it is a very good option if you wish to stay in a quite hotel in London.	
Nov 27 2005 	Never coming back money to charity would be better spent	This hotel looks great on the outside, but is way down below a 4* hotel on the inside. Huge disappointment, in short.When we first arrived there, we were a bit early for the standard CHECK-IN time, and were told that there was no chance they could get us in. Thus, following a long wait for a delayed flight and a trip from the airport we were invited to take an 1.5-hour stroll in the neighbourhood. By the way, the LOCATION of this hotel is the only advantage, as this is a safe environment, close by to the Tube, and there is a selection of cafes and restaurants (Italian, Lebanese, Indian) in the vicinity, also a small Tesco store). So after we did manage to chek in, we got into the lift, and onto our floor. Very straight corridors, even a bit claustrophobic. Then the room. No key card, just ordinary old-fashioned keys (easy to lose). The room was small, very hot, the furniture outdated, although you could say it did had some old-English flair. I took a smoking room and specifically asked in advance whether one can open the window in the room (because of safety restrictions, some hotels in Europe don’t have this option any more, so you cannot air your room according to your desire). Another surprise - a notice next to the window - a warning that the window is broken and in the interest of their own safety guests are strongly advised not to open it, as some rooms are being refurbished! The bathroom - too basic for a 4* hotel - there was not even a shower cap available (although necessary, so I helped myself with an extra towel), no shoe-shine sponge, no sewing kit, nothing). Closets are small - too little for a longer stay. The room had no fridge, no mini bar, the tea making pot was broken, I did not even try the ironing board. It was clean, though, but this is a basic non-question for me. Of course, they are supposed to be clean.The room was very noisy, as the hotel has the worst insulation I have ever come across. You can really very clearly hear the guests from the tight corridors coming into their rooms, and the guests from upstairs - as the floor was, I suppose, initially wooden, and then carpeted over the VERY SQUEEKY wood. So, basically, you can hear everything that is going on in the corridor and in the room above you. I have been to England several times before, and I never bring adaptors for the English electric sockets. I have a powerful mobile, and I was lucky. Not so much a fellow traveller. As his mobile was almost empty, he went down to the reception to borrow an adaptor. What was the answer? Well, he can bring his mobile to the reception, leave it there and they would fill it up for him overnight, but they have no adaptors available to lend to their guests. &quot;In any case, you can go out and buy yourself one!!!&quot; Now I was really angry at the staff's attitude. Sure he could go and buy an adaptor, but is this a proper response in a 4* hotel?!The BREAKFAST facilities are located in the basement (the breakfast doesn’t start until 7 am, so this may prove a disaster for a business traveller or those who have an early flight to catch), no direct daylight. The selection was English breakfast and continental breakfast items. The sausages – plastic! I asked for tea, and was served one. But they didn’t bring me the pot of hot water, as they usually do. No, instead, they brought me a small cup, with hot water and a tea bag inserted!!! I asked what it was, and the lady, annoyed by my question, replied nervously that it was the only type available – English breakfast tea. Come on! One positive aspect though – the lobby is lovely and cosy, with nice colours, and a small working fireplace. But then again – the only newspaper available was the USA today, and absolutely nothing else.I travel a lot, only in the last two years, I have checked in at a least ten different hotels all across Europe. Will I ever return to this hotel? Definitely not; after the personal experience I had in this hotel, I would rather check in at a London youth hostel and give the rest of the money to charity. It would be better spent.P. S.: Another thing, and this was hilarious. I always read the information brochures in hotel rooms, just to get acquainted with their basic facilities, breakfast hours, wake-up calls etc. In the Regency hotel brochure, right at the end, in bold, there is a warning. I have never read ANYTHING like that before in any of the hotel brochures, and I broke into laughter. Basically it says that after 10pm no non-residents may stay in the room, and it goes into even further details. It says that all ladies and gentlemen of the night will be met with the police, and then in capital letter: YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.	
Nov 1 2005 	Held a meeting here and had wonderful service!	We recently hosted a sales training meeting at the Regency, utilizing both guest rooms, meeting rooms, catering services and the business center. While the rooms are small by American standards, our EU colleagues seemed fine with their accomodation. Our every whim was looked after by Daniel and Earl in conference services right down to running high speed internet into our meeting room. The hot buffet lunch was superb every day of our 4 day meeting. The hotel is ideally located and a nice walk to many area restaurants etc. for the evenings. I would not hesitate to use the Regency again for another group event!June H., Denver Colorado	
Sep 28 2005	Highly recommended - great location and air-con	Locating a hotel with air-con in London is not an easy task, so to find one in such a great location is a cause for celebration. The Regency is only 5-10 minutes' walk away from South Kensington tube, which is ideal both for Heathrow as well as anywhere in the centre of London. There are numerous bars/cafes/restaurants in the neighbourhood.The room I had was of average size, with the aforementioned air-con being its prime selling point in my eyes. It was clean and had a reasonable selection of toiletries in the bathroom, though no razor. Price of £100 per night was on the high side, but if you're like myself and willing to pay a premium to have a cool room, that's not so bad considering the competition.I definitely recommend this place for summer visitors - when the weather's colder, its value for money starts looking a bit suspect.	
Sep 15 2005	We loved it	I went with my wife for the first time to London. We booked one room at the Hotel Regency for our stay. Wonderful location, great neighborhood with restaurants and shops, just across the street. We walked at night, very safe. The tube has a good location. The room was small, but very clean. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 25 2005	A sister trip to London.	Just returned from 8 days in London at the Regency. It was fabulous. The Regency was a first class hotel. The staff were very helpful and courteous. The hotel was super clean and located in the best area for walking to the many sites of interest and the tube station. The area has excellent restaurants and pubs. Other than the TV satellite not available ( for end of the day viewing), I highly recommend the Regency Hotel in London. JM-USA	
Jan 15 2005	The quality of your stay really depends on your room....	My husband and I won a trip to Europe in late October 2004 and the trip included a three night stay at the Regency Hotel. The rating I have given is reflective of our room and our stay but I have also included another couples experience. We were given a room overlooking Queens Gate on either the 3rd or 4th floor (can't remember), we had two single beds with another single underneath which could have made it a triple. Our room was of average size, along with the bathroom, but we had two large windows and probably one of the best views in the hotel. Our room was quiet, clean and we were happy with it. The location was great - 10 minute walk to Kensington palace and to two tube stations. We had relatives from north east England who booked a room in the hotel to visit with us while we were there. They paid 100 pounds a night, (very pecial rate they were told, off season and weekend) no breakfast for what we all considered a very inferior, small room in the basement along a long corridor with a tiny window overlooking a brick wall. We stayed in their room one night as their son came down and our room had three beds. The noise in their room was horrible - every time someone moved in the rooms on either side or above us it sounded as if they were in the room and the pipes clanged incessently. Although it was October the room was stiflingly hot and the window did not open unlike our room. Breakfast was included in our room and was fantastic, they were offered 'half price' which was 14 pounds. We had a great stay, although I have no idea how much it cost, and they had a terrible stay. If they had not come to see us we would not have seen the underbelly of this hotel, and ultimitely would have written a different review. But it pays to be aware.... yes, I would stay there again (but stay off the phone - 7 pounds 50 for two 5 minute calls) and would also insist on booking specific rooms.	
Jan 5 2005	Wonderful hotel	A friend and I stayed for a week. The staff was very friendly and the location is wonderful. There is a small grocery store and a couple of great restaurants &amp; pubs right around the corner. The walk to the tube station is short and easy. Rooms aren't huge, but plenty big enough for two, and very clean.	
Jan 1 2005	Just ok not romantic at all..	I am a native Londoner and booked a night in The Regency for a romantic night away for my boyfriends birthday rather than treking home after a night out. The hotels public areas are very nice but the room was very disapointing. It was one of the smallest rooms I have ever had in a hotel, and everything seemed a little tired and old. Everything appeared clean but it all seemed a little seedy and the very thin walls with very vocal guests only added to this atmosphere. This hotel would be ok for a quick stop over on bussines but I would seriously recomend not staying here if in London on pleasure. I must admit that it does have a great location but for the high tariff there are far better hotels in London.	
Dec 30 2004	Just OK	LOCATION: Great Location withing a walking distance to the underground. Quiet street with not so much of a noise in the roomsLOBBY: Nice lobby with a cozy fireplace and a nice seating area. ROOMS: VERY SMALL and old looking. Clean but how much can you clean an old room? Bathroom not working properly as shower head would not stand at a level proper for showering and pressure was really low. Room had a small window on the top right corner of the wall, so high that could not oppen and/or even see outside.SERVICE: OKFOOD: Claims 24hrs room service but after 11pm only soup in the menu. Quality was not the best, ordered burger that was delivered almost burned and really dry. Breakfast was nice but during 5 nights was always the same, not even a fruit or anything.OVERAL: Not really a 4star hotel. For 120GBP per night plus tax I would expect a nicer decporation, larger rooms and more up[dated furnishings.WOULD REALLY THING BEFORE GOING TWICE	
Dec 29 2004	Very nice bit noisy	A nice hotel, very friendly staff and well-located in a classy neighbourhood, only a stroll to the nearest subway station. Room was clean but small to tiny and noisy (ask not to be near the garage / storage room in the back of the hotel...). Comfortable beds, clean bathroom. Would go back (if we got another room).	
Dec 5 2004 	Comfortable and Clean but Unexciting	Nothing very special about the Regency Hotel. On the positive side, it is comfortable and clean and in a fairly nice location. On the negative side, its facilities are a bit worn and most of the staff uses English as a second language. The public space is small and the bar is unappealing. Overall, it is good for the money.	
Nov 8 2004	Was nice but a bit overpriced	I thought the location of the Hotel was great, 5 minute walk to the Tube and in a really nice neighbourhood. The staff were pleasant enough, not over friendly, but the concierge was very helpful every time we need assistance with booking a show or the London eye. The room was tiny, but I suspect that it was fairly average for London. There was no room to put your bags away, so we basically had to skirt around our bags and the bed for the entire weekend! We got the room on Hotels.com for £90 a night plus charges which works out approx 150 euro a night not incl. breakfast which is £15 for a full English. I dont think I would definitely stay here again the Jury's across the road looked a bit classier. The room was a bit dated. No minibar, a small 14 inch portable TV and the shower was not very powerful at all. But the beds and sheets were very comfortable indeed. Overall, a pleasant stay, but I think it was overpriced at £90 a night.	
Nov 1 2004	We loved it	We loved it. The location was great and the hotel was nice. It was clean, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was clean. The staff was nice especially the concierge, John. He helped us out with restaurants and special tickets to shows and day trips. Also, you are a few blocks to the Tube station. The neighborhood near the hotel is nice and safe. We would stay there again.	
Oct 23 2004	... a perfect stay	I realy enjoed my stay at the Regency Hotel. Clean, friendly, good located - nothing more to say than &quot;thank you&quot; for a perfect stay.	
Oct 17 2004	Not luxurious but would return again	My husband and I spent 6 nights at the Regency in South Kensington in September 2004. The hotel was comfortable, but probably would have a lower ranking in the US. The rooms, as are most London hotel rooms, are very small. However, spotlessly clean, and comfortable enough given their size limits. Plenty of hot water, a nice big bathtub, very good maid service, and a generally helpful front desk. The location has much to recommend it, just 5 mins stroll to the Picadilly Line at So. Kensington underground, and within walkind distance of major museums. The neighborhood is lively, safe, and pricey, with good restaurants and pubs to choose from. We did not do the hotel breakfast as it was priced quite high and was nothing special, but there are plenty of cafes in the area. All in all we would return here again...good value for money spent. We were a little irked that the hotel TV did not carry CNN..We were told that the hotel was &quot;working on it&quot; (it had been available during our first night) but over the course of our stay it never returned....We were also unable to check in before that stated time of 2:00 pm, even tho' we were there earlier, and were obvuously just off a plane...In fact, we were not checked in until about 2:30 which I did not find hospitable, but I don't know the hotel's side of this...(I know that maids did come by to do rooms as early as 8:00 am so I don't understand why we had to wait, but this is really a minor complaint. Just don't expect an early check in: leave tour bags and go explore a museum for a while...)I think if Americans and others do not expect luxury, but are looking for clean, safe, adequate accommodations with helpful concierge and a great location, this hotel will fill the bill. (but not for any claustrophobes out there!)	
Sep 13 2004	This hotel is exceptionally good when it comes to service	My mother and I stayed at The Regency Hotel on Queens' Gate for a week (August, 2004) and we absolutely enjoyed our stay there. From we entered the hotel and checked-in, we found the service to be exceptionally good. After a seven hour tiring flight from Washington, DC to London, it was nice of the hotel to have a room available for us upon our arrival.One of the attributes I thoroughly liked about this hotel is the service I received from the Head Concierge. In corresponding with him via email weeks prior to my arrival, we were able to get all of our questions answered in a timely manner. He assisted us in getting all of our tours and evening shows reserved which allowed us to have very good seats at the shows. It was very nice having everything prepared for us which enhanced our trip tremendously. With this attribute, it made our trip go smoothly and well organized. Additionally, the service at the Front Desk, Room Service, restaurant, and Bellman was exceptionally nice. Most importantly, our room was nicely air-conditioned, large, very, very clean, and comfortable. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel because it is centrally located, safe, and very easy to get to and from. And again the service was exceptionally nice.Most importantly, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for exceptionally good service. Try it and you will not regret it. I will return to this hotel again, and again. As a matter of fact, The Regency Hotel will be my home away from home whenever I am in London.Annette B. Seymour	
Sep 13 2004	Nice Place to Stay	I stayed at the Regency for three nights in August 2004, and had no major problems or objections. The room was a bit small, but it was comfortable and clean. The staff was polite and helpful when I asked for their advice for touring London. My package included breakfast each morning, which was pretty good, and filling enough to serve as a brunch. The location was nice too, within easy walking distance of shops and a tube station.The only thing that could have been unsatisfying was the price. I got a deal that gave me three nights for the price of two. If I had paid the fee for the full three nights, the room might have been too small to justify the cost. But given the price I actually paid, I was satisfied.	
Aug 30 2004	Queen's Gate---An Elegant Hotel	Our stay at this lovely hotel was a very positive experience. Although, air-conditioning would be nice on a hot London summer day, the accommodating staff and expansive rooms made our stay very pleasant. A welcoming smile and helpful attitude go a long way with weary guests!	
Aug 28 2004	Fantastic!!!!	My wife and I justed checked out of the regency yesterday and I must say it was great. The hotel was very clean, the staff was friendly and the location was fantastic. When we did arrive we did have a doorman greet us and they were very plesant. Also I had order football tickets that were delivered to the hotel prior to my arrivial and I sent them an email as a heads up and they were verygood to keep them aside for me and email me when they did show up. Honestly its a great hotel and steal for the price, we booked via hotels.ca and paid 160Cad which is by far cheaper than any other 4 star hotel. Plenty of local restaurents around and a pretty nice posh looking neighbourhood to boot as well. I strongly recommend and I wouldn't look else where on our future visits to London	
Aug 5 2004	if you want a good holiday - dont book yourself at the regency	I was advised a great deal if i stayed at the Regency. Once i got there i was advised different charges. However my Itineari is what i booked. I found that other people also had the same experience. It seems the English have a seperate continent because i travel frequently and every other hotel ive stayed in a continental breakfast includes bacon,eggs, baked beans, toast etc. The Regency seems to think that this is a Full English Breakfast. They then expect you to pay extra.To top it off i was advised that every room has a jakoosie, this is not the case, if you would like to use the jacoosie you will need to pay an extra 7 pounds to access. There is no refrigirator in the rooms as they provide full bar service. The bathroom is quite dirty, and the toilets dont flush properly.The only bonus it has air conditiong and the beds are good. I highly do NOT RECOMMEND the REGENCY in London if you want to have a great experience, There is no door person waiting for you to arrive and help with your luggage until you get up to Reception, The service from employees is nice however the managers needs to be tought friendliness and better customer service as they are rude. The Regency in Australia has much better quality service and the staff are very friendly when issues arise	
Jul 25 2004	great location	A fine hotel in a GREAT location...quiet and residential and only a 7 minute walk to the tube..the rooms are a decent size for London and clean...a good rate on hotels for $140 and the listing at the hotel was about $250! A nice breakfast for 7.5 pounds(full English)....would definately return!!	
Jul 6 2004	Very Satisfied	My wife and I stayed at The Regency for four days during the 4th of July. We researched a lot of hotels and was a little concerned as to what we were getting for the low rate of $168.00/night. We also checked out a website that showed one of their rooms and it didn't look that great. Well the hotel has been completley remodeled and our room was pratically brand new. The staff was very friendly and we had no problems. The A/C came in use and I highly recommend that anyone going to London should make sure their rooms have A/C. The location for us was great as we like to be in the quieter parts of London. The hotel is also two blocks from the Tube. Each day the hotel had a large breakfast buffet for 7.50 pounds/person - a bargain for London. Now remember that this is London so four stars for a hotel in the states is much nicer than a forur star hotel in Europe. All in all we will stay here again as we felt it was a good price for a hotel in great shape with a very nice staff.	
Jul 4 2004	Good hotel basically.	Good hotel, i have been coming here on-and-off for over a year. Obviously they start to recognise you and service at the desk is always very good. What they should get rid off immediately are the grumpy waiters in the restaurant. They were so rude and unpolite that we were actually on the verge of punching them, really. Room service is so-so, not very varied and also not very well cooked. Around the corner however is a very VERY good Belgian restaurant, l'Abbaye, and if you like a simple dinner, 'Tootsie' is just opposite the hotel.	
Jun 30 2004	enjoyed our stay at the Regency	we arrived in London end of april for 1 night and found our room very small at the back of the hotel - otherwise very clean, the staff were good and the breakfast was excellent.We returned at the end of our stay in the UK for another 5 nights, yes we were on the 5th floor, but after staying at various hotels in Scotland and England found this not a problem, we were glad of the air conditioning, coming from Australia, we found the hotel very comfortable, the room was excellent and clean, close to the tube etc, we certainly did not have a problem staying there and will definitely recommend to our travel agent and shall be staying there again when we return to the UK	
Jun 26 2004	Good location reasonable price	I was a bit concerned at the easy availability and reasonable price but found the hotel to be quite nice for the price. The location was very convenient to the tube and area attractions. Staff were very friendly and helpful. the room was tight in terms of size but that is typical for London so no complaints. It was comfortable enough and we appreciated the air conditioning as they were having higher temperatures during our stay. The restaurant had good food. It was a pleasant stay and appreciated the price and convenience.	
Jun 14 2004	Small room with bed for midgets	Got good rate from hotels but the smallest room I've ever seen. And the bed was even smaller with my feet hanging out. I'll definitely not go back there - although I have to state the positive sides: my experience with the staff was friendly and the room was clean	
May 10 2004	Good Place to Stay...	Stayed at the Regency Hotel for 11 days. It was nice. The bed was extra comfortable and our room was really clean. We had a wonderful room on the second floor that over looked Queen's Gate. This hotel is close to several tube stations, taxi's were always available. The hotel staff was really really nice to us and always ready to help. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and it was really good. Plenty of restaurants in the area. The hotel is a little over priced, but everything is more expensive in London.	
Apr 10 2004	Not bad but.....	There are a number of good features of this hotel: the beds are very confortable. breakfast is excellent, although the service was average - I could barely get their attention to get a cup of tea. the position is great, with easy access to buses and the tube. However - the staff are overly officious, and not very welcoming. The bathroom was very small. There is no minibar, or wine-glasses. The business centre is inadequate (ie. one computer, slow to get on-line) and expensive to use. If you must stay here, avoid a room on the 5th or 6th floor, as you window will be tiny. I don't think that I would return to this particular hotel, although I would like to stay in this area again.	
Apr 7 2004 	avoid this rip-off	As a travel writer, someone who is paid to review hotels, I would advise my fellow travelers to avoid this establishment. I was on a seven-month assignment researching a book, a journey which took me all over Europe and the Regency by far received my lowest rating of the journey. I booked my six-night stay on the internet and questioned the reasonable price (for London), but I was familiar with the lovely South Kensington area and so decided to give it a try.Upon checking in I explained I was a journalist and needed a quiet place to work. I was given a small, uncomfortable room. Ah ha, I thought, thus the bargain price. But I learned that there was more than aesthetics at play here. The plumbing in my room featured some sort of pump that sounded like a jet plane taking off each time the water came on. In the middle of the night, when my neighbors no doubt returned, I learned that their room enjoyed a similar convenience.The next morning I requested a new room. The surly, apathetic desk clerk said they had no other vacancies in that price range. Since it was Christmas season, I knew most of the better hotels in the city would be booked (in retrospect this should have been another red flag) and so I asked if she had any rooms at all she could give me. She offered me a junior suite for 80 pounds/night. I was astonished, as this was less than I had paid on the internet for my dumpy room, and asked her three times if this was the total charge for the suite. Each time she replied, &quot;Yes!&quot; I could only conclude that I had misjudged her, and she was trying to make amends for my miserable night by giving me such an excellent deal.But while large and beautifully appointed, even this room proved not to be such an excellent deal. Since I had a terrible cold and the weather was typical London rain, I had looked forward to eating at the hotel and retiring early. However, every night the hotel restaurant--one floor below me--was booked for private Christmas parties and closed to hotel guests. When I asked the desk clerk what I should do as I wasn't feeling well, she helpfully advised that I could go out to eat.Upon asking this same question the next night I was informed that I could order room service or eat in the lobby. After dinner in my room, I lay away listening to the booming disco beat from the Christmas gala, feeling like I was back in the womb.The final insult was yet to come, however. Upon checking out the same clerk who had given me the great deal on my room informed me that my room charges would be 320 pounds ($563)--IN ADDITION TO THE $1000 my credit card had already been charged from the internet booking. Our heated argument was cut short by the fact that the driver was waiting to take me to the airport.After months of repeated attempts to get these charges reversed, the hotel has refunded part of them, but I am still out $150, which the management seems to think is a fair compensation, in spite of the fact that this was not the agreed upon price.You know that expression &quot;the customer is always right&quot;? Well, the staff at the Regency doesn't. They pass off substandard accommodations on unsuspecting guests. My job as a travel writer is to alert my fellow travelers to pitfalls along the road, and Regency Hotel is definitely one you should avoid.	
Apr 7 2004	Pleasant to look at but horrible to stay.		
Apr 3 2004	Just OK		
Feb 29 2004	A Great Stay in a Great Samll Hotel		
Feb 28 2004	Great place to stay		
Feb 15 2004	Clean and great location but small room		
Nov 26 2003	A Pleasant Surprise		
Nov 6 2003	Great staff		
Nov 3 2003	Mediocre at best		
Oct 9 2003	Fantastic London Break at Regency Hotel London		
Feb 9 2003	Great		
Aug 22 2009 	ottimo hotel in splendida posizione		
Aug 13 2009 	Hôtel très sympa à deux pas du centre de Londres		
Aug 10 2009 	Super hôtel super quartier!		
Aug 10 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix pour Londres		
Jul 28 2009 	Regency Hotel		
Jun 29 2009 	Service déplorable pour un hôtel de ce standing		
Mar 9 2009 	????		
Apr 21 2008 	un hotel estupendo		
Jan 12 2008 	Encantador por dentro y por fuera		
Mar 31 2007 	beau regency		
