Nov 23 2009 	not a 4 star hotel	Good hotel, but rooms have no ventilation (windows can't open - we had a room on the front side- and ventilation in bathroom didn't work). Toilet was not very good cleaned (but that depends of course of the cleaner). Central heating (or airco, it's combined) was noisy (ventilator could not switch off). There is no bar, breakfast is not included (8,50£) but is good.	
Oct 31 2009 	How to stay in the heart of City without bleeding dry	Considering its enviable location in the very heart of the City, right in front of St. Paul's Cathedral, one might think that Club Quarters, St. Paul's must be prohibitive for most tourists. Well, maybe because of the recession in the United Kingdom, maybe because of the depreciation of the pound against the euro, anyway, Club Quarters, St. Paul's is not expensive at all. Beware that, like in most hotels in London, the rates are lower on weekends.Our room was comfortable, clean and perfectly quiet, although neither the room nor the bed were particularly spacious. The bathroom too was clean and comfortable, even though we ran into a couple of small inconveniences: the toilet flush would take an endless time to recharge and the light in the bathroom stopped working on the second night of our stay (but it was fixed the following day).A chilled water dispenser with plastic bottles and glasses available on each floor is an appreciable feature.Overall, the accommodation is more than decent, with two strong points: the excellent location and the quietness of the rooms.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great location ideal for business trips and holidays	The hotel is 30 mts from St Paul's Cathedral, in the middle of London CIty, two blocks away from the subway and from Thamesis River.Rooms are provided with LAN and wi fi free internet and also they provide you with bottles that you can re-fill with cold water from water dispensers for free. Check in and check out can be made automatically using a machine located in the lobby.The business centre is very good and is prepared to receive business travelers.LIke every Club Quarter it is ideal for business travelers.	
Oct 23 2009 	Amazing	The service was incredible, the location absolutely perfect and the rooms were beautiful!	
Oct 4 2009 	just right for what i needed	I needed a good hotel near the Inns of Court and the Club Quarters was fine for what I needed, i.e. a place to sleep and relax when I wasn't at the Inns. Room was fine. I liked the ergonomic chair and the unexpected i-pod player. Was in a quiet location. As other reviewers have mentioned the walls can be a bit thin, but this was no problem. Welcome was a bit lacking but lady on reception when leaving was helpful.	
Sep 15 2009 	Perfect Location clean 	My sister and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights while we toured around London. It was a perfect location. There are several close underground stations (Blackfriars was closed) and there are many sites to see within walking distance. With the Millenium Bridge so close, we were able to get to the other side of the Thames easily. There are many restaurants and coffee shops nearby. The hotel was clean (especially the bathroom), comfortable and quiet. We didn't hear other guests or street noises other than the chimes of St. Paul's which was wonderful. The weekend rate for this hotel was a good value. I highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again without question.	
Aug 31 2009 	A very nice hotel	Stayed here for 6 nights in august. Very helpful and professional staff at all times, smooth check-in and out procedures done in less than 2 minutes. We arrived early and they made everything so we could have our room quickly. We had booked a studio room, (3 people and the room didn't feel cramped), it was nice with fridge and microwave, perfect for take-away from M&amp;S, which is less than a minute from the hotel. The room faced a quiet backstreet with view of St Paul's cathedral. In all a very quiet hotel, we didn't hear anything at all from other rooms. The hotel provided bottled water which was convenient. The housekeeping made a good job, the room was perfectly cleaned every day, and restocked with towels, soap etc. which is not always the case. A lot of buses stops just outside the hotel, perfect to go to other parts of London. Bus line nr 63 takes you directly to and from St Pancras station (appr. 15 minutes) if you travel to London with Eurostar. The area around the hotel is very nice (business/city) and felt safe at all times. Conveniently located near Tate Modern, Millenium bridge and St Paul's. We will certainly be back at this hotel next time in London.	
Aug 14 2009 	Not great - and housekeeping count your toothbushes!	Pretty much the only thing this place has going for it is location. The rooms are dreary and dated with uncomfortable beds and the bathrooms are tiny and grotty. The lifts take forever and the communal areas feel more like a hospital than an up-market business hotel.My biggest complaint is the way I was treated because my wife was travelling with me. I'd just booked the room for 1 person as most hotels really don't care how many people are actually staying. However I got home the second afternoon to find a voicemail from the manager saying &quot;housekeeping have informed them that the room is being used for dual occupancy&quot; and that an extra £10 a night would be added to be bill. They made me feel like a criminal!Definitely won't be returning to this hotel and I've found some much nicer properties not far from here which are considerably cheaper!	
Aug 1 2009 	Room GIven on arrival	My wife booked a studio apartment for her and her son and his wife.This was for 4days and was'nt a cheap,on arrival they were given a room with 2 singles pushed together and 3 pillows.After complaining she was offered a put you up kind of camp bed.She rang me and then i rang last minute who we booked with and the matter was resolved.On the last night one of the bathrooms above flooded which came into her bathroom she was awoken at about 3am by people coming to clear up.At no time on leaving was there any apollogy.There trafalgar square hotel different class.Maybe it was because she was foreign	
Jul 22 2009 	Club Quarters St Pauls is nice.	Club Quarters St Paul's is nice (okay). The rooms are clean &amp; comfortable, however the walls are thin! I awoke one morning to my neighbors having sex! It sounded as if I was in the room with them and just a partition between us. Housekeeping regularly forgot to include a wash/face cloth. I had to leave notes to remind them, once no cloth was left even though a note was! I had a difficult time trying to contact housekeeping to claim a wash/face cloth. When called it went straight to voicemail. The desk staff was helpful. The hotel is clean, provides in room coffee &amp; tea, in lobby coffee, tea, television and internet access. There is chilled water with bottles or cups located on each floor which is very helpful, especially for working out or walking the city to sightsee. Located next door to St Pauls Cathedral (where Diana and Charles were married) in the Financial District. It is a short walk to the Thames and the Millenium Bridge. Cross the bridge to the Tate Museum. The breakfast buffet is pricey, I would suggest crossing the street (look out for traffic!) to Costa or down the street to Subway or McDonald's. There is also a small store (Marks&amp;Spencer) nearby that provides fresh food! Be advised, this area closes down at the end of a normal business day. So be prepared to dine at the restaurant (I don't advise it though) or travel to a different area of the city. Shopping is not close, again travel elsewhere. The St Pauls Underground is close by providing easy access to other parts of London or the rail out of the city. Percento restaurant is also quite pricey and the food is so-so. I had a langostino rissoto. The rissoto was undercooked. I asked for a glass of water and received a bottle of water (3.90 LBS) instead! Overall, it was a nice stay. The price of the package I got through another travel website far outweighed what I wasn't completely satisfied with.	
Jul 19 2009 	Excellent value	This hotel was a good bargain, excellent location very near to St Paul's tube station or City Thamelink if you're travelling Monday-Friday. Aspects of the hotel: Check-in - very straightforward, staff were very helpful and talked you through the automated check-in service so you didn't have to do it yourself. Room - perfect - we had a room at the back of the hotel overlooking a courtyard so it was very quiet the whole time, although there were plenty of rooms that were on the main road and I guess you would have heard the passing traffic from those. So if you want to avoid this, ask for a room facing the back. I noticed some travellers said the rooms were small, but I don't know what they were expecting, there was plenty of room to walk around the bed, with a desk and chair. Perhaps the only thing that would have been useful is a stand/shelf to put our suitcase on, which I've seen in other hotels, rather than us having to keep it on the floor. There was a digital clock that was also an Ipod docking station, which I can imagine would be good if you used that sort of thing. Previous comments mentioned thin walls, yes I think the walls were thin because we heard the person next door cough once and sneeze once, but that was it! And in the other direction we heard their television for about five minutes one night, but that was it! No big disturbance. Food - we only had breakfast on one of the two days, it was £8.50 for a breakfast buffet which was ok, had all the usual breakfast cold and hot items. Depending on how much you eat you could get something a lot cheaper in the various Costa, Starbucks etc that are dotted around nearby. I would definitely stay here again, the price was fantastic and you got everything that you needed from a hotel - clean, quiet, good service and convenient location.	
Jul 15 2009 	No frills excellent value	Considering the room was cheaper than a Premier Inn or Travelodge, we were very pleased. The room was spotless and had everything we needed. I'd certainly go back as a no-hassle place to stay, but not if I wanted a luxury weekend	
Jul 3 2009 	nice hotel	great hotel, quite small but chic design. Clean and cozy. Has a gym, quite small but it's better than nothing rite? close to underground subway (5 min walk). St Paul church is next door. Nearby: coffee shops, mark &amp; spencer supermarket, 24-hr mini market.The hotel has a nice loby and a modern design library with free access to internet. Complimentary coffee and tea. The location is in the financial district so it's quite dead during weekends.	
Jun 30 2009 	A lovely hotel with excellent staff and surroundings	Im not going to put this hotel on a pedestel but I want to say I had just a lovely stay, the staff were very accommodating towards me and were happy to help. The well trained HONEST and culturally mixed members of staff were happy to accommodate and the location was easy and convenient. Rooms were kept locked and of course safe and as a traveller of many years myself its unusual to experience anything other.The hotel is geared towards corporate but leisure travellers would also find it nice and exciting as its convenient to move aorund from here for shopping and entertainment. Food is good and the facilities are useful and ready on hand. Well done to a new hotel in the city with SKY BAR and CLUB in the basement too! Looks to be a very popular place to visit which is cool any time of the day or evening for all visitors!!	
Jun 20 2009 	Great location but don't stay here	Ok, that's maybe not completely fair, but - aside from the fact that this is almost the only place to stay in the City itself - this is not an &quot;excellent&quot; hotel. It's basic and it's priced accordingly. . . aside from the fact that we just returned from our room to find it smelling strongly of curry - not that I don't like curry, but the room had already been made up before we last left so there was ABSOLUTELY NO REASON for anyone to be in here. Add that to the fact that someone STOLE a $100 plus in US and British currency out of my wallet while I was out of the room for a few minutes elsewhere in the building and I'd recommend you be very careful. On the other hand, staff here is really nice (well, the ones that aren't stealing your cash), the rooms are large, it's very clean, has abundant hot water, FREE internet, and the location (a block from St. Paul's) is wonderful. Room security actually seems like it should be good, but obviously there is a flaw there. Additionally, bedding, towels, pillows, etc. are pretty mediocre. There can't be more than a couple of rooms with a view of St. Paul's since there is an equally tall building between the hotel and the cathedral. Even without the theft, this wouldn't have been a great bargain. We don't check out until tomorrow, so I promise to update this if anything that is either wonderful or more awful yet happens between now and then.	
May 22 2009 	You Can't Beat the Location!	Right beside St Paul's, and close to tube station and Embankment.The hotel itself is geared for business users which isn't a criticism at all. The rooms were small but adequate and very clean with a comfy bed.Reception staff were friendly enough, especially once they end their personal phone calls.We didn't use the restuarant at all, but a good breakfast at half the price available from Costa across the road. The inroom menu was OK and I liked the look of the takeaway menu that the room had!	
May 22 2009 	Greate value great location confortable room	For less than a 100 pounds it's hard to find such a nice hotel in London. It's not luxurious, but it's clean, comfortable, quiet (even if on the doorsteps of St. Paul). For those interested in hotel meals, room-service, mini-bar etc. it might not be much, but for me these things do not matter at all, as there are many choices of restaurants, pubs etc in the area. There is also a 24 hours shop across the street. Also, if you expect extensive services in the hotel you stay, you would probably need to find something else, but for those like me, who barely see the room when travelling, it's a very good choice. Location is great, you can practically go anywhere from there (walking, tube, bus) in short time. A nice walk to the theatre district as well. Express check-in/check-out was also handy, you actually have minimum interaction with the staff (in case you need them, they seemed competent and someone was always at the desk). I had no problems with poor insulation of the rooms as other reviewers here.	
May 20 2009 	Great location great value	Stayed here with my husband this May; the rooms were clean and efficient, and the staff was friendly, prompt, and helpful. The location is excellent--just steps from St. Paul's, and close to three tube stations. We woke up to the bells of St. Paul's on Sunday, which was sublime. Only complaint is that the walls are a bit thin, so the noisy neighbors were annoying. Otherwise, our stay was great--we highly recommend CQ St. Paul's!	
May 16 2009 	Basic	Stayed here in a standard room for 2 nights. Accomodation reminded me cabins on a boat. Quite pokey but clean. For a 4 star hotel very disappointing in the bathroom, one tube of shower gel, one tube of shampoo and a small amount of towels. That was it, no shower caps or anything. Sound insulation with room next door ridiculous. Could hear their TV and converstaion plain as day.	
May 15 2009	central but unfriendly	We just had a 1 night stay here on a Sunday night purchased as a present for my daughters 18th by some of her friends. The hotel is very central 2 mins from ST.Pauls tube and in a nice area only 15 mins walk from Covent Garden. REception staff were stand offish and disinterested. Again had booked a twin but was told only a double was available, very much geared for the buisness person with good facilities for wifi etc.After finding our room we asked at reception if there was a pub we could get some lunch at and were told this a buisness area and everything was shut and to get the tube into town we decided to walk and found 4 pubs and 3 restraunts open within half a mile	
May 13 2009 	Great Stay and Great Location!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Great staff and wonderful location. You are located right next door to St. Paul's Cathedral and you will hear the bells regularly. It was a great experience. There are historical pubs in the area and many sites to see! Our room was spacious and met all our needs. The staff were informative and more than willing to help you out with anything you need! I have no complaints. Great value for the money spent! I look forward to staying here again!	
May 12 2009 	Nice hotel great location	This was my first trip to London, England and I truly enjoyed the experience. London is nothing like US. So much history, architecture, museums, etc... The hotel we stayed at is a very nice hotel located next to St. Paul Cathedral. Subway station (called Underground) is located 3 min in walking distance from the hotel. We felt very safe being next to the cathedral. There were always people around. The hotel staff was very nice and polite. The room itself was not very small as some reviewers indicated. There are much smaller hotels in NY city. Some people also stated that they weren't able to use their electronic equipment (fan, laptop, etc..) You just need to ask for a plug adapter at the reception area and it worked like a charm. Don't bother buying those voltage converters they sell at Radio Shack, they don't work. One thing is that you definitely feel that the hotel is dated and in some areas I noticed stains on the carpet and the bed spread had some holes and tears in it. However, room service was done every day. There is breakfast buffet downstairs but it is about 12.50 UK pounds (approx $20 US) which we felt was a bit expensive. Next to the hotel is Marks and Spencer grocery store and I highly recommend you purchasing at least cereal or pre-maid sandwiches to save on breakfast. By the way, pre-made sandwiches were awesome. Also, across the road is a fabulous italian restaurant called Strada, highly recommend it. We paid about $107 for the night and I think it is a reasonable price considering central location and overall staff courtesy. Lastly, here are some general money savings tips:1) buy 7 day travelers pass, it's about 25 UK pounds per person vs. paying 5.60 daily. 2) Most stores charge 15% VVT tax. If you are a US citizen, you can claim up to 10% of this tax back (on 30UK pounds and higher purchases) when you return to Heathrow airport. We kept collecting receipts but learned the hard way that we also needed special paper from stores to be able to get this tax back. So, make sure that when you are making purchases, ask the store to give you this paper. Some stores do that, some don't. Just depends on the store. 3) Taxis are very expensive and would cost you between 60 and 80 UK pounds one way to get from the airport to the city. I recommend using shuttle service called dot2dot. I believe their website is www.dot2.com. It costs about 60UK pounds roundtrip. There is also subway station that runs from the airport to the city but it you won't save much more and carrying the luggage to and from the subway plus changing stations would prove to be more costly.	
May 3 2009 	Nice Place!	we only stayed one night, really quiet area in the evening, quite nice room, very clean, on the small side though. reasonably priced breakfast and helpfull staff. very pleasant stay after all! location is great btw.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great location	I've just got back from a 1 night stay at Club Quarters. Overall the stay was pleasant. Location was lovely especially with the cathederal literally next door. Unfortunately we had a room on the ground floor which wasn't that bad apart from that being on the ground floor the windows were locked and the room got very hot and stuffy. When we checked in the staff looked disinterested and weren't all that pleasant. But we would stay there again as the rooms were clean and fairly large and the location was great with lots of coffee shops and trendy bars nearby.	
Mar 28 2009 	Perfect location - good value for money	This hotel is in a perfect location for a sight-seeing trip to London. It's located right next to St Paul's, near plenty of restaurants (chains though: Strada; Cafe Rouge; Pizza Express) which are right accross the road if you don't want to travel far. The Tube is only a 3 min walk, and the City Thameslink station is accross the road (which provides a direct train to and from Luton Airpory Parkway).The hotel and rooms are very clean and modern, with free wi-fi in rooms, iPod docking clock-radio and self check-in/out. Breakfast was about £12 each which I find unbelievable in these places, especially are there are is a Costa right across the road and a third of the price.Will definately go back again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Value	We spent 2 nights in a superior room and found it great value for a huge room.Will make this my hotel of choice in London from now on.	
Mar 9 2009 	Awoke to the bells of St Pauls	Great hotel - Staff were very helpful and friendly, hotel room clean and sufficiently spacious. The location is fantastic, about 100 paces from the steps of St Pauls. Perfect base for the City tourist spots, and just 5 min walk across Millenium bridge to Tate Modern. Area can a bit quiet in the weekend evenings, but still plenty of food places and pubs nearby. One complaint, but not the hotel's fault - almost all the food and cafe buinesses around were big chain outlets. This bugged me, but it seems to be the way right across London.	
Mar 5 2009 	Nice Little Gem	Great value for your money and is in a great location! 3 minute walk from the St. Paul's Tube. We had a good view of St. Paul's Cathedral through our window and is literally a one minute walk. Marks &amp; Spencers, Starbucks is ten steps away as well. Other attractions near this hotel is Old Bailey's, Millenium Bridge, Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe - all are within 5 - 10 minute walk from the hotel.The hotel itself is very decent. Clean, modern, fit our needs. I do like the fact that they have a water dispensing machine on every floor and provide you with refillable water bottles. Definitely a perk for visitors.	
Mar 5 2009 	elegant and posh	The rooms were a bit small (but more than enough room for two and their luggage), but the window view was incredible (the saint paul dome right in your face).the area is a busy business center in the morning with lots of cafes and sandwich places, but quiet and empty at night. the Tube station was minutes away from the hotel and almost 5 bus lines stopped next to it.the automatic check-in and check-out service was really nice and convenient (we checked out at 3 am for our plane to Berlin).. the room was a bit pricey, but this is London after all..	
Feb 26 2009 	Very comfortable great location had all I needed	Hotel was in a great location, very close to a number of small and nice restaurants, St Pauls just outside the door (and seen from room window!) and a short walk to Millenium bridge, Tate modern, and financial district. Room was not very large, but very comfortable and cleverly planned. Room had all I needed, including an Ipod-player. Wireless worked well and free printing in the business area. Only downside was that there was no more water or coffee/tea in the business area, and it was not re-filled for as long as I was there. It is not a hotel to spend the day in, but why would you do that in London anyway? Nice view over St Pauls from my room, and I would definitely stay again.	
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent Utilitarian hotel	The odd-looking faux-club lobby arrangement and narrow corridors hide ample-sized modern rooms which meet business travel needs. Finally a small hotel offering a real closet, lots of hangers, comfortable bed, reliable free high speed internet, with even a free printing option. A chilled purified water spigot was a nice touch. There is plenty of desk and drawer space, though nowhere to lay a suitcase. The shower, though simple, worked well.The hotel itself is strictly utilitarian, contrasting with the awesome historic setting and delightful neighborhood. The staff was helpful, but the hotel makes no pretention of being full service. I found the 12-pound breakfast buffet disappointing, and it closes at 9:30 am, but there are lots of alternatives nearby.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Hotel Location and Excellent Value for Money!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over a weekend (30 Jan to 1 Feb). This hotel is only available to the public during weekends. The reviews for this hotel are accurate. It is very clean, in a great location and is excellent value for money for London - the staff are very pleasant and helpful. Best price we found totalled 193GBP for 2 nights and 3 adults - so working out only 65GBP each and this was for a studio room which had a kitchenette. The only negative was the third camp-style bed which wasn't very comfortable for an adult but the normal beds were very comfortable. It literally is a stones throw from St Paul's Cathedral. Taxi from Euston was around 12GBP each way. We didn't want to use tubes during our break (too much time spent going up and down escalators!) so as it was a leisure break, we walked everywhere and it is a great location for this. It's an interesting 20 minute walk to theatreland and we also walked to Big Ben and the houses of Parliament so you could walk to most main tourist attractions if you really want to. Hotel security is very good and the area feels safe. It isn't a traditional hotel in that there are not many public areas - for example, there is no bar but there is a gym and a comfortable lounge with tvs and tea/coffee facilities, as well as also free iced water on each floor. We looked at the more traditional hotel but for those we looked at, the feedback was not as good as for Club Quarter accommodation and we were very happy with our stay. We didn't hear any noise from any other guests - you can hear the bells from St Pauls but I thought they were very muted considering how close they were and they didn't cause a problem.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and we will be booking again for our next leisure break.	
Feb 2 2009 	Very good just like the other posters have written	The hotel is pretty much as the others have written. It's clean, central, convenient, and the staff is very nice.When I was there (weekend), the Underground seemed to be rather constipated, so the local stations of St. Pauls (Central Line) and all the District/Circle line stations were closed. That was a pain.I will advise other guests to avoid taking the hotel's &quot;minicabs&quot;. These seem to be rogue and possibly unlicensed things that have no meters. I got charged 13 pounds for a trip to Holborn tube station on a deserted Sunday morning. This, according to Google, is 1.1 miles and 4 minutes by car. Obviously I got ripped off, probably because the guy wanted me to agree to 60 pounds to take me to Heathrow, and I wanted to take the Piccadilly Line.I had two excellent meals. I had a great Indian meal at the Bengal Tiger two blocks south on Carter Lane, and a fantastic steak at Gaucho, just on the north side facing Smithfield market (about 1/3 mile north).	
Jan 6 2009	Great location large rooms	The hotel is actually very large despite its modest entrance. The location is superb - a stones throw away from St Paul's Cathedral, and Fleet Street. Check-in is highly efficient and automated. The rooms are large for central London, and clean. Free broadband was included and the double bed was very comfy. The hotel is primarily geared for business people from the local offices, and this shows e.g. free broadband. Nice touches include iPod speaker and other similar mod cons. Didn't try room service but it comes from the adjacent restaurant called &quot;percento&quot;. I used to work in this area, and did not hear great things about the restaurant. However the hotel is mainly for sleeping in and doing work. Being right in the heart of the City of London, nearby there are a plethora of bars and restaurants. Only down side was the bathroom was a little basic and only had a shower, no bath. But considering the large size of the room, this is acceptable.Overall, an excellent place to base yourself whilst your visiting the City whether for business or pleasure.	
Jan 5 2009 	Clean Hotel with a great location	I just back from a 6 night stay in London at the Club Quarters at St Paul's. I actually intended booking the one on Trafalgar square but it all worked out in the end.We checked in at around 11.30 pm. My friend dropped me from the airport and had a to drive to Manchester so he decided to stay with us. The hotel had a 25gbp upgrade for a suite which the guy refused to give us because we had booked through Orbitz. Obviously the receptionist was clueless since we were willing to pay him an upgrade for 1 night for less than 1 night. Anyways after a good 20 minute conversation he let us have the upgrade. The rooms are very businesslike and initially i didn't like it but it grows on you and past the 1st day I appreciated the fact that the beds were very clean. the bathroom - a very good size. They provided a cot for my little one. I never saw the guy I encountered when I checked in again and everyone else was real nice and very courteous. They have a free Internet lounge which is a good place for entertaining friends or visitors.St Paul's cathedral is half a block away and so is a Marks and Spencer if you want to pick up groceries or a quick bite. The hop-on-hop off bus stops right outside the hotel which is very very convenient. This place is not in the midst of all the tourist attractions like Trafalgar square location which I prefer. Its located in the financial district and is very safe. My son and I walked to the Tate Modern late in the evening and felt perfectly safe. Its good value for money. I got a package through Orbitz. Its great value for money. End of the day I think this hotel is very safe and clean and great value for money.	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice Hotel in Great Location	We stayed one night at this hotel in early July. We were flying from Greece back to the U.S. via London so we decided to stay one day to take in the London sites. Since we only had one day, we picked this hotel because of its location and I'm really glad we did. It's right next door to St. Paul's church. The hotel room was small and nothing spectacular, but it was clean and it had a good size bathroom. This is really all we needed for one night. It was the perfect location to stay as we could walk one way towards Big Ben and Buckingham Palace and the other way towards the London Bridge and Tower. We walked both ways to all the sites in one day, but I would not recommend doing this as it was way too much walking and very exhastive. Ideally, this &quot;walking tour&quot; should have been split into at least two days. Public transportation is also easily accessible from this hotel if desired. The St Paul subway station is right by the hotel and the bus stations are close by and it's a convenient way to get around. In my opinion, this hotel was more of a business type hotel to spend a night or two in a central location that's nice, clean and without many bells and whistles.	
Dec 8 2008 	Good stay worth considering	Just stayed at Club Quarters St. Paul's for 4 nights. Got a decent rate for the 2 weeknights and their very reasonable rate for weekend nights (58 GBP). I got this through a reciprocal club arrangement, but I think almost anyone can get it by asking. Great location, not only right next to St. Paul's, but also near the interesting alleys and byways of the City, Fleet Street and the Inns of Court. My room (the Club room) was clean and quite adequate for one person. I think it would have been a bit small for 2 people. Bed comfy, linens crisp and clean, bathroom small, but perfectly fine. Pleasant lounge area on ground floor has coffee and tea all day during the week, although that seemed to disappear at weekend. 4 or 5 computers to use (for free) which is handy - I've usually been charged for using pc at other hotels. Tiny lobby area, so can get a bit crowded at key check in and check out times, but not enough to be a problem. There is a M&amp;S Simply Foods practically next door, and that's useful for picking up sandwiches, snacks and drinks. Most restaurants and shops close in this area at the weekend, but there is a Costa coffee place right across the road that is open (and fairly early) even on Sunday. Near to St. Paul's tube station, although check at weekends, it can be be closed then. Several key bus lines run on Ludgate Hill right past hotel. I got an Oyster card in advance and would recommend it - very much more economical way (time and money) of getting about London. I had one fairly abbreviated meal at the restaurant attached to hotel - it was OK, nothing special, and fairly pricey, but certainly convenient. Having read other comments about the thin walls at hotel I was relieved that i didn't have that problem at all - was in a corner room (603) overlooking back of hotel so outside was quiet, and I heard an upstairs shower run maybe once. Also, couldn't hear bells of St. Paul's which other reviewers have noted, and that was slightly a disappointment. I had been looking forward to that! (although possibly would have got tired of them at 2:00 a.m.). My room looked out over the courtyard of Stationer's Hall, and the lady Justice atop the Old Bailey a little way off. I'd say this is a a good bet for a traveller who doesn't need or want a full service hotel ( e.g. with shops in lobbies/several lounges etc.) but does want very good value and a great location.	
Dec 2 2008 	Conveniently Located on the Bus Tour Lines	Stayed here with my boyfriend on a business trip. We were able to upgrade to a larger room for a small fee in order to fit a rollaway bed for his daughter. The rooms are rather &quot;cold&quot; but comfortable for the price. The hotel is conveniently located right on the Original Bus Tour and The Big Bus Tour lines (right in front of the hotel) and next to St. Paul's cathedral. We took advantage of the 2 days access for the price of one and used it to get around to all the tourist spots. We did not eat at the restaurant, but did order from a partner restaurant that delivered to the hotel... it was pretty good.	
Nov 27 2008 	Thin Walls	Club Quarters is a no-frills hotel, a bit like an upmarket Travel Inn.The room and bathroom were fine - decent size and in generally smart condition. The air conditioning worked well.BUT (and it is a huge but), as previous reviewers have mentioned, the walls are paper thin, and you can hear pretty well everything that is going on in the next room. Fortunately my next door neighbour was reasonably quiet, but I could hear the TV, (ahem) &quot;bathroom noises&quot;, the door opening and shutting, and the coat hangers rattling in his/her cupboard.I won't be going again. A shame really.	
Nov 20 2008 	great find	Just had 3 nights at Club Quarters, and agree with most of the other reviews. Location was ideal for getting round the city, either by tube or bus. Even had the No 15 Routmaster going towards Trafalgar Square at the stop across from the hotel.Room spacious enough, well appointed, clean, lovely clean fresh sheets and towels. Like the free water available, nice touch. Staff very pleasant and helpfulDid hear some noise from doors closing, but not a problem. However the bells from St Pauls chiming on the hour, quarter past, half hr. quarter to.....disturbed my sleep the first night, and I know the chiming sequence by heart, but not a problem for rest of the stay.Didnt use the per%cento bistro, in fact never saw anyone use it, but there are plenty of coffee shops for breakfast. (I would have liked the room with the fridge, that would be good to get our own light breakfast) Note: Some of the bars close over Sat/Sun being in the business area.Very enjoyable stay and would recommend and use again	
Nov 13 2008 	Awesome Location 	Me and my husbad stayed here for a weekend getaway and had a great time. The hotel staff was great and check in and check out was quick and easy. Our room had a small fridge and microwave and there are stores nearby to stock up. The room also had a coffee maker for those coffee drinkers out there. The location is absolutely awesome. Just a stop or two away from the hot spots and the tube is like a 2 or 3 minute walk from the hotel. There was a small carnival going on in the St. Paul area when we arrived so that made the stay even more enjoyable. We didn't experience any noise/thin wall issues like others. I have nothing but great things to say about this hotel and we will probably stay here again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great location and room standard but pretty thin walls	Stayed at Club Quarters St Paul for a weekend in november. The service at the front disk was excellent. The check in was quick, and the room was pretty spacious and well cleaned. We had a fantastic view over St Pauls Cathedral that was on a block away. The area was good, with nice pubs, restaurants and cafees around and underground stations were close by. Only downside was the thin walls. Woke up one evening when the neighbours got home late at night, and could even hear them talking through the walls!Would stay here again but would bring airplugs!	
Oct 31 2008 	Perfectly adequate hotel	I stayed at Club Quarters St Pauls for one night in late October 2008. It was for a Sunday night and it cost me GBP80 for the night. I booked it at the very last minute (a couple of nights before) and all of the big London hotels were charging over GBP200 for the night. I was pretty scared to be honest that the hotel was going to be dirty, falling down etc. I couldn't understand why it was so cheap. First things first - it was easy to find. Although a relatively unassuming entrance, there area couple of flags and a sign so that it was easy to find. It's also right in front of St Paul's Cathedral. Anyway - I went in and was pleasantly surprised. There wasn't really a lobby to speak of - there was a small desk manned by two staff and a number of computer terminals in a sort of small entrance room. Very similar to the entrance lobby of an apartment block. The staff were professionally dressed and multi-lingual. The computer terminals were to do the check-in procedure and the staff to help for newbies or to deal with problems. The man in front of me was having a complete hissy fit about something but I couldn't tell what. Anyway, the staff member showed me the check-in process which was easy as anything and quicker than a very quick thing. She explained that check-out is exactly the same. I was a little perturbed by the shouting gentleman though and thought that my room might be worse than basic...I had their most basic room which they call a standard room. (There are several sizes of room, some with increased facilities). It was small but adequate. In terms of size, I couldn't be sure but i'd put it around 20 - 25 SQM. The double bed was comfortable and the linen clean and soft. The decor in the room was inoffensive with the standard fare framed print on the wall. There was a nice full size mirror, an armchair and a desk+chair. It was the perfect size for one person and would be ok(ish) for 2. The bathroom had no bath - just a shower. It was small but very clean. All the fixtures and fittings looked relatively new and were adequately plumbed in. There was soap, shampoo and body-wash. All the standard fare mid-range hotel items without any unnecesary extras. Towels were clean and relatively fluffy. (I've been in much fancier hotels that had tired old towels that had been washed one-time-too-many). The room was clean and there were nice black-out curtains (although these didn't reach quite all the way so there was a small chink of light getting in). There was a kettle and some basic provisions - UHT milk, 2 instant coffees, one tea bag, sugar. All-in-all it was aperfectly adequate room. I was there mainly for business and it is about the standard level of accommodation that companies who are on a modest budget put their staff in. It was pretty much what I was used to. However, there were some nice extras. firstly, the location. perfect for business in The City. Tourists would also be well placed here as it is a short tube ride to tourist central London. It's also right next to St Paul's Cathedral. When I was there the tube station at St Paul's was closed. Best to check with the transport for London website to see if this is a common weekend event as the not-so-well-used tube stations are sometimes closed on sundays. However, it was only a short 10 minute walk from the next one, or a short 5 minute bus ride from central London. They also provide cold, purified water free of charge on each floor. I liked this as I hate the inflated price of bottled water and I also hate that yucky warm hotel tap water. There was a room service menu which I didn't use but I liked the way there were 2 options. One from their own restaurant or another from a different restaurant. I don't know why this appealed to me but I thought it was a nice touch. Room service fare can so often be low quality that I liked the idea of calling out for a pizza from a mainstream restaurant/fast food place. There was also a club room which all guests ahve access to. I didn't use it but looked in and it looked nice enough. Some free computer terminals to use and comfy chairs etc. and free tea/coffee. It wasn't an exec club similar to the one in high end chain hotels though. Now the negatives which have already been touched on by other reviewers. Noise transference between rooms. Hearing other guests was a feature. I could clearly hear the TV in the room next to mine. I could hear my fellow guests talking although not quite clearly enough to make out what they were saying (I did catch more than the odd word though). For sleeping it wasn't a problem as I just put in ear plugs. However, when I was just relaxing before sleep, it was slightly annoying as I didn't want to sit with ear plugs in. But only slightly annoying. Yes it has to be said that I also heard toilet noises. These were muffled but still audible. So, if that sort of thing is simply too gross for you to even contemplate then I'd probably stay elsewhere. For me it wasn't a deal-breaker when the cost of the room is factored in. I'd stay again. Overall, I'm finding it hard to rate this hotel. As I said it was an adequate, standard fare hotel but with extra touches. I've stayed in Mandarin Orientals, Ritz Carltons etc and it was no where near as good as them. But it's not really trying to be. I guess if I was doing a direct comparison and an MO gets a 5 then by rights I should give this a 3. However, I did only pay GBP80 for the night and this wasn't because I had booked it 10 months in advance. If I was to compare it to other hotels costing the same money then this was good value for money. The room wasn't the sort of place that you would actually enjoy spending time in - it's functional, clean and adequate. So, if I was staying for a week or 2 weeks on vacation then i'd maybe go for somewhere a bit fancier. Overall, I have gone for a 4 rating. Price, Location, Cleanliness all meant that I had a good experience here.	
Oct 28 2008 	good base for victoria station not far	Just back from a wonderful long weekend staying at Club Quarters. Flew into Gatwick, then Gatwick express into Victoria Station..hotel very handy to locate, we arrived early morning and had booked 2 rooms ...1 room was ready so able to drop of cases and go exploring...Blackfriars tube station only 5 mins walk away....Hotel rooms were spacious and 1 room was for 3 people in our party and had good sized bathroom as well..all fresh and ultra clean....generally a reasonable priced hotel and would recommend Strada restaurant just opposite towards St Pauls for lovely Italian food....tip if requiring a taxi just head out from hotel and turn left for black taxi rank...if hotel books taxi for you private cab firm which are far more expensive !!!!	
Oct 7 2008 	Thin Walls	We booked this hotel for our weekend stay. The location is fine with St Paul's Cathedral almost right outside the front door.Our room was on the side of the hotel in an annexe. Our room was quite small but clean, with a fridge and microwave. The only downside was a very thin wall to the room next door, with the occupants making the maximum noise during certain activities, causing our adjoining wall to shake. This was usually very late into the night! There also was no way to open any windows so the room became quite stuffy and claustrophobic.I would recommend finding a cafe to eat breakfast as the Percento restaurant which adjoined the hotel did not really provide a very appetising breakfast (the cost for this is extra).Overall, not a bad place to stay.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel with one drawback!	This is a great little hotel, but with one draw back!Our room was a standard double with a side view of the front of St Pauls. The room was long &amp; narrow but, by London standards, it was big! Lots of space with a comfy bed &amp; an Ipod Doc! The staff were really friendly &amp; helpful, but unobtrusive - there if you needed them. Otherwise, it was like staying in a modern version of a London Club - you let yourself in &amp; out &amp; got on with having a great time - great for the independently minded.We didn't hear any noise from other rooms BUT (heres the drawback) St Pauls chimes the hour EVERY HOUR - 24/7! Well it did whilst we were there, causing us to wake at 5am. But the cathederal was there first, so cannot complain!Even with this, I would go back. The transport links are great - busses &amp; tubes. And you get to see a bit of the working side of London as well as all the usual sites.One other minor issue - a lot of the local bars &amp; resturaunts are not open at weekends! They probably rely on the city workers for trade. But there are a few near by that open &amp; with the West End a few minutes away, this is not much of an issue.Of the hotels I have stayed in in London, this gave the best value for money - as long as you are a deep sleeper OR okay with waking early!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great Value in London	Club Quarters St. Pauls was a terrific hotel for a long holiday weekend in London. I arranged a reasonable rate through an on-line discount site (about $150 per night), making this hotel a remarkable value. The hotel is located at the foot of the main entrance to St. Pauls, so you have a magnificent view greeting you every morning. The room itself was clean, functional, and by London standards, relatively spacious. Modern furnishings, comfortable bed. Not posh, but definitely comfortable. The club area has computers with internet access, and free bottles of chilled water are available on every floor. The only drawback on this trip was the fact that because the hotel is in the City area of London, many of the restaurants etc. either close early or don't open at all on weekends. As long as you're willing to jump on the Tube, though, this is a great hotel for the price.	
Aug 29 2008 	OK hotel in good location for St Pauls	I have slightly mixed views about this hotel...The location, very close to St Pauls is fine, but in an area of town that is very quiet on a weekend, so really you'll be using this as a base for trips into the more central place. That said there are a few restaurants near St PAuls and a trip to the theaters by taxi was only £10.The hotel itself is pretty modern and has all the amenties you would expect.And the room we had was spacious enough for London, although we did get a disabled toilet so I'm not sure how this compares to a standard room...So all in all I should be giving it a better review, but there was just something about it that was a little uninspiring - nothing that I could say was terrible or great, maybe it is just a little bland and impersonal like many chain hotels in large cities....	
Aug 20 2008 	Great hotel we will come back!	We were really delighted by this hotel - it's really great value for money!!It's location directly next to St. Paul's Cathedral - we could even see its cupola from our room! - is the greatest starting point for exploring London, with the bus stop directly in front of the door and the tube station 2min walk away. There are a lot of cafes and restaurants in the area and you can reach Tate Modern within 10min by foot. Our room positively surprised us as it was large, light and clean, the bathroom was clean too. The staff was friendly and helped us with all our inquiries. We loved the free water available on every floor! We will definitively come back!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed overnight in London and couldn't fault this hotel.The hotel is in a great location, and the service / cleaniness of the rooms / communual areas was excellent.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2008 	Decent hotel internet service very spotty	This hotel is alright. Clean, had a suite room which was spacious. Ok decorations but has a slight youth hostel feel to it. The staircase was right next to the sitting room of the suite and I could hear people clomping up and down the stairs while I was trying to work. The suite had a microwave and fridge which would be nice for a longer stay. I liked the water and bottles on each level.Many restaurants nearby do close down on the weekend, but there are still options open. St. Paul's is right out the door and the St. Paul's tube stop, if it is open, is very close as well.When I checked in I was pulling two large bags and carrying two shoulder bags, several people behind the desk didn't offer to help me or even hold the door open even though they were not doing anything, they just stood there and looked at me as I tried to pull everything through the doors. My biggest complaint is the free internet. The service was very spotty, working great for a few minutes and then not working at all for 10-15 minutesIf you want an alright hotel that is clean with basic services at a reasonable price for London in a decent location this place is not a bad choice.	
Jun 10 2008 	Queen Bed and AC	I paid far more than I would expect to pay in US, but I stayed here the final three nights of my stay in UK and was happy to have a queen bed I could sleep in. I did stay there over a weekend - Fri/Sat/Sun nights. It was a &quot;director room&quot; per the booking information. No refrigerator or microwave which would have made it nicer. But there wasn't really enough room for those niceties. I only met up with unfriendly female front desk type in the Monday AM. Otherwise, it was mostly male and very helpful/cordial. I was delighted to see nice bedding and curtains. Also, I was granted a room facing Paternaster Square so I had no front of house road noise to contend with or complain about. Ludgate Hill is really Fleet Street after all. There is another factor here, though, that may aggravate some people. The hallways are very long getting to room.One reviewer mentioned smell - YUP. When you turn the water on in the sink it is horrendous. But then - I would hope that would tell a normal person you cannot drink that water. They provide chilled, filtered water machine all the way out by the elevator. You need to fill up a couple water bottles rather than just one if you intend to use the coffee machine. I chose not to use it due to the water odor.How great to be able to go down to &quot;Club Room&quot; and log in to email for free - as well as getting to print your boarding pass without charge as printing is also complementary.Great location for walking to Westminster Abbey and adjacent sites; attended Evensong at St Pauls at the 5pm service. If you work it into your schedule you can attend Evensong service at Westminster Abbey at 5pm. They open the doors at 4:15 for public attendance. I recommend a visit just a couple blocks down Fleet Street to St Bride's as they have very interesting and meaningful exhibits inside. The steeple can be seen from street, but church is somewhat hidden behind stores. [Their Evensong is at 6:30 and would have been good to attend, but I wanted to hear the sound in St Pauls.] This hotel is great location for walking across Millennium Bridge to Globe Theatre and/or Tate Modern. Just walking the Thames Path on both sides, really, is very enjoyable. With regard to noise from adjoining rooms: I did hear someone clear her throat - so I hope my television viewing in the evening did not disturb her! Otherwise, I heard no noise. The people all around me had the &quot;Privacy Wanted&quot; cards in their doors. This hotel has free washing machine/dryer on second floor where you have to go for ice and vending machines if you need anything. If you need things like pillows/ iron/ mouthwash...all those things are to be found in a closet in the hallway close to the elevator. No problems! There is a Marks and Spencer across the street from hotel on Ave Maria for inexpensive meal to go.	
Jun 8 2008 	Loved it!	Lovely place to stay, big rooms, very clean, and great location, less that a 5 minutes walk to st paul s cathedral. internet is for free downstairs which is a big plus and i really liked the detail of having bottles to fill up and take away on each floor.	
May 9 2008	Almost everything was perfect	I've stayed in every kind of hotel in London from hostels in the 1960s to the Dorchester. For the price this was the best! The location can't be beat, looking at St. Paul's every day is breathtaking. Don't worry about other reviews that say the area is quiet on weekends--there's plenty available on Saturday and Sunday....at least 6 coffee and light meal places right outside the door and the amazing PaterNoster Square just behind the hotel, with outside/inside dining and tables to sit and have coffee under the cathedral. The tube is very close and busses for all areas right out the door. The rooms are simple, but more than adequate and most importantly CLEAN. The staff is very helpful and was always available for requests. The only problem....I had booked and paid for the stay on Hotwire prior to leaving the US. When I checked my credit card the day after arriving I found that the hotel had charged me again for the full stay...some 750 pounds!!! Once I spoke to them it was quickly resolved, but I found on checkout that the last nights room charge was once again on my credit card. This too they fixed quickly, but a word to the wise...check your bill carefully and often, you don't need any surprises like this when travelling. Despite this the hotel is perfect and I will never stay anywhere else in London.	
May 5 2008 	Decent Affordable Safe Etc	This hotel is decent. It's clean, modern, safe, etc. It is in a great location, literally right next to St. Paul's cathedral. The checkin can be a little chaotic as there is not much room in the lobby and the foreign receptionists are a little snotty. The rooms are basic but modern. The rooms are a little loud, especially if you have a window facing the street out front. Especially loud in the morning on a work day. This is the business district, so there is a rush hour of cars, people, busses, taxis, etc.This hotel is right on the tour bus stops and walking distance to a subway station.This is a good option for travelers that want an inexpensive, safe, clean, convenient place to stay, that is a hotel, not a hostel. It's just kinda of loud, not very fancy, and not super comfortable.	
Apr 28 2008 	Ideal Central London Location for a City Break	We stayed at this hotel for one night on a Saturday as we were going to see a show in the West End and needed to be able to get to the theatre without having to spend a fortune on Taxis. The Taxi (Black Cab) cost £10 each way which was OK but there are 2 tube stations close with easy links to the rest of London - and they are cheaper.The hotel itself was very pleasant , the room larger than many for the price and with a &quot;Walk In&quot; shower. The usual tea and coffee was available and the bed was a good size double. Everything was clean. The staff were helpful and accomodating.Having read that some of the previous guests could hear everything in the next door rooms we were a little apprehensive but there was no disturbance for us. The location is excellent and for this alone it is worth staying there. You are very close to St Pauls (100 Yards) and can easily walk across the Millineum Bridge to Tate Modern and the South Bank.There is no parking but we used the NCP Car Park about 500 yards away and for 24 hours parking on Sataurday it is £7 - not bad for central London. It is the same for Sunday.This hotel is perfect for a city break - we would certainly stay again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Extremely Disappointing	I thought I was getting a good service by being allowed to check in at 9am, but unfortunately I think the room was a real let down.It was small, no living space at all to move around and 2 adults struggled in a room this small. Also the microwave and fridge that are in most rooms were not included in this room which was a shame. The bed was small and there were no extra / spare pillows supplied. The bathroom was immaculate but there was a very unpleasant smell coming from the sink in the bathroom. Be wary of handing your debit card over when you check in. I was told they would only be taking an imprint of the card, they didn't say they would be pre authorising the card with an extra amount without your authorisation. This takes a long time to clear (a week so far). It's a bit of a liberty considering the hotel's restaurant was closed for the entire weekend we were there. Also it's very true that the walls are paper thin, and while i'm not a prude, next door's bedroom antics are not something i want to listen to. All in all a very disappointing stay at Club Quarters, and low standards compared to the high level of service and quality we have received in the past.	
Apr 13 2008 	First rate hotel and location.	We have just returned from a weekend at this hotel and would certainly recommend it. We had a triple room, and although the 3rd bed was a folding bed it was comfy enough and the room was a fair size to take it. There was also a small kitchen area with fridge, mini sink and microwave - all of which were handy (theres an M&amp;S food store less than 100 yards from the hotel).The furnishings were of a high standard, even the corridors had nice thick carpets so you didn't hear people walking past in the middle of the night. We didn't use the restaurant so cant comment on that but found the staff very helpful, we found it very hot in our room but the windows were locked but staff came very quickly to unlock them for us and even provided a fan too!Only slight (very) moan would be the hairdryer in the bathroom isn't much good - so girls you might want to take your own.	
Mar 29 2008 	Paper Thin Walls	Booked this hotel for a long weekend through Londontown website to get a good deal, and had read reviews on Tripadvisor before booking. However didn't realise just how paper thin the walls are. We didn't have a loud party next to us, just a single guy, but we could hear everything, TV, phone conversations and worst of all bathroom breaks !! Apart from this the hotel was very nice and clean, and although the area is convenient, it was a bit dead at the weekend.	
Mar 26 2008	Second stay just as great as the first.	Had such a comfortable stay last year, thought I'd try it again. Everything was very consistent. I really like how peaceful it is on weekends. Will definitely use this hotel again.The only real downside was the restaurant on the ground floor. Had the worst meal there. No wonder you never see anyone in there!	
Mar 25 2008 	Great location	Stayed for one night with husband and 3 year old daughter. They provided a very comfortable camp-bed for her in the large double-bedded room which didn't encroach into the living space at all. An initial amount of tea/coffee/milk was provided, but this could be replenished through a 'help yourself' &quot;guests services&quot; cupboard. Microwave, crockery, cutlery, small kettle and fridge provided as standard. The shower was really powerful and threw loads of water down. The drain could have been better for this amount of water though. Breakfast was provided by the Percento restaurant next door via an internal access from Club Quarters. This is not included in the price of the hotel but it was fabulous, very reasonable, and we found the staff to be very nice. We weren't charged for our 3 year old's breakfast which is normal practise apparently. You can pay there and then, or they'll charge your room if you haven't checked out and can provide the key card.This hotel was REALLY close to chain restaurants (Pizza Express, Cafe Rouge, GBK, Strada) as well as coffee shops and pubs. There's a late-night grocers across the road selling all sorts. It's a stone's throw to St Pauls, which means you can get in first thing, before all the crowds start queueing. The tube is minutes away, and there are bus stops right outside. The bus takes about as long as it does to walk right into the centre (about 20-25 minutes, not dawdling). Buy your ticket BEFORE getting on the bus at the bus stop (there's a machine). Get an all day travel ticket though, if you're travelling more than once in one day. It's MUCH cheaper.Gripes: 1. The walls were a bit thin, so if you've got a choice, choose a room at the end of a corridor, rather than the beginning, then you won't be disturbed by people returning late at night. That said, I didn't think it was terrible. 2. The lifts were manic during check out time Sunday morning. With only 2 fairly small lifts, they couldn't cope with the volume of people leaving/going to breakfast, and we waited for 3 lifts which came and went chocka full guests, before we decided to take the stairs.Although a couple of small gripes, it certainly didn't detract from what was a great room at really reasonable rates. We will definitely go back to this hotel again for our next stay in London.Highly recommended.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Hotel fantastic location reasonable price	We used this hotel as our base for a birthday weekend in London, 2 nights with sightseeing and theatre, and I was really impressed with the hotel. We had a family room (double with Camp bed) for 3 adults and we had plenty of space.The room, and the whole hotel was immaculate, and the staff were very helpful. The central location is great for exploring London, and close enough to walk back from the west end (it is a long walk though!)I would highly recommend this hotel and will be staying there again the next time I'm in London	
Feb 17 2008 	Great hotel	I agree with most of the good reviews here, an excellent location, clean hotel and polite staff. A stones throw away from St Pauls, close to tube and a nice pub, coffee places and a 24hr shop across the road.The only downside was that I didn't get much sleep. The walls are paper thin and we were unlucky enough to have a stag group staying next door...they nosily returned after their night out at about 2am and continued partying until 6am...I had to be up my 8am so I duly slammed all my doors and put the TV up to its highest level until I left...I dunno, made me feel better in a childish kind of way.It hasn't put me off staying here in the future though, I really do think we just got unlucky, it is however very similar to the Apex near Towerhill, another nice affordable hotel in central London.	
Feb 3 2008 	hard to beat	I'm happy to confirm the message of most of the other reviews:this is a good quality and good value hotel in a good location.£74 plus VAT for the room and £8.50 each for the breakfast amounts to £52 per person per night for a quality B and B stay in central(ish) London.I booked on the London Town website.We stayed on a Saturday night , which may have had a bearing on the price.Fill your boots !	
Feb 2 2008 	Convenient for us	Situated between tube stations St Pauls and Black Friars, the Club Quarters can be easily found in a few minutes from either station.Upon arrival, we were checked-in quickly by friendly staff and the initial impression was good.Our rooms, on the third floor, were clean and furnished modernly. One room even had a microwave and mini-bar; didn't stay long enough to make use of those facilities! We liked the free cold water dispensed from a machine which was on our floor which was really handy before a day of touring.Thoroughly impressed and for a short stay, was convenient for what we had planned to do that weekend. Would definitely book again, as was extremely good value.	
Jan 31 2008	Good value for London	This hotel has a good location for tourists as well as for business travellers to the City and financial district. The room is large (for London) and well equipped for business (desk plus free internet). Bathroom is correct without being luxurious. There is a nice lounge area and the breakfast is good. My room was cold because there was a fault with the heating. They installed a heater that was a reasonable solution. Great location for St Paul's and the Tate, as well as the City. Good transport connections. By London standards it was good value for money. The area is fairly quiet at the week end - some of the local restaurants and bars were closed, but there were still lots of possibilities. Two minutes from Tube but not a direct line to St Pancras (if you travel Eurostar). You can walk to the West End in about 20 mins (if I remember right).	
Jan 31 2008 	Could Have Been Much Better	The Club Quarters Hotel, just steps away from St. Paul's Cathedral in London, was good, but with better housekeeping, could've been great. The hotel is very nicely furnished and provides lots of amenities, such as free computer and internet access, but the room service reallyput a damper on my experience. Instead of replacing towels that were laid in the shower to be removed, they were simply hung back up. That night when we would come back to our room, hoping to jump in the shower, we would find dirty, damp towels waiting for us. The room alsohad miscellaneous trash bags and other supplies stored under the beds.One tends to get a little nervous to look under the bed and find blacktrash bags filled with unknown items...eek!	
Jan 9 2008 	What a location	I booked a two night stay in Club quarters through my travel agent as part of a deal with flights and show included. Due to the special price we were not pinning our hopes on a luxuary hotel.....but how we were wrong. The first thing to say about this hotel is location, absolutely stunning, just 50 yards from the world famous St. Pauls Cathedral. From the outside and lobby you get the impression that the haotel is quite small, until you see how long the corridors go on for. The rooms are of medium size and the ensuites good and well stocked. The hotel is very clean and tidy. Our package didnt include breakfast but there are plenty of cafes on Fleet Street and around St. Pauls to cater for this at a reasonable price. Apart from St. Pauls the hotel is less than 250 metres from the Old Bailey, Millennium Bridge, Tate Modern. Plenty to do and see in the surrounding area. The Hotel is good for business people to as rooms include a desk writing paper and internet access. The hotel also had its on gym facility. All in all a Marvelous hotel, if you spy a special offer at Club Quarters do not hesitate in booking.	
Jan 1 2008	Club Quarters Accomodations	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters next to St. Paul's Cathedral over the Christmas holiday 2007. The accomodations were very reasonable and the staff helpful and pleasant. Club Quarters, St. Paul, is one of two locations in London. It is a 2 minute walk from the St. Paul tube station.We stayed in the Queen suite which I thought was very roomy by European standards. There was an in room microwave and fridge. A Marks and Spencer store as well as Starbucks was right round the corner which made eating yummy and economical - the local pub &quot;The Londoner&quot; was expensive for what it offered ($40+ US) and horrible (my husband's meal was cold and they brought me something I didn't order and then only offered to compensate us with a free 1/2 pint!!). Club Quarters, 24 Ludgate Hill has free 24 hour internet access and wifi availble in room. They also had self service laundry facilities.I can't say enough good things about our stay at the Club Quarter, 24 Ludgate Hill, London. We will definitely stay there again!!!	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Location Appalling Noise!!!!	Stayed here for 2 nights at end of December 2007. Location is great and if you know London, it's within easy walking distance of all the great sights.Even though the location was great and very reasonable price, this was overriden by the terrible fact that the walls are VERY thin and you can hear 'EVERYTHING' your neighbours are doing. This isn't to say that our fellow guests were inconsiderate or noisy but with the walls being so incredibly thin, you can hear time they went to the toilet/shower, conversations, TV and more besides.....Definately bring ear plugs if you want a good sleep	
Dec 24 2007 	Loved the Club Quarters.	My partner and I have just returned from an excellent two night stay at the Club Quarters. The location was great near both Blackfriars and St Pauls tube stations and just a minute away from St Pauls Cathedral. The room was very nice and clean but quite a small bed, it had a shower room with excellent powerful shower but no bath. The only fault was that we could hear people in the next room.There is a starbucks next door and costa coffee directly opposite which was very handy. Overall the stay was excellent I would stay there again.	
Dec 17 2007	Your only choice	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. London, normally horrible hotels at horrible prices with tiny stuffy rooms, awkward plumbing - Club Quarters is different. THIS IS SINGULARLY THE BEST HOTEL IN LONDON. Located directly in front of St. Paul's church. Fast check in, great bathrooms, well illuminated, nice styling. This is simply your best choice in London bar none. The only downside, and I consider this very minor, is this area is very quiet on the weekends, few restaurants and street activity and a bit of a long walk to anywhere. Marks &amp; Spencer and Pret a Manger are next door for quick food. St. Paul's tube stop is 5 min walk. I've written 100's of Tripadvisor's reviews and this property is in my TOP 10. Rooms still pricey, but the best deal in the city.	
Dec 16 2007 	Not Fancy But Great Choice	Not a fancy place but a great choice for a clean, comfortable and convenient place to stay in the heart of London. Great staff-they have a machine check-in but the staff helps. Fastest check-in I ever had. The rooms, while not fancy, are very spacious and functional and new. Smallish bathroom by US standard but fine for Europe. Since I was by myself for business, it was perfect. Not sure it is the place I would take my wife, but I would certainly recommend it to everyone. Great location as well-the Tube was a few moments away and I could see St. Paul form my window. I was concerned about noise, but the windows were new and it was very quite even though I was on a major street. No a problem at all. . Very nice large lounge with some computers well. I have stayed for the same amounts at those converted Georgian houses that are now B&amp;B's, and this was by far a superior choice. This is where I plan to stay whenever I am in London for business.	
Dec 4 2007	Nice	Very nice hotel. Great location and at a very reasonable price. I recommend it.	
Nov 17 2007 	Great Location	This hotel was selected for a weekend away, by a couple - us! It was on arrival, very friendly, ( Even though we arrived at 11pm, as arranged). Once we checked in at the hotel reception we were directed to our hotel room. First impression were bright, clean and spaceous and just what we were looking for. The hotel staff were always willling to help with tourism and directions around london. All questions were answered with a smile! Bathroom clean - very important, and breakfast downstairs in the restauraunt for an additional charge. Overall we would definately go back again.	
Nov 9 2007 	"Great location nice rooms"	I stayed at the St. Paul's location for business. Service and front desk vwas very professional, polite and accomodating. Free wifi was included in the room, comfortable beds, nice showers and nicely equipped gym were all nice touches. The fridge and microwave were a great for my trip as you eventually get sick of eating out after a week! Marks and Spencer Simply Foods is next door and was a daily stop for me and the fridge.Location is great and close to tourist attractions/trains. Would stay again!	
Oct 26 2007 	Great Little Hotel for Tourists!	I researched a lot and found this hotel for a reasonable rate $197/night. The reviews were good so I thought we would give it a chance. This was my husband's first time to London and I know your hotel can make or break a London trip (I have stayed in some dodgy London hotels!) I was very impressed when we checked in, the lobby is nice and clean, check in was very easy. The room was small, but very comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious. It had everything we needed. The Big Bus Stop is right outside which was great for us, we did the Hop on, Hop off tour so my husband could see the whole city in one day and when we were done the bus stops right outside the hotel! The underground is around the corner and there are actual bus stops on either side of the street as well. Around the hotel are little sandwich shops, breakfast shops and a few nice places for dinner. It is quiet at night, but busy in the morning when everyone goes to work. The only thing that bothered me was that we were charged $40 additional by the hotel and when I asked what it was for, they said extra tax but no real explanation. So expect to pay that extra fee.	
Oct 24 2007 	Reasonably Priced Secure Hotel in the City	This was only intended as a bolt hole after a late night at a birthday party in Shoreditch, so were weren't after anything particularly luxurious. Yet for the price, we got comfortable, classic surroundings, with a good bathroom (double size shower - i say!) a wicked view of The Gherkin and Natwest Tower, and tea and coffee in the room. The automatic check in machines are a bit temporamental, best to go round the corner and get one of the staff to help you. Nice lounge area in front with board games, books and magazines, all felt very god. Clean, tidy and warm. Very well located for Liverpool Street and Bank.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great for London!	If you can secure a resonable rate then this is a great hotel. We paid US$200/night for a one bdm suite - which was good by Londons very pricey standards. Also spacious compared to other London options - living and dining area + kitchenette (although not very well equiped, no toaster etc). Room was clean and tidy and they hotel generally had good facilities. Great Location... walking distance (2-20mins) to many tourist attractions. This was a good deal for London!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	A cosy and recommended accomodation not a 4* one in my opinion	The location of this hotel is really good, very close to St Paul's Cathedral and 5 minutes from both St Paul's or Blackfriars Tube stations. The guys at the reception desk have been quite polite, even though we had to ask twice for an additional bed to be added in our room (once in the morning when checking-in and the second one in the late afternoon, when we returned at the hotel and found out that no bed was added), as formerly specified on our booking form. We booked a suite double room for 3 adults and one 9-month-old baby; the towels however were enough for just two people. The room (#343) is quite large and comfortable, furnished with a queen size bed, various drawers, a wardrobe, a desk with chair, a kitchenette, a sofa, a color TV. The bathroom is ok, though quite little; moreover, there is no trash basket (useful especially for ladies - you can imagine...); we found available a soap and two small tubes (shampoo and bath foam), refurbished daily.The room was globally clean, quiet and cosy, even though I would not say the accomodation is a '4 stars' one.Free icy water available on each floor to take away. Fast lifts.I'll come back in this hotel soon and definitely would recommend it.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location Great Value	Fantastic location for staying in central London - literally across the street from St Pauls, a stone's throw from the St Pauls tube station, and handy for the Tate Modern (if that's your style) ten minutes across the foot bridge.Rooms are the usual CQ small, clean, minimalist and modern, with free wireless internet. Rates are cheap to reasonable, and for a traveller from the US with exchange rates the way they are that really saved my bacon.I would recommend this place to anyone short of a room-service and pointlessly luxurious service-addicted hotel heiress....	
Aug 6 2007	Fantastic London Hotel	After a last minute screw up with a travel agent we ended up booking Club Quarters St. Paul's online -- the night we were flying to London. So crossed our fingers everything would be alright! As it turned out, we were thrilled with the outcome. The hotel was located in the business district, which meant the weekend traffic was less than the other areas of London. My husband and I spent two weekends at St. Pauls and loved every minute. We were within walking distance to everything - - Covent Gardens, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, London Bridge etc. The rooms were spacious and had a little kitchenette and sitting room. We stocked up on snacks and drinks from M&amp;S and that made staying in London a bit more affordable. I would highly recommend this hotel - - the staff was helpful. Bottled water was available on every floor and restocked on a regular basis. The price was right - - consider Club Quarters if heading to London.	
Jul 27 2007	Nice and confortable Hotel !	Nice and clean hotel, very good location in the City, next to St Pauls and the Tate Modern. The subway is very near too. Good place !	
Jul 16 2007 	Good Location - dodgy lifts!	Firstly I would not call this a 4* hotel. It is an ok 3* in my opinion. The location is fab, we had a view of the cathedral from our room, which was clean, the bed was comfortable and you can't grumble at the price... But, one lift was out of order when we arrived and the other one broke down at 11pm Saturday night. The stairs were outside and locked (fire risk!?) so there ended up being about 35 people milling around in reception for the 20 or so minutes it took them to fix the lift. The staff were pleasant enough, esp for london! The automated check in machine didn't work. The toilet in our room was constantly refilling. The tea/coffee facilities were bizarre, one set and then you help yourself from a stock cupboard down the hall, which had no stock on our floor so my boyfriend had to go trapsing onto 3 different floors to find more tea bags!!	
Jul 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at Club Quarters for three nights (Thursday - Sunday). I have to say that it was absolutely fantastic. The hotel is very clean, modern and tasteful - all at a great price for London.Other reviews have said this is not a great hotel to explore London from but I have to disagree. The London tour bus stops right outside the hotel and St Pauls tube station is a 2 minute walk away. We spent 2 nights at the theatre and walked back to the hotel on both nights - about a 15 minute stroll. The air conditioning in the room is a welcome bonus after a day on London tubes!! The shower was also a welcome surprise as it had an adjustable head (unlike most hotels I've stayed in where the shower head is fixed to the wall or ceiling (not good if you don't want to wash your hair every time you shower)!!We were room only so can't comment on the food in the restaurant - do you go to London and want to eat in though? If you do there is a microwave in each room (and an M&amp;S food store just up from the hotel).All in all an absolutely fantastic break and I can't recommend Club Quarters enough.	
Jun 25 2007 	great hotel	i took my partner to london because we had never been before and this hotel was lovely to stay at. the room was small but had everything in it. we could see st pauls cathedral from our hotel window and the hotel was in a great position to get to all the main attractions. had a great weekend and would definetely go back and use this hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	Great value	This hotel is conveniently located near St. Paul's Cathedral, the Tower of London, and the Globe Theater. It was a very good value for the price.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great for us	We booked this hotel, due to it's close location to a party we were attending in a pub on Fleet Street. On the subject of location, it's perfect for St Paul's, Millenium Bridge, Globe Theatre and Tate Modern. We walked to Convent Garden in about 20 mins, and had time to walk over the Millenium Bridge, have a great Sunday &quot;fry-up&quot; breakfast at a pub on the opposite side of the river and whisk round the Tate Modern before we had to check-out the next morning.We had requested a superior room, with kitchenette &amp; an extra bed as there were 3 of us, which turned out to be a sprung &quot;Z-bed&quot; but OK for one night. I was just glad they'd remembered the spare bed, because I'd arranged this on the phone, a while after my initial booking, and I had no proof. We paid £104, which between 3 of us was great for London.I liked the decor of the room and bathroom. Shower was great. There was air conditioning which was good, because you couldn't open the windows. The corridors (which didn't have air-con) were stifling hot. There was free chilled water machines in the corridor, with bottles to take into your rooms. You needed your room key to get the lift to work, which was a nice security touch, but there were no obvious stairs, for my friend, who doesn't like lifts, to use.Restaurant / bar was shut on the Saturday evening / Sun morning, but plenty of eating / drinking options nearby.Sorry the photos are not very good - I took them on my mobile on the wrong resolution setting!	
Jun 4 2007 	Value for money in the City	If you are looking for a comfortable hotel in the City under £85 per night at a weekend but only 3 minutes fom the Central Line, Club Quarters meets the billCheck in/out is automated but the staff were helpful when the machine stalled. Yes there is no hotel restaurant on Saturday evening but this is central London, the choice is miriad if expensive, you wont starveFeels like an up market American chain, so everything is predictable and comfortable . Rooms are small but well furnished. A little noisy if your room overlooks Ludgate HillGreat value.	
May 16 2007	Disgraceful	1)it is absolutly disgraceful to be asked to pay one pound to leave the luggage for each item of luggage at the consierge.(1 pound for each item of luggage and the pound you have to pay advance)2)the staff was not friendly and looked miserable 3) it wasn't a very welcomy atmosphere4) the standard of the breakfast was below average5) the toilet flush was not working properlyWe had to keep asking for towels because were never enough for 2 people6) i wouldn't call a four star hotel7) i found a dirty cloth left on my pigiamas by the cleaner	
May 10 2007 	Great Stay Great Price Recommend	This was my first stay at a Club Quarters and I was very happy. They quickly checked me in early even though I had not arranged an early check in. The room had a king size bed, a small fridge, a microwave when I had only booked a &quot;Double Room&quot;. The location was good for seeing St. Paul's and close to the Underground for easy access to anywhere in the city but is a bit of a far walk to get to Big Ben, Parliment, St. James Park, etc. The only thing to be aware of is they don't have bathtubs and the shower is more like a college dorm room shower but you can get really good prices online or direct so well worth it since London is a pretty expensive city.	
May 8 2007 	Great Location	Picked this hotel due to it's location for a wedding nearby. Our &quot;superior&quot; room was clean and functional - but a bit plastic and in need of some modern touches. The staff were helpful and friendly despite having to battle with a new electronic checking in/out system that was having teething problems (we were lucky we left when we did on the Sunday.The key feature of this hotel is it's fabulous location for St Pauls - 20 yards away and in turn the millenium bridge, Tate Modern etc.There's an NCP car park around the corner that only cost £6 to stay in from 3pm Saturday to 1pm Sunday which made the travelling quite cheap.	
May 4 2007 	Good quality hotel in London	Club Quarts St. Pauls is a good accomodation in London: just next to St. Pauls Cathedral, nice room (not to big but clean), quite close to tube station (3 minutes walking).Clab Quarters is a typical business trip hotel but it could be a good option also for holidays.We stayed there for a weekend and, because of it is situeted in the City, the surrounding on Saturday and Sunday was very calm and relaxing.The price was pretty good (we paid 50 euros per night, that's very cheap for London!!!). Just one advice: they use to ask a little deposit, therefore it would be easier if you have a credit card (otherwise you'll asked to give some cash).	
May 3 2007 	Nice hotel very good location	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights over Easter. As others have said the location is excellent beside St. Pauls and 5 minutes to the nearest tube station. It is also very quite at night and over the weekend ( the 2 nearest bars were closed at 8pm on Sunday evening). The room was spacious for a city centre hotel, although we had no fridge or microwave as others mentioned. It cost 560 for the 4 nights(breakfast not included). As everyone is on a different budget you can make your own mind up on value for money. Our only gripe would be with the people at reception. The odd &quot;good morning &quot;or &quot;have a nice day&quot; would not have gone astray. Instead it felt like we were a nuisance instead of guests. That said the hotel is a good base for exploring London.	
Apr 23 2007 	Impressive quality and great service	Since Feb 2007, I have stayed at this hotel a total of five times. I have been compelled to write this review because, every single time I have stayed, I have not been dissappointed.The rooms are spacious and clean. Unlike other hotels, you will not feel claustrophobic.The location is great. You are just on the edge of the very centre of London. As such, you are able to walk to the major shopping districts with ease. Being near the River Thames is a bonus.The service has always been above par. A special mention to the desk attendent called Leena (not sure if thats how you spell it), she is very professional and courteous.I used to live in the area of the hotel. In terms of decor, there are better hotels to be found. However, for an overall package, nothing comes close to this one. I no longer look around for the best deals; I simply go to book this hotel, whatever the rate.	
Mar 9 2007	great hotel	i was very impressed with this hotel. london has notoriously high lodging prices. this one was $150 including taxes, and in a great location right by st. pauls cathedral. you're within walking distance of fleet street and trafalgar square. we even walked all the way to leicester square from there. excellent staff, self-service check in, really nice rooms, great breakfast buffet (not included in room price.) the only thing i didn't like about the hotel was that there's no barrier to keep the shower water out of the rest of the bathroom, so when you shower it floods the entire bathroom.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good price good location	Great bargain for London. Good sightseeing at the nearly next door St. Pauls and across the bridge from the Tate Modern. Further afield but walkable (or easy bus ride) to the Theatre District.A decent amount of food choices despite being in the business district. Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese Pub (among others) is down the street. A french bistro across from St. Pauls and a Marks &amp; Spencer Food store to stock your in room fridge and microwave.Free internet, free wash&amp;dry. This was a great choice at the end of road-weary trip in England. Would choose again.Admittedly a small, shower-only bathroom, but that's par for the course.	
Feb 11 2007	Stay Here!	Located in the beautiful historic bit of central London and walking ditance from most of the recommended sights. Rooms are compact but spacious enough.Wireless Internet complimemtary. No complimentary breakfast but in the surrounding area there are tonnes of georgeous little places to try and the hotel does offer room service at London prices.The room itself was immaculate and staff were friendly enough.All in all a good choice for exploring London.	
Jan 30 2007 	Great hotel nice location	Have stayed in this hotel twice and both times standards have been good and got a good rate.Rooms are nice and clean and hotel is quiet and you can see St Pauls from your window which is good.Location was great me and my other half had booked the Ice Skating at Somerset house and this was a 10 min walk from the hotel. We walked to the west end which was about a 15-20mins walk which is great. Hotel is a short walk from the Thames so if you don't fancy the West End a nice walk along the Thames is lovely. There is also a pub which does a good breakfast not far from the Millenium Bridge, The Founders Arms.Hotel staff are friendly enough!Will probably stay here on my next trip to London, the location is ideal and lastminute do a good rate.	
Jan 11 2007 	Good Location	After reading some of the reviews on this site, we thought we'd give this hotel a try and we weren't disappointed. The room itself was very nice, with a microwave and fridge as other reviewers have mentioned. Just the ability to bring your own food and save a few pounds on breakfast/lunch is vital in a place like London.The area itself is also perfect for people looking for a quieter stay. A few tube stops are easily walk-able (St.Pauls &amp; Blackfriars the main two on differing tube lines), and the Marks and Spencer's food hall next door was open on the weekend, which is a bonus when staying in an area prone to shutting on weekends. Also, the hotel practically overlooks St.Pauls, with the Tate modern just the other side of the river over the Millennium bridge. During our stay, we even walked into Trafalgar square and the west end area. Whilst it's not exactly close, it's very easily walk-able.We also found the staff helpful, when asked upon.Would recommend, if you can get at a decent online price.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great Hotel for Moderate $	This hotel was great. We arrived early from our flight around 7AM. We asked if we could be checked in early and there was no problem the lady at the desk even waived the early check in fee. Our room had a great view of the dome of St Pauls Cathedral which is about a 10 second walk from the entrance to the hotel. Our room had a big bathroom, nice desk, 2 tv's a couch and a huge closet. You also get free internet access and free prints from their computers. The hotel is clean, modern and the staff was all great helping us out with directions and ideas for days in the city. The tube station is a minute walk and the tour bus companies each have a stop in front of the hotel. There is a great little supermarket which we took advantage of bc we got our own fridge as well. Starbucks is next door and there are some great restaurants and pubs in the area as well. It is in a very safe area as well. This was our first trip to London, but we will stay at this hotel again in future visits. Via the tube you are about 10 minutes from all the major attractions, and not to mention St Pauls is right there. Great way to beat the crowds and start off your day early is to head there first around 9am.	
Jan 9 2007 	Better than some places in London I've stayed in!	Stayed here numerous times on business and also leisure, so I can certainly see both sides fo the coin when it comes to reviewing this hotel.From a business perspective, I found it hard to fault. It certainly has better facilities than the other supposedly &quot;business-orientated&quot; hotels I've stayed in. The rooms are more than comfortable and the food in the adjoining restaurant ain't too bad either. However, if you're staying here over the weekend, don't expect the business amenities to be available, and remember that the restaurant closes at 5 p.m. The area where the hotel is situated is very quiet of a weekend (don't those guys in The City ever do overtime!!), so there are very few places open round here. That said, if you are a leisure traveller and just need somewhere to crash while you're out on the town, you could do much worse than this place.	
Dec 30 2006 	Loved Club Quarters!	We spent a long weekend here and found the location to be perfect, right near St. Paul's Cathedral and in a quieter area of London. Geared to business travelers, our room had a desk, file cabinet drawer (handy for clothing, and was quite roomy by London standards, including a king sized bed! The bathroom was spacious and well equipped. Everything was spotlessly clean. Highly recommend this hotel and consider it a real bargain, especially for London. We dined at nearby pubs - another real treat.	
Dec 4 2006 	Disappointing	Looking for somewhere special to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday, we shunned the cheaper option of a Travelodge to go to Club Quarters. It is in a great location, right next to St Paul's, and there was nothing particularly wrong with the hotel itself. Nothing special, but clean and comfortable. But what we felt seriously let it down were the dining facilities...or lack of. On the Saturday evening we decided to have something in our room while we got ready for a night at the theatre... but room service is available only on weekdays...and then only from around 5.30pm-10pm. With a little time to spare, we decided instead to go down to the restaurant...except that doesn't open on a Saturday evening! I have stayed in many hotels around the world and I felt this was just bizarre!! All we wanted something to eat.	
Nov 9 2006	Excellent location shame about the service	We stayed here for a weekend and had a group booking for a wedding nearby.As others have said, it's right next to St Pauls Cathedral and near the Millennium bridge and Tate Modern so a great location. Buses stop outside and the tube is only a few of minutes away.The hotel is clean and modern. The rooms are OK, we had a suite which was nothing special. Some friends on the lower floors rooms seemed somewhat small.There is free internet and an attached restaurant where you can get a buffet English breakfast for £8.50 which isn't too bad at all though not the biggest range of food.My biggest gripe with the hotel has to be the reception staff. Sometime questions seemed an imposition but on one time we were waiting and were just completely ignored whilst the were concentratin on check ins/outs. I have ceratinly encountered better.Still the rates are good at weekends - use it for location not for service.	
Nov 6 2006 	great location	Just come back from a weekend in London for my birthday and glad we chose this hotel to stay in.it's right next to St Paul's which is lovely, and you can just hear the bells in some roomsOur room was on 7th floor and had a microwave and fridge - we booked through lastminute.com and got a price of £188 for 2 nights which we didnt think was too bad at all given the location.the room was nice and roomy, and very light and clean. The bathroom is small but it was more than adequate and the shower was nice and powerful.we asked for a quiet room with microwave and we were given just that - the room faced the back so no traffic noise.we didnt hear any noise from our neighbours at all, but did notice on our last morning that we could hear people talking next door, it wasnt obtrusive, but they werent being loud so might have felt differently if they'd come back at 2 in the morning!the bed was one of the comfiest i've slept inthe microwave and fridge were so handy - we had breakfasts, and ate a meal in our room one night - you can help yourself to plates, glasses and cutlery in their library roomthe library room was really nice and relaxing, and had 3 free internet terminals too which was handy.there's a Marks and Spencer food hall next door which was handy to get our microwave meals!the Big Bus open topped bus tour stop is right outside the hotel, which i thought was quite expensive (£20 each) but the ticket lasted 48 hours, and included a short river tour, and a few guided walkswe had one meal out at the Strada restaurant which is virtually opposite the hotel and was very nice at reasonable prices.we would definately come back, as we thought the location was good (tube stop is just around the corner) and we liked the flexability of being able to prepare and cook meals in our room	
Oct 9 2006 	remarkable value	Stayed here last weekend (Oct '06). What a find! The quickest ever check-in / out. Our room on the top floor (7th) had the most amazing views of St Paul's dome. Added bonus of a fridge and microwave - though not standard in all rooms! The room was huge too, with an excellent shower, plenty of space for luggage, sofa, coffee table and a very comfortable bed. Spotlessly clean and stylish (in a corporate way) throughout, this seems to me to be a genuinely well run hotel.Previous reviewers have commented on the location. Fear not on that score either - plenty of shops / restaurants nearby and the nearest tube station just across Paternoster Square a short hop away. We would return here without a shadow of a doubt!Oh yeah.....great value for money at the weekend too!	
Sep 11 2006 	Above Average	Just after staying in this hotel and would give it 7 out of 10. The staff were friendly, the location very central and you get an excellent rate if you stay on Friday and Saturday nights (it is primarily a business hotel). I thought the rooms a bit small, basic and had trouble with the TV, the breakfast was very limited (no sausages). The mock library at the back of the reception is very nice for a relaxing read and there is free internet access on 3 PC's (one of which was not working when I stayed). The corriders outside the bedrooms are particularly poor, very low ceilings and have the definite air of a ultra cheap dump. I would go back to this adequate tourist hotel at the right price but not for a romantic weekend or somewhere where you had to stay a long time.	
Aug 20 2006	Utilitarian	Functional business hotel in good location, if with late 80's decor. The staff however has all of the warmth of a post Soviet republic.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great Hotel	I booked through Londontown.com after reading the reviews in [------------].I was a bit dubious at first after reading about the thin walls but once getting there my doubts were firmly laid to rest.The walls are plasterboard but i stayed in a suite and couldnt hear a thing from either side - might be different for those who stayed in a room.The hotel staff were polite and knowledgable. Free internet access was a big plus, and the location was fantastic.There are a couple of good restaurants nearby (strada italian is across the street - good food at very reasonable prices) and st pauls tube station is 1 minute walk.Definatley stay again......	
Jul 8 2006	good location value for money	club quarters was a welcome change on our UK road trip. though this is the only hotel I booked before we set out. the other hotels were v expensive and shows u can't go on a unplanned road trip in UK if you're wanting to stay in decent places at value for money. However, club quarters was good break. it was a weekend as usual as they are not rented to public on weekdays. the receptionist were helpful. In fact being a business hotel I could surf the net and get faxes at no cost. the rooms are clean , large enuf for being in central london. we had a room facing the side or back, so was quiet. The location is superb. Right in the heart of everything. no restaurant is aminus. and the area shuts down after 9 pm. however, picadelly is a short bus ride away and we could eat at 11pm. being a business hotel , dont expect exceptional hospitality, but if you're looking for an affordable place to stay, in central london, on weekends , at a short notice, clean rooms, this is the place for you. booked through lastminute and got a decent price for even one night.	
Jul 4 2006	Hotel could use some improvements	This hotel is organized to serve business travellers, i.e. those staying between Monday and Friday. The promised services, such as tea/coffee in the lounge, are unavailable on weekends. They don't even bother changing the flowers on the weekends - only leave them wilting until Monday. The hotel is in a central location but you have to leave the neighbourhood in the evenings and the entire weekend to get something to drink/eat. The plus side is that the neighbourhood is *very* quiet on evenings and weekends. Lastly, I found some of the staff to be quite rude, abrupt and unhelpful. Wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 25 2006 	Absolutely Fabulous	This is about a good as it gets! We stayed at Club Quarters St. Paul's in early June, based on TripAdvisor reviews and the fabulous weekend rates. The hotel was gorgeous and spotless, and the staff were unbelievably friendly and eager to meet all of our needs. We had two interconnecting rooms as we were traveling with our three young children, and one of the doors was not functioning properly. Within minutes, the repairman came and fixed the problem. One of our kids lost a toy when the bedsheets were changed, but the housekeeping and reception staff worked to locate and return it -- very promptly and cheerfully! The hotel interiors are new, and we didn't have any problems with noise (probably because we're used to the kids making noise!) Conversations could be heard in the hallways, but once we entered our room, things were pretty quiet. The elevators were quick, and the security feature was very nice. The WiFi was perfect -- we never had any issues about getting a signal. The free laundry facility (one washer/dryer) was very useful, and we didn't have any problems with its availability -- we did laundry 4 of the 5 nights we were there! The rooms are small but decently-sized compared with European hotel standards, and the beds were very comfortable. The showers were excellent with Grohe showerheads and great water pressure.The location is heavenly, and there are a number of convenience stores (one is open 24 hours) within walking distance. We didn't eat at the adjoining restaurant, but there are some great pubs that serve good food nearby, as well as the Marks &amp; Spencer just around the corner. There is a tourist information kiosk kitty-corner from the hotel, and we picked up one of the London double-decker bus tours right next to St. Paul's Cathedral.  It was actually quite peaceful to be staying away from the more touristy areas, since we were still within walking distance from many great places (Tate Modern, Globe Theater, Millenium Bridge) and could easily get to the other sights via public transportation. Besides, our kids would rather just chase the pigeons outside St. Paul's!We loved this hotel and look forward to our next visit!	
Jun 13 2006	Great Weekend and Bank Holiday value	Modern hotel, just two minutes from St Paul's Cathedral, and 5 minutes from the tube - great location.Extremely pleasant and efficient reception staff who know how to look after a guest - even if it is just a one off overnight stay. Rooms are OK, although not large, and the shower/wc more like a ship's cabin. But hey, at weekends and on public holidays, this place charges about £55.00 per night. It has all you need, and more, including a room on each floor with water, drinks, ice making and ironing board.I am not sure what the rate for normal business days is, but this place is great, and we will use it again.	
Jun 9 2006	Convenient location great comfort	The look and feel of the hotel is &quot;business&quot; - that's what Club Quarters are layed out to be. Free internet access and printing was a plus. A comfortable lounge with free coffee and tea. The room was a decent size. The wash basin was outside the bath (making it practical to use when the other one is taking a shower) and the shower was large so you could move about easily. All functioned very well, although the water pressure was not suitable for a jet massage - but then again, not so much water is wasted while showering (environment friendly). The bed was one of the most comfortable ones I ever slept in - not too hard and very comfy. We had no noise whatsoever.The price we got through &quot;venere(--)&quot; was excellent - best value in town for a 3-4star hotel - 68£ per night (because we booked weeks ahead).We found it very practical to have the City Thameslink station within 100m walking distance taking us from and to Luton airport. Great and direct connections. And the &quot;St. Paul's&quot; tube station was within 200m walking distance, alongside St. Paul's park. As it is on the Central Line covering all of Oxford street and up to Notting Hill, this is more than convenient.The breakfast for 8.50£ on the weekend is a good deal (try getting a hearty all you can eat breakfast in town for that). During the week it is 12.50£.All that is left to say is that the hotel will see us again for sure.	
May 31 2006	good location	Stayed over the bank holiday week-end. Sound proofing could be better but not awful and you can't hear the street noise (being a bank holiday week-end there wasn't much). Our friends had a room on 7th floor with stunning view of St Paul's. Free internet is a boon and the transport is very easy. Train direct to Gatwick from Thameslink station 2 mins away and buses outside - no 11 goes direct to Trafalgar Square and Victoria. Bed was very comfortable! Would stay again.	
May 31 2006	work or walk...	This hotel is very modern. The rooms are big enough and well thought... if you are in London for business.... but as a tourist, you have to like walking if you are to visit.... this hotel is very central, and in the middle of nowhere at the same time.It is at an equal distance of the Tower of London and Westminster... but try to find a pub around the hotel, and you will probably end up in an other area, especially during the week-end. This area of the city opens at 8am monday and closes at 5pm friday.That is for the downsides, because we did have a view on St-Paul Cathedral from our bedroom... the room was very clean, the staff was helpfull, and nothing was missing for us to enjoy our stay... and that is because we love walking around the city. In conclusion, this room was perfect for us, but not everybody would appreciate it.	
Apr 30 2006	Very Good Experience	Stayed here for the London Marathon. Great location, just outside St Pauls and within a few minutes walk of Blackfriars and Thameslink stations for direct link to Gatwick airport. Found the staff very friendly and helpful, made us feel very relaxed. Room was comfy and clean. We had no problem with 'thin walls' but we could simply have been lucky although the hotel was very busy due to the race. Breakfast (not included) can be taken in the adjoining restaurant. £8.50 each may seem expensive but we didn't look for alternatives. Had excellent dinner at the nearby Strada Italian restaurant. Hotel close to a number of tube stations for exploring further. Tate Modern is a short walk away over the nearby millennium bridge.	
Mar 19 2006	It's as badly soundproofed as people say	I stayed here last night - 18th April 2006.I was a bit concerned having read all the reviews previously but when I checked in it was lovely - friendly staff, quick process, great location, sparkling clean room and a comfy bed - couldn't have asked for more. So I checked in and then went back out into town.I came back at about half past midnight and all was still fine... and then my neighbours came home at 1am.I can't blame them - they were only talking - but I could hear EVERY word.Thankfully they weren't doing anything dodgy but every noise no matter how small comes through the walls. Actually they aren't walls they are plaster.Luckily because of the reviews I had read on here I had ear plugs with me - but I wasn't happy about having to wear them.Moral - if you don't mind noise then stay here because it's clean and comfy, but if noise in anyway bothers you then stay well clear of it.	
Mar 15 2006	GREAT Hotel wonderful value	I booked this hotel last minute to stay there before we left to go back home. I was pleasantly surprised and this is what my mom and I found.Positives: the room is small but nicely furnished, the beds are wonderful with big plushy comforter and pillows, the TV has 15 channels way more than normal London hotels, the hotel offers free internet (they have 3 computers) a lounge with a big TV to watch matches, the bathroom was small but nice. They have a wonderful work out facility and will bring a stepper or bike to your room to use for free. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. The location is facing St. Pauls church but kind of far away from the rest of London. They have an underground stop right by the hotel so you have access to all of London at your fingertips. Negatives: not really any except that it is far from the center of London.	
Mar 6 2006	ab fab	Just back from a weekend at Club Quarters St Pauls. Staff were all very friendly and helpful and our room was spacious, clean and with a brilliant shower.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. We ordered in a chinese one night and staff brought it up for us. We panicked after ordering that we didn't have any plates or knives/forks in our room but staff brought these up as well. We had worried that we wouldn't be allowed to order in food but it wasn't a problem. They were also happy to give us directions and order us a cab.The hotel is right next to a tube station and lots of resturants and cafes.You can hear the bells of St pauls, but it's not loud and didn't bother us. The only problem was the sound of the traffic outside - very loud. We couldn't hear our neighbours though like previous reviewers have commented.The only problem we encountered was with percento resturant. Breakfast is very overpriced - £8.50. Yes, you get a lot for breakfast but you can get the same for 1/4 of that price! Furthermore we had dinner there one night and it was cheap, economy food. Very overpriced. They got our order wrong and the blond, suited, waitress rolled her eyes behind our back and mouthed to her colleague that we were stupid scots!!! Furious!Apart from the resturant, we were happy with everything else.I strongly recommend Club Quarters as a place to stay but find somewhere else to eat.	
Mar 4 2006	Very good hotel. Great location and amenities for the price!	This was my first trip to Europe and had heard that European 3-4 star hotels definitely do not compare to American standards. But this hotel was wonderful and I'd recommend it to anyone. I'd rank this just below a Marriot or Hilton hotel, with smaller rooms. Some of the staff was a bit rude but we didn't let it bother us. The hotel is RIGHT next to St. Pauls Cathedral and close to a tube stop; catching taxis or buses is easy to do as well. The City district is in close proximity to many sights and Soho &amp; Covent Garden (where most of the shopping is).Since we stayed during a holiday weekend, the rates were cheaper than usual and there were less guests in the hotel. I had no problems with noise levels but not sure how busy it gets during the week. The beds were comfortable and the room was very clean. The bathrooms were definitely small, but again not unexpected. They had a washer/dryer that you could use on one of the floors which helped us out a lot. And there was free internet access in the lounge with four computers and a printer.	
Feb 20 2006	Excellent value for money	I booked this hotel through the last minute website. I had read a couple of really bad reviews about it, but I can say that for me, none of these comments were applicable.Myself and my boyfriend spent the weekend here. Dont expect a warm welcome from the staff, but who cares! check in is really quick, our room was on the seventh floor and had a great view of the cathedral. You can hear the bells, but they sound quite soft because of the windows. The room was very clean, with a great bed and the best pillows I've ever slept on. The room was bigger than i expected. The bathroom was great, and clean, the shower was really powerful. There is a tv with the usual bbc 1 , itv channels so not too bad. You have to pay extra for other channels. there is a cupboard on every floor, cupboard (floor level, in my case 7 - then 08 (708) which has tea bags etc in which you can help yourself to. The location is great, really close to the millennium bridge, tower bridge , london eye within walking distance. It is also a quiet location. There is an Marks and Spencer one minute from the hotel and another food shop opposite. Didnt eat from the hotel restaurant.I would definately stay here again, dont expect the ritz, but it is clean, great value for money and in an excellent location.the only downside is that the walls are quite thin, but this shouldnt put you off - wear earplugs if it annoys you.	
Dec 20 2005	I couldn't hear MY nighbours	I stayed at this hotel and have nothing but good to say about it. As I used to work in this part of London I know it pretty well aready. what is excellent about this hotel for me is its location, its in front of St Pauls cathedral and right next to the railway which has a direct line to Gatwick and Luton (Thameslink trains). Trains run every five minutes and it took 40 mins to and from the airport which really took the stress out of getting to the airport cos you know its so quick.The hotel itself was clean and tidy, I didn´t hear my nighbours efforts like some of the other reviews, in fact on saturday and sunday it was quiet. staff were good and taxies out side the hotel were frequent. Coffee maker in the room didn't work but that wasn't really a problem as I got the feeling that they would have exchanged it quickly enough. another thing I liked about this hotel was there was a cupboard on evey floor with stuff like Irons and extra soap and towels which you could help yourself to. I'd recommend this place for a long weekend every now and then, but I wouldn't want to live there (much like any hotel), but I'll go back soon.	
Nov 29 2005	Home away from home!	The Club Quarters is your home away from home. We had just stayed there during the Thanksgiving holidays (24Nov until 27Nov) were very satisfied with our stay so much so that when we go back to London, we plan to stay here again. The staff went out of their way to make the guests feel treated like real guests. An example was that we had a problem with the Internet connection in our room. The staff member went out of her way to make sure that the problem got resolved ASAP. Even when we did not need the connection that night, she phoned our room and stayed on the phone until everything was fixed. Everyone else was very accomodating, which made us feel very much at home. I do recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in London. The tube (subway) is litterally less than a 3 minute walk from the hotel. Even the grocery is right on the next block! Cheers to the Club Quarters staff! Outstanding job guys!	
Nov 21 2005 	Nothing wrong with CQ -- St. Pauls	This hotel is not for the tourist looking to stay in the hotbed area of a city. It is just fine however for the business traveler needing a good bed, a good water pressured shower, computer provided internet service, a place to work out, and walking distance to the financial area. There are no fancy restaurants nearby but several pubs to take the edge off after a long business day, most with very adequate food. If price is important, you won't find a better value for your dollar than here.	
Nov 13 2005	i love the rooms	the room was huge! so was the bed! the standard of the shower was below average for a hotel of this establishment, but the room made up for it. i find the staff very businesslike, but i am not that fussed. need to wander a bit ( a lot actually ) to find a place to eat, but i suppose it is an excuse to leave the room and explore the outside world.	
Oct 12 2005 	One of the most disgusting places to stay in London	This has to be one of the most disgusting places to stay in London, if not in the world. The rooms are dirty - there were fingernail cuttings on the floor of my room from a previous guest that had not been vacuumed. Although, it is supposed to be a 'non-smoking' hotel (except for the 5th floor), my bathroom consistently smelt like a nightclub. The smells were so bad that I actually had to leave the place and go to a health club to shower or I would have been sick.The staff at the desk are arrogant, rude and unhelpful. Few of them speak decent English.For GBP100 a night you are better off at a Travelodge. At least they are clean and the service more pleasant. I really do not know how business travellers can stand to stay in this place.	
Aug 26 2005 	My Second Home	I am a regular resident of CQ St Pauls to the extent that some of the staff know me and they have always been courteous and helpful. Having read the reviews of other guests, I can sympathise with some of the complaints but they are very minor when you weigh them against the plus points. Yes, the walls are pretty thin and you can sometimes hear the bells of St.Pauls if your room is facing the right way. Coming from London originally, I quite enjoy the sound of the bells and it certainly never keeps me awake. The lifts and automated check-in do seem to play up quite frequently but these points have never made me consider staying anywhere else for the price. A few tips regarding dining/bars in the area which aren't immediately obvious. For good Thai, turn right out of the hotel then right again into Old Bailey. Thai 33 is right there and they do takeaway. There are also a couple of decent pubs/wine bars in Old Bailey too. Top of Old Bailey and cross over Newgate Street and find the White Hart, a traditional old London pub. Going the other way, come out of the hotel and cross over Ludgate Hill down a small lane to Carter Lane. This 'villagey' area has an excellent Indian, two quality Italians (Da Vinci and Harry's Bar) and a couple of friendly 'local' pubs. My favourite is Ryans, good pub food, friendly Polish and Brazilian staff and lots of football on the TV. For breakfast, head for Ozzies in Ludgate Hill, great quality and friendly staff.Highly recommend CQ if you get the right room	
Jul 27 2005	Very impressed.	Stayed here for the weekend July 22-25. Looking at the reviews on here, I was a little worried about the noise etc that a number of people were complaining about. I did notice some noise but not like that described by others. I was really impressed that you cold only barely hear the bells of the cathedral when they were ringing. The room that we had was a good size with 2 large windows, so lots of natural light. The view was great looking over the building across the street you were able to see the entire dome of St. Paul's, lovely at night.The shower had excellent water pressure and lot's of hot water. We loved the closet by the elevators with stuff in it. Loads of irons and boards, sewing kits etc. Everything that you may need and no need to call someone to try to track it down.If staying on the weekend, I would suggest planning for dinner before 6:00 (when the M and S - Simply food closes). There is not much around open after that time and you could wander aimlessly. I ended up returning to the hotel where they recommended the Italian restaurant across from St. Paul's, which was very good. (Sit in the window if you can... there's always people walking past the church.) The next night, I simply bought some of the Marks and Sparks ready made food. All in all, I would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 17 2005 	Functional 	Great business hotel. Rooms comfortable and have everything you need. Not luxurious but that is not the point. Great location...close to the tube. Easy to grab a Taxi. Overall, I would stay here again.	
Apr 14 2005	Great value hotel in a central location	We paid a low price for this hotel through searching on the internet and for what we paid &lt; £70.00 per night, it represented great value for money.The rooms are reasonably sized and include a fridge, microwave and coffee maker. Our room was more like a suite as it had a table you could have meals at ( not that we did). The bathroom is small with no bath but perfectly adequate. I can't comment on the sound proofing because I always wear ear plugs when I stay away, although the air con in the bathroom was noisy and we could hear it in the room.I thought the location was perfect, within walking distance of an incredible monument, but nice and quiet. I was surprised about the people complaining about lack of restaurants and so forth, all they needed to do was walk down a few streets or hop on a tube.The check in system was meant to be automated and didn't work that way either for check in or departure and only one lift was operational when we were there.But all in all a great bargain for a reasonable hotel in a fantastic venue.	
Apr 6 2005	Find somewhere else	I've stayed at the New York CQ in mid-town a few times and it's a fine budget place to stay. The St. Paul's outpost doesn't cut it in comparison. If you can't hear you're neighbors it's because the room next door is empty. I bought ear plugs and had to use them every night--the walls are paper thin so voices travel very easily (as do your neighbors odors).I paid around GBP160 a night and while the $/pound exchange rate doesn't help U.S. visitors at the moment, even in pounds it is grossly overpriced.Find somewhere else.	
Mar 15 2005	Great hotel!	This was the first time I'd stayed at a hotel in London, and I booked it before I read the reviews on this site. Needless to say, after reading some of them, I was a little concerned about my choice! However, myself and my husband spent two nights at Club Quarters St Pauls, and we really liked it! We had no problems with noisy neighbours, found a tube station literally 2 minutes walk from the hotel, and a nice little cafe for the Full English on Saturday morning!!! All in all, a lovely little place, we would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 14 2005 	No frills no thrills	Club Quarters does what it says on the tin: provides basic, acceptable accommodation for business travellers. The rooms are not dissimilar to those in a Travelodge or similar budget hotel, although they are clean and well equipped. My stay (February 2005) was spoilt by a noisy wedding reception in the neighbouring building, but there was little the hotel could do about that.Staff are polite but disinterested. Oh, and give the restaurant a miss, the food is even more basic than the accommodation - on weekdays there are plenty better places to eat in the area, and on a Sunday, bring a takeaway with you since there is very little open in that area.	
Feb 11 2005	Good value but little else	Amazingly, I stayed here for 80 nights over the course of 2003 and 4. Eventually I saw the light and realised improved service can be found elsewhere... and now only book here as my #5 option in the City.  Good points:  1) Great location for the city. couldn't be better or handier. 2) Great price, and there's a neat 'night on the house scheme' where you can stay for free if you get a card stamped. 3) Good Gym facilities 4) Auto check in in smooth and easy 5) Percento restaurant and room service is excellent, plus some rooms have microwaves and fridges which makes for easy living  But... 1) rooms are nearly all dark witrh limited light 2) Furnishings and decor a bit dreary 3) Despite my loyalty to them, the service staff were not helpful, indeed rude, to my wife especially, when we asked to move rooms- so I almost blacklisted staying there after that. We were being a bit fussy but I had hoped for more. 4) Location is great for business, not ideal at weekends, all the shops around are closed.  If you are on a budget- its got 4* facilities at a good price, but pay a little more and have a more luxurious experience if you can.  recommended, but a qualified recommendation. 	
Feb 10 2005	Clean and cheap great for a bargain break	Booked this hotel through Expedia as part of a flight and hotel deal. Our visit was in late October 2004 and we found the room clean and could see St Paul's from our room. Extra towels, pillows etc freely available from cupboards on each floor and there is a great free ice vending area. Staff were friendly and helpful. We weren't bothered by any noise but I think it was probably half empty as it was the weekend. Few places to eat Friday, none on Saturday and Sunday but Covent Garden is only a 5 minute bus ride away! But, great location for The Tate Modern, The Globe etc. Tube station two minutes away and bus stops right outside. We'd definitely stay here again. 	
Jan 15 2005	Do not be tempted by the low price tag	This is a low cost, no-frills knocking shop. Ideal if you need somewhere cheap to satisfy an urge, but if you are expecting a good night's sleep, expect to be kept awake all night by the grunting, moaning and pounding of your neighbours enjoying each other. This is fine if you have company and can give them some competition, but I would imagine that spending a night alone trying to sleep in this place would be pretty awful. Know what to expect - in short, a great budget knocking shop, but don't expect to sleep.	
Jan 7 2005	5* price for 1* room	I stayed during Christmas time , the first week of December and booked through the US. I was not told that the 129 quoted price was in pounds so I thought at 129 I was getting a bargain at US$. The walls are paper thin, and Friday night my neighbors decided to have &quot;fun&quot; and I felt like I was in their room. Every morning during the week the gentleman in the next room was on the phone from 5am to 7am and again, after being woke by him, I heard every word. For the money I paid, I could have stayed at a lovely hotel in a neighborhood with more entertainment and dining options. Even if staying for business there is not much in the area as to eating options. You really have to take the tube to another area of the city to have a nice dinner. The staff was there to answer questions but not ready to go out of there way as I found out when I asked about a cab for going to the theater and was told to go outside and try to get one. The cabs are usually filled as people going to and from the city speed by and Ludgate Hill is not a street where cabs can stop and wait in front of the hotel. Overall I have stayed in much better for the money and would not recommend it.	
Dec 13 2004	Not too impressed	We Stayed at this hotel on a theatre weekend in London.We were a bit disappointed that there is not really a proper lounge and bar, only an Italian restaurant place where you feel obliged to eat as well, and lager is the only beer available.We had no tea bags or milk in our room, and despite visiting reception to ask for some none were forthcoming. There was also no kettle and I was forced to boil the water in the microwave oven!The walls in this hotel seem to be paper thin, and we were kept awake until 2.00 in the morning by people banging about in the adjacent rooms.In conclusion this is not a hotel we would consider staying at again.	
Nov 17 2004	No-Frills Business Hotel	Let's face it. During the week, the majority of the clientele of Club Quarters are employees from the various city firms dotted around in the City of London. I bumped into several of my colleagues at check-in and in the lift. This, and the fact that there is, instead of a hotel bar, a &quot;club room&quot; with armchairs, help-yourself tea and coffee trays, TVs, computers (from which you can access the internet for free), made CQ feel very homely, albeit slightly like some kind of upmarket YMCA.Checkin and check-out were amazingly swift (Do It Yourself: stick your credit card into a machine on the wall, and it spits out your room keycard. The whole check-in took 20 seconds. No forms to fill in, nothing to sign, no passport to show. To check out, stick your credit card in the machine again, and the machine prints out your bill.). Reception staff are present and available for questions, problems, trouble-shooting etc, and are all very pleasant.Room decor was certainly not innovative, but plain and practical. Main thing was it was spacious, with an also spacious desk, a large TV, and a walk in shower (no bath). There was a fridge and microwave - handy if you want to bring your own food.Location is fairly good: on the doorstep of St Paul's and the new Paternoster Square, very close to Fleet Street, not far from Museum of London and, of course, right at the edge of the City. West End is 10 mins away by bus - and buses do go there (as well as to Waterloo) frequently (bus stop more or less by hotel entrance).I would not fancy staying there at the weekend (when everything is closed), but on weekdays, and because this is so close to my company's London office (5 mins walk) and within our company's budget (my double room was £97 ex VAT), this is just fine. Other reviews have complained about the thin walls but I did not hear any noise at all, although the rooms on either side of mine were indeed occupied. My only niggle: the fact there were no quilts on the bed, but old-fashioned blankets.	
Sep 14 2004	Great Hotel on the Weekend	We stayed at the Club Quarters in early September. The weekend was great...clean rooms, quiet, free internet access, and laundry facility. The hotel was pretty quiet, but the one night we did have neighbors you could hear them in the morning. My only suggestion is to go find food in another part of town on Sunday nights...everything nearby is closed!	
Jul 16 2004	Bring your earplugs!	OK for business but the sound proofing is nonexistent. You can hear every word being spoken in the room next door. I would recommend looking for something else...	
Jul 4 2004 	Do not go there	Walls are like paper, every single noise can be heard on either side, staff rude and impersonal. Long stay guest at this hotel for a number of weeks and will not be going back there. Food very basic. Rooms like 80s time warp	
Jun 14 2004	Basic but nice few places to eat!		
Apr 26 2004	Great Place 		
Mar 8 2004 	Good value but some problems		
Feb 20 2004	Club Quarters = Clean Quarters at a Nice Price		
Feb 18 2004	Appalling!		
Feb 10 2004	Good hotel in a good location		
Jan 5 2004	Good Location Price Amenities		
Nov 29 2003	Great stay at Club Quarters St. Pauls		
Nov 11 2003	Good Bargain		
Nov 25 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Oct 13 2009 	super - werden wieder hingehen		
Oct 7 2009 	genial		
Sep 26 2009 	Une belle découverte !		
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent très bien placé		
Aug 20 2009	club quarters st paul londres		
Aug 13 2009 	Un asco		
Jun 29 2009 	Bella camera ottima posizione		
May 21 2009 	Ottima Posizione		
May 6 2009 	Bonne adresse centrale dans Londres		
May 3 2009 	Una gran opción para pasar unos días en Londres		
Apr 28 2009 	Buena localización		
Apr 26 2009 	Très bien		
Apr 11 2009	Gute Lage schlechter Service		
Mar 31 2009	Tolles Hotel für Städtetrip! Gerne wieder...		
Feb 8 2009 	Belle infrastructure mais service mitigé		
Jan 20 2009 	Ottimo hotel di classe		
Dec 16 2008 	De lo mejor que he usado en londres.		
Dec 4 2008 	Hôtel irréprochable		
Nov 5 2008	Très pratique		
Nov 1 2008	Hotel élégant !		
Jun 19 2008 	Fantástico!!!		
Jun 19 2008 	Sicuramente sopra la media londinese		
May 5 2008 	Excellent séjour		
Apr 20 2008 	Très bonne adresse on y retournera!"		
Apr 12 2008 	Hotel da consigliare		
Jan 23 2008 	Ottimo!		
Jul 26 2007 	Buono		
