	RUDE STAFF REPULSIVE ROOM. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. WORSE THAN A HOSTEL	This hotel has the rudest person in a customer service based job that I have ever had the misfortune to encounter. She lied, she accused me of lying, she was obnoxious and completely incapable of working in a hotel reception. No people skills and quite clearly no ability to deal with a genuine complaint. In our brief time at the hotel I hoverheard 4 seperate people making complaints about the facilities.We had booked 3 double rooms for a family break, as we were travelling seperately the others in the party arrived before my partner and I and had booked in. When we arrived we were told by the 'receptionist' that they did not have any double rooms left and that we would be in a tripple, she said that if we came down before 12pm the follwing day we could change our room to a double, we reluctantly accepted this, and made our way to the tripple room. The room was not what we would have expected from a travelodge (see photos). The bathroom was dirty and had dirty towels that had not been removed, there was a hole in the bathrooms door, the grout around the bath and sink was grubby, there was dry rot in the skirting and a disgusting brown build up of something unidentified around the join between the toilet and tiles, we had no soap, the plastic disposable cups had clearly been used by the guests before us (toothpaste stains etc) The dressing table/desk had no chair, there were what looked like brown liquid stains all over the walls from top to bottom (god knows what happened in that room?!?!) there were what looked like either vomit or hot chocolate stains down the side of the tv unit and finaly there was mould around the window. DISGUSTING. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. THE PHOTOS POSTED BY OTHER REVIEWERS ARE NOT REPRESENTATIVE OF ALL THE ROOMS IN THE HOTEL. ONLY SOME OF THE FLOORS HAVE RENOVATED ROOMS.As suggested the night before we went to reception to ask for our room to be changed, The receptionsist (a different one) said that this was fine and told us to pack our bags in preparation for the move. We were told to come back in the afternoon and our double room would be ready. When we returned the original rude receptionist was back on duty- to cut a very long story short - our double room was not available, she denied that the person we spoke to in the morning even existed, then when countered about it she said the woman didn't work there!!!! She denied that she had told us when we checked in that we could swap rooms, and basically accused me of lying and making it all up. The hotel was overbooked so our option was to stay in the room we had or to find another hotel. It appeared to be ok for the hotel to give someone else the double room we had booked and paid for before arrival but she refised point blank to give us a double room that someone else had not yet booked into even although it meant splitting up a party of 6 . In the end two of us had to move to another hotel. She arranged for us to be picked up by taxi and moved to another travelodge. As it turned out the taxi was unmarked and the driver dropped us off 10mins away from the travelodge. We had no idea where we were going and had to hail a black cab to take us there. When we got to the second hotel they had no record of us being moved! We had to wait an hour before the deputy manager was able to give us a room. He had to sort out the mess. I am not fussy, I expect a room of the standard that is being paid for, we paid £59 per night (room only), cheap by London standards. I was not expecting a palace but I was expecting to get a double room, get a clean room and have staff treat me with a bit of respect and dignity as a paying customer.	
Nov 23 2009	Good choice for those on a tight budget	Staying at this hotel is cheap and allows you to eat breakfast without using money outside, a definite plus for those who want to minimize spending. Breakfast consists of typical English food with the likes of baked beans, scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, etc. The room was adequately spacious and contains a wardrobe, desk + chair, large mirror and a television; towels are provided in the bathroom and can be changed daily / every 2 days depending on personal choice. My only complaint is that the window (which you slide upwards to open) kept sliding closed on its own due to gravity. In the end I had to slot a bottle underneath to keep the fresh air circulating in - but otherwise, my stay at this hotel was good, not to mention the close proximity to King's Cross St Pancras Station!	
Nov 19 2009 	2 nights without any sleep	The single beds in this place are no wider than 2 and a 1/2 foot, the mattress is made out of, what felt like, 3 blankets layered on top of each other. The staff are pathetic, they didnt have a clue about anything. The noise from outside traffic was unbearable too. They charge £1.00 for 20 minutes of internet. Rip off. The bathroom was built for the Hobbits, come to think about it, so was the bloody bed. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.	
Nov 17 2009 	Fine with us	Stayed at the Royal Scot between 13 - 15 November and thought it was ok. Only paid £100 for 2 nights accommodation and return train from Aberdeen so was not expecting anything spectacular. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from Kings Cross station/tube so was ideal. Our room was rather small but was ok for the 2 nights we stayed as we were too busy during the day to be in the hotel. Could have been given more towels but we just took some from the cart in the morning. Hotel has internet access but no printers i'm afraid. Didnt eat in the restaurant as wanted to try out the restaurants in the city but there seemed to be a good choice (whether it was nice was another question). Dont worry about being cold in your room, the windows dont open so we were very cosy!!! Would go back again for cheapness.	
Nov 12 2009 	Not as bad as I expected Clean and warm.	I stayed at this hotel when visiting the city for two nights ((9th-11th November 2009). I was pretty concerned from the reports that I had read about the hotel as I would be travelling alone. But as I wasnt planning on spending too much time in the hotel I thought I would give it a go. I was given room 4 which was actually a disabled room on the ground floor. It was situated right behind the lifts and overlooked the main road. Surprisingly there was no noise from the lift or the road, it was the idiots that were shouting by the lifts that woke me up on several occasions (4am was one delightful wake up call). The room was a little grubby in parts and could do with some updating but no worse that any other travelodge or city hotel that I stayed in. One point I should mention is that I found the room to be incrediably hot and the heating gauge that was in the room was too complicated to work. Towels and linen were very clean and I have no complaints about the staff, who although direct were polite and helpful whenever encountered. The location of the hotel is also good, around 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross station. The area immediately around the hotel may cause you concern as there are some `interest` shops, take away, cafe, etc around. My friend who lived in the area whilst as Uni assured me that the area was safe enough by London's standards. All in all, I thought that hotel had previously recieved some bad feedback that may not be completely warrented. I would be happy enough to stay here again. Like others have said, you get what you pay for.	
Nov 10 2009 	Basic but clean	It was a last minute decision to book 2 nights stay in Travelodge Kings Cross..we preferred the other one that's nearer to the train station but it was full so we settled for this one located slightly further down the street. It's a budget hotel, so nothing much was expected. I don't particularly like the lifts, it's so small and old! Room is fine, clean, with tea/coffee tea amenties, towels and soap. One thing was I was impressed was on our 2nd day back in the afternoon, our room was all clean and made up. I don't really expect that from a budget lodge. It takes a good 10-15mins walk to the train station and I won't advise travelers to take the train if you plan to go out till late at night and have to walk back to the hotel. Take the cab :) which we did after a great night out in town, much safer especially for girls as it's quite a quiet area to walk back from the train station. The view from our room was pathetic, we see the back of the buildings with rubbish piled up high. And it was really noisy due to some work going on that woke us up by 7-8am. Although I'd say if you're on a budget but wants a decent place to sleep and take shower in, this will be it. No frills, but good enough since you'll be out most of the time anyway. Staffs aren't that friendly though, rarely see any of them smiling, they're robotic. No complains, but no huge compliments for this hotel either.	
Nov 2 2009 	cheap and cheerful	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel from 30th October-1st November and I was expecting something really terrible, there are some reviews on here which paint this place as being a dump. I was pleasantly surprised; our room was clean and the bed was really comfy. There was also a TV which had a music channel so we could put some tunes on whilst we were getting ready. The best part was being so close to the tube, the hotel is 10mins away from Kings Cross station.The room had air con and a heater, so it was never too cold or too hot. The bathroom was basic- but at least it was clean, that's the main thing! The shower was nice and hot, but I must admit was ABSOLUTELY FREEZING on Saturday morning (get up early before all the guests have used the hot water!) I came out with blue fingernails because I was that cold! Least it woke me up though!We had (mainly) peaceful nights sleep, but you can hear a lot of police sirens and fire engine sirens in the night, but that is expected in a city as big and as busy as London. No traffic noise either, surprisingly the road outside of the hotel is relatively quiet.The shower in the room next to us made an awful noise whilst it was on, sounded like a dying dog- so were woke up early on the mornings when the people next door were showering. The view wasn't very scenic either, looked out onto the yard full of overflowing bins- but that doesn't really matter when you've come to London to go sight-seeing!The staff were helpful enough, but a lot of them don't speak English very well.The only criticism I have of this hotel is that we had to pay £10 to get into our room before 2 oclock when we arrived on the Friday (when we were told the room would be ready). I think this is disgraceful, if the room is ready for use before then why should you have to pay extra?!?We paid £102 each for return train tickets and 2 nights stay in the hotel, and it is absolutely worth it. The hotel (from my experience), is basic, clean, secure and warm- which is all you need if you're only using the room to sleep and shower. Will definately be going back!	
Oct 19 2009 	No so bad as axpected	Stayed at this hotel 15/10-18/10 2009. Reception was OK. The room was large, clean, bathroom OK. Streetnoise was loud, but that you must expect in a big city. No noise from other guests. Not the worst place to stay - but the breakfast was a mess. At some times guest was standing in a long queue just to enter the restaurant. Then another queue for coffee, for toast, for juice. But with a bit of patience you could get something to eat. if you don´t want to spend much time or money on the hotel, this place is OK.	
Oct 17 2009 	Basic but clean	Stayed at the Travel Lodge Royal Scots on the 9th October for 2 nights with my husband, brother and sister-in-law.... Hotel is not the best looking Hotel and looks rather dingy..a bit grubby in the lobby and not very well lit. Check in was quick and after being directed to our rooms we went for the lift ( no stairs) 2 lifts ( 3rd one out of order)that need to be up dated our room was on the 2nd floor but after getting out of the lift and following directions we ended up in what only can be described as the basement.... however even though on street level there was no noise. The bedroom was small, but the bed and bedding were spotless the bathroom was in need of up dating even a bit of grout in the tiles would of made a difference on the whole not a bad place to stay, would stay again..... its not 3* as described for value its o.k ...easy to get to the tube and taxi's are just as cheap to travel by , the tube to the west end would cost 4 of us £16 it only cost us £8 in a taxi....	
Oct 16 2009 	Basic but OK	Styed for one night with a friend who arrived at King's Cross station. Close to the station, so easy enough for getting the tube into town, room was OK if basic but clean. Didn't have breakfast there - can highly recommend the Guzel cafe on Gray'ss Inn Road towards King's Cross station though.	
Oct 15 2009 	OK Budget Hotel - Forget The Breakfast!	I booked this hotel via the Asda Travel web site as it was cheaper than Travelodge's own site &amp; included a 'Full English Breakfast' which Travelodge charge £7.50 extra for. The hotel reception area has more of hostel feel about it than hotel. It is a good 10 minute walk from King Cross Tube &amp; the surrounding area is rather run down. The public areas are well worn &amp; quite scruffy. Filled with doom &amp; convinced I'd made a mistake I was pleasantly surprised with my room. It was clean, comfortable &amp; well presented. Everything worked (TV, Kettle etc...). The bathroom was clean &amp; had a good shower &amp; plenty of towels were provided. The double bed was comfortable, the linen clean &amp; there were extra pillows available. I was very pleased with myself - all for £57.50 (via Asda Travel) including 'Full English Breakfast'. What really let this place down was however the breakfast. There was no coffee in the self serve machines. The buffet style breakfast had no egg or sausage left &amp; the platter of bacon could only be described as a congealed mass of grey fatty meat - no wonder it remained untouched! It is a real shame that Travelodge lets themselves down in this way - a lick of paint &amp; tidy up in the public areas &amp; the so called 'full' breakfast sorted &amp; this would be a great hotel. There is a nice looking Italian restaurant very close as well as Mekong Chinese take away who do dinner boxes for under £4 which is great for solo travelers...	
Oct 13 2009 	Worst hotel ever- avoid at all costs	The hotel is basic in the extreme (primitive actually), rooms are grubby, breakfast room on the first floor has to be seen to be believed - total shambles. The night we stayed the hotel was over run with Spanish students running all over and slamming doors till about 5am. If you value a wink of sleep at all, do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else. Total disgrace.	
Oct 10 2009 	Revolting	Title says it all, do not stay here! Dirty, smelly and staff couldn't care less.	
Oct 9 2009	Wont be back - poor hotel!	Went with a group of friends, shared a room with my husband. The rooms are not cleaned, bathroom was dirty and not cleaned, was given dirty bath towels covered in blood - yeuck!!!! Bedroom window did not open, so had no fresh air and room was very smelly, also mattresses on beds were the worst ive ever slept on. Breakfast was £7.50 EACH and was cold buffett style stuff thats been sitting out for agaes. Toilets at reception were also horrific and covered in sh!t. Only good thing about this hotel was the location, but id rather pay more for a cleaner hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good enough for me.	I was in London with my class from Norway. We were all together 28 people. The location of this hotel suited us well, considering that we were always going somewhere. Having Kings Cross/ St. Pancras so near was also convenient while coming with Eurostar from Paris. The hotel was also close to small supermarkets and pubs. Near Kings Cross we were able to find Starbucks and KFC.The staff at the hotel were a bit mixed. You had the receptionist who wanted to help you, but didn't know much, so you'd end up finding it out on your own. And the breakfast ladies were a bit &quot;sharp edged.&quot; You didn't want to make them angry, then there would be no breakfast for you. We had ordered a continental breakfast. So we were not expecting too much. There was bread and a toaster, jam, coffee, tea. And some cereal if I can remember correctly.The rooms were OK. I could only find two negative things about it. In my friends room the window was open when they came, and they were not able to move it one millimeter. It was stuck, so their room was pretty cold. The second thing was that we could hear this screaming noise every time we opened the water tap. It was a bit annoying, but it made us have quicker showers, so maybe it was a trick from the hotels side:) I could hear what was going on outside my room, in the hallway. But I guess I shouldn't say so much about it, considering it was my classmates that mostly were making the noise. You could always ask for a quiet room, and I am sure the receptionist can put you in a room far away from big groups.All in all I was happy with the hotel. We had to use our card keys to get to the elevators, that led to the room, but that only made me feel a bit safer. I would not mind staying there again if I go to London on a later occasion.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable and clean for a one night stay	We stayed at the Royal Scot for one night before going on holiday. It was only a five minute walk from Kings Cross, the room was very clean and warm and I couldn't fault it for a one night stay. It certainly appealed more than some of the one or two star options that seemed to be available in the area.The down side was it was incredibly expensive (but everywhere is in that area) and there was a bit of noise from people's doors banging shut.	
Oct 6 2009	GOOD	Considering a good price, I think this hotel was very good. The rooms were totally fine. Clean and simple. With a location not far away from Kings Cross, it’s pretty easy to get wherever you want. The hotel offers internet for 20 minutes for only one pound. And the guests could stay in the restaurant, even without buying anything. The service was good, with a pleasant staff. Therefore I would like to recommend this hotel for those who doesn’t need a luxury hotel, but a nice hotel at a decent price.	
Oct 6 2009	A great budget hotel	My classmates from Norway and I spent three nights at Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot in London. It turned out that the hotel was much better then I first thought. It was very accesible, with only a few minutes walking to the nearest metro station. The prices at the hotel was affordable, we did not pay much for three nights. The staff was kind and helpful. Even tough the rooms were small, I think they were very cosy .I got a good impression of this hotel. Also, we could use the restaurant at the hotel as we liked, without having to buy food. We sat there and played cards and talked for several hours. I think that Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot is a really great budget hotel!	
Oct 6 2009	Good choice if you travel on a budget	I stayed here for three nights, and I’m not disappointed with my choice of hotel. I arrived with Eurostar from Paris, and I could easily walk from the station to the hotel (it took probably around 10 minutes with suitcases). The staff was friendly and helpful, and the room was nice and clean. The beds were comfy, and the bathroom was good. Not the largest amounts of space, but you get what you pay for. During the day and evening, I usually went out, so can’t say anything in particular about the hotel during daytime. I ate dinner in the restaurant one night, and the food was affordable and tasted quite good. The breakfast, as all the other breakfast I’ve experienced in London, were poor. I will recommend you to pay for full breakfast, because continental breakfasts consist only of toast and jam.	
Oct 6 2009	Three nights in London	A big hotel with lots of space. Help full staff and a nice restaurant / bar. Cleaning of the rooms was very. The breakfast was simple, with toast and strawberry. We got what we paid for. Location is not so close to the city of London, but metro, buses and taxi will get you where you want in no time! If you want to stay at a fine hotel, this should be one of your alternatives.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed in this hotel from the 26th-29th September 09' I slept soundly (no alcohol) and did not experience any of the 'noises' that the previous reviewer mentioned. I had looked at Tripadvisor before leaving home and was a bit anxious reading all the negative reviews, however, we can only report good things about this hotel - check-in was excellent, staff were friendly, the rooms (although the decor was a bit poor )were clean and comfortable. I would book this hotel again and recommend it to others.	
Sep 28 2009 	Drink heavily to ensure abilityto sleep	I paid £50 for a friday night. Location brilliant for St. Pancreas. Pretty standard Hotel and rooms for a middle of the range Travelodge. Sadly I got absolutely no sleep due to street noise (inner windows did very little if nothing to quieten noise) and banging of doors above, below and surrounding rooms were akin to gunshots going off. I'm not someone who complains about noise as this was London on a Friday night so people are always going to be noisy but this hotel was the least relaxing night i've had ina long time. I got more sleep on the Eurostar the next day.I recommend this if you are one of the people who will be out late and just need a flat pace to pass out on. if you are in danger of being sober then please avoid this hotel	
Sep 28 2009 	Good location ok acommodation.	Not as bad as some of the reviews suggest, location good as Kings cross is a main Tube station. Maybe not up to the standard of regular travelodges. Room well serviced.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good value under £19 a night offers sometimes get!	I treated my friend to a one night stay here last weekend - managed to get room for £19 under one of there special offers. Great location as only 10minutes walk from St Pancras/Kings Cross Station. Went out for my friends birthday, and was ideal to just have centrally located hotel to come back to.Hotel is nothing flash but most travellers to London will spend more time out of there room than in, so therefore this makes the place ideal.Would recommend for one or two nights central London stay.	
Sep 10 2009 	Standard hotel convenient for Eurostar terminal	I seldom stay in hotels in the UK so I had little idea of what to expect from Travelodge when I needed, close to St Pancras International rail station, a reasonably priced hotel to lay my head before getting up at 04.00 for the first Eurostar to Paris.I was not disappointed by the Travelodge Royal Scot. It is a 10 minutes brisk wall southeast from Kings Cross station in a reasonably good, well-lit area. As other reviewers have said, it is a solid block, operating a production-line approach to check in.I stayed Tuesday night 8 September and prepaid £87 without breakfast. At the time of booking, their website said they were almost full. On arrival it felt like it!My room 2010 was downstairs off a side corridor from 2nd floor, and not that easy to find. It was compact, with a double bed, desk and chair. It had a kettle though I did not use it. The TV was the old bulky sortI did not find either a telephone or any alarm on the TV. So I relied on my mobile phone's alarm. The bathroom and toilet had a shower over the bath. I had not seen this design before and without a degree in sanitary equipment, I had great difficulty in working out how to direct water to the showerhead rather than bath tap.I did not have breakfast or use any of the services. The guests were a wide cross section from workmen to city types in suits.If I have another crack-of-dawn start on Eurostar I would stay again, but this most definitely is not an hotel in a tourist scenic spot!	
Sep 3 2009 	GREAT VALUE FOR LONDON	Just had three great nights in london in the travelodge.Like any travelodge the royal scot is basic clean,great location only 10mins walk from kings cross and if you book early you can get some great deals.When in london we spend all day and most of the night out so we dont need top of the range hotels.We also took aday return to paris on the euro star as again the travelodge great location.The royal scot as a resturant so do cooked breakfast buffey style which is just ok and if you are up early they will give you a pack up but not bad value.It also does basic meals as well,but there is alot takeaways just outside and small shops.We found the reception very helpful and frendly.We would use the royal scot again for good value.	
Aug 27 2009 	great room good price ideal base for london looking....	after reading the reviews i was concerned, but as we walked the ten mins from kings cross station and checked into our family room 331 which over looked a lovely little park called percy cross.... my concerns faded away.. the room had two lovely big windows, and was clean the bathroom was small but compact!.nice to have tea and coffee in the room.. i have never stayed this side of london and there wasnt much around, a nice italian restaurant was 2 mins walk away and ten mins walk in the opposite direction were several restaurants where you could eat outside, which was so nice, to do in london (the indian was excellent. )..breakfast was ok!...but they had no delivery of eggs two days running... but still charged the 7.50!.. ( children go free...). i would stay in this hotel again.....	
Aug 21 2009 	Wasnt too bad if your on a budget as a base to see London	Hotel - Old and a bit gloomy - rooms could do with a coat of paint. There was no air conditioning and windows were fixed so couldnt be opened any further. Rooms were of a reasonable size and on suite was fine. Rooms were cleaned daily. The doors seemed to be on springs and slammed loudly when shut making it pretty noisy. Lifts worked on and off ! Its just up the road from Kings Cross so a good location for the station and travelling round London.Staff were all very pleasant and helpful.All in all you get what you pay for would reccomend as a reasonable budget hotel in quite a good location to see London.Food wasnt very nice though, only ate there one night for convenience, breakfast was ok but a bit crowded.	
Aug 15 2009	Not a good advert for travelodge	I phoned travelodge to book a cheap overnight stay whilst visiting London to see Oliver in the West End. The location of the hotel suited our needs well as it was only a 20 minute walk to the theatre and as we were watching the midday performance we felt it was easy to walk there and back. The room was disappointing as I have stayed in Travelodge's before and always been satisfied. As mentioned most of the staff were foreign and this gave the impression of rudeness due to the lack of understanding. Our room was very cramped and the twin beds might as well have been a double as the beds were so close together. My bed felt like it was going to collapse each time I rolled over. The day we stayed was a hot day and the ventillation in the room was awful due to the fact that the window would only open about 2 inches. The worst was the doors to the rooms as you had to slam them to shut them, even if you tried to shut them quietly they banged. I was kept awake for a lot of the night by the doors banging in the corridor and the air conditioning unit for the cafe/bar.I'd recommend this to someone who wanted to have a cheap stay in London with a good location but would warn them not to expect much. Be warned that the hotel is just inside the congestion charging zone and to use the hotels, small dingy carpark you have to drive about 3 metres into the zone which means you have to pay the charge or be stumped with a heavy fine.	
Aug 6 2009 	CHEAP AND CHEERFUL AND HOSTEL LIKE	As above really. This certainly isn't for the romantics out there, but if you want somewhere to sleep(just) then I suppose it would do. We asked for a quite room approx 3 weeks before arrival so that probably helped but it was still less than peaceful but adequate. A/C was efficient in room, although it took us ages to find our room as directions on walls are limited. Lift area stiffling.Decor tired but the reception staff were very good. Continental brekkie typically basic and you have to be up with the larks to get it as it stopped at 9 instead of 10 as stated.Good location but try not to pay full asking price as you will be dissapointed-book in advance and you shouldn't have any probs - YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR	
Aug 3 2009 	Needs a good clean!	I stayed at the Royal Scot a couple of years ago, whereby I got a deal for £29 a night and it was fabulous. Clean, basic, fresh rooms, but 2 years on ....My motto is &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;.... well I certainly did this time. I paid £34 for a twin room (which I got) for an overnight stay en-route to Belgium, near St Pancras Station.The bed was comfy, the linen clean, and the towels, but the carpet needed a good hoover, some kid had black hands and put hand prints on the walls near the tv. The tv did not work, did not even switch on. The skirting boards were 2 inch thick in dust, they had not seen a clean in months. The bathroom just passed for cleanliness.Disappointed. I use Travelodges alot and will not use this one again in London. Should have stopped at the Premier Inn just over the road from Kings Cross, that had good reviews and would have been worth the extra £30 or so quid to 'kip in a clean room'.Most disappointed!	
Jul 28 2009 	One of the worst hotels i have ever stayed in	We have stayed in many Travelodges over the years and have come to expect clean, basic, comfortable rooms. What we got here was dirty, cramped and noisy. Broken furniture, dust everywhere, mould and a cracked washbasin in bathroom, towels like sandpaper, damp patches on the walls, windows that did not close properly, no bedside tables and single beds so narrow you fell out if you turned over (we had booked a double room!). Would not have stayed if we had booked for more than one night.	
Jul 28 2009 	cheap and cheerful	I have stayed at this hotel before and picked it again due to its location and price. Yes it is an old hotel and the decor is a bit worn but for £69 per night for a twin room in central London I can put up with that. Can be a bit busy when the tourist buses arrive and I found it funny that the foreign travellers tried to get into the lift on the ground floor before letting myself and my son out of the lift first! Manners cost nothing. Good food in the restaurant and reasonably priced for London although it doesnt open til 5pm. Same goes for the bar. Breakfast time can get a bit chaotic with the tour people and if you dont want to pay the £7.50 there are plenty of good cafes within walking distance that are cheaper.Bedrooms are compact but big enough for the amount of time we spent in it. Beds are comfortable and the linen very clean. Bathroom is small but who wants to dance in it.Hotel staff are very friendly and polite and overworked.The only down side is the noise from guests slamming their doors late at night and early in the morning. I read that other guests said you had to slam the door to ensure that it closed. I found that I could close it normally without slamming and it locked ok.Would definately stay here again. Kings Cross Station is a 5 minute walk away	
Jul 26 2009 	Tired old hotel with a second wind as a travelodge	We used the summer sale offer to book in here for just £9 a night, and then you look at the reviews and think ahhhhh.... such a mixed bag. To be honest, for the rate we paid the hotel was fine and no complaints, but if I had paid a higher rate then I might not be as happy. The hotel is a farm thistle hotel and it has in all fairness seen better days. Whilst clean and tidy it needs some tender loving care and a fair few quid spent on it. Our room needed a good lick of pint and the furntiure needed to be repaired. The wardbrobe back was missing and the draws in the desk broken. we appeared to be missing a chair and a bin too, but again for £9 it was clean and tidy and had a soft bed and good sized bath room. No air con added to windows that tethered shut apart from the top inch meant it got quite warm in the room. No phone but a TV included some freeview channels. The previous hotel chain phone sockets etc were still about. The room had heating, well two boxes on a wall, one old on new.Check in staff were efficient but perhaps not of the smiley kind but this didnt effect the overall appearance. There is a bar and a small cafe room which doubles as trhe breakfast room which always seemed busy. To be honest we walked down to kings cross and used the coffee shops down there. Would i go back again? Well yes if it were £9 but if i had paid any more then I might not hjave been as positive. Backpackers or thew yound may well love the cheapness.	
Jul 26 2009 	great location basic but clean hotel	not as bad as other reviews would have you believe.Yes it's old and basic but the rooms are clean with comfy beds, tea and coffee making facilities, small but clean en suite with very powerful shower.10 min walk to Kings Cross, St Pancras stations, so location is execllent.Cheap and basic but you definately get your moneys worth.	
Jul 25 2009 	great value for money esp for central london	great location 10-15min walk to kings cross station, clean, spacious rooms, friendly staff. TV with remote control. Extra tea/coffee and towels available on request.I stayed over with my sisters we all enjoyed our stay with travelodge and would come again.negatives can only check in after 3pm and no storage room available, so unless you are travelling light it might become troublesome.Would I have stay here again-- Yes	
Jul 16 2009 	Dreadful	An awful rundown property in an unattractive area close to Kings cross. This is a blatant example of budget chains using the &quot;no frills&quot; excuse for shoddy housekeeping and a complete lack of renovation. From unsmiling reception staff to ancient beds, dirty carpets and decade old paint jobs, no TV remote, no tea and coffee in the room, bathroom furniture literally falling of the wall and smelly curtains, this is an awful hotel. If you wnat this standard then stay at a backpackers hostel for half the price. If you want budget and quality, pay a little more and stay at the hotels of this chains close competitor. Disgusting&gt;	
Jul 13 2009 	I'll be back	Despite reading some off the reviews on here prior to travelling i arrived with an open mind and can say that i was not disappointed at all Firstly - Value for money.We booked 2 nights (sat/sun) and paid on only £87 between two of us which for central London i thought was very reasonable although breakfast wasnt included we did have breakfast in the hotel in Sunday (£7.50) which was adequate and seen us through to lunch.Secondly - Location We booked this hotel in the first instance because of its location, closeness to the tube and local buses into central london, This hotel is litterally 5-10 minutes walk from Kings Cross / St Pancras Int, and there buses into central London from outside Kings Cross every 2-3 minutes during the day and many night buses also serve the area so public transport access is excellent 24/7, The hotel is also with walking distannce of central London we walked to Tottenham Court Road in around 45-50 minutes.Third - The Hotel GenerallyThe hotel I though was excellent although the only negative point is that some areas could do with a lick of paint, but otherwise everything was brilliant. As a previous review has stated this hotel is used by quite alot of tours so some times the reception / bar area can feel crowded but generally this is sorted as quickly as possible.The staff were all extremely helpful and couldnt do enough to ensure we had a pleasant stay, The hotel also has a strict no smoking policy (in line with the ban on smoking in public places) and this is rigurously enforced by staff with a fine of £150 for anyone caught smoking in their room.The room we booked was described as twin and was adequate although the bathroom was tad on the small side but we were only using the place as a base and somewhere to sleep. The hotel bar is open from 5pm till 1am daily food served till 10pm and for central London was quite reasonbly priced, although there are many bars and fast food outlets around the hotel.All things considered I would definatley recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a central London base for their stay in the capital.Two Top Tips1) book as early as possible to get the best deals our stay was £55 for the Sat night and only £32 for the Sun night so bargains are there to be had.2) if your travelling round London, consider getting an Oyster card from Transport for London which gives discounted tube travel, or simply get a travel card as these can be considerably cheaper than paying for seperate journeys (cash fare between two zone 1 stations cost £4.00 single, but only £1.60 with an oyster card, and a zone 1-2 travel card cost £7.20 making oyster cards or travel cards much cheaper for multiplr trips in anyone day.	
Jul 6 2009 	Not what you would expect from travelodge	Have used Travelodge many times before but this one the worst.Reception staff friendly and reception area clean enough, the room though needed an overhaul, bathroom terrible, mould in the bathroom &amp; not really as clean as it should have been, a broken bed. room previously used by a smoker although it was non smoking- the smell remained. - dismal room really. Corridors dark &amp; dismal and need a good vacuuming. I couldn't really recommend this one.	
Jun 27 2009 	IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP AND DONT WANT TO PAY EXTRA ON ARRIVAL THEN AVOID AT ALL COSTS.....	I booked this hotel as my husband and I had an early Eurostar train to catch the next day. We arrived at 1pm with our heavy backpacks hoping out room would be ready (it was a business day - usually people check out early so rooms would be available). We were told that we would need to pay £10 more to check in 2 hours early. The room was sitting waiting and we have to pay extra? (That option was not there when we booked the room months ago!). There was nowhere to leave luggage so, as we refused to pay, we had to take them with us. (BTW Kings Cross charge £8 per item so if they point you in that direction I wouldn't bother). We arrived back later having done what we needed to in the day and checked in. We asked for a quiet room so were given one facing the back street. It was noisy but with the windows closed it was ok to sleep, just with no air con it was very, very hot! The bed seemed comfortable and pillows ok. Ensuite you could barely stand in they are so tiny. Shower was ok and powerful enough. We had to be up at 6 so we tried to have an early night and were suprised that the hotel seemed quiet at 11 at night.....we thought we were going to be lucky. But no, come midnight the loud party-goers returned to the hotel (bearing in mind we stayed on a Tuesday night we were not expecting much loud behaviour!). Instead of returning quietly and going to their rooms, they were talking loudly, and shouting down the hallways and slamming their doors. This continued as each room returned until gone 3 in the morning - that was 3 hours lost sleep. The walls to the room seem paper-thin also. I could hear people talking in their rooms who were two rooms away! I could also hear the people in the next room (who seemed to be quiet and like us trying to get rest) use the toilet.... lovely! We finally got some sleep and were woken up at 5.30 with the first person leaving - and slamming their doors (probably in protest of the inconsidereate people who returned late and made as much noise as they could). The location is fine, 5-10 mins walk from Kings Cross - though the street is absolutely fine in the day - not sure I would want to walk it in the dark evenings in winter.... All in all, I would spend a little more and stay somewhere nicer. Book early and get a decent hotel if you need to rest as its a complete waste of money staying here..... not to mention stressful!	
Jun 26 2009 	Beware hidden charges	This was the only hotel I could get in this area for less than £100 a night which was pretty much my budget for a one-night stay. I arrived initially at the hotel in between meetings and was told you can't check in until 3pm otherwise you have to pay an additional £10. I didn't really want to pay any more - not sure why, when your room is ready you can't just check-in. There was also no space to leave luggage at reception so had to lug it all around with me to my meetings all afternoon until I could go back. When I did eventually check-in the reception staff were quick, efficient, friendly and helpful which did calm my mood slightly! My room faced over the back of the hotel which overlooked other guest rooms. There are no privacy curtains so you have to hide in your room to get changed or get dressed in the dark (you could of course turn the lights on and shut the curtains but pretty sad on a bright sunny day!) The room was clean and tidy and a good size, however the bed was shocking!!! It was so soft, it felt like it collapsed beneath me when I sat down, and I'm only 9st! Not a very good night's sleep. Also, be careful when leaving your room - as other reviewers have pointed out you have to slam the door to make it shut properly. I tried to be quiet and close the door softly but it didn't lock!! Lucky I checked it otherwise I would have been away all evening with an open door!! The main positive is location - just 5-10 minute walk to Kings Cross station so easy to get around London and onto mainline trains. Don't think I would choose this hotel again - would try a nicer hotel instead if I can get a better price. In all fairness, the price I paid was £79 but once you add breakfast (about £6), Wi-Fi access at £10 for 24 hours, and early/flexible check-in at £10, you might as well stay at a better hotel which has these things as standard.	
Jun 22 2009 	Horrible! Don't stay here!	Having stayed at many Travel Lodges in the UK, I thought when I booked this place, that it would be the same as it is everywhere... how wrong was I! 4 of us arrived for a 2 night stay, we called this place Cell Block H, it looked out onto the 'courtyard' and into other peoples room... horrible place.Rooms were small, not very clean and the staff were extrememly rude.Would I recommend this place? not to my worst enemy...Travel Lodge you should be ashamed... horrible place!	
Jun 13 2009 	Travelodge Royal Scot I'll be back!	The hotel is in a great location - close to Kings Cross St Pancras Tube and various bus services. The are many nightlife venues within walking distance. The staff were professional and polite. There was coin-operated internet available in the lobby. The hotel felt safe. The rooms were accessible with a swipe card, which was convenient not having to hand in keys when going out. The room was clean and spacious. Clean white linen on the bed. Clean bathroom with fresh towels. Television and tea/coffee facilities available. The late check out time of 12:00pm was good. The only negative was this strange sound that came from above the room during the day, like pipes or something. Apart of this I really enjoyed my stay and plan to return.	
Jun 11 2009 	basic hotel	this hotel is well located in kingscross near to the tube and rail services the rooms are small but clean. the hotel has a bar which was ok but give the food a miss all in all i would stay in this hotel again for the price and location you cant go wrong.	
Jun 5 2009 	NO AIR COND NO PHONE???? AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST.	Tonight is my first out of 4 nites here.1. NO PHONES in the room. So if you're a tourist and you're in some sort of trouble, you're pretty much screwed getting help.2. Even though there is an A/C unit in the room, it is not operational. I went downstairs to reception (see #1!!!) to ask about it and they said none of the rooms have A/C and windows have to be opened. As I'm typing this review, I can hear people yelling outside, traffic buzzing, etc. Good thing I have ear plugs.3. My laptop is running off the battery right now since there is NO power to the power outlets!!! I inquire about this and supposedly a maint guy going to come by and take a look. it has been 30 min since I checked in.I am so tempted to just check out rigth now and stay somewhere else but my rates were non-refundable. I guess I just have to live with it for 4 nites.DO NOT STAY HERE AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!1	
May 31 2009 	Good value for the money	We stayed for four nights at the Travelodge over the bank holiday weekend. Given that this is London the hotel was a good choice to stay at. It is within walking distance (5 min) from Kings Cross station). Unfortunately it is not possible to store your luggage at the hotel when you have checked out, so if you have time on your hand before leaving London you need to find a place for it. The room we had was no frills, fairly small (twim beds, desk, wardrobe and a small cupboard) but clean. We got fresh towels every day. Our rooms faced Kings Cross Road so it was relatively noisy, but again this is something you can expect almost everywhere in London.Breakfast (hot and cold) was very good (fresh fruit, yoghurt, eggs, beans, sausages, bacon, toast, croissants, ...). The only real downside is that the hotel is being used by many tour operators so if you hit the lobby or the (too small) breakfast room at crunch time expect long lines and waiting for a table.	
May 27 2009 	Dirtysmelly  small rooms  Scruffy Dump  But the breakfast canteen was ok	I have stayed in many Travelodge’s and have found them to have a similar quality, There were a brand you could trust and book with confidence. You would know what you are going to get before you get there.How wrong and misguided I was , London Kings Cross can only be descried as a Dump, dirty , poorly managed , and rooms very small. We stayed in a dirty, damaged rabbit hutch. This hotel has totally spoilt my opinion of the Brand Travelodge. I will go out of my way to book again.There were two adults and one 5 year old child in our room (507). There were 3 beds of different heights across a very small room. The room was dirty, dusty and in desperate need of totally upgrading. Holes in the wall , poor fitting curtains , a bathroom that smelled of the sewer. Our kettle had mould in it, we asked forA Extra Pillow – None arrived Extra towels – None arrived A Kettle that worked – It was not replaced The main problem was the huge disappointment, from what you expect a Travelodge to be and this dump.	
May 27 2009 	Will Definatley Use Again!!	After reading previous reviews on this hotel, i was starting to feel a bit weary of what to expect. After staying at other travelodges across the country i was suprised by these reviews saying it was dirty, cheap &amp; noisy.It took myself and friend 5 minutes to walk from Kings Cross St. The directions we had off google maps were clear and it was easy enough to find. On a first glance it looked a bit shabby from the outside, however when we stepped inside it looked like any other travelodge. It wasn't busy, and everything seemed fine.Check in ran smoothly, and staff on reception desk were friendly and helpful.The room itself wasn't the biggest i've stayed in - however we only needed a place to sleep for the night and weren't particulary bothered by this.The bedroom &amp; bathroom were very clean, all lights were working, and we were very impressed with what we got for our money.We visited the bar &amp; were initially going to have food in the restaurant - however there are quite a few take outs just outside the hotel so we decided to use these [to save money more than anything]There are a few off liscenes right near the hotel, pubs &amp; like i previously mentioned its just 5 minute walk from Kings Cross, so is easy to get to tubes to link to wherever you need to go.The only negative i could point out is the temperature of our room. The weather generally was very hot, but i don't know if the air conditioner was working - or we just couldn't figure out how to use it, but it was rather hot in our room.Other than this, we were both very pleased with the service recieved and our stay here.I would recommend it to anyone - especially considering how much cheaper this hotel is for London!!	
May 25 2009 	Yuck! DON'T GO YOU MAY GET BITTEN TOO! Didn't want to even award poor!	Me and a friend stayed at this hotel as a treat after a night out in London. We checked in quite late and they had no room for us or another up to 20 people. After a 3 hour wait we were shown to a room. We stay in hotels quite often and the test is to have a check of the shower and the toilet. This we did and they were both disgisting, there was also a smear just above the bed which looked brown and I shudder to think what it was! We compalined and then after another 2 hour wait we were shown to a replacement room. By this time we were so tired and so decided to stay anhd not even look at the toilet! We went to bed and we both felt things crawling on us, I got up and went into the bathroom, I saw visable bugs, as big as my small finger nail crawling all over me, I had risen bites everywhere too. I ran down to the reception area in my underwear to show them and they were so shocked and offered me a doctor. I have uploaded some pictures of the bites of 3 days later... they should be shut down, disgusting, I could have caught anything!!	
May 16 2009 	Stay elsewhere unless it's dirt cheap.	The rooms are small compared to other Travelodges, it's not very clean and needs decorating. It's very noisy, people in the corridor sound like they're in your room and all of the doors require to be slammed to be closed causing more noise. Spend a little more and stay somewhere else.	
May 16 2009 	A 15 mins walk from the tube station	Furnitures/fittings that look a bit tired, BUT clean linens, towels, carpet, shower that had plenty of hot water, coffee satchets/tea-bags/milk cups..room was decently large with a soft double and a single bed for the 2 of us. Rm 228 was in the back section of the hotel so it was very very quiet. No aircon (don't need it in May - just draw up the window), electric heating, TV with all the free-to-air channels, no fridge, no telephone. Housekeeping was slightly erratic but OK (just go down to reception and ask for fresh towels, coffee satchets, soaps, etc). Breakfast available in the hotel and nearby cafes, and several convenience stores around the neighbourhood.BUT a long 15 mins gradual walk from the Tube in a locality that is not glamorous, a bit run down, but felt safe walking back at night (around 11 pm).	
May 13 2009 	nice place to stay in central london	good value for the money i had to pay especially as i got a room for 13 pounds (booked online). Nice, clean and close to fine indian restaurants(two present just across the road). Good place to stay in if you have some work in central london.	
May 9 2009 	Great Value - a lick of paint and it would be super!	Booked this room months ago as part of their £9 room deal and whilst there were some niggles with the place it was perfectly acceptable as a place to rest my weary head at night!!Location wise it is a short walk to Kings Cross and there were a few nice looking restaurants along the route.The hotel did look a bit dated and there were plenty of large groups but the room we stopped in was away from all this hustle and bustle. We managed to sleep with the window open and didn't hear any noise!!The bathroom was a bit small but everything in there worked fine.If you want a bit of luxury this hotel isn't it, but as a base for sightseeing its great.	
May 4 2009 	Cheap for London but not good if you have much luggage.	We had just arrived from Australia at 6 am that morning so by the time were able to check into the hotel we were exhausted. We had paid £29 for the room including the extra £10 for early check in at Midday which was a good price for London &amp; good location to catch the Eurostar next morning. The hotel room was small but clean &amp; comfortable. We were given a Millenium Room, sounds good, but we had to go up in the lift 2 floors then walk down the stairs to the ground floor on the other side of the building to get to our room. We had 2 suitcases &amp; some hand luggage so we were not happy. We were told this was the only way to get to those rooms &amp; nobody offered to help us with our luggage. With this in mind I would not recommend the hotel to senior travellers with luggage.	
May 4 2009 	Does what it says on the label.	Stayed here as a base for a sightseeing trip.Whilst its a little tired looking and quite busy, we found it to have just what we wanted for this weekend...a base to rest our weary bodies after a days sightseeing, a bar/cafe area to get a 'generic' drink/meal, a parking area where you can check on your car in passing (though parking is £15 a day), a short walk to Kings Cross tube, cafes/shops/pubs in the area nearby. The room was basic, but comfortable a clean. Small bathroom but with a powerful shower and plenty of towels. We had a good view of the park outside, and the secondary glazing was enought o keep the noise out. Unfortunately you can't choose who the other guests are and, as our room was near the lift area, we found it to be a bit noisy with the 'ping' of the lift arriving, the people standing around chatting whilst waiting for, or being dropped off by, a lift, or the conversations of people who were together but in different rooms.All in all we got what we paid for and we will go back again if the price is right. Don't be put off by the bad reviews...it is basic but its not awful.	
Apr 28 2009 	Worst Travelodge I've ever stayed in.	I have stayed in some decent Travelodges but this one was shabby, run down and dirty. Noisy rooms and constantly full of noisy school trips who block entrances and lift access. No better than a hostel. We had a triple bedded small room which didn't have enough space for any chair or bedside table. No phone. Broken toilet roll holder. Air conditioning didn't work.Not a good experience and we didn't stay the full length of our booking..	
Apr 18 2009 	Value for Money	Not the best hotel in London but who can complain on a three night break for less than £150. The public rooms are fine and the bar area very relaxing. Yes the rooms are a bit small and in need of some TLC but you don't travel to London to stay in your room. We were on one of the inner rooms and heard hardly any road noise. We enjoyed our stay.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location slightly shabby and attracts a lot of (noisy) school groups	If you can get a Travelodge deal then grab your super strength earplugs and go. I hiked up the stairs to my room rather than wait for the 30 plus Italian school kids to sort themselves out at the lift area. Then found they were on the same floor as I was - meaning teenagers slamming doors, running up and down the hallways, banging on my door by mistake.. etc; the whole &quot;teenagers on a school trip&quot; ugliness.The rooms on the third floor were less shabby than the Farringdon Travelodge ( I'd stayed there the previous month) , seemed quieter ( regarding street noise) and had showers that worked, plus the double bed was a double not two twins jammed together. But Kings Cross Royal Scot is much larger so will attract the groups and the attendant noise problems of groups.	
Mar 25 2009 	You get what you pay for!	We have stayed at many Travelodge Hotels before. This one is a very busy, large hotel, which struggles to cope when large groups arrive 'en mass'.The Royal Scot has clean and comfortable rooms. There was a lot of noise from car park area, but it was surprisingly quiet inside the hotel, even on Saturday night.A bit grubby around the reception area, dirty windows for example, but still perfectly acceptable. An easy stroll from Kings Cross Station.Fascinating cosmopolitan area!Will definitely stay here again - it gives value for money.As a Travelodge it &quot;does what it says on the tin!&quot;.	
Mar 23 2009 	Cheap and adequate	I arrived about 11pm on a Friday night for a one night stay. The entrance and lobby were a swarm of young adults with the smokers outside obstructing the front entrance. The front desk clerk asked only for my name (no other identification was required) and assigned my room number.I expected the worst, however my room on the third floor rear of the hotel was actually quite quiet and comfortable. The only quibbles were a piece of embedded chewing gum on the floor and a few sticky stains on the desk. Apart from that the bedding and bathroom were clean and the water pressure and temperature of the shower was fabulous.This hotel would not be my first choice of Travelodge in London (mostly for its location) but it was good value for money.	
Mar 20 2009 	Really Good for the Price	Not a bad hotel at all, good location we were able to walk to Regents Park, London Zoo, Picadilly and Oxford Street. Room was clean and had fresh bedding on the next day. was a bit noisy but what do you expect from a hotel near the main roads. Was a busy hotel with a lot of bus tours and teenagers but did not bother us at all, we were young once (and still are). Our room was 382 and was quite big. Did not book early check in or late check out of the B&amp;B option, because we knew we would be out early in the morning. The shop across the road, sell almost everything, but if you need anything like razors, toothpaste then you have to ask. Staff were really helpful. The tube on Kings Cross road closes at 8pm so you have to come back via Kings Cross, only about a 10-15 minute stroll. If you walk around the back of the hotel there is a little area were you can sit which is really quite and nice and you can walk a bit further and there is a small park for kids which is useful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Cheap as chips but shabby and noisy	I swore once never to use Travelodge again (since staying at one with my young daughter only to find they wanted to charge me £10 to hold my bag (as I arrived 45 mins early, and needed to head back out), and then found, on returning in the evening that it was their policy to have you make your own beds....!!)Anyway, needed a cheap sleep in advance of a Eurostar train out of St Pancras, and booked this family room for about £30.The location is ok, not the closest to St Pancras, but not a long walk. The place is however shabby, dirty and looked more like a hostel when we arrived. Full of tourist parties out on the razzle, and thankfully manager put us in what he said would be a quiet room. That meant a room that I can only describe as being in the basement! Room was cold, again shabby, although the beds were made. Just a pretty grim experience though	
Mar 8 2009 	Basic cheap accomodation - if you get the right deal	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights to see the sights and watch a show. We booked well in advance and paid £29 per night, which for London is a bargain. The hotel isn't 5 star but for that price what do you expect ? The rooms are basic and in truth could do with a lick of paint but they are clean and have everthing you need for a short stay and the staff were friendly and helpful. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel but can highly recommend the &quot;Cafe Express&quot; just across the road, lots of choice and freshly cooked. All in all I would suggest that you don't read too much into the negative comments some people have posted, just be prepared for a basic hotel and you shouldn't be disappointed.	
Mar 5 2009 	For £9 it was OK	...but I wouldn't be happy to pay more than that for this run down tip. The triple bedded room didn't have enough space for any chair or bedside table; the sink did not drain properly and someone had presumably stolen the kettle. But they did bring me a replacement after half an hour. (No phone in room so I had to go to reception to ask for it) I've stayed here twice - for £9 a night both times - the first time we all had to evacuate due to a fire alarm at 2 in the morning. The place is tatty and in dire need of a lick of refurbishment. Newer Travelodges seem to have a much higher standard. Use this place as a last resort or if you can get it for £9 and want a cheap stay in London. Oh, and don't be deceived by the &quot;Royal Scot&quot; in the hotel name - it's quite a walk from Kings Cross station and the streets aren't particularly pleasant at night.	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice Hotel for a stay in London	I came to London several times, this time i choose to stay in a somewhat larger Hotel and didn't regret it. I arrived early and could allready check in. My room was on the fifth floor and had a view on a nearby square. Like most of the times i stayed in London, i only use the room to sleep, to watch some TV and to shower. The room was larger, i got a twin room for single use, so i could use one of the beds as a place to put my suitcase and some shopping. The bathroom was ok, with a bad that also is used as a shower.I only had some problems with the heading in the room (to hot or cold).Breakfast was on the groundfloor and was english style, but also some croissant and other more continental stuff. I'll also recommend to eat in the hotel, they have a nice choose of snacks, Pizza was got and the BBQ ribs were great. They also serve Stella Artois at a good price for London.	
Feb 28 2009 	OK if get a cheap deal	My wife and I went with our 2 young kids and grandparents for a week in London. We got a good deal on the room rates and having stayed in other Travelodges were happy enough to book here.It's about a 5-10 minute walk to Kings Cross station where can use the Tube to get all round the city. Felt safe enough walking back to the hotel at night.Had a couple of rooms on the 5th floor - a family and a triple. Certainly the 5th floor could do with a revamp - plenty of chipped doors, and pealing wallpaper. Our room was of a decent size with a soft double bed and convertable sofa bed. Secondary glazing did not close properly, coffee supplied in the room, but no kettle, small TV, basic wall mounted heater with trailing electrical cables. Bathroom was very small, and although was clean, could see the black mildew between the tiles, and the bath didn't have a plug. On one day we didn't get any towels in the room.It was ok as a base, but it is pretty basic, and seemed to attract crowds of young people the could hear in the corridors until late into the night. Fortunately kids are too young to see if as anything but an adventure, and at the cheap price its probably decent value for London. However would begrudge paying the full rate for it, as it is definitely 'tired' and not of the same standard as other Travelodges that stayed in.	
Feb 28 2009 	basic but comfortble	This does not come up to the usual high standards of UK Travelodges.We got the room in advance for £45 so it was cheap for London.The room was very small, no sofa which I have always previously had in Travelodge stays. The bathroom was adequate but tiny but the shower had a good jet and there was plenty of hot water.The room was in need of a good refurbishment. When we arrived we had no towels and the bed linen appeared to be dirty and stained, which is not the norm for this company.Reception was manned by foreign staff, and rude at that, so we did not waste our time complaining about the bed linen.Breakfast was plentyful and there was a very good range of hot drinks. Again the staff were rude and kept trying to clear the plate before you had finished eating but their lack of English made it difficult to compain. The food quality was adequate but tased and looked like a value range so there was not much taste to it but it did keep us going until the evening.It is a good 10 min walk to the nearest underground but the area is safe and there are plenty of places to eat or buy convenience food from.If you stay here make sure you do your homework first about public transport etc as the reception staff are not helpful and don't know anything at all, not even how to get to the West End shows, which was rather surprising.All in all I would not stay here again but I would use Travelodges again as I think this was a one off bad experience.	
Feb 18 2009 	Terrible dirty torn wall paper exposed electrics	Booked late and wouldnt normally use TL, but it was convenient to our visit.Wallpaper torn, lights wonky showing wiring, dirty rads, others hair in the bath!!!Disgusting.It was quiet, well situated and slept ok.The auto main doors to TL wouldnt close, so breakfasted in coats as it was so cold.Wont be back to that or any other TL!	
Feb 17 2009 	Nice Travelodge	We stayed here on 14 feb and we were very pleased with it.About 10 min walk from Kings cross underground.We had room 675, lovely big room! Very clean and modern furniture,nice carpet, heater,tea coffee facilities&amp; tv. Bed linen was immaculately clean and pressed.Nice bathroom with bath shower and new towels.We slept like a baby so obviously traffic noise not that bad.We had a complimentary continental breakfast in the cafe which was very nice.Cereal, toast croissants jam, marmalade tea coffee juice.If you want you can buy a cooked breakfast if you're really hungry! Basically i cant praise this travelodge enough! And we would definately stay here again hopefully in rm 675!	
Feb 9 2009 	Not so bad...but anybody could enter in your room!	I spent 2 nights there, very cheap if your lucky to find an offer (39£ per night triple room)The only bad thing is that anybody could ask for a room without any identification. Don't leave in the room any valuables objects. For a short holiday..is good!	
Jan 30 2009	Not Fair	My wife and I stayed for 3 nights and found most of the negative comments on this site to be inaccurate. We enjoyed good service at the clean and tidy check-in and found the room neat and tidy. Everything worked fine and we had 3 very quiet nights- not bad 5 mins from King's Cross! The breakfast, though not very imaginative was well-presented and plentiful- all you could eat in fact both cooked and continental style. All in all and above-average Travelodge experience and we have stayed in quite a few.	
Jan 15 2009	Disappointed	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Royal Scot ,our rate varied from£29-£59 per night. Having experienced Travelodge accommodation before we were very disappointed by the dismal and soulless atmosphere . The room was small, bathroom even smaller and our room was overlooked at close quarters by other bedrooms and as there were no blinds to the windows this meant that the curtains were drawn for privacy even during the day. We will stay with TL again but be very careful as to choice of location and standard. For excellent breakfast/snacks/meals and coffees do try the Cafe Express situated across the road from the main entrance to the Royal Scot.( just to the right near the traffic lights!!!)	
Jan 14 2009 	Hidden gem	I honestly don't understand the negative comments on this property. It's ridiculously cheap, it's very clean, comfortable and centrally located. What more can one ask for? We've stayed here twice and would have no hesitation in going back again, especially if you can get the Advance Purchase Saver rates which are an absolute steal.Normal London hotels charge 5 times as much and they aren't necessarily 5 times better. We've been to London around a dozen times, stayed in all manner of hotels including Hiltons and Thistles and we would still recommend the Travelodge unreservedly.It's a budget accommodation, so once you get your head around that then you should have a good stay with no problems. The front desk staff are quite helpful, the room is clean and you're less than 5mins away from McD's, Starbucks and an abundance of shops and restaurants, not to mention Kings Cross Rail Station where you can jump on a tube to wherever you are going.Great, great value.	
Jan 11 2009	Borderline between Bad and Ok. (C- Grade)	Would not stay there again. Far from city center and attractions. Very small rooms, clogged and dirty bathrooms. Poor service. Good breakfast. Try to avoid this hotel.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Deal for £26 / night	This is the 2nd time I have stayed at this hotel. I booked 3 rooms @ £26 a night. Our room was 318 and for the price we paid it was excellent. Had a double bed, tv, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and was very clean. Not the biggest of rooms but then I have paid £150 night for a major chain hotel in Russell Square and had a worse room.The other 2 rooms 321 and 328 were also very good, no one had any complaints whatsoever.We were a little disappointed that the bar only opened 5pm - 11pm would have been nice to come back to the hotel for a drink before bed. the previous stay 2 years ago the bar opened until 1am.One word of warning our pillows were rock hard! The maid was a little annoying. We were leaving on the Sunday and check out was 12 noon so we took advantage of this and had a lie in as our bus was not until 13:30. The maid first entered the room @ 9:30am. The Do Not Disturb sign makes no difference. She tried several times later but by this time I had figured out that I could lock the door so she couldn't enter.Don't worry about this hotel if you can get a cheap price just don't stay at the one further up the road which is horrendous.	
Jan 8 2009 	not sure what people expect	I stayed here for one night to enjoy a london shopping trip. We stay in travelodges on most shopping trips. The key is to book well in advance and sign up for emails. That way you get informed when £9 sales are on. I paid £19 for a family room for one night. so less than a fiver each. Yes the rooms are basic but they are clean and have everthing you need for a short stay. This hotel is quiter than the other travelodge at kings cross being a little further from the station, but its less convienent and further to walk at night. The breakfast deal is fab if you staying with children as they eat free. If i paid full price i would be a little disapointed but for such a cheap price in london its a fab place to stop. I have managed to book famiy rooms in august for nine pound a night what a bargin!	
Jan 3 2009 	Wouldn't do it again!!	I booked this hotel on the internet and requested 1 double bed and an extra bed for our 2 year old. At £19.00 a night I can't grumble however had we been paying full wack I would have been horrified. On arrival we found we had been given 3 single beds. Not great for a small 2 year old. We stayed for 3 nights and by the end of it we were all grumpy due to lack of sleep on the thinnest single beds you ever did see - plus the 1 small pillow we got didnt help matters. The website said parking was available. Worst car park you have ever seen in your life.... and a bargin at £15 a day! Hmmmm. 5 min walk to tube station, not a pleasant walk tbh however we did have a few laughts at the &quot;adult&quot; shop opposit the hotel with its window display of latex outfits..... say no more!!I wouldnt want to stay at this hotel again!	
Dec 29 2008 	Not what was expected	We booked this travelodge as an overnight stay so that we could see the lights for Christmas. We paid £19 per triple room, per night. We got what we paid for - basic accommodation in quite a central location.The triple rooms are tiny and not really suitable to accomodate three beds - dread to think how packed it would be with three adults. The decor was very run down, the sink had a massive crack in it. Overall very run down.But it was £19 per night, it was cleanish, the bed was very narrow but fairly comfortable.Wouldn't chose to stay there again, wouldn't recommend it and was quite disappointed that it was part of the Travelodge chain.Luckily our kids didn't notice any of this and still had a lovely time in London - so there you go!	
Dec 24 2008	Buyer Beware: No Fine Print	Before you book with Travelodge this is what you need to know: your credit card will be charged in advance and you may not see your full amount refunded if you cancel. I booked a week at this location more than a month in advance of my trip. When my travel plans changed I went online to cancel. I tried calling customer support but never was able to get through. When I canceled the reservation online I was refunded my total minus a booking fee of £1.50, which is legit, and £20 for wifi access, which is not. There was nothing on the booking form to indicate that wifi services would be unrefundable. When I contacted Travelodge by email they said I could use the services on a future trip. Since this is a one time trip to London from the US, I doubt very much I'll ever use this service. I'm contesting this now, but know before you book that you will be charged in advance, that there may be hidden fees, and that their customer service is not easily accessible, especially if you're not in the UK.	
Dec 8 2008	Cheap But Clean!	Stayed here for 4 nights. Booked the hotel well in advance in the Travelodge website for only 29 pounds/night. For the price, it was more than adequate. Good sized rooms, comfortable bed, tea and coffee making facilities. As advised on the Travelodge website, they do not provide toiletries such as shampoo, shower gel, etc. One bar of soap was provided for our stay. Room was extremely clean,. Only problem was poor drainage in the shower, so we got a foot soak everytime we used the shower! About 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras station, or 5 minutes on the #63 bus. During this trip, we also stayed at an Easyhotel for the same price. The Travelodge room was about 3-4 times the size of the Easyhotel room, so definitely go with Travelodge if you can get a good deal. We were on the 5th floor facing the inner courtyard, so room was very quiet at night. Heater works well also. Overall, a very good deal for London.	
Dec 5 2008 	I can't believe this was a Travelodge	Like another writer, we booked a Travelodge because we thought you knew what you were going to get when you did so - simple but adequate bedrooms, meticulous cleanliness and a good breakfast on site or next door. Our room was a nice one - but the heater was broken and the secondary glazing wouldn't stay shut, letting in a lot of street noise and cool air. The bathroom basin was cracked, too. But the public parts of the hotel were what disappointed - inadequate lifts in shabby condition (with 2 out of the 3 out of order during most of our stay); a cold lobby totally inadequate for the number of people who gathered there - it was often jammed with queues from coach parties. (The automatic doors to the street seemed to jam on Open.) Totally inadequate breakfast accommodation, which was caused long queues to form in the cold lobby, and caused you to have to search for empty chairs and carry them to your table. Be warned - this is not the right hotel if you are looking for a restful haven from the hustle of a weekend in London, or a place to get a bit of work done between appointments. A large part of the clientele was made of coach parties of noisy - though not in our experience rowdy - crowds of teenagers. To repeat, the room was basically OK and the food provided for breakfast was OK too - but it just wasn't what you'd expect from a Travelodge.	
Dec 5 2008 	Nasty Little Dump	What a horrible little dive.I was taking an early Eurostar train and decided that it would be a lot easier to stay the night near St Pancreas rather than get public transport from South London at the crack of dawn on a Sunday.I was also quite well aware that Travelodge is a no-frills chain. We simply needed a decent place to spend the night. I have also stayed in Travelodge before for a similar reason.Bearing all this in mind though this branch is way below what you should expect to find at this sort of price.Check inThis took ages. There was one girl on the desk and about 15 people queuing. She kept having to vanish into the office for some reason so when we arrived all we could see was a huge queue and no-one there to attend to the guests.How to Find Your RoomWe were on the 2nd floor which strangely you had to take the lift to the 2nd floor then walk downstairs to get to. The room was found by way of a dark stairwell with peeling wallpaper and a worn carpet.The RoomIt was very dark. The beds were tiny and uncomfortable. The bathroom was just about acceptable but is had a nasty grubby shower curtain and no hairdyer.Most worryingly there was no telephone in the room so you could not call reception if there was some sort of emergency. Or if like us, you had no-one to call when you were kept awake all night by the sound of someone's tv on ALL NIGHT, following having the pleasure of hearing their bedhead banging against the wall accompanied by various moans.The Bar Area/FoodThis hotel is not exactly in the hub of Kings Cross so places to eat are pretty much non-existent so we decided to eat there.Bar Staff - pretty hopeless. One person took our order and poured one drink before wandering off. Someone else poured the other drink and took our food orders then also wandered off. We then had to ASK a third person what the bill was and could we pay. She very helpfully picked up 2 knives and forks and proceeded to see how many times she could touch them with her bare hands before giving them to us. The food was pretty much as I expected: sub-standard motorway service station.BreakfastWe left at 7.30am and the breakfast area was in darkness.Check OutEven though we had paid and there is no room service or mini bar or telephone so you can't rack up a bill the reception area was deserted.I had one of the worst nights 'sleep' I have ever had, the place is grubby, run down and the staff are pretty hopeless and can't speak English very well.There are loads of hotels in this area. Many of them are probably worse. But this is part of a chain and you would expect a consistent standard of accommodation throughout that chain. This branch was horrible. Don't stay here. Stay at the Premier Inn.	
Dec 3 2008 	No frills but good value	Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot is situated about 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross/St Pancras station. It's not the prettiest hotel to look at - it's a converted office block and it shows. And the reception area hasn't done much to hide that either. It looks every inch the office security front desk. The bar/restaurant is located just to the side of the reception, and looks a bit worse for wear and slightly unloved. The chairs are a bit old and the tables slightly worn. It resembles something direct from a working mens social club (think Peter Kay's Pheonix Nights).The lifts are a bit of a squeeze. You'll fit a couple of people with a medium suitcase each, but probably no more.The corridors are never ending. Walking along them feels like walking along a cruise ship. The corridors seem to stretch for miles, the walls adorned with heavy wooden doors, and the floor covered with thick, but wearing carpet. And speaking of doors, your first challenge is learning how to close the door quietly. It can't be done. The doors slam behind you, even with the most careful shutting, which can be a nuisance when your neighbours roll in at an ungodly hour of the night.Our TV reception was a bit rubbish on some channels and the toilet didn't flush very well - you needed to pump it rather than flush it to clear the toilet paper from the bowl.But, for all of this, the hotel has some pretty postive plus points. The rooms are clean and the beds are incredibly soft and comfortable. The hotel is fabulously located for a weekend in the capital, being close enough to KC to have the city at your feet, but far enough away not to feel totally bombarded. And if you're looking for value for money, you can't get much better. We got two nights less than a month before Christmas for £64 the lot. OK, it's not the exhuberent luxury of a Hilton or Marriott, but if you're going to spend your days out and about and are just looking for a base and a place to put your head down at night then this hotel will more than do the job.	
Dec 2 2008	Pleasant stay	Stayed at the hotel for three nights from Saturday 15th November. Taking a group of six 17yr old students on a study trip. We all found the rooms to be satisfactory. I was only paying £49 for a triple room per night. For central London it is hard to beat price wise. Pupils commented favourably on the rooms. Only 10 minute walk from KX/St Pancras. Only real grumble was the really poor pressure in the shower. Did not take breakfast, partly as the cues were massive on the Sunday morning. Any requests made of staff were dealt with pleasantly and efficiently. An overall pleasant experience.	
Nov 24 2008 	Nice hotel!	Me and my mates stayed here for 3 nights in November 08. Very nice hotel with clean rooms. About 10 min walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras. Will definitely stay here the next time I`m in London!Please visit the restaurant Konstam, about 50 meters from the hotel, very nice food!!We tried the breakfast at the hotel, but I will recommend that you buy a cheaper and better breakfast in one of the cafes nearby.All in all, a nice and very cheap hotel!	
Nov 21 2008	Good base if you can get a good rate	Have stayed here several times over the last few years. It's a 10min walk from Kings Cross/St. Pancras stations, from where you can reach pretty much anywhere in London with ease. Not the nicest part of town late at night, but OK. Travelodge often have some excellent sales. If you can book ahead your room may be as cheap as £9 (usually more like £29-£49) - v. good for central London. Rooms are fairly small and basic, with a small bathroom. They're looking a bit worn, but usually very clean. A kettle with tea &amp; coffee is provided. Rooms overlooking the central car park area are quiet - those on the road are much noisier.Hotel has a bar and a breakfast area. I usually have breakfast elsewhere - there are many nice cafes nearby.	
Nov 6 2008 	Not so good but was value for money	knowing that london hotels are pricey, we picked this place for just to sleep and shower. we arrived at the hotel before the check-in time and the hotel staff allowed us to check in 1/2 hour earlier. the room and bathroom were of decent sizes, enough for a good night sleep and hot shower!!	
Nov 1 2008 	Nice Stay In Budget Hotel	Having looked at alot of the reviews for the Royal Scot I was not sure what was in store for me. However I only paid £29.00 for the room to stay in Central London! I must say I think some of the reviews are very mean. The room was clean and tidy could do with updating. The staff on reception were very helpful and friendly and the restaurant was fine. The location was also very good close to the main line station and you can be in the west end in less that 20mins. I am not really sure what people want from budget hotels if you want the five star service you will be paying alot more than £29.00 per night in London!.	
Oct 28 2008 	So its late	I stayed here last November for 5 nights. The room was in great shape and I experienced no problems at all here.Its handy for visiting all over London and there is plenty of food/drink outlets nearby.The room was small however it was clean and warm and the bathroom was spotless!I would happily go back here.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good value night's stay	We have stayed at a number of Travelodge hotels and are always aware that they are basic and budget-class hotels. We therefore don't expect the world when we do stay in one.We stayed in this one for one night at a cost of about £59. It is very close to Kings Cross rail station but not close enough for noise problems. There are no restaurants around the hotel, but there are some takeaway outlets close by.The room was double-glazed windows which was fine but we couldn't open the windows for fresh air (the hotel has air conditioning though).We stayed in a double room on the first floor, the room was situated facing out from the front of the hotel. The room was clean and tidy, the bed was a little soft for our liking but not a major problem. The staff were freindly and knowledgable and when we needed extra towels this was not a problem at all.The hotel allows food to be taken to the rooms and we had a good night's sleep.The next morning we chose not to have the full breakfast (£5.25) but just wanted a bit of toast. The hotel kindly allowed us this for free! which we thought was great of them.All in all very happy with the stay there.	
Oct 7 2008 	Beware of this Hotel	Stayed in this hotel for one night before using eurostar.Let me start with the good points:LocationNow for the stuff that was not so good:Couldnt sleep due to constant trains noise throughout the night (to be fair they did have a warning on the website) but the noise was tremendously loud.The room was small dirty and dated. The window was single glazed and had no curtains which made the room really cold and the electric radiator was useless.The bathroom was small, filthy and very basic. i.e no shampoo's etc. Considering we paid £87 for one night that is not value for money.They provided two small hand towels in the bathroom in a double room. it was like trying to get dry with a napkin.This is the worst excuse for a hotel i have ever witnessed in my life and had i been staying for longer i would have complained or simple found somewhere else to stay.	
Sep 23 2008 	Not up to usual Travelodge standards - best avoided	What a disappointment. I persuaded my family to book at the Travelodge as you always know what you are going to get - how wrong was I! I always think of the Travelodge as real value for money especially if you have one of their lovely cheaper deals - they are clean, tidy and comfortable with decent size rooms and bathrooms.Well not at this one. The first impression as I walked in wasn't great, not as nicely presented as I'm used to but when I got into the lift my heart sank, the brass doors on the inside were filthy and had obviously been for some time - all streaky - they only needed a bit of Brasso and some elbow grease!Bedroom and bathrrom were tiny - sheets and towels were clean but that's about it as there was a thick layer of dust on the table and loads of crumbs and bits under the glass top!!The best description is that it was very shabby - furniture was battered and scratched in my room and the corridors were a joke - health and safety would have a field day - the carpet was loose in places and black tape had been put over to make safer but this was loose and flapping about - probably more of a hazard!I've stayed at other chain hotel's in London at Euston and the London Eye with IBIS and Travel Inn and they've been fine. Sorry Travelodge this one really lets the side down - I hope your other London places are better.This wasn't horrendous and I have to say all 3 rooms we had were on the back or side so were very quiet which was great, but overall - this one is to be avoided.	
Sep 23 2008 	Perfect for what we wanted	We stayed in a family room for one night, using it as a stop over due to an early train with Eurostar the following day. We had a double bed and a double pull up sofa bed. The room was spacious considering there were two double beds in it. The bathroom was fairly small, but was clean and tidy. The room was very basic but we only paid £50 so I didn't expect it to be 5* standard. Some people expect to pay peanuts but still get a lavish room - not going to happen !! The check in and out was very quick, all the staff were courteous and it was literally a 5 minute walk from St Pancras which is why we stayed there. I wouldn't want to honey moon there but for a stop over hotel it is perfect. I'd read reviews on this hotel prior to staying and wasn't massivly bothered as it was only a one night stop over, but I have to say some of them are pretty harsh. I had no problem with the hotel and I can be a right critical wot not when I want to be !!	
Sep 4 2008 	not great	Like a few others, we found the wrong Travelodge in King's Cross first. We were directed to the correct property. When we arrived the lobby was a madhouse. I think a tour bus had just arrived. Check in seemed very chaotic. We were assigned a two twin bed room, and requested a double. Unfortunately we were denied. Since it was just one night we decided not to fight it. The room was located on the second floor and directly above a dumpster in the alley behind. There were two old and broken air conditioning units in the room. We knew the hotel didn't have air conditioning, but were suprised to see these old broken units. There was no phone or clock in the room. There was a small 13&quot; TV that was supposed to have a clock/alarm feature that didn't work. The bed linens seemed clean. The window opened both at the top and bottom but didn't close completely. Overall the room was very run down and seemed quite dingy. There were three elevators that held two people and luggage comfortably but they were extremely slow. In the morning as people started walking through the hallway, the door on the room rattled every time someone walked by. There is a restaurant/bar in the lobby, but we did not eat there. For the price in London, it was to be expected, but if given the choice I would not stay here again.	
Aug 23 2008 	Hotel Gone Downhill!	I've stayed at this hotel on many occasions before and it has been adequate - you get what you pay for! But this last stay was very disappointing; entrance lobby/porch littered with debris and glass doors smeared and dirty. Lifts - smelly and very hot, brass wall panels filthy and litter in corners of lift compartment. Room small with not much space to move around and no storage space for more than 1 bag; fairly clean apart from the bathroom which had black marks in the corners of the wall tiles around the bath. Tea and coffee facilities (mugs, tea, coffee, etc.) but no kettle. Repeated requests to bored receptionists eventually produced one 30 hours later! Customer care doesn't seem to be a priority here!Breakfast; endless queues, coffee/tea machines out of order and so on. I don't think the food hygiene training was being followed by the kitchen staff - fresh food was being tipped on top of the stale food in the dishes on the buffet. I would suggest going to one of the several cafe's between the hotel and Kings Cross Station where you will get a freshly cooked English breakfast for less than the hotel charges.	
Aug 19 2008 	Not the best xxperience	Never stayed in a travelodge hotel before but I now know why the other budget hotel chain is called &quot;Premier&quot; and I HAVE stayed with them many times.To be fair I did only pay £19 for one night but it also cost me a whopping £81 for the first night. Could not leave bags at the hotel before and prior the booking which was very inconvenient and poor customer service. They were prepared to let you check in early/out late for an additional £10, which is helpful in view of their very late check in time of 3pm. (It's only £6.50 to leave your bags at King's Cross for 24 hours)There was no literature in the hotel room to advise of hotel services and having treked to the hotel reception for an iron, was offered the iron only, not the board. Welcome to the 21st century.In addition there was only one set of towels in the room so another trip to the reception was necessary, so check before you shower!This is a budget hotel and as far as I could tell this was an ex Thistle hotel but appeared clean enough. £19 was an excellent rate for this hotel but £81 was not. Other budget chains offer far better value!	
Aug 11 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel and felt I had to write a review which I have never done before, as after booking, I read some of the reviews on this site, and ended up almost dreading my stay, the reviews were not good! I was with my husband, 2 young children, and my parents, so felt almost guilty for booking it after reading previous reviews. However, I found it extremely handy for Kings Cross Station as it meant we could use Kings Cross left luggage facility without interrupting holiday to have to trek across London to collect cases before trekking to hotel. We made our way back to Kings Cross at end of day, and was a very short walk from there to hotel with bags. This was also handy for our last day which we did the other way around. Staff were very friendly and helpful, and was particularly impressed with the breakfast. Was as much as you can eat buffet of cooked English, choice of 4 cereals, fruit, croissants, toast, yoghurt, juice, tea/coffee, and even chocolate muffins, so those who were not impressed with this breakfast I am baffled as to exactly what they were expecting!!! Yes, hotel could have done with a refurbishment, and yes it was a bit noisy on a night, but we cannot blame the hotel for its location, Kings Cross in Central London is not expected to be a quiet country retreat! For the price I thought it was excellent value, and I marked it a 3 star because I am not under any illusion that it is a 4 or 5 star, obviously, but just wanted to write in to put other peoples minds at rest who may have booked it like me then panicked after some of the cruel reviews.	
Aug 5 2008 	was threatened and sworn at by the deputy manager	if your young i do not reccomend this hotel. i had paid online for a room and went to check inn and was straightaway accused of fraud. i was being shouted and sworn at front of his other colleauges, by the deputy manager, then took my bank card to the staff room and checked by contacting the bank and found out it was not fraud and that it really was my card. he then came back to me and gave the card and did not even aplogise. i then asked him what happened he then replied 'come out i'l sort you out' he was threatening to fight me. his colleage then refused to let me use their phone to call the police. i was absoultley disgusted of the way i was being treated.	
Jul 28 2008 	Basic - but good value for one night	Stayed here for one night on a return from our holidays in France. Having arrived at the hotel at 2pm, we were told we couldn't check in until 3pm (no problem to us), however, bizarrely we could check in early if we paid £10. Hmmm...it appears no frills hotels are cashing in like no frills flight companies now. They'll be weighing your bags next!But, the hotel was fine, clean, our room ok sized. Breakfast £7.50 for a basic but slightly limited english breakfast - it was ok to be honest, but there are little cafes dotted about close to the hotel which might be better value. But it's not a complaint - it was ok.A good 10-15 min walk to Kings Cross so just be weary if you have heavy cases - if not then it's worth the walk as it is good value hotel. Staff all in all ok - nothing to write home about.Not top notch, but then that wasn't what we wanted - or paid for. So if you don't mind checking in at 3pm and stay for one night - then I'd def recommend.	
Jul 25 2008	Value for money	Stayed for one night on the way to Belgium, a cheap hotel with a double room for only £30 for the night (excluding breakfast). Rooms were comfortable and a reasonable size, bathroom a bit small and no chairs were provided so laying on the bed to watch the TV was a bit uncomfortable. I wouldn`t recommend anyone staying at the hotel for much more than 2 nights and the current charge of £81 per night would be a bit expensive even for London but ours for £30 was very reasonable.	
Jul 16 2008 	Not Great	I was staying at the Royal Scott for 5nights whilst in London, the room was £81 a night for a triple. The Hotel exterior looks pretty grubby and the inside fairs no better i'm afraid. Once checked in we went to our room the room was so small it was actually hard trying to walk in straight with your bags, the room was very clean but was kinda grotty, there were all these stains on the walls like water or something- I don't know and the Furniture and Fixtures were almost all falling apart. The electricity went in our room three times until we figured out it was the electric kettle- we didn't get a replacement. The room was so small and very stuffy even with the window opened all night it was hard to sleep comfortably, on the last night as we were going out the room door wouldn't close properly, a key card had to be put in the side to close the now broken lock as it was jutting out to much for the door to close. The hotel is clean but is in need of some serious updating asap, once the problems were reported to reception they were addressed to straight away. But I wouldn't really recomened this hotel as I feel it is not worth the price you pay for it. I would however recommend the Travel Lodge- Kings Cross(not Royal Scott) it seems to be an overall better standard of hotel and is nearer to Kings Cross Station.	
Jul 9 2008 	Not the worst	It's fair to say I didn't have great expectations of this hotel, but I must admit some things did leave me a little disappointed. I've stayed in a few Travelodges now, and I'm well aware that some are very good, others not so much. This one falls into the latter category.I booked the room for 2 nights in advance and paid the discounted rate of 49 pounds per night, if I'd paid the full rate I would have been horrified! The hotel isn't the most attractive from the outside, but it is quite handy for Kings Cross station - a major factor in my decision to book there. I decided to reserve judgement until I saw the room... And then found a broken chair! I reported this to reception, and the guy on there was very polite and assured me he'd make sure it was replaced; however on return to the room 7 hours later, the same broken chair was still there! It did ge replaced the next day in all fairness, but I would have thought something that was clearly a safety hazard might have been a bit higher on the priorities list... But there you go.The bed was very comfortable, can't fault that at all, but the furniture did look very old and tatty, and it got quite cold at night and we couldn't get the heater to work. Also, we were inone of the rooms that faces the car park, and there was a ledge outside the window where people had clearly been ignoring the smoking ban and having a sneaky one out of the windows and dropping the butts, it was disgustingly filthy and smelled awful.We never ate in the hotel so I can't comment on the food, but there did seem to be quite a few people eating breakfast on a morning so I would assume it wasn't too bad.All in all, I would say this hotel is fine if you just want somewhere to lay your head at night (as we did) and not spend much time in, but it's only worth the discount rates. And don't go expecting much, because you will be disappointed!	
Jul 7 2008 	Dirty	My husband and I stayed for one night before getting the Eurostar the next morning. All I can say the place was dirty. The lift doors looked they had been cleaned with dirty water. The bar area looked shabby and there was no way I was eating there.Our room was so tiny I kept tripping over things as there wasn't enough room to walk. Room was shabby and wanted a good clean. Wouldn't stay there if I was being paid to.	
Jun 25 2008 	Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	Avoid this hotel like the plague. Everything about it is awful, the food, the rooms, the service, the general condition of everything. The fire alarms go off during the night (twice during one night), meaning you get very little sleep. I'd rather camp in a park than go back to this hell hole.	
Jun 25 2008 	Filthiest hotel I've ever seen	Very dirty, very small rooms (not even a chair fitted in the one we had) dirty bathroom, barely a pice of soap. Very noisy. Unclean breakfast room, cheap food, not one this was fresh, dirty tables, dirty elevators. unpleasant and unprofessional manager. we have assisted to various discussions with other clients. She was very unpolite too. Don't stay there if you don't want to spoil your stay in London.Dr. Umberto SebastianiRome Italy	
Jun 17 2008 	The best breakfast.	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 2 children. We paid a very cheap rate of 26 Pounds a night.We stayed for 5 nights. We found the hotel clean, basic and the family room was quite big. Bathroom was small, but what do you expect for 26 Pounds a night?Service at the front desk was good. The restaurant was great, after a day of sight-seeing, it was good to be able to feed 2 tired children for not a lot of money. Breakfast was fantastic and the children ate free.The area around the hotel was ok and it was a bit of a distance into the centre of London, about 1/2 an hour by foot and bus.Overall the hotel was good especially since the rate was so cheap.	
Jun 3 2008 	Why without baggage room? Where are shampoosoap etc.? And what about chairs?	We've been here in the end of May for 4 nights. Receptionist was attentive, quick and friendly. We were given a room on 1st floor, with a view to the mainroad. A noise from outside was not loud enough to bother us. Room was clean and well maintained, bed was comfortable, linen was clean. Shower and toilet were clean and OK, but shampoo and hair-drier were not given. There was a tea/coffee place, tea, sugar, etc.were re-stocked every morning.. Breakfast was adequate, but menu was the same everyday. But: how to drink tea or coffee if there are no chairs? And why the guests have to manage with their cases on the floor, instead of any absent table? And why there is no baggage room for the last hours between check-out and getting out from the city? Review: adequate for the price, but some simple things have to be done.	
Jun 1 2008 	Not Bad For London	We have stayed in a few travelodges, London and other parts of the UK, and this one is ok. Prior to arriving, we called and asked if we could check-in early and was told we could for a £10 early check in fee, which was good so we could sightsee for the afternoon. On arrival this was fine so we got our room just after 12pm. I do not understand why the previous reviewer was not allowed to check in early and was told 3pm was the check-in time - not very good. Anyway, the room was ok - it had a bed and a bathroom, although the bathroom was small it had a good shower over the bath. The decor was a bit tired but for one night was fine. The bar was good and open until 1am. We had some drinks in the bar which was reasonably priced but chose to eat in the Italian on the corner opposite which was fantastic. All in all it was fine but room could do with a re-vamp.	
Jun 1 2008 	A place to sleep	I brought my family to London for a two night stay and was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews of this place. For a cheap hotel it is conviently close to Kings Cross tube station which made getting about easy. The bar area was nice although the food wasnt. The room was decent and clean enough for the price we paid but the corridors and lifts were a bit mucky and people were running around at night time which didnt help me get to sleep. All in all though I would recomend this place as long as you dont mind roughing it a bit. The area isnt the best but I wouldnt say it was rough, after reading some of the reviews I think some people must be be scared of their own shadow.	
May 30 2008 	Keep your expectations low..	Found a great offer on a triple room on the travelodge website and i can see why it's so cheap.Pros: 1) 10 minute walk to Kings Cross underground/St Pancras.2) the bar looked impressive although i admit i didn't use it.Cons:1) reception refused to let us leave our bags behind the desk in the morning so we had to carry them round all day (3pm earliest checkin)2) the elevators and corridor walls are disgusting.3) the walls in our very small room were dirty.4) the toilet roll holder had been ripped off, the toilet was dirty and the shower head was diconnected.for the price and the fact it was just a bed to sleep on i suppose this did the trick, anything else and avoid at all costs	
May 28 2008 	Cheap hotel cheap area	This hotel is a strange mix of modern and old. It seems that Travelodge has taken over an existing hotel and built another wing at the back because my two stays here were in an older room (with a redundant air-con unit) and your common or garden Travelodge room. Both rooms were facing in on the car park, but as is usual with every Travelodge I've stayed in, the windows weren't up to the job of keeping the noise out.Make no mistake, Kings Cross is a really grotty part of town. Don't let the nearby glitzy St Pancras station fool you - I wouldn't recommend this place for tourists as it really lets the side down. There are also no nice places to eat, unless you frequent kebab shops on a regular basis. But as a cheap, clean-ish place to stay (make sure you get a good price by booking way in advance), this Travelodge is okay.	
May 26 2008 	Grubby - use Travelodge at Euston or Kings Cross Grey's Inn Road	I usually don't bother reviewing many hotels I stay on business with, but I think this place is going to make me change that! I ended up somehow with a twin room, two single beds, something that's never happened to me when I've been away on business - even with Premier Lodge you generally get two doubles in twin rooms. I'm well over 6ft and found it impossible to sleep.I was going to get into one of the beds and found it to be a bit grotty so used the other too! The air conditioning unit had been disabled, assume they all had and didn't look as if it was still in operation. Wardrobe was dropping to bits.The room had evidence of recent re-decoration, however this meant that the painters have gone over the woodwork and painted on the walls with gloss paint.The chair was missing from the desk, so impossible to work.Shower and WC were of average standard. No shower gel, which seems to be quite regularly happening at Travelodge sites – assume they’re not doing it anymore. I’ve used the one down the road which is actually nearer Kings Cross – the one on Grey’s Inn Road, that is very modern and quite nice. Very amazed that a big hotel chain could have such a mismatch in standards. There is also a new Travelodge at Euston – which I assume will also be quite nice. Ultimately this place is very tired, needs a complete re-furbishment all rooms and all floors – which is quite a bit of money, assume they’ll just sucker in coach trips etc and the odd business person who can’t get booked into one of the other ones (like me!).	
May 17 2008 	basic and clean	if you're looking for a no frills, basic, handy hotel room, look no further than this little place. 5 mins walk from kings cross station and the underground, the rooms were basic, but at £26 a night for a twin room, how can you complain! breakfast was a bit unorganized, they took their time refilling the items, but apart from that, this was great! there were roadworks outside, but you couldn't hear them from our room	
May 12 2008 	Awful Rooms But Easy To Get Around	This hotel is supposed to have been refurbished??? The cushions on the lobby sofas were sunken and the inside of the (very tiny) lifts look as if people have spat on them. Every time I rode in them, I hoped not many people would enter so that I wouldn't have to stand too close to the walls. The furniture in the rooms looks worn and the shower curtain was mouldy.The first room we were given was supposed to have been one of the better ones, with a &quot;view&quot; of the main road. The hotel is supposedly strict on not smoking in the rooms but it stank of smoke even thought the window was left ajar. Unfortunately, the window was stuck in that position too, and the road noise came in. The air con was noisy. We resigned ourselves to our room until we realized that it wouldn't lock when we closed it from the outside.We complained to the reception about the faulty lock and were told that we should just slam the door a bit harder! That usually took more than one attempt to make sure the door locked. After doing this a couple of times, we almost came to blows with a burly guest from a neighbouring room who (understandably) was upset at the noise.Intimidated, my husband (5' 5&quot; and not at all muscular) went to the reception and explained that we just HAD to get another room. Thankfully, they had one available, although it only had two single beds. Our new room had other drawbacks: a &quot;beautiful&quot; view of the parking lot and dumpster, a tiny bathroom, and an air con that did not work (a problem as London was experiencing hot weather during our visit). Next, we discovered that the safe could not be used. According to the receptionist, the safes have either been disconnected or removed from the rooms! Although we put up &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs, housekeeping entered the room. And don't bother to try and be environment-friendly by hanging your towels on the towel rails, because they'll change them anyway.Yes, there are tea and coffee making facilities but the rooms are not comfortable enough to want to sit around and have a cuppa.If you are a coffee drinker and planning to have breakfast in their cafe I recommend that your STAY AWAY from their coffee as it's terrible. Walk up the road towards King's Cross station and you'll find a little place with an Italian name for your morning cup.The only things I liked about the hotel was that the sheets were clean and it's close to King's Cross station.	
May 12 2008 	A Great Cheap Base Hotel but area shabby	Stayed at this Travellodge for a cheap theatre weekend with my two daughters 9-11 May 2008. About a ten minutes walk from Kings Cross Railway (and tube) station. About a £11 taxi ride from Covent Garden in the daytime. Weather was incredibly warm and doesn't appear any air conditioning works in this hotel. Staff very helpful at finding us a fan which when it was plugged in fused all the sockets in the bedroom. Staff again very helpfully moved us to a bedroom on the inside of the hotel (hotel is triangular shaped with an internal courtyard/carpark) which was much cooler and quieter. Apparently its the largest Travellodge in the country. Plenty of takeaways directly outside the hotel but nothing else of interest. Purely a cheap base! We paid £53 a night by booking in advance. Lots of large foreign coach parties arrived day and night so lifts struggle at those times. Room and bathroom immaculately clean. Beds comfy. Certainly not shabby!	
May 10 2008	Well it was at least cheap...	I'll start with the good parts: we got a very cheap deal on our triple room, the beds were comfy and clean.The general state of the room was a bit tatty - black mould in the corners of the shower; a hole ripped in the hand-towel; a broken pedestal bin; missing parts from the 'converter' that swaps between shower and bath.The staff, I have to say, were worse than useless. On the second day we had to re-book in... not that this has been mentioned. But anyway, our keycard didn't work, fair enough. We were on the fifth floor. It took me 4 trips back and forth to reception before one of them actually came up with me (very reluctantly) to 'test' our card - and had to let us in with the master key. No explanation as to why it didn't work, merely that we could get it re-programmed again when we came back down... just like the other 3 times...Walls are very, very thin, the italian students next door woke us up both nights.The curtains don't fit the windows properly, meaning that in the bed next to the window you get the sun on your face at a very early hour, argh.We ordered pizza from the bar downstairs, and it was completely disgusting so something to avoid.I didn't mind the general area, but if i had been alone I would have felt quite unsafe.	
May 8 2008 	Don't Go There	Awful hotel, I would not recommend anyone to stay here. The lift area in the lobby smelt of urine. The first room we were allocated was dirty and the curtains were hanging off the rails. The second room was worse, there was thick black mold around the bath, the shower didn't work and the sockets were hanging loose from the walls. The third and final room was substandard but after what we had already seen maybe this was the best the hotel had to offer. Stay at your peril	
Apr 30 2008 	Cramped room!	We booked a triple room in this massive hotel in December for a one-night stay before a meeting the next day. We didn't really have any problems although if I we'd had any intentions of having an early night we would've been sorely disappointed! We really just required cheap accommodation in a central area before a meeting and thats what we got. I can't say I have any complaints at all about the hotel, you get what you pay for after all! Check-in was fairly swift even though it was busy and its easy enough to navigate your way to your room even though the hotel is huge. The triple room is really just a twin room with an extra bed in it, we were all sleeping fairly close together so it's just as well we are good friends otherwise it could've been uncomfortable. As with all travelodge rooms, they are very basic but when you're staying for one night, space and luxuries are not required! We ate in a nice Italian restaurant across the road which I would recommend and for the best laugh ever and if you don't mind going to a gay bar please visit the Golden Lion around the corner, we were made so welcome there and will definitely be having a few drinks in there next time we visit.The nearest tube station is about 10 minutes walk away, Kings Cross. The hotel seems to be booked by a lot of young people and is perfect to explore the city and easy to get back to after being out at night but beware if you are looking for a good nights sleep as we had young guys running about the hotel corridor outside our rooms letting off fire extinguishers at 1am, we'd only just got in so it never bothered us but for people with families or early rises this could pose a problem. The decoration in the rooms is really shabby and the corridors look old and tired and get really messy. I understand that they can't be cleaned 24 hours a day but we were stepping over takeaway cartons, juice bottles etc all the way from the lift to our room.To sum it up, if you're just looking for somewhere to rest your head after partying this place is ideal but don't expect a great nights sleep and don't expect any luxuries, book a more expensive hotel if you are looking for these!	
Apr 27 2008	Pretty Poor!	i have just returned from a university reunion in London, staying just the one night in this hotel as we couldnt get into the kings cross station travelodge. We had 2 triple rooms booked on the 4th floor. 3 of us went to check into our room on one side of the floor and the others on the otherside. To our dismay the room i had the key card to had been occupied and i walked straight in on someone elses room! we then went to find our friends to find they had the same problem, however the young lady that was staying in that room on her own came back to the room to find 3 of them sitting on her bed. She was mortified to think that all her stuff was in there and we had a room key! we all went to recepetion to complain to a very un appologetic receptionist. From then on we were worried about the safety of our belongings and on tenderhooks thinking some stranger could walk in on us at anytime! The room was less than basic, very cramped, strange smell, only 2 towels even though its a triple room, one very flat pillow each and not even a chair, i thought that was standard even for Travelodge's!In the morning, checkout was not till 12 noon so we took advantage and tried to have a lie in to only be disturbed twice by to maids trying to clean our room, surely they know if we have checked out or not! From about 8am in the morning all you can hear are the awful heavy doors banging from below and above and making the room just shake!All in all i know they are budget hotels but this one is well below travelodge standards and needs some serious attention, dont bother staying there!	
Apr 19 2008 	great value hotel	I have just returned from a trip to London with my 2 daughters and stayed at this hotel. We found that the hotel was very clean, room more that adequate (with tea/coffee making facilites - always a plus) and breakfast was of a good quality. I would definitely recommend and would return in the future.	
Apr 7 2008 	Reasonable Hotel.	We stayed here for 2 nights at the start of April 2008, during a short visit to London, having booked this hotel via its own website on an 'Early Saver' offer, on a bed and breakfast basis.We arrived early and were checked in no problem. It took a little longer than usual, as a new employee was learning, but this caused no problem to us. We were advised of where the room would be and the procedure for breakfast, and off we went to Level 2. Our room was quite a way, right at the end of the corridor (Room 231), but we found it was a corner room with two large windows overlooking a quiet cresent and green area. The room was of good, large size. There was a large wardrobe with hangers, dresser, television (no cable channels), and a large bed. The bathroom was very small, but very clean and polished. The shower curtain was in tact and the power shower was indeed powerful, and hot at all times of day. The towels were clean and changed each morning. Only downsize was there was no toiletries other than a soap.The bed was large and we found it very comfortable. The sheets were immaculately clean, and changed while we were out. We also had two bed side cabinets with lamps, which was adequate for evening lighting, when the main light wasn't necessary.The only down side to our room was that a few corners of wall paper was peeling slightly, and the curtains were coming away from the curtain pole, which did allow some street light in. Although not a major issue, it did let it down a little for us. The hotel was used by a mixture of tourists and a lot of foreign school / college parties, who I belive to be a mixture of Spanish, Italian and French, so at times reception was busy. We experienced no noise in our room though. We also found the groups had eaten breakfast and were out the hotel before 9am, so to be honest, we rarely saw them.Breakfast was adequate, with ample seating. However it is self service and the service bar area was far to small for the number of people trying to get food. There was; tea / coffee / juice, toast, yoghurt, cereal, and hot food including sausage (I found this very grizzly sausage and not nice), bacon, scrambled egg, beans, mushrooms and tomatoes. The food was hot and fresh, but ran down very quickly due to the number of people eating.The nearest Tube was Kings Cross St Pancrease station, which was only a ten minute walk away, so we found this very convinient to access the system and travel quickly around London. The Tube was very well sign posted and easy to navigate. The hotel did not keep any left luggage due to security (understandable), but there is a secure left luggage facility at Kings Cross Train Station which was ideal, as we had to check out at 11 am and our return train wasn't until 6.30 pm that evening. We also found there to be lots of cafes, shops and resturants around the hotel to grab a snack or meal. Although the area is a little run down, we felt safe at all times and had no problems at all.Overall, I'd stay here again if I was able to secure the 'Saver' rates, but feel the £80.00 + they charge per night at full rate is a little steep. We found this hotel a great base for exploring the sights of London.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good value	I booked this hotel for a great value rate. The reception was welcoming and the hotel room was a decent size and clean.I did have a problem where my window was locked in the open position. Being on street level the noise was terrible. I had to get maintenance to fix it.I did get woken up a few times during the night with people slamming doors, walking about or talking outside the building.I didn't get the best sleep at all, but it was a clean hotel for a great price so I would stay there again.	
Apr 2 2008 	You get what you pay for!	Staying at this hotel It has really made me realise that you get what you pay for. I paid £29 for one night and £49 each for two further nights and had 3 bad nights sleep. The Beds were terrible - soft like an airbed that is under inflated. They seemed to be old and had no spring left in them. Long overdue for replacement.Reception were helpful and after some persistance let us view other rooms. We looked at 6 other beds in total and picked the best of a very bad bunch but later found that even though it had a bit more life in it than the others it had horrendous roll together. On the first night we were kept awake in the early hours by groups talking in loud voices in the corridors and outside the lifts. I could hear the people in the next room using the loo as I laid in bed trying to sleep!!We slept better on the second night thanks to being so tired only to be woken early by housekeeping knocking on the door even though we put the appropriate sign on the door asking not to be disturbed.On the third morning we were hoping for a bit of a lie in before we went for our train only to be evacuated for a fire alarm about 8am. We were left to stand outside without any commumication from staff.The Hotel room was small - this I accept. The bathroom was miniscule and impracticle. It was acceptably clean.The hotel seemed to have a lot of international teenager/student groups staying. I believe this led to some of the problems we had i.e noise on the corridors and false fire alarms. If a hotel is used mainly by couples and families these issues may not have arisen. In summary I wont be using Travelodge again and will spend a bit more to get a better night sleep. I accept that the room is a budget room and space is a premium. However a bed in reasonable condition is a must.	
Mar 29 2008 	Nice decent hotel	I stayed here for seven nights over Easter. I had a nice room, however sheets were not changed the whole time I was there. Young girl at the book in counter needs more education on what there is to do in London. Guys on the desk are really helpful.Avoid their resturant if possible as it's not really nice and food was overcooked. The area is a shocker, with a begger on the doorstep.	
Mar 25 2008 	Good value good location	Although it's three months since I stayed at the Royal Scot, I am so amazed by some of the recent poor reviews that I thought it was time I pulled my finger out and wrote my own.I had an excellent, clean, good-sized room with a beautifully tiled bathroom. I also had more storage space than is usual in a hotel of this grade. Each room has tea and coffee making facilities with ample supplies. Maybe I was lucky, as some rooms have still not been renovated but work is still in progress. I found both the desk and the bar staff to be courteous and helpful. I found it only a 6-7 minute walk to Kings Cross Station, and although the part of Kings Cross Road towards the station is not particularly pretty, it is certainly not dangerous. It's just a few minutes walk to Bloomsbury in the other direction. Thus it is an easy walk towards the centre and the public transport options are extremely good. You're also only ten minutes from Islington.Although I got a very good deal when I stayed I would certainly stay again even if such a good price was not on offer.	
Mar 24 2008 	Absolutely disgusting!	I was unable to book the other Travelodge in Kings Cross so booked this place instead.The Royal Scot has always had a bad reputation, but I assumed that it had been upgraded, was I wrong!It is a total disgrace, I didn;t even have a chair in the room or a plug in the snk!The carpet was torn and frayed and the furniture was at least 30 years old.I paid £81 and would have been better off booking a cheap hotel in the streets off Kings Cross.I am amazed that anyone can say they had a good time.	
Mar 4 2008 	just couldn t make the reservation for this hotel	Hello,I haven´t succeed in booking this hotel through the hotel website, as after I gave my credit card number, the system never confirmed me the reservation.... I have never had problems with my credit card.Then I tryed to phone from Portugal to the hotel phone number, but the number doesn´t work in Portugal or outside UK...so impossible to book....I haven t succeed in having one room when arriving at the airport, as the hotel was already full fo that night.I reallt didn´t sleep at this hotel, as this hotels hasn´t give me the means to book it correctly !I stayed in a Premier Inn , and happy about the stay.So never again I will try to book a travelodge. :(	
Mar 3 2008 	Reasonable if you can get a good price	I like Travelodge chain -they tend to offer clean accomodation at a reasonable price . However this hotel has its plus points and minus points problems . It has close to Kings Cross if you need a hotel in that area and you can walk there in about 10 mins , it can be cheap -we got a room on a Saturday night for just under £50 which is pretty good value ( although we booked well ahead ). The rooms were clean as were the bathhrooms . BUT the first room we were given had a curtain that was just hanging from the curtain pole by one hook so you could not close the curtains - we were immedaitely offered another room ! The chambermaid came in at 9.30 in the morning despite us leaving a sign on the door to say that we were wanting to sleep in . She was insistant too that she was told when we were checking out - checking out is 12.00 so we were not too impressed . When we said that we would be out well ahead of the midday deadline she appeared to want a very specific time and the sooner the better . Would I say there again - probably not BUT if I was staying for a short time and needed to be close to Kings Cross and could get a really good deal I might consider it. If I could chose another hotel for the same or slightly higher price I would chose to pay a bit more and try elsewhere .	
Feb 29 2008 	Dreadfull Hotel!	Terrible Hotel, rooms were small and clean but noisy. First room we had had a screeching pipe noise every 10 minutes, next room on fifth floor was even worse - dirty, undecorated - the entire floor looked like it was a completly different hotel that Travel Lodge had forgot about!Final room we had was on third floor, better but again small, grubby and so noisey, really lound doors banging, pipes creaking and even the lift made a nosie.Staff were helpful but would not recommend this even for £30 per night!!!	
Feb 28 2008 	A happy holiday!	We stayed in the King's Cross Royal Scot Travelodge in February 2008. It is located one stop by bus from King's Cross St Pancras Underground station - about a 5 minute ride, then a five minute walk. Otherwise, you can walk - about 10 minutes. We were allocated rooms on the second floor, one triple and one twin. Both rooms were very clean, with good facilites, and the showers were very modern and in working order. It was very good value for money - in a good location (connections with the rest of London and even Paris!). There are also lots of nice small restaurants and cafés in the area.	
Feb 19 2008 	Absolutely shocking. Disgusting and vile.	I cannot begin to even touch surface on all of the vices of this hotel. Here are the top 10 reasons why you should NOT stay here.10. Beware if you need 2 rooms. They put us on two different floors at opposite ends of the hotel. I used my pedometer to count the steps- it was 450 each way to our other room! Not on.9. Rooms are small. There was not enough room to even put our luggage down.8. The hotel is actually the remnants of an old one. There are no safes in the rooms (although there are instructions on how to use the non-existent ones from the previous hotel). 7. Fittings are old. The bathroom is dirty and not very well kept. There are no phones so beware if you need to talk to reception6. The staff are horrid. They just don't care about their customers.5. The room doors are heavy and loud. They must literally make a noise above 80dB when closed.4. It's located in a VERY grungy and run-down part of town. NOT for tourists.3. It's about 1km to the tube stop. Not very convenient at all.2. Our bedsheet had BLOODSTAINS on it. When we informed the reception, they didnt do anything. We had to go three times before they took any action. Furthermore, one of our beds was BROKEN and needed to be 'inspected' before they could change it. Since we were there for only 2 nights, we figured it wouldn't be worth the hassle of changing rooms. 1. What more must I say? Don't stay here!!!!	
Feb 10 2008 	Not that bad	We arrived at the hotel early afternoon but couldn't book in until 3.00pm unless we paid a fee of £10.00, we paid it although we felt that we were being ripped off.The room was a good size for the two of us and was clean.The downfall was that we overlooked the loading area and we woken up early by the banging around of things being unloaded from vehicles.	
Jan 27 2008 	What a dump!	This hotel is appalling - do not stay! We were here for one night, 3 of us, and we had a triple roon. The space between each bed was less than 50cm. There was no room, and we were stumbling over each other. The bathroom was horrendous, im not a snob in the slightest, but when it comes to a hotel, i expect decent basics - a clean bed (mine was damp), a decent sized bathroom (this bathroom was so small the door only opened 90 degrees) and good service. We were greeted by a very unhelpful receptionist who couldnt find our booking by our names, made me pay £1 to use the internet and then found it under our address. The lifts were fulll of someones take-out wrappings, our room ont eh 4th floor was right next to a swing door which was constantly being swung open - you could get no sleep! I paid £2 for a coffee fromt he machine in the reception for there to be no cups in the dispenser. I told the staff receptiionist about this who offered me a watered down coffee from the bar - no refund!! I would not recommend travelodge at all!	
Jan 12 2008 	Fantastic Value - Spotlessly Clean Comfortable and Safe	Booked 3 x triple rooms for a family group (sightseeing and shopping with children as a post christmas treat) at the amazing £19.00 per room per night rate.We struggled to find any hotels that offered triples with 3 beds so opted for the Travelodge - and what a good choice!.Location was easy - a comfortable 5 minute walk from Kings X station - nice and straightforward. Check-in was a breeze...although busy we were promptly and courteously dealt with by a charming young man called Matthew.Security was good - no access to bedroom floors and lifts without a keycard - no resident - no keycard!Bedrooms were absolutely fine - 3 single beds, fresh white bed linen ( duvets not blankets) and warm and cosy.Good bathroom, good shower,plenty of towels - No free toiletries - but this was £19 per room between 3 of us! Plenty of free tea &amp; coffee though!Children were tired so we didn't want to eat out (or even in the hotels own restaurant) so took a quick walk back to the shops around Kings X. Bought various takeaway foods -Pizza, Fish n Chips, Subway sandwiches, Starbucks etc and took them back to the hotel.....management didn't bat an eyelid....perfectly happy for us to take the food back to the rooms! A refreshing change.Next morning breakfast was very chaotic....plenty of choice, but very very busy so had to queue for a table, but there was no pressure on you to eat up and go...the staff just quickly and efficiently cleared tables away to allow others in.Highly recommended - perfect for a clean, comfortable, no frills break in a very convenient location.	
Jan 10 2008 	Oh stop moaning you're in London!	I've used this hotel twice now. I love London, and therefore I have little need for a luxurious hotel room over looking the Thames or the Queen's backgarden. I need a place to sleep for 9 hours and then leave for the day. And this place is perfect. It's literally a 4 minute walk to the best tube station in London. There must be at least 6 different Underground lines that go from King's Cross St Pancras. There are also a few bus stops around the hotel but we didn't find that we needed them in the end, the tube was perfect.The room is fine. It's got all the basics (like tea making facilities) and an iron, hairdryer and extra pillows can be requested from reception. The bathroom is small but perfectly usable. Soap and shampoo is provided. It kind of felt halfway between clean and unclean but it was still good for a budget hotel. I don't think they vacuum under the beds too often though: I found the lid off something from a previous customer which I would have guessed would have been found by the cleaners normally!Beware that this is a big budget hotel, and I mean big. If you get a room on the opposite end of the building to the reception, expect a good 5 minute walk from the lifts to the room!Please don't use the hotel resturant, day or night. We went there on our first night and besides the fact that half the menu wasn't avaliable, it all tasted like it was cooked straight from frozen. And it was pretty moderately priced so I would have expected a lot more. Go into the city for dinner or go to the Chinese across the road from King's Cross main station. Cheap prices, huge portions; but the most bizarre waitress service ever! Stay away at breakfast! £8 for more straight-off-the-lorry food in their depressing continental breakfast. Actually, as a Brit, I was quite insulted to look around the room and see all these poor foreigners eating this rip-off tripe. It certainly did not give a good impression of British food or the UK.But anyway, my rating is for the hotel and it's sleeping facilities, not add-on extras like the resturant. I had little contact with the staff there but they were nice and could take a joke! And the cleaning staff always say &quot;Good morning&quot; if you pass them in the corridors. We didn't really notice any noise but there was scafolding right outside the window, though we didn't actually see any builders.I'm not going to lie and say it's the best hotel I've ever stayed in. But it's budget, people! It's not meant to be the best hotel you've ever stayed in! And come on, you're staying in London for £26 for goodness sake! Be impressed by the city, not where you sleep!	
Jan 7 2008 	Bargain stay	After reading previous posts I was slightly worried about staying at this travelodge for 1 night.However I can honestly say we could not fault the hotel.I booked the room for a bargain £26 some months ago during one of travelodges promotions. Myself and my husband were going to the theatre and rather than get a train there and back we decided to stay in a hotel, but wanted something basic as had no intention of spending much time in the hotel!This hotel was just that. Check in took about five minutes as we arrived promplty at 3 along with a number of other guests! The reception staff were friendly, and very helpful.Our room wa sstandard travelodge but was clean and tidy, and so was the bathroom.We over looked the car park so had no problems with noise as other reviews have mentioned. Our heating worked and we had plenty of hotwater.In the morning we opted for the help yourself buffet which was £7.50 for cooked and continental breakfast which was of an ok standard,and as its help yourself can get a decent size serving.This hotel is ideal if you are looking for a cheap bed for the night and are no bothered by the lack of frills, or on site amenities. I would definately stay here again, although wouldnt pay travelodges full price of £90 a room!	
Dec 18 2007	Cheap but definitely not cheerful	Several years ago I used to stay in Travelodges regularly and remember them to be simple but clean and smart places for travellers on a budget. Upon entering the Kings Cross Royal Scot, the first time I'd set foot in a Travelodge for ten years, I was pleased but not surprised to see a clean and modern lobby.Unfortunately, my check-in process was lengthy and laborious and things went downhill from there.Up in the room via a foul-smelling lift, the nasty curtains were broken and hanging off the rail. The window looked down onto the loading car park where lorries seemed to beep and rev constantly. The room was unclean and bed linen torn and tatty. There was no kettle, only a filthy teapot.We had booked several rooms, so went to check out another to see if it was any better. It was very warm and stuffy in there so I went towards the window to air it and what did I see but a HUGE COCKROACH sunning itself behind the curtain!After the initial shock I informed housekeeping who seemed completely unfazed, suggesting that this was something that happened a lot.The manager, when I complained in writing, insinuated that this was a problem all city hotels experienced... to his credit, he did offer me a free night in a Travelodge of my choice. Not that I was particularly keen to repeat the experience.	
Dec 17 2007	Good location but little sleep	First impression was that the location was good, the standard of the hotel pretty standard for a city travelodge. Unfortunately we were kept awake until the early hours and then woken again very early morning (before 6am), by load noises made by the hotels obviously old or faulty water/heating pipes, so only had a little undisturbed sleep. Informed reception and was asked to contact the Manager to discuss. Sent an e-mail/rang Manager, as wanted to inform them so problem could be rectified, but we got NO REPLY at all, assume if they could not be bothered to reply to us, they probably had not done anything to check or rectify the problem.	
Dec 13 2007	ok	good location- 5 mins from tube. £10 to check in early (12 noon) we phoned from the airport and the guy was quite helpful (matthew)Room ok. Needs a lot of tlc. Very noisy outside and the millenium rooms are a bit hidden in the hotel. Shower didnt work when we woke up. Think the had problems the night before - so it might of been related, but i was annoyed that I could not have a shower. Luckily it had been working the afternoon before so i could shower after 12 hours travelling!	
Dec 7 2007 	more than I bargained for	I knew it was cheap and cheerful but I got more than I bargained for, when the &quot;help&quot; helped themselves to my toiletries and hairbrush, and who knows what else! I had some lovely long black hairs to contend with on my hairbrush when I got out of the shower(my hair is short and blonde!), and I had to throw out all the stuff that I had left in the room while we were out shopping(lip gloss, mascara, moisturiser, toothbrush, etc. etc.I reported it to reception(with the evidence - hairs in a tissue), but the only response I got was that they would speak to housekeeping. When we were checking out there was no resolution, as the housekeeper in question was off. I was offered a follow up phone call, but really what good is that? To be honest I was so disgusted that I would never contemplate staying in a Travelodge again, even if they had offered me a free stay or something. Overall the place was very scruffy, and the bar was filthy with tastless beer, so I certainly wouldn't recommend it anyway.	
Dec 6 2007	Good value for money	We stayed for 3 nights - 1 night at £26 and 2 nights at £49. Great value for central London. 10 mins walk from King's Cross station and underground, plenty of cafes in area.Our room was a bit smaller than usual Travelodge, but same standard of cleanliness and decor. Bathroom OK, clean towels each day. Our room faced the car park and so was probably quieter than rooms facing the busy street. But you expect some noise in any city centre. lifts were often busy early morning and late afternoon, but this is obviously a very popular hotel. We didnt eat in the restaurant as that was always very busy. Staff very pleasant and helpful. No problems, we would stay here again if in London.	
Nov 3 2007 	Very Cramped	I booked a triple room for myself and 2 others. There was hardly enough room to put one bed in the room but with 3 single beds there was only about 10 inches between each bed. The bathroom/toilet was no better. No air con and only one of the side windows would open and then only very slightly. All a bit shoddly really.	
Oct 24 2007 	Enjoyable stay	Just got back today from London, we stayed at this hotel and found it to be very comfortable and clean. The staff on arrival were very helpful and the whole process of booking in took only a few minuets. The room was very clean and of a decent size. The room was cleaned daily with towel changes daily. On the whole the whole experience was ok. We didnt eat in the hotel but people said the food was good, the bar staff were pleasent and helpful. I would definatly use this hotel again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great for the price	A group of us had 3 rooms booked here in early September. All were supposed to be for three people, and all were at Super Saver rates of 26pd per night.All rooms were on the third floor. Two of the three were fine, the third was a little cramped and stuffy (Would not be much fun in a heat wave or middle of summer). Consequently only 2 stayed in the stuffy room and four used one of the &quot;bigger&quot; rooms.Generally the accommodation was fine. Plenty of hot water, comfortable enough bedding etc.Workmen in the courtyard seemed to kick off pretty early each morning (about 7.00am) so chances of a sleep in were not good. This was in some ways a blessing in disguise as it enabled us to get out and about.We didn't eat breakfast in, preferring to use the many little cafe's spread around the area - which worked fine as they were cheaper and probably had a better choice/value. (I can't really comment as we didn't eat in once).For the rate we paid the rooms were fine, as the old song goes, two out of three ain't bad!	
Oct 6 2007 	Enjoyable stay had by all!	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the hotel and was pleasantly surprised. We had 2 rooms, one on 3rd floor and one on 1st floor. The first floor room had been recently redocorated and was really nice, we paid £26 per room per night so couldn't complain. I have previously stayed at the Marleybone travelodge and would definately recommend this one as better. Cleaner rooms and very handy for underground, hotel bar was ok for a drink at night also. I will definately stay here again, great value if you can get a £26 per night deal.	
Oct 3 2007 	Not too bad at all	I have stayed in a lot of travelodges in a number of different locations and all have been very similar. This hotel was the same, nice clean basic room, comfy bed with air con (not sure if it worked though!) radiator, tea/coffe and tv. Furniture was getting on a bit but still worked fine apart from the wardrobe didnt stay shut! Hotel had nice comfy lounge cafe area serving nice drinks at reasonable prices. Other people in my group opted for the breakfast costing £7.50 for an all you can eat buffet but from what they said it wasnt amazing. Had to wait for hot food to come and wasnt a lot of choice but at least it was there if needed! Have stayed at the other travelodge in kings cross and would recommend that over this one due its more modern feeling rooms and closer proximity to kings cross station. Even though the royal scot was only 10 minute walk to the tube and mainline trains! Overall i would recommend this hotel especially if you can get a wicked deal like i did on their website! £49 for a double room per night in london!! cant be bad! if you book even earlier i believe the hotel does £25 rooms also!	
Sep 29 2007 	Great value for money	Stayed at this hotel for six nights 5th to 11th September 2007. Got the £26 rate which is fantastic for London, but probably a fair price for this one. The Hotel is within an easy 5-7 minute stroll from Kings Cross Station. Check-in was simple and painless and we were given a room on the top floor facing the front. Couldn’t hear any traffic noise. Room was reasonably large compared to some I have stayed in. Comfy bed – only quibble was the plastic sheet protector became a bit uncomfortable. Big bonus was the air-conditioning. Wi-Fi internet available at a reasonable cost. We didn’t have the £7.50 breakfast in the restaurant as we went down to the café on the corner and had set English breakfast including juice and coffee for £5.20. The restaurant and bar on the ground floor look inviting, but the food was very ordinary. (Couldn’t even get Nachos right! Although the sausage and mash was quite good). The bar was good but expensive. Plenty of Off-Licences near by to buy take away booze. The No.63 bus passes right past the Hotel and is handy for getting to the attractions on the Southbank i.e. Globe, Tate Modern, etc. They won’t store luggage before check-in or after checking out, but you can use the Left Luggage service at Kings Cross Station for £6.50 per bag. Overall we were pleasantly surprised with this hotel, and really, for only £26 you’re not going to get the Ritz, but it was clean and comfortable and we would stay here again.	
Sep 26 2007 	a terrible hotel with terrible customer service.	opted for this hotel because of the location and had an early start the following day. on arriving at the hotel the reception desk staff were terrible in finding my reservation. when i got to the room the air conditioning vent was broken and was leaking down the wall, something which the hotel was aware of, because buckets had been placed on the floor to collect the water. I asked to be moved to another room and was told that maintenance would need to investigate the problem first. having taken my bags with me to a restaurant for dinner, I returned to find the problem had not been dealt with. After complaining again I was told the hotel was fully booked, a short argument later with the receptionist (who had to go and ask someone else everytime I asked him a question) and they managed to find a room (miraculously!).This room was in urgent need of redecorating, but what made it worse, and resulted in me leaving the hotel and finding another hotel in the city was the damp on the walls in the bathroom and the hair left in the bed, as though the bed had simply been re-made after the previous guests had left!	
Sep 16 2007 	Allows pets - that's the best part	Based on a suggestion in a posting through Trip Advisor we booked a room here We needed one room for one night where we could bring a very large puppy that was traveling wtih us.The three best things I can say are: 1) we arrived late and the room we had prepaid for (at a decent rate) was still available; 2) they do allow pets of any size: 3) the bedding appeared clean.Those things being said the rooms are TINY. You can only get on the bed from one side, the other side is pushed up against the wall. We had planned to have the pup sleep on the bathroom floor but there was hardly any floor space beneath the toilet let alone extra for a large pup. No assistance at the desk, &quot;I'm alone here I can't help you.&quot; I had several large pieces of luggage and my big puppy and many oafs were sitting around the lobby who could have chosen to assist me but alas chose not to. Another person appeared at the desk who finally did help me to the room. We asked them to stash the large kennel we were dragging with us and they said they would put it in a storage room. It was virtually in the lobby the next morning when we went to retrieve it; could have easily been stolen.No phone, no chairs, no amenities whatsoever in the room, all in the name of saving the customer money. Breakfast wasn't available until 7 am at 7.95 pounds (pricey for a budget hotel)Rooms facing the street (which we had) were EXTREMELY noisy. We were on the 5th floor and people outside were just screaming all night - sometimes on purpose or so it seemed.Do you need a room in London near the underground in which you can bring a pet? Then this is your hotel. I would not recommend staying here on holiday for any more than one night. It is just not comfortable or easy or fun. But it serves the purpose of a place to flop for a night in London with a pet.	
Sep 12 2007	Bad experience here - thi year	I spend a few days in London with my teen daughters while travelling Europe on a budget each summer and we usually stay at this hotel. The price is excellent - if you can get the 26 pound special.This year, we got a room that had been renovated - new carpet, new white quilt covers (not the typical Travelodge blue checks) and white walls. Things were looking up. However, on our 6pm arrival, there was no power in the room. So I complained and was told it would be fixed in half an hour. We went out for the evening but on our return at 10:30, there was still no power. So I complained again and was told - half an hour. At 11pm, I got a little angry, complained at reception in a loud voice and sat there until an employee was dispatched to fix the problem! By midnight, power was restored. (It was an issue because we needed to charge camera, video and phone.)Also, if you are returning to this hotel at night from Central London, take the number 73 bus (from Victoria, Marble Arch and Oxford Circus) two stops after Kings Cross (that's on Pentonville Road). Cross the road and cut down Weston Rise... and you are outside the hotel! It took us three years to find this short-cut.	
Sep 10 2007	Location OK	Booked on-line at saver rate, but the room we got was in the basement and was very &quot;tired&quot;. After complaining we had another room issued and was up to Travelodge standard ! NO chairs in any of the rooms so you had to stand or sit on the bed! Location is convenient for Kings Cross rail station and London underground. Food in cafe is only very average	
Sep 2 2007 	Its not good!	Where to start!. Went up to London for a 2 day break, and decided to stay in a more economic hotel for such a short break, how we regretted the decision to stay here. The room was a mess, carpets which were stained, torn and in urgent need of changing, the bathroom was poor in its condition with mould and a large hole in the wall, where i presume the ventilator was once fitted. The windows were filthy, from the inside and appear to have been forgotten in the cleaning aspect. Large windows with no nets, therefore the tenants in property directly across from us, had direct visual link into hotel rooms. The 3 lifts worked from time to time! Location wise, 15 minute walk from the tube station.All in all this was not a good stay, and am waiting to hear from Travelodge on our findings, first time for us in a Travelodge and the last. You want cheap accommodation and tired dilapidated rooms, then by all means go ahead and book............Good luck.	
Aug 28 2007 	Clean and comfortable but terrible staff!	My mother and I spent a night at this Travelodge in August when we travelled to London to watch The Sound of Music. The hotel is conveniently located a short walk from King's Cross Station and there are lots of bars and restaurants nearby. The area felt safe when we returned to the hotel on foot late at night.The service at reception can only be described as TERRIBLE! We waited 20mins to check in and was then given a double smoking room when I'd booked a non-smoking twin. This was rectified after much huffing by the receptionist who claimed that it was not what I'd booked.The room itself was clean, comfortable and quiet, which was all we really required. Despite having a drawer marked 'hairdryer', there was no hairdryer and when I asked a different, but equally surly receptionist, I was told that I had to get one from reception and return it when finished. We did not take the option of the £7.50 breakfast, but went down the road to an excellent cafe called Coffee Junction (or something like that) which served a great reasonably priced and varied breakfast menu. This is a convenient, clean and comfortable place to stay in central London which is only let down by its staff.	
Aug 28 2007 	The best Travelodge in the area by far	For £15 I can't complain (ok I have about the other 2 but hey they really are horrible travelodges) this is definately the best travelodge in the area, if you must stay in one stay in this one. The rooms are nice and clean and with aircon, quite comfy. The other 2 in the area DONT have aircon by the way ~ this is a bonus. The location is good about 8 to 10 mins walking from the tube station. The only down side is the area's outside your room need updating and the outside of the hotel looks very 70's but the foyer and bar area is quite nice, so who cares. The only thing that bugged me was the kettle was disgustingly dirty, and I had to clean the bath myself before I used it but again for £15 a night I wasnt too fussed.	
Aug 24 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful	Having read some mixed reviews on this hotel I was a little dubious on arrival but found the Royal Scot to be as well equipped and comfortable as any Travelodge. The room was bright and clean, the bathroom a little small but adequate, the bed was comfortable and towels and linen freshly laundered. The bar area was welcoming and the drink prices very reasonable for London.I did have a view from my window, of rooftops and the noisy main road which kept me awake despite the double-glazing, but I am a light sleeper and used to absolute quiet,The Royal Scot is about 6 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station and a couple of minutes further from the underground and although the surrounding area is a bit run down, there is a good choice of take-aways and small restaurants within a couple of minutes walk.As I stayed on a Sunday night on a supersaver rate, this was excellent value for money but if I had to pay full price I would probably book the super-stylish Hoxton instead.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great for the price	We were very worried about staying here after the large number of bad reviews read, However we found it to be quite satisfactory. We only paid £26 a night and had two twin rooms, both were very clean eventhough the decore could do with a bit of a tidy up. One room overlooked the car park and the other was on the front by the road, windows were double glazed and we were never troubled by any traffic noise. It was very conviently located only a five minute walk from the tube station. As a base for a London weekend stay it was fine, and for the money paid would definatly go back again.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good value for Money	Stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights. I was a bit worried reading some of the reviews but needn't have worried. It's a basic travelodge without frills but comfortable enough. The room was spotless and perfectly adequate for a short stay. We only paid £26 each night and thought it brilliant value for the price. It's only a short walk from Kings Cross station, but eating places are a bit short in supply so you may be advised to eat further out. We would definately stay again.	
Aug 12 2007	The best yet for student accommodation	In September 2006 we took a group of students to London and we found ourselves booked into the Travelodge London Kings Cross Royal Scot by our travel agent. Not very inviting from the outside (pure 70ies), but what were we to expect at a budget price?Inside it proved a pleasant surprise (compared with what we had experienced on several occasions before). The reception staff was efficient and very friendly and we were given rooms on the fifth floor, along with other groups of students, which was noisy, occasionally, but what else was to be expected?Both me and my colleague's rooms were spacious enough - again as compared with previous cubicles - and there was ample space in the bathroom. The students, however, found their accommodation rather more cramped, but on the whole they didn't mind. The views from our rooms weren't exactly spectacular, but this was not what we had come for; the noise level from outside was low. Breakfast was better than anything we had experienced before and even generally non-breakfasting students took advantage.Travelodge London Kings Cross Royal Scot may not be an an individual tourist's first choice in budget hotels, but I find it ideal for our purposes - although the area is not exactly very charming.	
Jul 29 2007 	Shabby rooms but good location	We stayed here for the second 3 nights of a 6 night stay in London. On first impressions, the lobby and bar of the hotel looked good. Nothing amazing but your standard Travelodge type hotel. It was clean, modern and looked to be well maintained. We checked in and were directed to our room which was on the 2nd floor. We took the very slow, smelly and rickety lift up to the 3nd floor and set off down a long corridor. When we found our room, we were surprised to find we were back at street level. The road next to the hotel is on a slope so we were on what was really the ground floor of the back part of the building. Bit unsettling to have people walking past your bedroom window, peering in as they do so but we weren't planning to spend much time in the room so we could cope with this.The room was surprisingly tatty. I've stayed in lots of Travelodges and they are usually boring but comfortable...you know the kind of thing....matching curtains, bedspreads and cushions and boring paintings on the wall but generally clean and modern. This room was very mismatched with old tatty furniture and shabby curtains. It didn't seem very clean, but this could have just been that the furnishings and curtains etc were so old. The bathroom was the biggest shock though...a tiny, poorly lit room with no window, a smell of drains and very dirty, mouldy shower curtain. The shower badly needed replacing and barely trickled. The grouting around the tiles was black and above the sink, the mirror had been yanked off the wall leaving a huge rectangle of exposed cement. I hated going in the bathroom and would just race to get showered so I could get out of there again!There were a lot of large groups of European school kids there when we stayed and they all seemed to have free reign to run up and down the corridors screaming and banging all day and night which was annoying. I suppose in such a huge hotel you are always going to get some annoying guests but it would be good if the management tried to clamp down on behaviour which ruins everyone elses stay.The immediate area is OK, not as dodgy as some people have said. There are a lot of tourists and students around and I never felt unsafe even walking back from Kings Cross station late at night. Although I was with my boyfriend, I don't think I would have been too worried on my own either. It's well lit and there always seemed to be people around, even late at night. It's about a 10 minute walk to Kings Cross and there are lots of cafes, pubs and shops on the way. Kings Cross is obviously a big station with good tube links to the rest of London which meant getting into central London was quick and easy.I would stay there again if I got a really cheap rate but would make sure I got a different room. Judging by other reviews on here, we must have got one of the worst rooms. The staff were friendly and helpful and the location is good but if I had to stay in the same room as last time, I wouldn't go back in a million years!	
Jul 28 2007 	Not your usual travelodge	I booked this hotel for one night as I was taking my daughter to the theatre as a 18th birthday treat and travel lodges are generally the same, basic, comfortable and good value. I read the reviews after booking (I would normally do this first) but I trusted travel lodges. I must admit I was quite worried bringing my daughter to this hotel after reading the reviews, she is a very young 18 year old and was already fretting over going on the tube (her fear was because of the previous terror attacks) and I wanted her first visit to London and the theatre to be a memorable experience for the right reasons.We were given a room in the millenium block and it was awful, it was on ground level with a view of the side street where anyone can look in, I closed the curtains and kept them shut. Wallpaper was peeling off, it was dull and could do with brightening up, we hated it but decided to make the most of it as we were only sleeping there for one night and would be out for most of the time.We returned from the theatre by tube and the walk to the hotel was not pleasant there were a few drunks along the way and a few dodgy looking people which scared us both and made us feel very vulnarable but we just linked arms and walked a little faster when we arrived back to the hotel a note had been put under the door saying we were being moved to another room due to maintance problems so at 11.00pm we got our things and went to reception where we were given another room and complimentary breakfast in the morning. Our new room was on the 6th floor and I must admit it was a room that I would expect from a travel lodge and 100% better than our orignal room.We enjoyed our stay there but only because of the room change, the complementary breakfast was not the best breakfast and I certainly would not have paid £7.50 for it.I would stay there again if I was guaranteed a room like the second one, if we had stayed in the millenium room I definetly would not ever book this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great for the price	Booked the travelodge Kings Cross Royal for 2 nights over theweekend to watch the tour de france, we paid £71 per night which is good value for London, the Rooms are basic but mostimportantly clean with hot showers, a kettle and tea coffee etc provided, tho no hairdryer. The reception staff are not the happiest but we weren't there to see them. The area around was very handy with a lovely cafe doing excellent breakfast at very reasonable price for London just oppoiste, Cafe Express, newsagents, off licence, takeaways and pubs all within a stone throw. Kings Cross station is a few minutes walk from the hotel so very easy (not quickly) to get around London. I would definately stay here again.	
Jun 24 2007 	Bedbugs	Having recently stayed at this Travelodge, I discovered that about 100 of the rooms were not being used out of a 400 bed hotel, I enquired why this was and was informed by a seemingly disillousioned employee that it was due to a massive infestation of bed bugs, apparently near enough all of the rooms have been affected at some point in the last six months and the company just cant solve the problem. As a result there have been many many people moved to alternative travelodges upon arrival. I personally saw a customer moved as far out as wembley due to there being no rooms closer. I would not reccomend that you book this hotel if you wish to have a bite free stay or if you definitely need to stay in the kings cross area as there seems to be a one in four chance that you will be moved.	
Jun 16 2007	good for the price	Clean, comfortable, and a good night's sleep. Perfectly satisfactory. If I wanted any more from a hotel in central London I'd have to pay a lot, lot more!	
Jun 4 2007 	A great place to stay	I stayed at the Travelodge King´s Cross Scot for four nights. I booked a double room via Travelodge Website and paid 26 Pounds on three nights and 49 Pounds on one night. I didn´t expect very much for that price, but I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is situated on 100 King´s Cross Road, about 8 min walk to King´s Cross St. Pancras tube station with excellent connection to most parts of London. The King´s Cross area is not very interesting, but not bad either. There were pubs, cornerhops and chippys close to the hotel. At King´s Cross station there is a large supermarket (Tesco, Caledonian Road), many places to eat, ATM´s, etc. Check-in was fast and friendly. I booked all the nights seperately, but it was no problem to have the same room for the whole stay (I phoned before). We were given a room in the Millenium Section. It was more or less a ground floor room overlooking Vernon Rise, a relatively quiet street. During the whole, we didn´t have any problems with noise, neither from the street nor from other guests.The room was bright and friendly, average-sized. It had a comfortable double bed (1.40 m), two bedside tables, bedside lamps, a desk with colour TV (5 TV channels, 4 Radio channels, remote control didn´t work), and tea/coffee facilites. There was a lot of storage space in the room. The furniture was a bit older, but of a very good standard. The bathroom was quite small, it had a bathtub. I liked the large mirror that was plenty of room to put my things. There were enough towels, big and cosy and a heated tower rail. A bar of soap was provided, but nothing else. Bathroom was also a bit older, a few cracks in the tilings, but everything alright in general.A downside of the bathroom: the room was windowless and there was no ventilation, so you had to open the door while taking a shower. The room was cleaned everyday and coffee/tea and fresh towels were provided. Overall, this hotel was just perfect for our trip to London. To me, the standard of the room was comparable with 3-4 star hotels in London. It would say that that even the walk-in rate (71 pounds) would be a fair deal for London.	
May 31 2007 	vlaue	Travelodges are basic, but the room was clean and towels fresh. There is a kettle but no hairdryer.There are a couple of pubs and cafes opposite, and its about a 10 minute walk to Kings Cross or a 15 minute walk in the other direction to Farringdon station.I paid £26 on a saver room rate, so this is excellent value. Had a room on the side of the hotel, so didnt hear the car park noise.	
May 30 2007 	Great Accomodation for Price	Having been to London several times already and knowing how expensive the city can be, I went through an agent to find a decent hotel for a decent price. If you are just looking for a clean room with a bed and a working shower, this is exactly what you'll get and nothing more. I stayed there from May 24th - 29th 2007. I hope this review will be helpful to those wishing to have a great experience in London.Being a female travelling with her father, I wanted to know beforehand what to expect and was quite hesitant and scared about the reviews I had read. To make it quite clear, I did not know that most of the reviews I had read were for the Kings Cross location. For your information, the Royal Scot Travelodge may be different from the Kings Cross Travelodge which is situated close to the train station and this is not the Farringdon location. All 3 Travelodges are within close proximity and may all be known as Kings Cross Travelodges. This review is only for the Royal Scot site. I stayed in room 260 that overlooked the back of the hotel and as other reviews have already stated, there was usually a delivery truck that arrived around 7am to drop off/pick up towels. The noise normally lasted for about 1/2 hour. To be expected in a big city and really it was not such a bother as I was usually up by then getting ready. If you leave your window open you may hear voices from people down below but this didn't really bother me. As I was already warned that the area of Kings Cross can be dangerous and sketchy, I did expect and did in reality hear a bit of noise at night. As well, the doors to the rooms bang quite loudly so be expected to hear the slamming from time to time. The tv did not work that well but then again I wasn't there to watch tv. Although I did recieve the channels, the picture was fuzzy. It was just nice to have some tv on at night while reading my travel guides. The air conditioner was not working and for the first day, I simply asked the reception desk for a portable fan for the night , as it was quite warm. They also have hair dryers and irons for lending if needed as the rooms do not have these amenities. Simply inquire at the front desk.The room is small but please remember, this is not the Ritz and I did not pay for something like that and I got exactly what I wanted. The staff were very nice and I did not have any problems checking in, however, the hotel can get busy so be patient when waiting. Part of my travel package were breakfast vouchers for the duration of my stay and this was a great deal. A buffet style breakfast with scrambled eggs, beans and tomatoes, fruit, yogurt, toast, and cereal to choose from. I couldn't complain there. If you are booking through an agent, see if you can get this deal as well.There are phones in the rooms, however, they only work if you have a credit card or an accepted phone card. If you don't have either, there is a pay phone just outside the hotel.Overall my experience and stay at this hotel was great. I would definitely stay there again. My experience in London and at the hotel was further tested when I lost my purse on my cab ride back to the hotel on my second to last day in the city. I had my digital camera and cellphone in my purse along side my plane trip confirmation numbers but everything ended up well when my cabbie brought my purse and all it's contents back to the hotel and the staff informed me that it had been returned. This is really not a bad hotel for the price that you pay. The location is close to both Kings Cross Train station (when leaving the train station coming from Gatwick Airport, just make a right and go all the way down on the left hand side - about 6 minutes walk) to reach the hotel and the Kings Cross Tube station. This may be a long review but I wanted to give everyone looking for a good place to consider.	
May 21 2007 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	I stayed in room 212 on Thursday 17 Mat 2007. Check in was not available until 1500 hours, nor was baggage storage(nearest option a locker in Kings X station) available whilst we waited but there are loads of cafes and pubs in the area to while away an hour or two. The reception was a little bit slow and disinterested but it is a travelodge. Room was clean, warm, had clean towels and the bed was fine. I could not fault it. There was a lot of noise from about 8 a.m. in the back car park where someone was banging what sounded like a skip against a wall every 15 minutes. The room had a tv and the shower was good and hot.Breakfast was too expensive at €7.50 in my opinion for the surroundings so I went to a cafe. There is one accross the road from the Holiday Inn if you turn left ourside the main door who will do a fry up for €3.95.The lodge itself could do with a freshening up and a lick of bright paint but the room only cost 48 stg so whats there to complain about.If they could sort out the check in time and the staff in limbo in reception then that would bump up the rating a bit.	
May 11 2007 	Horror Show	Last time I went to London, I stayed at the Farringdon Travelodge which is about 1/4 mile up the road from the Kings Cross Royal Scot Travelodge. As Royal Scot Travelodge is closer to King Cross Tube Station, I booked it for a 2 night stay. I think it's fair to say I made an error in judgement. At check-in, we were given room 2016 in the 'Millennium Rooms' section of the hotel. The name suggested modernity and grandeur but as this was a Travelodge, I didn't have any expectations beyond something at least half-decent. The room was quite a trek from the reception desk and we joked that it was probably quicker to walk to the Farringdon branch. The distance through the labyrinthine corridors and down an eerie stairwell felt like the 1/4 mile we thought we'd save to our tired legs by coming to this hotel. Worse was to come when we went into the room which overlooked a sort of car park/courtyard (but more about that later). First, a description of the room: I say 'room' but it felt more like a tomb. An airless, smelly, oppressive cave deep beneath a mountain of concrete. Worse was to come the first time I went into the bathroom. All the oxygen seemed to have been sucked out of the air and replaced by an unpleasant odour. I lifted the toilet lid and it looked clean enough, in fact it was gleaming white. But a closer look revealed something brown lurking at the bottom, just out of reach of a toilet brush. This was going to be weird. After a terrific and exhausting night out, we made our way back to the hotel anticipating a restful night's sleep and lots of wandering round London the next day. Unfortunately, we were woken by an almighty noise outside our window at about 7.00am. Our room overlooked a car park/delivery area and a lorry came to make an early-morning delivery. This lasted for 1/2 hour or so and we couldn’t get back to sleep. On our way out later that morning, we mentioned it to the receptionist who looked bemused for a moment before assuring us it wouldn’t happen the next day. But it did. Same time, same almighty noise. My girlfriend went and complained while I tried and failed to get back to sleep. She returned, shortly after, having been compensated by the receptionist with 2 breakfast vouchers. I use the term 'breakfast' but it was an assortment of charred, greasy, lumpy bits of stuff. The croissants were stale, the juice sour, the water had a strange, unidentifiable metallic taste. It was supposed to be free, but I paid quite a high price with the indigestion that followed. There's a certain grim fascination to be found in places like this but it isn't for the faint of heart (or nose) (or ears). The sheer wrongness of the place compelled me to stay for the entire 2 nights to see how much worse it could get. I at least would have a bizarre tale to tell my friends in the pub: 'You wouldn’t believe the place I stayed in!'	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Value at £15!	We booked in the easter sale for £15 so a shed in central london would be good!I don't really know why others have complained about the area? There are some nice pubs/bars in the vicinity and i didn't notice any of the tramps or unsavoury characters mentioned in previous posts. I felt absolutely fine in this neighbourhood. It's a little further out than i've stayed before but still in walking distance of Russell Square, Oxford St and Soho.The room was basic but pleasant enough - clean and comfortable, your average travelodge. There was a problem with the the lifts, we gave up waiting in the end and took the stairs. The only other problem wasour over zealous maid. She knocked at 9.30 and was told we would be leaving at 12, she then knocked again at 10 and said she put '12 checkout' in her book. She knocked again at 11am and came in and started clearing the room around us at 11.30.Great value but if you want a lie in the housekeeping team will put an end to that idea!	
Apr 4 2007 	good value if you get a cheap price	wife and i paid just £26 for a room on a sunday night before we went on to france. really very cheap for londonroom was clean and good bathroomfriends had warned us to ask for a quiet room as some are very close to a railway station and apparently very noisy. we asked for quiet and other than doors banging all night it was quiet.	
Mar 26 2007	meh	It was Okay for the money as far as travelodges go, if you've stayed in one you've stayed in 'em all. was there for 4 nights and loved London. Stayed in room 380 and they would start drilling and hammering in the next room at 8AM, supposedly electrical work. And then one day staff disturbed me 3 times in one hour just to see if I was OK, I was like no the noise is driving me crazy, I was hung over! couldn't be moved because they were fully booked. They should have DND signs and hairdryers - EVERY hotel should! Overall, MEH.	
Mar 19 2007 	Basic- but OK for £26	Just returned from a two night stay in this hotel, (two couples). Only booked it because it was £26 per night. Overall it was good value for money, however I would not pay the full price. Very big hotel, 6 floors. Large groups of foreign tourists, who all seem to go for breakfast in groups, therefore the breakfast room was very busy and very under staffed The food was awful, the cutlery was non existant both days (unfortunately we had bought breakfast in advance at check in - or we would only have gone once) we had to ask for cutlery, and the girls was so busy it took ages. The milk we poured over the cereal was sour, and the &quot;hot&quot; food was cold. At £7.50 this is just not acceptable. On the plus side we were able to check in early 12 noon, although I wouldnt go much before this as we saw people being turned away, and they dont keep bags. Our room was on the first floor number 114 - not advisable as it was near to a second breakfast room therefore the corridor was very noisy from 7am and every bedroom door bangs closed!! Also during the night there were terrible noises from pipes banging think it was perhaps water pipes. My husband had to buy earplugs. But the room was clean, tidy, basic. The bathroom was perfectly functional with nice clean fluffy towels. Our friends who had a smoking room on the 5th floor were not happy with the bathroom as the water pressure was non existant and they could not have a shower, if they got up early and left plenty of time they could have a very shallow bath. No hairdryerin either of the rooms, however we were able to borrow one from reception. We didnt eat anything other than breakfast so cannot comment on the restaurant/bar food. Can recommend the little Italian restaurant next to the hotel, we booked as it was pretty busy on a Friday night - good service and delicious food. Not sure if I would use this hotel again, although I did like the price. Would perhaps book earlier and try to get the travel lodge at Covent Garden. Hope this helps	
Mar 19 2007 	Enjoyed	Enjoyed stay in London. Hotel was great value only get what you pay for. Found hotel clean, staff friendly overall excellant value	
Mar 13 2007 	Just OK	We stayed just one night in a double for a reasonable price close to the centre of London. We went to watch Arsenal at the Emirates stadium and it was easy to get there and back. The hotel from the outside looks pretty poor, not at all like the pictures you see on the net....BUT once inside it does improve. The reception is nice, tidy and clean and the staff were polite and helpful. The breakfast area and bar looked nice although we did not use it. After finding our room it was fine for the one night stay. I am aware Travelodge is not about luxury, I have stayed in many across the country but this one lacked..it was old fashioned not dirty but not clean to the standards I'd expect. No hairdryer, extra pillows, or spare towels.. there were usual tea/coffee supplies. There was a little leaflet explaining why all these things were not available, basically..that it saved us paying more for a nights stay which I could live with. The bed was comfortable, and room quiet. It had a TV. For one night OK sums it up, no more no less. There is a nice Italian restaurant just around the corner and a lovely pub called the 'Golden Lion' aswell.	
Mar 12 2007 	good location..wanted a hairdryer!!	We arrived in Kings Cross station and i had forgotten the map telling us wehre the hotel was so asked in the station where we were directed to the wrong one! there are two travellodges in the area! got there eventually and were allowed to check in even though it was only 12.30pm. was very happy about this. was dismayed that there was no hairdryer. i just assumed there would be perhaps my naivety. the location was good close to station and didnt seem like a bad area. lots of eateries about and a few nice weepubs. my only bad thing apart from teh hairdryer thing is that we received a phone call in our room at 5.55am to ask if we were awaiting a guestas there was someone waiting that said they were expected at our roomnumber. if we hadnt have been aware i wonder what would havehappened. so watch out for this! i wouldnt pay full price but for £26 a nigh well worth it!	
Mar 5 2007 	great value for centre of london	i found the hotel on the travelodge website myself, mother and sister were visiting london to see a show and wanted a central hotel the Kings Cross Royal Scot offered us a great price of a triple room for £49.00 we had no problems with the hotel the staff were friendly and very helpful we arrived early and they allowed us to have are room straight away the only problem we had was the otherguests on our floor who were a young crowd making a lot of noise alnight shouting and banging doors we were on the fifth floor and the phone in the room didnt connect to the reception so that we could complain but apart from that we found the hotel very good	
Feb 27 2007 	Good value reasonable location.	We have just returned from a long weekend at the Royal Scot. I booked it on the Travelodge website at £26 per room per night. Not having booked a hotel in this part of London we were a little cautious after reading some reviews. The area was fine (probably as part of the preparation for the re-location of Eurostar to St Pancras) and the hotel was less than 10 minutes stroll from Kings Cross Station.The reception staff were friendly and efficient, and we immediately felt welcome and at ease. There is a bar and restaurant on the ground floor, but we did not use this facility so cannot comment, other than to say the area looked comfortable and relaxed. An interesting 'find' was the British Library (just the other side of St Pancras Station) which, aside from a very interesting exhibition gallery, offered good food and a full breakfast for under £5.00.Our room was clean and tidy, and the usual size for a mid-priced European city hotel. As other reviewers found, the plumbing is just about adequate, but you certainly don't have a power shower.The Hotel is 'well used', and although a little untidy, offers an excellent base for exploring London as most of the underground lines go through Kings Cross. If you need to pay more than £45 per night, consider their London Kings Cross Hotel. It is nearer to the station and more modern.	
Feb 20 2007	A Bargain For £26 Per Night	I'd read about the £26 &quot;supersaver&quot; rooms on offer from Travelodge if you booked soon enough, and I really wanted to stay at their Covent Garden hotel; however, since there was no availability there for my dates, I booked for three nights here at £26 per night.I got the Thameslink rail service from Gatwick which was the closest link to the hotel. Walked about ten minutes.on arrival I was allocated room 423 which turned out to be quite roomy, comfortable, clean, en suite, with the usual complimentary toiletries etc. Fine. Breakfast was not included, so I checked the internet beforehand to find the nearest store and, hey presto, there's a Tesco about 10-15 minutes away (&amp; an M&amp;S Food store at King's Cross too). Stocked up on goodies and gin there!I found the Royal Scot very satisfactory, only about ten minutes walk from the nearest Tube at King's Cross. I did not dine at the hotel, so I don't know about the cuisine; I preferred to eat out in central London.I wouldn't pay the full rate to stay here, however if you can get it for a bargain rate, go for it!	
Feb 10 2007 	Amazingly cheap and just like a Holiday Inn - do it!	I managed to get a promotional rate here on the travelodge website and stayed for £26 per night. A hotel for that in LONDON?? Fantastic. The rooms were surprisingly nice...not fancy of course, but clean and very &quot;Holiday Inn-esque.&quot; Actually, the only problem we had was that they key cards had a tendency to stop working...but other than that, it was a fantastic deal. Recommended.Also, for those worried about the area...granted it's not the best, but the hotel is very near the station so I felt quite safe.	
Jan 21 2007 	Cheap basic accommodation	Signing up with Travelodge webside we receive offer emails, which resulted in a three night break for £15 per room per night :) This would be fantastic anywhere, but for Central London it was perfect. A 5/10 minute walk from the Kings Cross &amp; St Pancras we found this much easier than having to transport cases on the underground or buses. Nice bright hotel, a little tired, but clean with all expected amenities. We were on the 6th floor as requested and had a lovely view of St Pancras station and the BT tower.The first morning we had no running hot water, we mentioned this to the receptionist who said she would contact maintenance. On our return we had running hot water.I must stress that people were complaining, in lifts etc, about small details in the rooms, but if no-one ever notifies reception how would the hotel know there is a problem!Overall the hotel location was perfect for trains, undergrounds, buses. For the price paid - an enjoyable few days at an average hotel.	
Jan 17 2007 	disgusting	I have stayed in plenty of travelodges and never had the need to complain but this one should be demolished . The staff should all go on a re-training course on GOOD customer service. It was my first visit to the capital and most probably my last after this experience. I have housed my dog in kennels that are cleaner than this hotel and she has been better looked after!!!!!!!!!.How on earth they have the cheek to charge £70 a night is beyond me, I would of had a better nights sleep with the tramps that were dossing in the carpark. If you have to go to london you will be better off staying in nicer accomdation on the outskirts and commuting into london and it will be a lot cheaper, you have to pay a £15 charge to get out of the the carpark!! Never again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Once again great value for money..	I stayed here from Mon 8th to Friday 12th January 2007.Check-in was very quick, and staff were friendly.Double room 415 on the 4th floor, non-smoking.First impressions were good - room was clean and tidy with no obvious smell! Carpet was spotless, and the bed was covered with a light duvet, .. mattress was reasonably comfortable (although a little too soft for my taste!), There was a double-glazed window (great soundproofing!) with a view overlooking Vernon Rise.Tea and coffee facilities were provided, and I noticed that the tv and kettle had stickers on the plugs indicating that they had been electrically tested and advising when the next test was due.The bath was clean, and although the shower head needed de-scaling, it worked well and hot water was plentiful. Toilet and sink were spotless.There was a wall heater (that looked brand new), which I did use for a couple of nights as it began to get a little chilly. The temperature was easily adjusted to suit the room, so I always felt comfortable.The only thing I didn't care for the was colour on the walls! Bright orange behind the headboard teamed with a salmon pink to the side . Nice :-)On the whole I have no complaints, as I've visited this hotel several times now and I know it's not luxurious but it's fantastic value for money.Some say that the area isn't very safe for single women, but I have never had any problems walking to the hotel from the train station. Having said that, there is a number 63 bus from Kings Cross which stops just outside the Travelodge, which I did use on two occasions after 10pm.I will definitely return here again (and to the other Travelodges in the area; Kings Cross and Farringdon) thanks to the good location and price. I booked via the website and only paid £15 per night 'supersaver' price, which is excellent for a budget traveller like me!	
Jan 7 2007 	Great value	We didn't have any problems staying at this hotel - with the area, the room or anything else.We thought that the area was ok (not the smartest but not seedy either), the room was clean, comfortable and quiet, and the staff on the desk were helpful. I would suggest, though, that you don't try and go down to reception by the stairs like we did, because we found ourselves wandering along endless corridors for what seemed like ages!We had breakfast in a friendly litle cafe just along the road in the King's Cross direction, called Costa's Cafe (not to be confused with the Costa chain), where we had good coffee and croissants for just over £2 each.All in all - and because we did get a bargain rate - this hotel was great value.	
Jan 4 2007 	Not advisable for single women!	It's ok as a couple I'm sure. Rooms are basic (mine was quite shabby), bed, kettle, tv, bathroom. But you are not paying for any frills.However, I got hassled by tramp hanging about in the carpark on the way into the hotel. The hotel itself was full of really pissed students yelling all night (on my corridor) which is to be expected I suppose since they do very cheap room deals. I was trying to get some sleep and attempted to contact reception via phone (big fight in my corridor outside my door) to find that you cannot direct dial reception, they expect you to go there in person (cost saving measure) and had to use my mobile to ring an 0870 number etc. Only 2 staff on at night, undertrained and scared of troublemakers so no help.If I had been with another person it would have been less scary.	
Dec 25 2006 	bargain!	Well my girlfriend and me stayed here between the 21st and the 23rd of December. Just a short two-night stay to do a-little Christmas shopping.Well the hotel is about a 10-minute walk from Kings Cross, faster if you walk from the Thameslink station. On arrival we mistook the other Travel-lodge for this one, it’s a lot closer to Kings cross and it a better area then the Royal Scott. Anyway I went in, and was directed to the right one.This travel lodge isn’t located in the best of areas but never felt unsafe. If I was a single woman then maybe it might have been different. A tower block estate surrounds the hotel so a lot of locals live here – which might not be what a lot of people like. There are a lot of fast food places around which stay open to late and quiet a-few pubs and local shops so there’s no need to go hungry or thirsty.Check in took all of 3 minutes, 2 hours before they said you could do. As most Travel lodges do it’s a key card system that lets you in and out of rooms and past reception. 3 lifts can take you to your room.The room was a basic Travelodge room. Look on there website for the specification its pretty much spot on. The room was clean, new towels daily as well as coffee and tea. If I’m being picky the only faults with the room was the TV pay feature wasn’t available and the bathroom needed a good paintjob (it was showing its age). Having said that the TV worked fine, and the bathroom was clean and everything was working fine inside it.This was the cheapest I have ever paid for a hotel room in London. We paid £26 a night which is fantastic. Make sure you book through there website for the best prices.Please remember you get what you pay for normally in regards to hotels. My marking of this hotel reflects that. Next time I come to London I would be looking to stay in a Travelodge. Had a lot of bad surprises in other hotels and these (travelodge) seem to always be of the same high standard. The only factor I would consider is cost – if I could get a cheaper Travelodge at a better location I would stay there – but this travelodge is hard to fault.	
Dec 19 2006 	Great value for central London	Ignore the other two reviews about this being a dangerous place, some people are scared of their own shadow.. My wife and I had a Sat/Sun night there, we staggered back to the hotel sat night after a show, a good meal and gawd knows how much wine without a problem. There is a bar on the lower floor near reception which may account for the other two reviewers accounts, most probably the unsavoury types stood around drinking were guests.This hotel is having a bit of a facelift so the main reception is closed but there are clear signs directing you around through the car park to the rear entrance.... no big deal in my opinion. Check in is quick and simple, the room was clean, plenty of hot water, tea/coffee, tv with optional 'extra' channels for £6(don't bother), big comfy bed and thats it. If you want opulence book elsewhere this is a bargain basement hotel near Kings Cross, not Knightsbridge. We worked out that we spent maybe all of 18hrs actually in the hotel during a 2 night stay, if you're coming to London to see the sights and have fun this is the place to book if you can get a £26pn deal.	
Dec 18 2006 	Fantastic value for central London	Perfectly adequate facilities for a short break in London, rooms clean, tidy and comfortable. Book well ahead and can pay as little as £26 a room for familly of 4! - The area itself is no great attraction, but you are only 3 mins walk from tube station and near all major attractions. Fantastic value all you can eat breakfast, £6 each - and kids free!If you are looking for a luxury break - dont come here - but for value for money - cant be beaten.	
Dec 16 2006 	Dangerous place - I agree with the last reviewer	Because the front entrance was blocked off for decoration we had to go in by the side. This was scary. As the previous reviewer said there were lots of tramps hanging around the property shouting and drinking. This went on all night long. I saw the police there several times when I looked out my window but still these characters remained on the hotel gounds. The staff didn't seem to care.	
Dec 15 2006	Dreadful Place	Do not stay at this hotel!Where will I begin?No front entrance as covered with scaffolding so we had to come &amp; go by a side entrance. Very noisy in the rooms looking into this kind of car park area. A very dodgy area and lots of unsavoury characters hanging around making a noise and drinking. We complained to the hotel staff but they took no action.I would never stay in this place again and would advise anyone else against it.	
Dec 14 2006	Good value for money	Just a few minutes walk from Kings Cross station. Fairly quiet location. No frills but perfectly adequate. Clean. Great value for money if booking ahead to get saver rate.	
Dec 5 2006 	Not much hot water	Stayed here on 4th December 2006, paid the standard tariff of £70 per night.As with the other two Travelodges in the Kings Cross area, the noise from the traffic is intrusive, but at least you can't hear the trains at this one. Kings Cross isn't the nicest of areas, but there are enough ordinary people around to prevent one feeling uncomfortable.Staff were polite on check in.The room was clean enough, even though the wallpaper was peeling in places. The problem I had was with the hot water. The electric shower didn't work, (I assume it was electric), and the hot water pressure was not strong enough to power the mains water shower. I took a bath after waiting around 20 minutes for the bath to fill a couple of inches. The problem with the water pressure happened both in the night and the morning.The hotel appears to be a partially refurbished old hotel, so I couldn't be bothered to complain.I wouldn't stay here again, even with the cheaper deals you can usually get if you book at the right time.	
Nov 28 2006 	Not so bad	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot on 26 November for £26.The hotel itself looks like an office block, situated about 5 minutes (walk) from Kings Cross station. The bedroom and en-suite bathroom was clean and modern, however there were one thing which were disappointing:- I ordered a movie for £6 and when I wanted to watch it, I was given an error message telling me that the movie was unavailable. I had to call an external hotline to refund it from the bill, the hotel does not have the facility to do this in-house.On the whole, the room was excellent value, and in a fairly decent location at that. Simply 5 minutes walk to the tube station giving you access to the Victoria and Piccadilly lines.	
Nov 24 2006	Royal Scot Super Value Good Location	I recently stayed at the Kings Cross Royal Scot Travelodge, before and after a European tour by coach with COSMOS (also excellent value and quality). The staff at the Royal Scot were never too busy to answer a question or respond to a request, the room was clean, quiet, and had plenty of hot water (my 3 major criteria for success), and the rate was unheard of, a Travelodge special last spring snagged me these 2 reservations for the equivalent of about $50/night . . . and the second stay there were 2 of us, still only $50/night.About 5 minutes walk to the Kings Cross and St. Pancras tube stations, from which easy access to anywhere else in the city or country. A little further on is a post office, I was able to mail presents home. And a little walk more is Euston Station.The area may not look the best but other reviews rated it safe, and I found it so, even on my own at night. Near the hotel are restaurants, off license stores, little shops with fresh fruit and juice, and a friendly internet cafe for about $2/hour. Kings Cross and Euston Stations both have Marks &amp; Spencer food stores, several nights I had great fresh salads for dinner, and there was a window ledge in my room to cool my juice and yogurt for breakfast. I was able to hang hand laundry on the retractable clothes line over the bathtub, and did I mention the handy electric kettle and complimentary tea and coffee?My frugal stay left me plenty for gifts and dining when my friend arrived and we tried the restaurants. A veritable home away from home, I felt safe and treated like a queen, what more could one ask for!	
Nov 19 2006	much better	have stayed here before. Was a terrible experience. This time was forced to stay here.Much much better.Rooms have been cleaned up. Hot water and all fascilities in excellent working order (unlike last time)Overall the improvements have made this a much better budget option (unless they just gave me one of their nice rooms!!)	
Nov 14 2006 	Did the job Definately no frills though!	Stayed here this past weekend with a friend. Payed £70 each for 2 nights. No problems checking in. The room on the fifth floor was fine. Kettle, tea bags and coffee was provided. No shower gel, shampoo or hairdryer in the room (although we expected as much before we arrived there). The beds were fine and comfortable, only 3 very flat pillows were provided. The info sheet in the room said we could ask for another one at reception but it was only 2 nights so we didnt bother. There was a constant humming in the room which wasnt the heater that was there (which made even more noise when it was turned on). I couldnt figure out what it was at all but thankfully we were both wrecked both nights so we had no problems getting to sleep. We were in a room along the front of the hotel but didnt experience any problems with noise from traffic either. The area seemed fine enough. We had no trouble at all. And the tube station at kings cross was a very reasonable 5-10 minute walk down the road. Reception staff seemed friendly enough, a bit detached and extremely busy on sunday morning. The lifts were also really busy that morning too. Took us nearly 10 minutes to get one to reception.Overall, a fine hotel if you're on a budget. Dont expect the Hilton though! I'd call it a little step up from a hostel.	
Nov 4 2006 	Great Value for 26 pound per night	Stayed three nights great value for London. Comfortable beds clean sheets and towels everyday. When out and about in London sight seeing all day you don't need anything more. I read previous reviews before booking but decided to take achance and was glad I did. If you want 5 star accomadation pay for it. You won't get it her but it is clean and comforable with friendly helpful staff what more can I say.Valerie Australia	
Oct 22 2006 	good quality for price	Stayed there one night and paid £ 26 for a single room.Decent size room, decent size bathroom, clean. No frills, although I had the tea and nescafe offered in the room. There was also TV set and desk/chair.No bugs, my room was of 4th floor, security is fine and position is ok, near main train station king's cross/st pancras.There is a bathtub, a sink, toilet. Overall, it is definately a bigger room than the one you find in those old victorian buildings, very common in London. The lobby is roomy, there is a bar, but as far as I noticed, the people at the reception don't want to be bothered too much.It's my type of hotel, 26 as a special offer for semi-central london is a very good price and I can do without the fake smiles of the upper hotels.I needed my room while on business trip, but I would suggest this also to tourists that are upgrading from hostels.	
Oct 19 2006 	Recommend it	We got a good price for the triple room, so it was spacious. It's clean, not extremely close to the King's Cross station, but close enough (about 5 minutes walk. With a lot of luggage, 15/20). Good size bathroom. Friendly staff. No complaints.	
Oct 7 2006 	OK if you get a good price	The room was fine (reading earlier reviews I think it must have been refurbished) &amp; overlooked a flat roof at the back of the building so was actually fairly quiet. The reception-bar is also OK (&amp; more than you would normally find in a Travelodge) However, the area is really grotty. I walked from Kings Cross at about 10 at night &amp; was really glad to arrive at the door.I managed to book the room for £26, &amp; I think that's about what it's worth.	
Oct 6 2006 	Lucky Break?!	Reading other reviews surprised me somewhat, as I had a good experience.I have to say I am not a Travelodge fan. I find many of their hotels to be claustrophobic and tatty.This (for me) was a good hotel and presented very good value for money in the cntre of London.Unlike others my room was clean, although there was an issue with the vent in the room it didn't spoil the stay.I ate in the hotel in the evening - again quite passable and not horrendously priced. I also opted for the &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast buffet which provides more than enough opportunity to fill yourself up for the day.Every reviewer will have had their own experience - mine was ok - but I can understand others due to my own experiences of Travelodges elsewhere in the UK!	
Oct 6 2006 	One word for you - cockroaches!	London hotel prices are generally extortionate, and so it is great that Travelodge do rooms for £70 per night. However, ours was in need of some attention. Fair play to the room attendants, it was clean. But there was wallpaper peeling off, the carpets were worn, the windows mouldy and the air-conditioning didn't work so it was always boiling hot, even in October. But I can forgive most things, even the less than helpful attitude of the staff. I can't forgive the cockroaches scuttling across the foyer, only a matter of feet from the cafe. DISGUSTING. Is it a good deal for the money? Probably. But I've stayed at other Travelodges in London - do yourselves a favour and pick one of the others.	
Oct 3 2006	The group dimension	Arriving in a hotel with a bus has a strange effect on you. All of a sudden you are no longer a person let alone an individual. From now on you are a group. Travellodge has created a new dimension to this word. Basically in this dimension you do not exist, or at least not in a visual way. For travellodge this group dimension has some advantages. It seems perfectly ok to put 150 persons in a room suited for 85. Standing in line for no bread, no cups, no yoghurt and so on is perfectly acceptable in this Travellodge dimension. Although the room was ok but noisy, and the device that could have been the air-conditioning was only adding decibels to the street noise, the overall impression during our 3 nights stay was one of perfect neglect. If I am ever to return from the group dimension, en start being a person again, I will for sure avoid this hotel. The trip to London, no thanks to the hotel, however was absolutely magnificent.	
Sep 24 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever	This hotel was so bad we could not stay and left after 30 minutes!My girlfriend and I were given a room on the 6th floor and it was absolutely disgusting! The bathroom was smelly, carpets filthy, bed cover, carpet, wallpaper and curtains torn.We were then moved to a refurbished room on the 1st floor however the room was stifling and the window did not open. There was airconditioning but it made such a loud buzzing noise that it would be impossible to sleep.Stay away - even for £26 per night, it is not worth it!	
Sep 17 2006 	Good room for the price	We stayed here for 1 night after booking on the website, 2 twin rooms for £26 each. We had non-smoking rooms, clean tidy, looked newly decorated. We had room 301 and 303. They were near the lift so some noise but we were tired so straight to sleep. The Hotel is about a 10 min walk from Kings Cross Thameslink, come out of the station and turn right and carry on down the road. Looking at the reviews, I'm not sure if we have all stayed in the same hotel, maybe the other reviews are for smoking rooms, which I always find are at a poorer standand that non-smoking. Small bathroom, but it has all you need, really hot water and a fierce shower!!	
Sep 3 2006 	Bad rooms good rooms bed bugs...	I worked for a language school and they use this hotel for their students hence as the students' chaperone I was to stay there too. I've seen many rooms in this hotel - both my own and student's. Rooms are both good - it used to be a 4* hotel at least 30 years ago and there are signs of this - and bad - again because it was 4* at least 30 years ago some rooms - especially on the 5th floor is severely in need of gutting out to remove the mould patches, flaky paint, ceiling cracks and dirt... Some beds are comfy, some you would think would be more suited to being hammock rather than bed by definition. My room in the last night anyone can possibly make me stay in that hotel was infested with bed bugs. The staff made an error with the rooms and my single room was finally found after a long &quot;look around&quot; for it.I woke up the next day face and ears all over my body to my toes covered in bed bug bites (confirmed by pharmacist, doctor and apologetic travelodge staff). Travelodge staff told me I'd been given a room which was not meant to be used due to the infestion and it was a terrible mistake. I was told they minimise disturbance - i.e. cut costs - by only employing pest control every 3 months.They refunded 60 GBP and 7 GBP for antihistamines and I'm still waiting for a call 6 weeks later from the manager to apologise for their mistake, having given the duty manager all my contact details and was promised a call, and was told that they're very common in the UK and she had heard of a lot of cases since she had come to England working in Travelodge. Having done some reading on bed bugs, they actually migrate to surrounding rooms if they do not feed after a few months, so I would suggest that maybe the frequent number of cases is simply that the bed bugs are migrating to other rooms since the rooms are only treated every 3 months.For me apart from being unsightly, the itching was unbearable and that evening some of them turned into blisters - though the bites were already pretty horrendous as each bite was a red area around 3cm squared and swollen, hard and white in the centre. I went to a doctor and was given stronger antihistamines and steroid cream and no more turned into blisters.They finally calmed down after around 7 days during which I was too itchy and sleep deprived to work (the psychotic effects of literally being eaten alive are severe). 6 weeks later the red patches where the bugs bit are still there and people have asked if it is ecsema - and it's not from itching - I avoided the massive urge to itch, and even the bites that I could not reach to itch if i had itched look the same.To summarise, I would avoid this hotel at all costs, the staff were not very helpful or cooperative - when they messed up the booking tried to accuse the company of not booking enough rooms. they lost 30 packed lunches between 6 and 7am, which turned up that afternoon - because the reception staff on the morning shift did not speak english. Many of the rooms are shoddy, the service in the restaurant is abysmal (2 hours for quiet lunchtime for a party of 15)... Get a good room at a good rate and you're very lucky with a proper bargain, get a terrible room and end up scarred from bites, or get a poor room and get a hammock with mould patches...	
Sep 1 2006 	Awful check in!	Stayed in the hotel over the bank holiday weekend with my partner. When we eventually arrived (hotel was quite a way from the train station) the three couples in front of us at check in were all sent away to other travelodges in the area due to their bookings being messed up. Not a good sign!When we got served the gentleman serving us told us there were no doubles left as we had booked (three months previously) so I guess our double had been given out to a higher paying customer. We got given a card for a twin room on the 5th Floor only to find there were a couple already 'occupying' our room! After marching back down to reception we were given half of our money back and given a family room instead.The room was fine, carpet very dirty so take slippers, and the bathroom was TINY, but overall fine for a quick stay. During the night the fire alarms went off twice, once at midnight and once at 5:45am so not a great first nights sleep but the following nights were uninterupted. Area wasn't as bad as I was told so if you are looking for a cheap night in London this place will do, just be prepared to walk to all the main attractions!	
Aug 30 2006 	Adequate but...	We stayed at the Royal Scot for two nights. And really, you can't complain for 26 pounds a night. However, I'd advise one to carefully check out the shower as soon as you are booked. The shower in our room had no hot water; however, it had an adequate supply for a bath. The plumbing looked like it needed an overhaul. My son's room across the hall had a useless shower too - the taps were complicated and non-functioning - until we raised a complaint. His were fixed; ours I guess needed more extensive work. To their credit, they did offer to switch our rooms if the work was not done, but as we only had one more night to go, we decided to grin and bear it.Another thing to consider is location; it was a tad further away from King's Cross station than we would have liked when lugging suitcases. And the lobby / lounge is really smokey. We didn't have our breakfast there, although it's an option; we found a nice little restaurant called The Other Side with a great full English Breakfast for under 4 pounds.Otherwise the desk staff was pleasant under incredibly busy circumstances (and uncooperative computers!). It's an okay place for basic accommodation I think.	
Aug 28 2006 	Great for a night on the town.	We had a two night stay at this travelodge over the August bank holiday weekend. It is a typical Travelodge- an acceptable clean hotel room if all you want is somewhere to sleep for the night whilst seeing the sights in London. Book early for just £26.00 per night.It is evidently a &quot;high volume&quot; hotel and as a consequence some of the fixtures and fittings were a little worn, however it was perfectly clean. In some of the rooms, the air conditioning doesn't work properly, so if you are staying over a hot night make sure you check this out.This hotel has Wireless internet access throughout the hotel (£5.00 for 1 hour and £14.99 for 24 hours), although there is an internet cafe over the road who will let you have an Internet fix for a very reasonable 99p per hour.The area that the hotel is situated in is not the choicest, however it is perfectly safe and there are a couple of chip shops and kebab houses over the road from the hotel. The two local pubs on the walk down to Kings Cross (about 10 minutes) are perfectly fine and worth a visit for a nightcap.	
Aug 23 2006 	An awful place	This had to be the worst hotel experience I've ever had.We were booked in for one night and the first room we were given had a distinctly dilapidated feel with paint flaking off the walls and cigarette burns in the carpet and curtains.And it was small...very small.So we trooped back down to reception and got them to move us, which they did, to a room which was the same size but slightly better appointed.Unfortunately we couldn't open the window properly and in the middle of a summer heatwave with no air-con it was like an oven. So we left the door open and hoped that the air-flow would gradually cool the place down.It didn't.At around 3:00am I'd had enough and left my wife and daughter in the room, deciding I'd be better off sleeping in the car!Our visit also coincided with a crowd of Italian kids staying there who were not only noisy but monopolised the one and only set of lifts from the reception to the various floors of the hotel. There was no staircase as an alternative so if you wanted to leave your floor at the wrong time you spent 10 minutes waiting for a lift that wasn't packed to the gunnels with chattering teenagers.We skipped breakfast and fled.	
Aug 6 2006 	Clean Comfortable Cold AC - Great Value!	We moved to this Travelodge after checking out of a nightmare hotel a day early. Their website promised clean, modern rooms that are consistent throughout the chain, and we were not dissapointed. They provide clean duvets instead of the traditional nasty polyester hotel bedspread and scary brown blanket. The hallways were sweltering, which had us concerned, but when we opened our room we were greeted with a blast of very cold air! We actually had to turn the AC down a bit even though London was in the middle of a record-breaking heatwave. Our room was on the back of the hotel, and it was very quiet despite being in the busy King's Cross area. I slept like a baby for the first time during our whole vacation.The Travelodge chain has a very no-frills philosophy, so you won't find any hairdyers or toiletries other than soap, but at 66 GBP (normally 75 GBP, we booked last minute) it was a really fantastic value! And their website makes it very easy to book rooms.	
Aug 3 2006	Great clean basic accomodation	The room is full of little placards telling you how missing services (no minibar, no room service, no little shampoo bottles etc.) are saving you money. Really, I didn't miss anything. A clean room, with tv, tea and coffee, towels, soap, hanging space -- what more do you need? The bed was comfy but strangely bouncy, and the room was a little warm -- but my stay was during a heatwave, I don't imagine this would usually be a problem. We had to stand in line a little while to check-in (one of the ways they are saving money is by working their staff hard!) but checking out was as simple as dropping our room keys through a slot. The location is fairly good -- it's a 7 to 10 minute walk to Kings Cross station with excellent tube and rail connections. The area is 'slightly dodgy' but fine -- ok to walk through at night but walk briskly and don't stop to say hello. It's handy for Bloomsbury and the British museum. Good choice for the price.	
Aug 1 2006	clean and value for money	Looking at Tripadvisor and the varied review for Travelodge at Kings Cross London, it would seem like people were describing two different hotels - and I think they are. There are two at Kings Cross, the listed building by the station and the multi story office looking building a few streets away, called Kings Cross Royal Scot which this review is about.I have stayed in several Travelodge over the year, the most common being Docklands. The Royal Scot one in central London was excellent in comparison to Docklands. It was very clean, the room decor spotless. As the hotel is next to the main road this building was fully double glazed, but you couldnt open the windows, so Air Con was provided in my room. The room was shower only bathroom but again was spotlessly clean. I paid £26 for the night on their advance internet deals and was very pleased. The reception staff were friendly and helpfull, I was really surprised how good it was compared to Docklands lodge.	
Jun 22 2006	GOOD HOTEL IF ON CHEAP RATE	Well me and my girlfriend stayed here for 4 nights and found the hotel to be quite nice.Ok not 5 star luxury.. but for 26 quid a night we cant complain.I wouldnt pay the full amount per night.. but if you grab yourself a bargain supersaver then its well worth it.Its close to Kings Cross Thameslink station which is handy for getting to any part of central london.The area around the hotel was ok. Some nice takeaways and a corner shop right opposite the hotel.. which was handy for cheap alcohol and soft drinks !! Overall was a good stay for the money	
Jun 5 2006	Typical travelodge - no complaints	Stopped here last Friday, easy to find from Kings cross. Arrived 6.30pm check in was quick - was given room 410, a double overlooking the carpark away from the road so nice and quiet. Comfy bed, compact bathroom - shower unit a little rusty but worked fine. Plenty of storage and the usual Travelodge tv, kettle etc...Did notice a lot of mildew on the bathroom ceiling but this didnt effect me in any way.Didnt hear my neighbours but the wall/door to the room must be very thin as i could hear people talking walking past in the corridor! I slept well as I had spent the day travelling/walking/sightseeing - light sleepers might not sleep too well?The bar and reception area are clean and bright - i didnt use the bar and never eat at Travelodges as im vegan so go to the juice bars for breakfast! there are a number of cafes on the route to Kings cross that do cooked breakfasts. I got cold drinks from the off licence opposite (open til 11pm) Travelodge staff were friendly and helpful.I found the area to be quiet - felt safe as a single female traveller.I wouldnt pay the full amount for this hotel - but the £26 rate is very good value for London so at that price I am sure Il return.	
Jun 1 2006	Horrible Hotel	This trip was for myself and a group of friends for our birthday. However, it was not a good hotel at all. The windows are restricted, air conditioning does not operate, bathrooms are really small and no ventilation in the bathrooms. Overall we did not spend the night in the Travelodge. Please think twice it you wish to stay at the Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot.	
May 31 2006	Great time!	Travelling up I was bit nervous about staying in a Travelodge in the centre of London. But luckily I had no reason to be nervous. The first impressions of the hotel are very good. The reception area and bar/restaurant are very modern and look very classy! We stayed on floor four of six but that was no problem because there are 3 lifts in the hotel. Location is brilliant you are about a five minute walk away from the Kings Cross station (Underground). There are a few nice restaurants alongside the hotel... I recommend the Matertranio... Very nice! Or if you’re just after a take away there’s a KFC and McDonalds just around the corner.The staff were very friendly offering as much advice as they could; the barmaid was a laugh and always had a smile on her face!The hotel rooms are ample, a nice size, TV, shower etc all you really need for a city break. We had a room next to the road and did not have a problem with traffic noise!All in all for 26 pound a night you are getting more than a good deal... I would pay 60 + to go back. I am already looking forward to going back!Go for it! You'll have a smashing time! LONDON is brilliant.	
May 21 2006	Excellent Budget Choice	Myself and my partner stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of May. After reading the review regarding the rat, I was very tempted not to go, but we had booked through the travelodge website and got the £26 per night rate, so if we cancelled we could not get our money back. When we got there I was so glad that we had given it a go!Following advice from a previous review, we exited Kings Cross Station by the Thames Link exit and it was less than a 10 min walk to the hotel. Check in was quick and trouble free. Our room was in the millenium section and I'm not sure if it was newer than some rooms or had been refurbished but it was really nice. I admit I did check under the bed for a rat but there was no need!The walls must have been very thick as we heard no noise at all from other guests. My only slight complaint would be the traffic noise in the morning, but we were up early so it did not affect us. The room was clean, as was the bathroom and it was definitley the best Travelodge I have stayed in. They do serve breakfast but we opted to try out a nearby cafe (The Station Cafe I think it was called) where you got a full breakfast with tea and toast for £4.00.For the price of £26 a room per night in London, this hotel was an absolute bargain with the added bonus that the Kings Cross station has links to nearly all the tube lines, so you had a direct route to wherever you wanted to go. I would definitely book to stay there again.	
May 15 2006	Excellent value	The hotel can be booked on the web for £26 if that tariff is available. The reception area is new and check in was fast and efficient. The room was clean and quiet. This is my third stay here and each time has been good. I have however had breakfast at a cafe of my choosing.	
May 3 2006	Very Good Budget Choice	We stayed at the Travelodge Islington, now called the Travelodge Kings Cross Royal Scot, on two separate occasions: April 16-19 and April 25-28. We had booked at the 26 pound per night rate that can be found on the Travelodge website. The regular rates through their website range from 60-70 pounds. The 26 pound rate is outstanding value for the room and amenities, as well as location of this hotel, and it would be hard to find a better room for the regular rates.We had rooms 203 and 206 for our two stays. Both had an ensuite bathroom with a tub-shower unit, twin beds, a TV with basic channels and with the option to purchase further channels (which we did not do). There is a phone that requires a credit card swipe for use--we did not use the phone as we had a mobile phone. The beds are covered with duvets, and the duvet covers as well as the bedsheets are changed daily. There were extra pillows in the cupboard. We received a large bath towel each as well as a smaller towel. As is typical in British hotels, there were no washcloths. Room 206 overlooked the inner courtyard, which contains parking spaces. Though we had the window open, we found the room to be incredibly quiet as was the hotel generally. Room 203 overlooked Vernon Rise (or Road, I so not remember). There was a double window, and with the windows shut there was no street noise. Vernon Rise has almost no traffic. We could see King's Cross Road and Penton Rise from our window, but could not hear the traffic.The hotel is a purpose built structure of 1960s or so architecture. The lobby of the hotel is new and comfortable and is attached to the bar/restaurant. There was no smoking in the looby or the restaurant, though people smoked on the stoop outside. Check-in was quick and easy on both occasions. We arrived an hour ahead of the check-in time on our first stay but received a room right away. There is no baggage check in the hotel, so it is wise to double-check room availability if you intend to arrive early. Otherwise, King's Cross Station offers baggage check. We tried the bar, which was pleasant enough, and the restaurant menu looked reasonable--one could eat a simple meal there, but there are pubs and restaurants nearby that look good too. Once through the lobby, we found our rooms by taking one of three elevators. The elevators are small and we could not figure out how to use the stairs to get to the lobby, so there was the odd delay in getting off our floor at busy times. The elevators work fine but are a bit scratched up. The second floor hallways look a bit worn but look quite decent all in all.The rooms were clean and reasonably maintained. Some of the woodwork was scratched and in places the wallpaper was loose. The bathrooms were clean, though could have used a more thorough dusting. There was a touch of mildew in one of the tubs, but the other was spotless. There was a large heating and cooling unit on the wall, which we did not use.The hotel is an easy ten minute walk from King's Cross rail station. We walked down Pentonville Road to King's Cross Road, which we followe right to the hotel. We also exited King's Cross Tube station through the Thames Link station (just follow the signs for Thames Link), which exits right on King's Cross Road making the walk a bit easier. We also accessed the hotel from one of the bus stops on Pentonville Road (second stop from King's Cross station), and went down Weston street--a mere 3 minutes or so to the hotel. Alternatively, the hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Angel tube down beautiful leafy streets. A number of buses pass close to the hotel, and the 63 goes right by. The area in general felt very safe. The street in front of the hotel is busy-ish, but behind are nice residential streets that receive almost no traffic. The park in Percy Circus right behind the hotel is quite lovely.Overall, for the 26 pound price we found a bargain, I don't think there is a better deal to be found for the money. Yes, there are a few rough edges here and there but I found them to be no more than what I have experienced for 100 pounds in other London hotels. So, the regular rates are quite reasonable too. If you book here expecting a five star hotel, then this is not the place for you. If you book expecting value for what you pay, and a clean quiet hotel, then you will be satisfied. I noted on check-in that one patron wanted a room change, which was speedily accomplished. I know there are negative reviews below, but I honestly have to say that we were very pleased with the hotel. We got more than we expected and the price was quite palatable.	
Apr 20 2006	not bad at all!!!!!	Having read some reviews on this page, I was a bit concerned of what exactly to expect from the hotel room and specially from the area, considered by some of my London acquaintances as &quot;sort of rough&quot;. But I must say I was very pleased with what I found (specially having seen some pictures posted here) the room was nice looking and very clean, comfy bed, good shower, a small electric keetle, tea and coffee available. only problem: some guests (all brits!) were very loud, arriving late in the night with a big noise... I didnt have breakfast there (found it a bit too expensive and besides, was not soo keen on having a GBP 6.50 all-you-can eat brakfast, but many people have it... there are 2 supermarkets close to it (a tesco at caledonian str.) and several small shops where you can have a nice breakfast too..... as for the area, king's cross is not that horror some people have told me, but I must say the only time I walked around in the night was when I left the hotel, so maybe I was lucky.... another good thing, is that it is quite central, with buses to many tourist attractins in the city (if you have time to a bus ride - otherwise you can take the tube, a 10 minute walk from the hotel). PS: The hotel has a new name: it is TRAVELODGE LONDON KING'S CROSS ROYAL ASCOT	
Apr 17 2006	Honestly not that bad!	Having booked the Travelodge Islington (or Royal Scott as it is now known) for 5 nights I was panicking having read some of the reviews on this site.The truth is that this hotel is absolutely fine as a base and somewhere to rest your head. I stayed here with my husband and 7 year old son and we all found it to be clean and handy to the tube station at Kings Cross from where you can get anywhere you need to go.Had I paid the full room rate I may not have been so impressed but we paid the special rate of £26 for the room per night so the fact that it was clean was enough for me!!The hotel is quite noisy - the doors automatically slam and it's a bit shabby with the carpets a bit threadbare in places etc but truthfully it was totally fine so long as you don't plan to spend too much time in it.As for the reviews slating the place I can only think that they must have paid a higher rate for their room than we did........!	
Apr 2 2006 	A minimum standard should be set!	I cannot agree more with the comments from the construction worker who took some pictures of the hotel room. They are the best evidence.As previously posted in this forum, I stayed in room 527 which has a rat and then moved to 53x which was freezeing. Staff were either poorly trained/ worked overtime/ lack of support (i.e. lack of staff).I have to say they offer very cheap rates but only in advance and on-line directly. The walk-in rate is £65 (which is not cheap) and if you book with an agent or something, you will definitely not be getting that type of cheap rate.It is definitely an embarassment - the entrance and dinner area look nice - but as soon as you walk towards the lift/ corridor, you see the reality. Yes in some ways one can't complain more if you only pay £26 and get a room and a clean bed to stay for the night, but if you are not paying the cheapest rate, then think twice before booking it - especially during winter time as the old-aged heater do not work, and also check-in early so there are spare rooms available should yours have rats/ flooding in the bathroom.It is not simply a coat of paint that is required... but a total refurbishment. I don;t understand how they think they can get away with this poor condition and poor customer service.	
Mar 31 2006	a word of caution	Being a contruction worker, and work away from home most of the year i have stopped in a lot of budget hotels in my time. This hotel is the most untidy grubby hotel i have ever stopped in. You could imagine my wife's face, when she opened the door to our room after telling her for weeks that i would never take her and the kids (3 and 2yrs) to a dump, as she had her doubts as it was only £26 per night.The beds where clean and that was the last of the good points on the room. There was mould in the bathroom, on the windows, the ceiling. We had a electric fan heater for heating, there was holes in walls where pictures should of been, and The wallpaper was falling off above the windows. i think i will leave my photos to do the talking as iam getting very mad just thinking about this place.i hope my photos put a picture to simalar reveiws to mine. p.s where the people staying here who gave raving reveiws of this hotel staying there in the 60's as i guess this was the last time it was modernised	
Mar 30 2006	Excellent value	After reading the reports of this hotel I didn't know what to think. They were so varying. Anyway I'd got it on an offer for £10 a night 27- 29th March. We arrived about 4pm and was greeted by a nice receptionist. I asked for a quiet room as several reports said the hotel was noisy at the front, so she said she'd see what she could do. She said she'd put us in a &quot;millenium&quot; room on the 2nd floor (Room 2001). It was sited at the side of the hotel and was really quiet. Loads of wardrobe and drawer space, not that we had much luggage. The heating worked and the shower etc. Yes it was strange - still no pillowcases! The pillow covers were clean but I still put a towel over it just in case. We used the restaurant on the site £6.50 for an all you could eat breakfast which we thought was good value. Yes you could get a breakfast cheaper across the road but by the time you added toast and coffee to it wasn't really cheap. Plus there was coissants yoghurt, fruit cereals etc juice as well. We ate in the hotel one evening which was fine but had a lovely italian meal in a resautant called &quot;casa Mamma&quot; near to Kings cross station on Grays Inn Road. Main course, wine and coffee £30 for 2 which we thought was good value as it was really nice. They were even turning away people by 7.30 - not bad for a Monday night. Anyway all in all we had an uneventful stay and speak as you find I would stay there again - particularly if I could stay for £10 a night!	
Mar 20 2006 	Free RATS with cheap rates -NEVER AGAIN !!	With rats as your neighbour - NEVER AGAIN!!!Travelodge offers very attractive rates for hotels in central london from as little as £26 if you book on line early in advance. But you will have to pay for it somewhere.I stayed for 2 nights in January 2006 (not consecutively). The first night was ok although the room was old - given the price I paid, I couldn't complain more. But there was definitely an attitude probelm among the staff and most of them didn't give a damn about anything. While i was checking in, there was another couple panicking in the lobby as water was leaking in their bathroom - it was more like flooding to be precise. However, the staff &quot;in-charge&quot; was on the phone and so in the 10 minutes + that I took to check-in, nobody did anything and the water continued to flood.I got the impression that &quot;changing rooms&quot; was very common in that hotel and the staff were very used to it. They believe that as long as the room is changed, it will be fine - there's nothing to panic or to apologise about.I can confirm this when i stayed for the second night. I chose the same room as it was a quiet room. At about 1am, I saw a shadow in my room and then I realised it was a RAT!!!!!!!! It escaped to a hole in between the wall and the floor!!!!!!It was absolutely disguisting!!! I phoned up the reception to report this and requested to change room (bear in mind you cannot phone up the reception from the telephone in your room e.g press 0.... you can only call from you mobile if you have their reception number in advance). It was after 1am and in my pajamas and I was told to collect another key from the reception. No apologies whatsoever... I told the guy that I was in my pajamas and given I had to check out the new room, it would be better for him to bring up the key and show me that room first before I decided to accept it. I had to persuade him to do this. When this staff turned up, all he was interested in was whether it was a rat or a mouse. He didn't apologise. In addition to that, the old-aged radiator/ air cooler (at least 20 years old) doesn't work. The rat room had a new moveable radiator (something i use at home) but the other room which i moved to later hasn't got one- so after moving from the rat room, I was very cold for the rest of the night.I have stayed in various Travelodge for 4 times in between Oct 05 to Jan 06. Once I was offered some uncooked food (uncooked sausages) in Worcester Travelodge as the staff was in a rush so that he can watch the X-Factor final; woken up by cleaning staff before 9am in Covent Garden Travelodge although there was a sign outside my door clearly said &quot;Do not Disturb&quot;. I thought those are minor but with the rat in Islington Travelodge, this left me with no option but to put this on-line to let everyone know.Do you know why for most Travelodges in their offical web site only the external pictures are shown? (i.e. no bedroom pictures?) It is because the condition is appauling. I am not saying it is not clean but they are like hotels that have not had any refurbishment for over 20 years. You would be lucky if you have a new radiator in your room as all the old ones do not work.I chose to stay in Travelodge for the obvious reason because it was cheap to purchase on-line in advance. But after 4 stays and with 3 ridiculous experiences, there is no way I would stay another night with Travelodge again.One final note is that I phoned up Travelodge head office trying to find out which Travelodge in London was new (i.e. at least refurbished over the last 2-3 years) so that there's less likely to get a hole in the wall... I was told that Islington was new!!!!!! Can you believe that!!!! Yes the reception and the canteen are but certainly not any of the rooms/ corridor....Never again	
Mar 11 2006	great stay at travelodge islington	We have just returned home after staying 5 days. The room we had was a little small, but not for London.It was very clean and the bed was very comfortable and clean, which is all you want after a busy day sightseeing!The shower was great and the room was nice and warm.All the staff at reception and in the restaurant were very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was very good value.It is a good walk from the tube but buses pass the door.It was very busy at the weekend, we had to wait for several coachloads of students to leave the restaurant before we could get a table, and the noise at night was sometimes too much. But this is a budget hotel and popular with the overseas student parties. This did not spoil our break at all, and we are both retired people used more to a quiet life!!We would certainly use tis hotel again, it was great value for money.	
Mar 6 2006	Travelodge at its worst!!	I have stayed in many Travelodges up and down the UK and this one is defiantly one of the worst !!On arrival to London, i rang the Travelodge helpline to ask them for further directions to Travelodge Islington!! 3 TIMES the helpline directed me to Kingscross travel inn, the only person who gave me correct directions was the lady at Travelodge Kings Cross - and also if you try and ring Islington Travelodge direct - they connect you to Warrington.After a walk of 1hr 30mins (that should have been 15mins walk maximum) - walked into a very busy, disorganised reception!! I work in a hotel in the Peak District and i have never quite experienced anything like this:The hotel steps were littered with, takeaway papers, cigarette butts and beer cans (very welcoming) - reception was staffed with 2 members of staff - while around 50 people tried to check in.After a long wait and a very rude, over worked reception lady, i was directed to my room on the first floor and advised to use the lifts, of which the hotel has 3 - the first lift does not stop on the 1st floor, the second lift does not stop at reception and the 3rd lift was stuck on the 4th floor. We took the stairs and after watching several people climb out of the lifts during our stay by forcing the doors open - i would advise the stairs to anyone who stays!!The room itself was clean and everything that you would expect from Travelodge i have no complaints here. Although the window was 7 foot from the ground and consisted of a slit about 2 foot wide!! but after all we were in a city, this wasn't really a problem.Sunday morning came, 7am the fire alarm sounded, it stopped after 30 seconds so my partner and i stayed in our room, but, i counted a total of at least 20 times that the alarm sounded between 7am - 10am that morning, not only do i consider this to be extremley dangerous as everyone ignored the alarm - it was also extremely annoying!!!I left London feeling disappointed with Travelodge, they obviously are making cut backs to be able to afford their £26 room offers, but this should not be at the customers expense!! i will not stay again and i have written to Travelodge and i await a repsonse.....One very disappointed customer.	
Feb 15 2006	Excellent- Travelodge Islington	my gf and i just lodged at the Travlodge Islington during the weekend of Feb.12th, 2006. The experience was great. GOOD= The room was comfortable, located off the main road so not much traffic noise at night, nice eastern-european reception lady, nicely decorated, comfortable mattress, adequate closet space, heating/AC available, towel heating rod, AMAZING rain-style shower head, tons of hot hot water, anonymous and not in-your-face, NO CURFEW, delicious fish'n'chips store across the street, liquor store across the street, check out is 12pm which is great, BOOK 7 days before u check in and u get the room for 26GBP otherwise its 65GBP. BAD= very narrow hallways/doorways in the building which makes it difficult to roll in large luggage, electricity for the elevators was out on one day so i advise you ask for a room on the lowest floor possible when checking in, hotel is a bit of a walk from Kings Cross Station about 15mins (Travelodge Kings Cross is closer to the station but this travelodge is on the main road and much closer to all the construction happening at Kings Cross after the subway bombings)	
Feb 13 2006	Recommed this hotel totally.	Just back after a weekend in this hotel and would have to contradict the previous negative comments/reviews.We had no problem at check-in staff were very helpful and efficient.Rooms were small(triple) but clean,bathroom and shower no problems.Ate in the bar on both nights and the food was very good and very well priced.Bar staff were very friendly and helpful.Tube is 5mins away and cabs pass the door regularily.We went to Islington both nights and walked home both nights.To the hotel from Islington high street is 15mins max.We were a group of lads and I'm not sure I'd want to do the walk with just myself and my wife.Thats not to say we saw any trouble.One complaint I had was the chamber maid on the last morning.She came into the room on 3 occasions from 9.40am on.On the 3rd occasion about 10.20am she tried to tell us that check out was 10am so we politely told her to go away and not come back until after 12pm when we would be gone.Absolutely I would stay there again.Finally I've found value for money in a hotel...	
Dec 14 2005 	Never again!	Stayed for one night and paid £65. No hot or cold water until next morning and then it was brown! In room heating broken (not great in December).Cold shower. Mouldy shower curtain and bathroom ceiling.Half the curtain missing. Was due to stay there again but have now cancelled booking.Good location doesn't make up for poor hotel.	
Dec 9 2005	Bargain!	The people who complain about this hotel deserve a big slap. They forget that this is a BUDGET hotel that charges BUDGET prices. When I pay Budget prices I expect budget service, and the Travelodge in Islington delivers on all such expectations.The location is excellent, short walk (if you turn right......) from the tube station. It is certainly not a dodgy area - though it is a big stretch of imagination to describe the location as being in Islington.Reception is a bit manic, no check in until after 3pm - but this was clearly stated on the website, along with the fact that they do not offer left luggage facilities. Rooms are spotless - though lobby area could be described as grubby.So would I recommend the Travelodge Islington - most certainly. If you want luxury however, dig deep in your wallet and book the Ritz.	
Dec 6 2005	ok lowest priced hotel in london	You get what you pay for - I have stayed here 3 times in the last year and the first time was great. Very reasonably priced with breakfast and a locked room for your luggage - then they changed. It became more expensive and you then had to pay extra for breakfast, they would no longer store your luggage and I hate their reception area. There is no queuing system you just all stand around this large square and wait for someone to see you and hope. However the rooms on the whole are clean and good, limited noise and pleasant. Close to Kings cross but not too close.	
Nov 30 2005	Surprisingly comfortable at Travelodge Islington	We arrived at the Travelodge around 6:00 p.m. on Monday, 21 Nov. I had to wait at least a half hour in a very smokey lobby. There were always 2 receptionists working, and sometimes a 3rd would step in to help.When I finally made it to the counter, I was greeted with a very pleasant young lady. She immediately found my reservation, filled out the paper work; had me sign; and informed be of the breakfast options if we were interested.I had booked the room via the internet, receiving only a paper receipt, and no personal contact with anyone. I had been concerned by some of the reviews, but my check-in went quite smoothly.Our room was on the 3rd floor. One must enter a security door with the room key, in order to reach an elevator.Then, there are several sets of firedoors in each corrider. One uses the same security key to open the room.The room was surprising large, and quite clean. It was cold, and I had a bit difficulty with the heater. I complained the first night, but no one ever came. the heat did begin to work after I complained, however. The window wall definitely leaked cold air. Wear your woolies!The third night the room was quite warm, so there must have been some sort of problem with the heating system at first.The shower was powerful and hot. There were plenty of towels. Only small soaps. No other amenities. But, I knew not to expect any.We chose a non-smoking room, and I am extremely sensitive to smoke. The room simply did not smell.The walls were brightly painted with high ceilings.The beds came with duvet covers, but, surprisingly, no top sheets. Plenty of pillows.Overall, I would say that the room was excellent for our purposes. Our card was never charged until I checked in, and I had no problems with the room.A warning about the phone: there were charges for outgoing and incoming calls. I found that to be quite unusual. All of the charges are posted right on the phone.We opted out of breakfast, choosing to stop at some of the local breakfast shops on Gray's Inn Road.Since we really only slept and showered in the room, I was quite pleased with the accomodation. We paid 50£ per night for 2 adults and one 15 year old.Also, I did not find the Travelodge to be in an unsafe neighborhood. It is in a city area, but I did not see anyone lurking about or looking shady.	
Nov 12 2005	Liked the Travelodge London Islington	I have just returned from staying at the Travelodge London Islington and have to say that it was reasonably priced (£50 a night for a triple room). The hotel is about 8 minutes walk from Kings Cross train station. The room was ok with plenty of space. It had a television, telephone, air conditioning and tea/coffee making facilities. I didn't eat at the Travelodge, so can't comment on the meals (except to say that I saw meals being served that looked quite good). The bar was reasonably priced. As to comments about it being an unsafe area, I never felt under threat when walking about the area at night. It is quite handy for public transport (a bus stop is close by). If using public transport, you should consider buying daily tickets (£4.70 after 9.30 a.m.) from Kings Cross station. The tickets can be used on buses, the Underground, and trains. Overall, I would recommend this hotel (especially if you can get a deal on the internet.	
Nov 8 2005	Loved the room Shame about the staff!	We recently stayed in this hotel for my birthday and had booked before we read the reviews (the BAD ones!)After their online bookin system crashing we were given a fax confirming we had paid over the phone upon arrival (7.30am) we were told in a rather cheeky manner from a person on reception who by the way spoke little english that we would have to go back at 3pm (Note the internet site read 12pm) to check in, we were then told we couldn't leave ANY luggage! so off we went at half7 in the morning with 2 heavy suitcases to try and fill up the time. After some blistered fingers and hands it was finally 3pm! WOO! not fantastic we then waited 10minutes in a queue to check in only to be told we were in the wrong queue!!!! Eventually I was seen to by another jumped up male receptionist who again spoke little english after witnessing an argument between the 2 receptionists i was finall 'helped'. After 30mins at check in and close to breakin point of to the room... A single bed wen we had booked a double room back downstairs i went and back up to a twin room! Now close to loosing the plot i went all the way back down to reception waited in the queue were i was met by a really friendly receptionist, expectin the worst i made my way up to the room to be greeted by.. A huge room with a gorgeous double bed and a bath/shower! The room and housekeeping is fantastic but if u don't mind being treated like an idiot and staff who argue with you then this hotel IS THE PLACE TO BE!!!	
Oct 8 2005 	Surprisingly good 	Having experienced a horrible night in another hotel (NOT Travelodge) I feared the worst, however, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was clean, smart and well-appointed with air-conditioning, TV, telephone etc. The location is 5 minutes' walk away from Kings X tube, which will connect you with Hyde Park Corner in 10 minutes &amp; Heathrow Airport in approx 60 minutes. There is a nice Italian restaurant virtually next door &amp; the hotel has quite a nice restaurant too. My stay at Travelodge Islington was made extremely pleasant by Aleksandra, the Manager who went out of her way to be friendly and helpful to me. She is a warm, genuine and sincere person who clearly enjoys her job, which she does very well.I really appreciated this hotel. I have no hesitation in recommending Travelodge Islington to everyone as I have stayed in places five times more expensive that were not as good.	
Sep 29 2005	Great value for money	One of the most pleasant hotel I have stayed in in London.Excellent location (3 minutes walk from Kings Cross station).Room with air conditioning, nice and very clean.PS : the hotel policy is to refuse to keep yout luggage after 12.00 pm ! So if you have to catch a plane in the evening you have to find another way to keep your stuff...	
Sep 27 2005	Ok for £28	There are 2 travelodges very close to each other, this is for the Islington on kings cross road.PRICE:Stayed here for £28 a night (double room)which for London was cheap LOCATION: 5 minute walk from Kings cross station. Run down area, the type with boarded up shops and kebab houses we didn`t feel entirely safe after dark so got taxi back on the 2nd night .STAFF : Ok, but insisted on booking in a coachload before us even though we were there first .ROOM: shower head loose from wall, air con not working, sink partially blocked ,bed noisy and uncomfortable in fact a general feeling that the room was unloved. However the room was clean .SUMMARY: plus points, £28 a night (special offer) ,5 mins walk from a tube, travellodge chain, clean bed , nice resident bar open untill 1 am .Bad points, the worse travelodge I have ever stayed in, lumpy bed, scruffy, needs a coat of paint, not in a nice area. A taxi from bond street to here was £8.50 so not bad if you don`t fancy the tube/ walk after dark.STAY AGAIN: No, but if I only had £28 to spend then I would then , in fairness nicer hotels will cost a lot more. Probably ok for a lads weekend away but didn`t impress for a romantic weekend.email me with questions. ---	
Aug 24 2005	Excellent value	Stayed ath the hotel and found it to be one of the most pleasant I have stayed in in London. It is an excellent location (two minutes walk from Kings Cross) , and our room was amazing - really large with a sofa and view onto Kings Cross Road . The bar prices were OK , but for braekfast you would be better taking the cheaper option and getting an all day breakfast in one of the local cafes for half the price they are charging .	
Aug 20 2005	This hotel is not in Islington	Colleagues &amp; friends have booked into this hotel on the understanding that the Islington in the name means that it is actually IN Islington - either up at the Angel (as are Jurys Inn &amp; Hilton) about a mile away OR that the Kings Cross Rd address means that it is one of the good value hotels on the KingsX section of the Euston Rd or part of the KingsX state-of-the-art regeneration area.Alas No, this establishment is tired old hotel, close to Percy Circus (charming bit of London residential architecture), on the Kings Cross Rd - heavy traffic, few ammenities &amp; a good 10 minute walk to the KingsX tube/rail &amp; buses.Their comments have been that it is tired &amp; past it's best. Travelodge have taken itover relatively recently &amp; so it may improve.The newer KingsX hotels will be in Grays Inn Road &amp; York Way	
Jul 5 2005	comfortable stay	Paid £45/nightHad no complaints - room was clean, staff were courteous even had air conditioning in room which was a blessing!Breakfast well worth £6.50 though slow at refilling Nearest tube station Kings Cross but Thameslink easier as less roads to cross at rushhour, probably not the best area to be alone in after dark but it is a major city	
Jun 19 2005 	Disgusting 	I recently had a job interview in London and the company arranged for me to stay in this hotel the night before the interview. Firstly, it is not in the nicest area of London....I agree with some of the other reviews about the 'dodgy' location, especially if you have small children.When I arrived at the hotel, I thought it looked alright. I have stayed in many travelodges before and I mistakenly thought that 'you couldn't go wrong' with a travelodge. How wrong I was! I was informed when I checked in that my room didn't have a shower like i'd requested but it had a bath instead. I was quite annoyed because I needed a shower before my interview. The receptionist allayed my fears by telling me that there was a 'shower head' in the bath, so I was prepared to let it go (after all I wasn't spending MY money on the room!)After I arrived in my room (on the 6th floor), I was a bit disgusted by the grime and peeling paint in the bathroom. However, this was nothing compared to the absolutely disgusting sight of the pillows in my bed. Firstly, they had no pillowcases on them, and secondly they had pubic hairs sticking out of the fibres! Yuck! They blatantly had not been changed. I checked the cupboards for clean pillowcases or spare pillows, only to find that there were no pillowcases and the spare pillows also had pubic hairs in them. I went down to reception and politely asked for some pillowcases only to be told that they don't have any! I reacted by demanding new 'clean' pillows and explained that I had found numerous pubic hairs in mine. The receptionist looked dubious and asked if I was sure that they weren't eyelashes or eyebrows!!!! What?! Firstly...they were DEFINITELY pubic hairs and secondly....there should not be any hair in the pillows at all! She said she'd get someone to change them. I waited over 3 hours and still they had not been changed. I was extremely tired and needed to go to sleep before my interview. I went back down to reception and complained and the receptionist said that someone would be sent up immediately with new pillows. AN HOUR later the guy finally showed up! He acknowledged that the hairs were pubic hairs and did apologise for the inconvenience but to be honest it was too little, too late!You would think it couldn't get any worse....but it did! I went for my shower in the morning and the shower didn't work! In fact, in the process of trying to get in on, the cold tap got jammed and wouln't turn off. I was very pushed for time so had to get reception to sort it out... but they didn't seem to understand the urgency in my complaint. In fact, I had to demand another room to have a shower in and I refused to leave reception until I had another room key. Overall, probably the WORST hotel that I have EVER stayed in! I would reccomend everybody to pay a little extra and stay somewhere which had a grasp of basic hygiene, cleanliness and customer service levels!	
Apr 25 2005	don't even think about staying here	I've written loads of reviews on here, some great and some middling but this place takes the cake.We'd travelled for 5 hours and all we wanted to do was get into our room and rest.Sounds easy? It took us an hour to get into our rooom.We were given an electronic key which you have to swipe- come back old keys!!Needless to say it wouldn't swipe.We had to then que for the lift to go back down and then they fiddled with it,said it's ok now and needless to say it wasn't.3 times this happened-all the time queing with coach loads of people to return with the blasted key which you KNEW wasn't go to work.It didn't even work with the staff members key.The downstairs loos work off a switch card too so we couldn't even use them.Eventually a manager appeared, let us in,only to find the TV was broke, there was no plug for the sink,and breakfast the following morning was like a free for all scrum.We couldn't wait to get away.There must be better hotels in the area- try anywhere but here.	
Apr 23 2005	Good value.	This hotel is very close to Kings Cross station. Although it was good value for money it lacked many things. The breakfast was a joke. They ran out of everything: Sausages,beans even milk and bread.The building work started very early often before 8am Unfortunatelty they were renovating the room directly above ours. Kings Cross Road was dodgy. It was always empty and seemed like a back street even though it had many shops and restauants on it. The staff were very helpul and the room was tidy. Very handy for trips to Arsenal.	
Apr 11 2005	Never Again	The first thing you notice about this hotel is the area. We felt very uncomfortable walking from the hotel to Kings Cross even in daylight. Although it's only 5 minutes walk from the station we encountered several 'characters' along the way.We had booked a triple room but were allocated a double room plus. We were told that rooms are allocated on a first come first served basis which seemed strange that we didn't get our choice despite booking 7months in advanace and checking in 30 mins early!!! After complaining we were given a free breakfast but no reduction in price even though we could have booked this room type for £46 intsead of £60 via travelodge's internet site.The room was clean and comfortable although very noisy. We could hear the staff arriving for work at 7.30am and building work began in the hotel at 8am. Maybe we were just unlucky that our room backed onto the car park.If I was staying in London again I would choose a different hotel.	
Mar 28 2005	don't stay here! Stay at kings cross travel inn instead!!	We stayed at this hotel for one night on the 16th march. While check-in was fairly quick it was an absolute nightmare trying to find our room. we were in room 2011 and were told to take the lift to the 2nd floor. we then spent the next half an hour wandering around the corridors trying to find the room - eventually we found it - the furthest along the corridor and down a flight of stairs took us to an 'annex' area. No lift in sight - not easy with heavy cases. the room itself was ok, not spotless by any stretch of the imagination but ok. Bizarrely this annex was on the ground floor and directly outside our window was workmen. you'd think that the hotel would avoid putting people in rooms woth workmen working in the street directly outside the window! then, at 1am the fire alarm screetched on. then went off. then on. then off. we went out into the corridor trying to find staff but there was only confused people wandering around, we didn't see any staff at all. Overall we did not have a good stay - try and avoid this hotel. the kings cross travel inn is a much better, far more efficient hotel.	
Mar 27 2005 	Danger on the ground floor - Never stay on the ground floor	I am currently staying in the travelodge Islington and for £45 per night for a double it's not bad. You get what you pay for and nothing more. However, I checked in last week and went to go to my room (on the ground floor - rooms beginning 2000) and heard noises. I knocked and heard someone say 'shhhh', I knocked again, and heard someone say 'it's a woman' (so they weren't completely stupid!) I then said I had a key and was going to open the door. I was taken aback when I was afronted with 3 male youths (I believe they can also be called the scum of today). They tried to fob me off with the fact that their parents had checked out but they decided to stay a while longer (suprising considering it was just on double bed for 2 parents and three teenage boys!) I was having none of it and told them to come to reception with me, so they scarpered through the fire exit. I then realised that they had broken in (to do what I don't want to even guess at - they could only have had a cuppa and watch a bit of terrestrial TV!) So I went to reception where I was informed that this happens quite often and that the police had been called again. I told them I wanted a room on one of the top floors, and they put me in a room, which had no remote and no towels. I complained and to their credit, when I returned I had a remote and towels were provided. So a WORD OF WARNING, if you are a single female - never agree to staying in the ground floor of this hotel. On a lighter point, complain, (ok so you may have a wait) but complain and if they don't offer you a free breakfast, ask for one, you always get it!	
Jan 26 2005	never again	Really cheesed off about this place. I had travelled fro, Cornwal two weeks ago, had delays on a hot and stuffy train and just wanted a beer and a chill, how wrong can you be. The reception of the hotel isnt bad at all, they didnt have my booking, tried to charge me extra, when my secretary called me with a booking reference number, they suddenly found it, wow strange that one, the staff friendly enough, but alas bone idle, my card didnt work 4 times, up and down up and down, i was not best happy, they smiled, sure its a wind up? room was like a cheap cabin on a cruise ship, tiny is not the word, it was seriously small, anyway showered, (shower head was filthy was assured it was just hard water hhmm i lived in london, my shower head was never like that) and went for a drink, door handle came off in my hand, gave to reception and they said they would fix it, returned a few hours later , and not fixed, up and down , you get my picture, why didnt they tell me as i passed reception that maintenence was not there and couldnt repair it took 20 mins to get in the room offered a change of room, but couldnt get to my stuff, yes like hell i thought, my i pod phone wallett in there over night , i think not, a game hhmm??? By this time i went down for a beer at the lobby, and went to watch a bit of telly, asked manager to turm it up he said no he cant , i argued he relented, a victory at last, mind wasnt worth it because the staff were all sitting around after thier shift had finished watching tv and drinking coffee, I the guest had to stand hhhmmmm. I commented as i booked out next morning on the quality and was told oh well with a shrug of the shoulders, so i complained to travelodge, and guess what two weeks later a refund, so if you stay here argue and get your money back if its not right, i doubt it will be, just avoid avoid avoid	
Jan 20 2005	Great Room for a tenner!	I stayed here in January for one night. As with all Travelodge, the facilities are basic. There are not enough irons or hairdryers to go round and you need to leave a deposit if you do manage to get one. However, I found the reception staff extremely helpful and polite. The first room was a bit smelly and the TV and heater did not work. After some apologies, we were moved to a huge corner room with a double bed and a sofa and two windows overlooking the square at the back. The room was enormous and very comfortable and if i stayed here again I would definitely ask for a corner room. Overall, at £10 for the night we were laughing!	
Nov 8 2004	Never Again!!	I stayed in this Travelodge on monday 1st november for one night and i would never stay again. In fact I'll never stay in another Trvelodge again! The staff were rude, unhelpful and the rooms are small and dirty. I know people say &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; but i wouldn't be paid to stay there again. Besides, manners and standard hygiene don't cost that much.After a 6 hour journey I was ready to get to my room only to stand in reception for 20 minutes while a number of complaints were being made by other guests. There were sighs of dispair as the staff seemed to stare blankly back at them. I finally checked in and paid for my room. I was given a key card and without directions, headed off to room 228 which i presumed was on the 2nd floor so i took the lift. From the lift on the 2nd floor it was a fair walk down the corridors to my room carrying a heavy suitcase. (I'm 5.2&quot; and 8 stone) When I got to my room, I swiped the key through the lock. Again. Again and again. I turned it round and tried it the other way. And the other way. And the other. It didn't work. I hauled my suitcase back down the corridor and in the lift, waited in a queue of yet more unhappy guests. I spoke to an asian lady receptionist who didnt say a word to me, snatched my card off me, swiped it through a machine and gave it back to me. I asked her if this meant it would now work. She nodded her head and seemed to &quot;shoo&quot; me off leaving me feeling rather stupid that i couldnt use my key properly. I pressed the button for the lift, waited for it to come, got back in up to the 2nd floor, got out, dragged my suitcase down the corridor and tried my key again. It didnt work. I tried it every way possible again and asked a passing guest if i was doing the right thing. He said I was and tried it himself. He also said he had just returned from reception to get a different key and he &quot;always has this problem&quot;. I thanked him and off i went again back to the reception. As I got there yet again there were groups of people still complaining and requesting to move rooms or have refunds or for &quot;someone to actually do something&quot;. While I waited, I 'phoned my boyfriend to tell him I was there safely but couldnt get in my room. I saw the same lady and told her it still wasnt working and handed her the key. She looked at me angrily and said &quot;keep it away from your mobile phone then!&quot; I wasnt aware that it had been near my mobile phone before, however, I took her advice, she swiped it and I began my journey back to my room. I put my mobile phone deep into my suitcase (before it had been in my handbag) and held the key card as far away from my suitcase as possible (without looking ridiculous!). I arrived at the door to the room I was yet to see, having been at the hotel nearly 45 minutes! I tried the key card and to my complete and utter frustration, it didnt work again. By now I couldnt hold in the tears any longer. I had travelled alone for 6 hours, over 350 miles by bus, train and taxi yet I couldnt manage to make that final step of my journey and get into my room!!! I pulled myself together and went back to reception. The same lady saw me standing at the back of the queue with my red teary, tired eyes and smirked and walked slowly into the back office staring at me like it wasnt her problem. I spoke to the man who had checked me in and I said I couldn't get into my room and I wanted someone to actually let me in this time. As I said it, another man appeared next to me, slammed his card on the desk and demanded &quot;Me too! I'm sick of this!&quot; He got different keys and let us both in our rooms. Without a single apology I might add! Finally! I could relax? Nope. the room was dirty and smelly. There were chewing gum wrappers in the middle of the floor and a crisp bag sticking out from under the bed. If the cleaner had missed these then what else had he/she missed! The net curtain looked discusting- grey and ripped. The carpet couldnt have been hoovered after the last guests (or even the first ever guests) I wouldnt take my shoes off in there. The sheets looked clean enough but no mattress covers underneath. All that dead skin from other people and I dont like to think what else. The shower head was manky and I wasnt sure that water would even get through the mank, had I dared get into the shower. I was staying alone and my window was facing the back. The window did have safety catches but they had snapped off and were left on the window sill. Being a family room I thought that safetly catches on a window would be fairly standard. Had the window even allowed me to close it properly it may have helped. When I decided I would have to make do with what I had paid for I thought about getting something to eat. I had been there over an hour and still not properly relaxed. I decided to phone down to reception, as i realised that if I left my room, I may not be able to get back in. I looked for the phone but the wires had been ripped out of the socket where a phone had once been. So I decided to risk it. I left my room and phoned a take away across the road. Which was very good! And yes, by some miracle, I managed to get back into my room and eat it! My only concern was that the delivery man came directly to my room with my pizza and as a single woman alone in her room, I found it rather unnerving, especially as I wouldnt have been able to contact reception, had I had any problems. I suppose I would have been able to jump 2 storeys out of the window though, thanks to the missing safety catches! My advice.... don't even book it!! I'm put off all Travelodges for life!	
Oct 21 2004	Inefficiency rules but cheap enough	We stayed from Sun 17th Oct to Wed 20th Oct in this Travelodge which was recently acquired from the Thistle group. You can tell that Travelodge haven't quite got a grip on the transition yet, and the mixed nationality staff seem to struggle at times with the language.Good points:(1) decent location, especially for Kings X or when driving in from the north(2) cheap at £60 per room(3) erm...(4) hmmm....Bad points:(1) it may have been a Travelodge no smoking room, but what's the point if it's spent the last 100 years as a Thistle smoking room? Cough.(2) It certainly looked like a double/twin room with two beds, but the cleaning staff didn't seem to grasp the concept of that meaning there'd be two people in there. We consistently got 1 towel between us (and consistently failed to get a 2nd when requested)(3) there was no room phone, so any problems of missing towels, no milk, decaff only coffee, poor tv reception, etc etc meant a lift ride and a 10 minute wait in the...(4)...massive queues at the desk. There was a constant gaggle of disgruntled looking people at the desk, either trying to check in, trying to check out, or trying to get a 2nd towel for their room. The staff were invariably not English speakers as a 1st language, and struggled to understand what people wanted.Maybe a lot of the issues are down to the takeover and in the future this will be a tighter run ship. At the end of the day, it's only £60 so no-one expects a choc on the pillow but we'd had a lot better from Travelodge in the past so felt a bit disappointed.I guess the best indicator of what to expect came with the parking situation. On arrival on the Sun we drove straight into the car park, and when I asked how we paid to park I was met with blank expressions and orders to pay at a machine on the wall (which was obviously to pay at the end of the trip, using a ticket from the barrier on entry). I tried to explain that the barrier had been up and no ticket had been issued, but again got blank looks and more pointing.) After 4 days of parking I spent an entertaining 10 mins at the desk trying to pay so we could get out of the car park, and no-one behind the desk could cope with the fact that the machine had not issued me with a ticket with which I could pay. So, their solution was for me to pay in cash, go to the exit barrier and press the buzzer to be released. Fine. Except that all the staff then walked off and ignored me standing at the desk with a pile of tenners waiting to pay. Frustrated, I decided to test them by driving to the exit barrier and seeing if they spotted their faux pas. They didn't. The barrier went up, we left with £60 in our pocket instead of their car park fund.	
Oct 5 2004	Good Value	We stayed at the Travelodge last month and it is a good value for the money. It's an easy walk to King's Cross and about a 10 minute walk over to the bars &amp; restaurants in Islington.It's not fancy but it is clean. However, there are no phones in the room and no alarms so you have to bring your own alarm clock.	
Aug 28 2004	Great value stay	(Note: The reviews prior to this one refer to the hotel when it was owned and operated by Thistle Hotels. It's now been sold and is now owned by Travelodge)The Travelodge Islington represents really good value for money. All parts of the hotel were exceptionally clean and tidy. It's a two minute walk from the King's Cross Thameslink station which connects with the Underground. There were one or two signs of wear in the rooms - but according to a leaflet, they are currently in the process of refreshing rooms. I'd definately stay there again. As long as you go expecting the standard Travelodge no-frills facilities, you'll not be dissapointed.	
May 22 2004	Very nice restaurant and friendly people	it was very nice i enjoyed very much to stay at the hotel all the staff where friendly and nice especialy in the restaurant well done to everybody Emiliano, Eleonora, and Hakim the restaurant manager	
Apr 14 2004	Only one night	Just came back from 4 days in London ( easter ) Orginally I had booked 4 nights at The Thistle Islington. Before we flew to London I became aware of these reviews. Then I knew I had made a mistake. I immediately phoned and cancelled the 3 last nights. What a relief! - small rooms - a lot of noise from the elevator during the night - unattractive neighboorhood - paid 77 poundsThe breakfast was OK	
Mar 24 2004	Thistle London Godd value for money	Excellent buffet English and Continental Breakfast. The rooms were fine, but a little to small, but then again you use them only at night. Very clean. The cleaners weren't very good at english, but they did their jobs well. On the whole, excellent value for money. The Kings Cross area is not very nice, but then again reflected in the good price. The staff were helpful, so I can't really see the other complaints.	
Feb 22 2004	Reasonable value for money	We found this hotel to be acceptable for the price we paid, London is an expensive city &amp; hotel prices reflect this. Our room was small, but bright &amp; cheerfully decorated it included every thing you would require including an iron &amp; board. The bathroom was very small but had bath with shower. Breakfast &amp; service was very good, the dining room is large when the second room is opened. We found all the staff very friendly &amp; concerned about our opinion. On the location of the hotel, in cities in our experience areas around railway stations are quite often less than glamorous. In any tourist destination some research needs to be done to ensure the location meets the needs. If visiting London as a tourist I personally would stay in a more central location.	
Feb 21 2004	Very small rooms!!!	We stayed here over Valentine's Day weekend. As soon as we opened the door to the room we noticed how tiny it was. We never spent this much money on a hotel room and was shocked at the size. Even the bathroom is tiny. My 6'4 husband had so many problems getting around. Breakfast buffet was good though. Close to tube.	
Jan 23 2004	not as bad as others say	everyone has individual tastes and experiences but, as a regular hotel user who has stayed here twice, I would say this is an unexciting but OK hotel. not a first choice but acceptable if the price is right (£60 my last stay). I woudl imagine that rooms overlooking the main road are noisy though. also, whilst the surroundings are a bit edgy, if youre used to urban environments its not as dangerous as some others suggest - there are a fair number of people on the street and indeed there are some quite pleasant pubs and restaurants around. you just need to be observant without getting paranoid (which applies in smarter areas of london also).	
Dec 15 2003	Terrible		
Dec 7 2003	Slamming Doors		
Nov 15 2003	Never again!		
Nov 9 2003	Better value elsewhere		
Sep 28 2003	Run for your life		
Jul 26 2003	The good and the bad...		
Jul 14 2003	What a dump!		
Jun 28 2003	We would stay there again		
May 12 2003	Beware their car park!		
Feb 3 2003	great hotel bad location		
Nov 1 2009	Personale poco piacevole		
Oct 20 2009 	avete mai visto una stanza d'albergo senza comodini?		
Sep 25 2009 	Aiutoooo		
Sep 3 2009 	Pessimo il servizio		
Aug 22 2009 	Kein 3 Sterne Hotel Lange Wartezeit beim Frühstück		
May 14 2009 	per chi non ha pretese...		
May 4 2009 	Imbroglioni Ladri ed arroganti		
Apr 26 2009	Da evitare		
Mar 15 2009	Eigentlich gut aber...		
Mar 2 2009 	?????????????????????		
Feb 17 2009 	Senza infamia e senza lode		
Jan 16 2009 	Katastrophal!!!!! Finger weg!!!!!		
Nov 19 2008 	hotel pratique		
Nov 5 2008 	Consigliato???? NI !		
Oct 24 2008 	per poche notti è accettabile		
Oct 13 2008	Instalaciones penosas y ruidoso		
Sep 9 2008 	Nie wieder		
Aug 25 2008	Da evitare!!!		
Aug 22 2008 	increible		
Aug 11 2008 	spendere poco ma senza grosse pretese		
Jul 2 2008 	Dieses Hotel ist eine Zumutung		
Jun 17 2008	mieux que je ne pensais		
Jan 2 2008 	hotel passable mais je n'y retournerai pas !		
Dec 6 2007 	jamais plus		
Nov 8 2007 	Hôtel standard		
Jul 17 2007 	El Hotel Normalito-Bajo; El persona Mediocre		
Jun 6 2007 	Furto in camera		
Apr 3 2007	Deprimente...		
Feb 4 2007 	CHE TRISTEZZA!!!!!!		
Mar 8 2006	hotel di passaggio		
