Nov 13 2009 	Excellent facilities and staff - would return any time	This hotel is spotlessly clean, we had a quad room that was spacious and had free internet access, phone, teamaking facilities, TV, shower and toilet, hairdryer and fridge. There were complimentary hot and cold drinks in the eating area round the clock, further free internet access in the lobby, and the breakfast was continental with lots of choice and very good. The staff were impeccably dressed, polite and charming yet friendly and very helpful. Extremely good value for money, I would return there any time, and would recommend it to anybody. Also perfect location, very central yet quiet.	
Nov 5 2009 	3 Star but demand to get the room for which you prepaid	Stayed here from Oct. 26 - Nov. 2/09. Prepaid for Double Ensuite Room on Sept. 14 on line on their site - no cancellation - no changes - no refunds - fine with us as we were going to visitson &amp; daughter-in-law and 8 month old granddaughter &amp; they live in a 2 bedroom flat. This was so close to train station which was then only 10 minutes to flat. Arrived from Toronto at 10:30 pm andnight manager took us to our room on the 2nd floor at the far end - it was so small we could hardlyfit our 4 suitcases in the room. No place to hang our clothes - mattress was at least 20 years old!I went back downstairs, showed him all the documentation I had printed guaranteeing our room - he said that he could understand my problem - but he could do nothing that night and that I would have to talk to the manager in the morning. My wife went back later and complained and he said that the right room would be ready in the morning. I talked to two English women who were staying there and they said that the same thing happened to them. They had prepaid for a larger room and were placed in a very small, dingy room and had to complain loudly to get the room changed. The next morning, I met with the manager and still had to really complain and he had a room ready within the hour and then I made him put through a refund for the previous night (for the difference between the crappy room and the room for which we had prepaid). Our next roomwas spacious, clean and had a newer mattress. We had no problems after with anyone - the staff were fine - the maids are very friendly and polite. I think that the people running this hotel already have your money because you prepaid to get a good room and rate and then they rent your room for the night and give you the worst room for the night - figuring that you will be tired from your flight - and really don't mind if you yell at them and complain - it is all about the bottom line.	
Oct 21 2009 	I Thought I was Back in my Dorm Room	I booked this hotel through Choice Hotels because I get points for free stays. This has been the only time I have been disappointed in any Choice hotel. It was aweful. I take that back. It was mostly aweful. There were two saving graces. One, the location was fabulous, a five minute walk from Victoria station. Two, the service was good.Now for the bad. We checked in. We went to our room on the basement floor. The first thing I noticed was the room was brightly painted in primary colors, red, yellow and blue. After being able to focus my eyes, I noticed how small the room was. Not a huge issue, I thought. We will only be sleeping here. Then we noticed the smell. It was a musty smell. My wife has a very sensitive nose so I went to the front desk to ask for a different room. They were quite accommodating. We received another room... even smaller than the one we just left. The room was so small that the bathroom door would not open all of the way, hitting the bed. When leaving the bathroom, one had to open the door, step to the side and shut the door to be able to get to the other side. The furniture looked like it was purchased at a second hand store. I really felt I was back in college in my dorm room. Also, the hallways were dark and narrow. I cannot say that the place was not clean but, honestly, I just got the feeling that cleanliness was not high on the list of priorities. The breakfast area reminded me of a break room at just about anyone's place of employment. It was very bland and not wholely kept up. The breakfast was alright, nothing to write home about.As I said, there are reasons to stay here. The front desk was quite helpful. We had never been to London. The clerks were escpecially helpful on what routes to take from Victoria station. There is also a great pub right across the street, St George's Tavern. It was everything I expected from an English pub.If and when we return to London, we will not be staying at this hotel.	
Oct 18 2009 	Functional hotel in an excellent location	Fundamentally I had no problems with this hotel - it is within two minutes walk of Victoria Station and no more than fifteen minutes walk to Westminster, so location-wise it is good.The room was clean and spacious, with a safe, although the bed was too soft and sensitive sleepers might find the noise from the bathroom fans and through the floors and walls (mainly only doors slamming though) distracting.Breakfast is basic - basically cereal and toast, with fruit juice and tea, and is tucked away in the basement of the rabbit warren.Overall this is a decent hotel, with all of the modicums you would expect in Central London.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great value would stay here again	This was a pleasant surprise--I booked it with some trepidation having read varying reviews on TripAdvisor--knew to request a non-basement room! I was very pleasantly surprised by my stay--they need to get rid of the musty odour in reception to make your first impression better, but thankfully this didn't carry through to my room. I was on the ground floor, small room, but perfectly clean and comfortable. Lovely welcome from reception, and when I complained the room was (stiflingly!) too hot &amp; I couldn't adjust the heat, a maintenance man arrived promptly to fix this. The room also had air-con--another pleasant surprise. The location is fantastic--so near the station (look for the exit marked &quot;Passport Office&quot;), literally a stone's throw. The continental breakfast was also a surprise--perfectly adequate and plentiful. And the power shower in the morning was another great surprise--I've had much poorer showers in better, more luxurious hotels. All in all, a great location, and great bargain. I wouldn't like to stay here for a long period--I think the small room size would begin to &quot;close in&quot;, but for a night or two would highly recommend it. Take the TA tip though and ask for a room that's not in the basement!	
Oct 4 2009 	Not only is it dirty but they steal items from inside your luggage	This place is a great location, decent size (for a triple) and at first glance appeared pretty clean. Don't attempt to use the extra pillows in the room or expect to come home with all your personal items. We opened the extra pillows only to find numerous hairs (in different colors) and make-up on them. I also moved my ipod from the vanity to inside my luggage (in my underwear and bra compartment) only to have it go missing later that day... So word of advice if you already have it booked, bring a lock to lock your luggage when you leave the room and if you haven't booked, DON'T CONSIDER IT.	
Aug 6 2009 	Run don't walk Away From This dump!	We booked a night at this hotel because it was close to the train station and we were leaving early the next morning on the Euro-Star. For $175 we got a basement room that was a little bigger than a coffin. Our little window had a lovely view of a broken toilet. When we asked for another room, we were told they were all taken. My husband went to get me water and the water was shut off. They did call us after midnight to let us know that the water was now working. They do offer breakfast, which they offered to have ready for us early. They must have forgotten because none was there. The man at the front desk brought us to the dinning area to prepare something for us. I'm not kidding you, every single chair was covered with a used rag. Needless to say we passed on the meal. One funny final thought-they have a sign what to do in case of a fire. My husband said it should read bend down and kiss your butt good-bye.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great Location Quaint would stay again in a second!	Although the room was small, we used it only for sleeping. The location is awesome, steps from Victoria Underground and Train Station. Breakfast is simple and good, plenty to eat and very European. Coffee, croissants, pastry, cheese, fruit, yogurt, boiled eggs, toast, jam, cereals with milk. And a delicious and fresh self service coffee set-up. Also a very good cafe right next door. Staff was friendly and helpful, all requests were met. No street noise even tho our room faced the street. I have read some of the other reviews and feel like this hotel has gotten a bad rap, we enjoyed our stay and would stay again without a doubt. Having said that, I have stayed in many hotels in Europe and this is a good one although not really comparable to a USA hotel.	
Jul 12 2009 	Room Without a View	Clean room, polite staff, breakfast OK. Hotel was very conveniently situated, but next time will try to avoid basement room 104, whilst quiet rather lacked a view (see photo's)	
Jul 1 2009 	Great value for money	Stayed here for 1 night whilst visiting London and had a good stay. Great location right next to Victoria station and good value for money. Good breakfast selection provided (much better than other budget hotels I have stayed at before). Staff pleasant and friendly even when we checked in at midnight. Room had good facilities and was quiet for central London.	
May 29 2009 	Would not recommend	Upon arrival the staff told me that the bathroom of the room we booked was &quot;being re-tiled&quot; and that they booked us in a different hotel. The place they put us was 5 minutes further from our desired location and cheaper (however we did not get the difference as I'm sure the hotel benefited from moving us). I would not recommend this hotel as I felt like they do this regularly. I read a similar review from another travel on tripadvisor.	
May 25 2009 	Unhappy with management	We tried to cancell our reservation and were told that this hotel had a 28 hour cancellation policy instead of a 24 hr. They told us 24 hr when we made the reservation. Comfort Inn would not stand behind it and said it was up to the hotel and they would not allow us to cancell. We had to pay even though we were unable to be there. I was upset that Comfort Inn would not stand behind us and allow the individual hotel to charge us. We will have to think about staying at Comfort Inns in the future. It was a very expensive problem. Never set foot at the hotel, so it could have been great. Hope others take warning.	
May 21 2009 	Definitely would return	Stayed one night with two friends on a girls weekend to London and this hotel surpassed my expectations. The main reason for choosing it was for the location, and because they facilitated three in a room rather than making us pay for two rooms, and I did not expect much considering the price was so good.The location is excellent - a 2 minute walk from Victoria tube, and being London you can get anywhere easily via tube, making this hotel excellent value as a base for a short stay.The room was clean, modern and a good size, with en suite shower room which was also clean and modern. Towels were provided, as was breakfast, which was fairly simple (no hot food bar toast) but sufficient to set you up for the morning as you can eat as much as you like.My only slight niggle was that the third bed was a poor excuse for a sofa bed (little more than a board on legs!) with only a sheet and small blanket. Considering the main bed was huge and had a large duvet I felt slightly hard done by! However, the sheets were clean and the room had a very good remote controlled air con, so temperature wasnt a problem.Would definitely stay here again as the price was excellent for the standard of accomodation. It made an excellent base for a short stay.	
May 18 2009 	Good location nice rooms.	The hotel is in great location in Victoria. Rooms are nice and comfortable. Only issue, It would be nicer if the TV would face off the bed. There is a charge for Internet :(Breakfast has good choice and good value too.	
May 13 2009 	Best on Belgrave Road	A pleasant surprise though I may have been lucky with the room I had. Large and reasonably equipped. Reasonably spacious shower room. Bit of traffic noise in the morning but much quieter than the hotels further down Belgrave Road. Reception staff were not friendly but were efficient. Very clean.	
May 11 2009 	reception staff need training in good manners	we had booked a triple room online and when we arrived were given a double room with a sofa bed up and what they took off my visa was much more than the correct price. it was then discovered that we were given the wrong room so we had to move out and back to reception where we encountered a rude man who made us wait for ages while he sorted it out . we were then given another room which was indeed a triple but whih smelled of raw sewage.. after turning on the bathroom fan and closing the door it seemed to get rid of it. beds fairly comfortable but bedspreads really stained....disgusting! I dont really like to think too much about that bit.. breakfast was fairly good but dont attemp to linger after nine thirty as everything is whipped away in the blink of an eye! we encountered the same charmless man the morning we were leaving when we asked to leave our luggage.. no attempt was made at any frienliness or help putting our bags in and when we did leave for good he didnt even lift his head ..how rude!!! its a pity as the place has a fantastic location and with some better laundry and a frindlier staff we would stay there again..	
Mar 17 2009 	clean and comfortable	Stayed one night on a business trip to London. Clean, comfortable, good-value room, quiet despite it's location in central London, and with much-appreciated air conditioning on an unusually warm March night. Large Freeview TV. Staff were polite and mechanically efficient rather than welcoming (try the City Inn at Westminster if you want the ultimate in the latter), and the continental breakfast adequate. Would happily stay here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Value for Money!	We stayed for one night in the Comfort Inn and found it to be just what we needed. The location was fantastic, a stones throw from Victoria Station. The rooms are quite small and basic but the beds are really comfortable. There were tea and coffee facilties and a hairdryer in the room. The breakfast was continental and spot on, with croissants, toast, cereal even small packets of different cheeses. The reception staff were lovely and it was kept very clean. If you are looking for somewhere for just a couple of nights then this is just the job. The view from our room wasn't exactly fetching - a brick wall, but I didn't go to London to sit looking out of the hotel window so it made no difference.	
Feb 20 2009 	Don't. Stay. Here.	Or... maybe I should write Don't. Book. This. Hotel. as I never even got the chance to stay here - despite the fact that I booked the room through the hotels own web page a month prior to ou stay, I received a booking confirmation immediately, We phoned the hotel and they onfirmed we had a room for the dates we specifeid AND I e-mailed the hotel the eday before our arrival to check if everything was ok with our booking - I know from experince that it's a good thing to double check everything not only one, but two, three, four times when you plan to stay in London.On the night before our arrival I received an e-mail confirming our booking, and welcoming us.At 2 pm (earliest check-in time) we arrived at the hotel. Two adults and two children (2 and 9 yrs of age) after having traveller for 7 hours only to be told that our booking was cancelled. The woman in the reception desk claimed that we hadn't payed for the room! Apparently they had tried twice to tranfer money from my bank account but the transaction was denied - the first tie they tried was the day after my booking. They claim they e-mailed me - but there is no e-mail from the hotel. The second time they tried to charge me was the day of our arrival - almost a month after the first attempt. This was AFTER they had confirmed my booking and welcoming us via e-mail and still not a word about the money! All the time they had my phone number and e-mailaddress so they could've contacted me - espesially when they decided to cancel our booking just HOURS before our arrival - I could have transferred money right away. So, just hours befre we arrive the cancel our booking, and give &quot;our&quot; family room to somebody else (somebody who only needed a single room). The woman in the reception refused to admit that they'd made a mistake - there has been money on my account all along, thay could easily have contacted me, and why wait untli the day of our arrival to cancel the room? Had I travelled alone I wouldn't have been so upset, but travelling with young children is a hassle. We had a two year old who needed a nap, a bathroom and lunch and a nine year old who just wanted to sit down and relax after 7 straight hours in car/air plane/bus. This was the last thing they needed.Luckily we know the area well enough to start looking for another hotel. The peple at Comfort Inn Victoria were, to begin with, not helpful at all. We had to make phone calls to our bank in Sweden (on our own mobile phones, we had to prove that they sent an e-mail the evening before were they mentioned nothing about our room soon being cancelled. Not until I completely broke down in tears did they try to make some phone calls to other hotels (but founf no room). During this all they said was &quot;There are so many hotels around here, it should be no problem finding another one&quot; But Hey, if I wanted to run around looking for a hotel I wouldn't have made reservations to start with! And - quad/family rooms are not that easy to find.After a while the receptionist tried to move that person they put in the family room, to another hotel with a single room. They asked us to wait ten minutes - we waited an our untli we decided that we had to go looking for other hotels unless we wanted to be stranded completely over night. There was know way we could rely on these people to sort anything out for us.My husband and I split up and he started looking for hotels, meanwhile I took the children for lunch. 2 hours later we'd found another hotel. And that was a relief. When he came back to Comfot Inn Victoria they proudly announced that our room was now ready for us - it was with a tremendous feeling of relief he told them that we'd found another place to stay.There were NO apologies, NO compensation, NO NOTHING from the staff at Comfort Inn Vicoria when they basically ruined our fisrt day in London. It cost us a lot of money to make all the phone calls, pay for another room etc. There is NO way I will ever considering stayin at this hotel OR any otel in the Comfort Inn chain again.Beware - no matter have many reassurring e-mails you get - they can, on a whim, cancel your whole booking.	
Feb 11 2009 	Wouldn't stay in this hotel again.	My husband and I stayed in the Comfort Inn Victoria last weekend. This was our first trip to London, it was my husband's 50th birthday and he wanted to celebrate it by going to London and seeing a West End show. We decided to stay in the Victoria area so that we would be near the Terravision bus stop that brought us to and from Stanstead Airport. We choose the Comfort Inn as we had stayed many times in the Comfort Inn in Dublin City and was always most comfortable and friendly, so we thought this was our best bet ...... how wrong were we !!!! The staff were the most unfriendly bunch that we have ever come across, the reception staff especially. Our double room was small but ok, the bathroom was a nightmare ....when stepping out of the shower you almost had to leap over the toilet bowl. The chamber-maid was a disaster......she took away all our towels and didn't replace them.......she left us with no toilet paper......she never replaced our tea, coffee, sugar etc., I had to ask at reception for everything, which seemed to really annoy them and they still didn't replace anything for me ......one guy told me that he would make a phone call about it !!!!!!!! but he never got back to me......I gave up and went to local supermartek and bought everything myself....including towels !!!!! This is just not on ........ the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in and I've stayed in lots of hotels all around the world ...... I would NOT recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent hotel at a budget price	This small hotel was clean, tidy and extremely affordable. Although the room was small, (a triple) there was sufficient room for three adults in need of an overnight venue. Situated close to Victoria underground and mainline stations, it offers easy access to travel services. Having tried other budget hotels in London, we found this one to be far superior to similar priced establishments. The en-suite bathroom was ample as opposed to other tiny closet-types we have witnessed elsewhere. It was very clean and well presented. We found the staff to be exceptionally friendly and helpful. Although we did not sample the food, we can certainly recommend this hotel to anyone on a low budget - at £79 for a triple room (online booking), and can find no fault with it.	
Feb 10 2009 	Practical Information	We stayed at this hotel 12/29/08-1/04/09. We had a standard double room on the third floor overlooking rooftops. The room was approximately 12’ x 12’ and the bathroom was an estimated 5’ x 5’. The room contained a double bed, a flat-screened t.v., a straight-backed chair, a safe, a small desktop with three shelves, small shelves on either side of the bed, approximately six clothes hangers and a small shelf containing a kettle and two cups/saucers for coffee/tea. The bathroom had three small shelves along the side of the mirror and space under the sink to store items. The shower provided ample pressure and temperature. However, I am only 5’ tall and felt confined inside the shower.Noises in the hallway and in the bathroom next door could easily be heard; however, it was never a major concern for us. We chose to keep our bathroom door closed at all times to lessen the noise from next door. Breakfast included a variety of hot beverages, juices, breads, cheese, jams, cereal, yogurt and boiled eggs. The breakfast room tended to be more crowded between 0900 and 0930. The staff members were always pleasant during our limited conversations. Internet access in the lobby costs one pound for 30 minutes. However, there is no guarantee the printer will work. The hotel location is IDEAL. It is a 5-10 minute walk to the Victoria Train, Tube and Coach Stations, the sightseeing hop on/hop off buses, Golden Tours office, ATMs, a grocery store and many restaurants. From inside the Victoria Train Station, make your way towards the Victoria Place shops, restaurants and bars. Proceed thru the shopping area to the exit doors on Belgrave Road. Sainsbury grocery will be on your left as you exit the building. Once outside, turn left and proceed approximately two blocks. The Comfort Inn will be across the street on the right. We found it easier to use the pedestrian crosswalk directly in front of the hotel. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. We were satisfied with the hotel and its amenities and, most importantly, had realistic expectations based on the previous reviews of this property. We would recommend this hotel for anyone on a budget who plans to spend more time outside than inside the hotel.	
Feb 5 2009 	3 star.........more like shabby youth hostel!!	I stayed 2 nights at this hotel with a group of work colleagues.......that really was enough and i would have gone elsewhere if this had nt been booked direct by our company. I understand it was £99 per room per night. I stayed in room 130 and accessed it via a windy narrow corridor and carpet worn stairs.It was at this point that strange unpleasant smells could be detected.On entering the room i was struck by the overwhelming smell of mould which was emanating from the bathroom. The staff were aware of this smell as i found my window left open after they had been in to clean.The room resembled what i imagine a cheap youth hostel would look like. The walls were plain and shabby and the carpet was in stark contrast in orange and red.The bedspread was stained and turned my stomach....but due to the bright colour...orange/red....i never noticed this until i pulled it back for bed!!The shower was useless turning from cold to scalding and back to cold.My colleague was in room 116 and this had the most bizarre en suite i have seen........i can only describe it as a plastic capsule shower and toilet - the type, i imagine, you would get on an overnight train.We both had the same depressing view out of our windows........enclosed dark shabby firescapes strewn with rubbish.After experiencing all the above the continental breakfast made a pleasant surprise and was as described!	
Jan 8 2009 	A lovely stay!	We had a lovely stay in a triple room, it was a good size, Very clean, nice bathroom with a power shower. Breakfast was great, self service. will stay there again for sure.	
Dec 9 2008	beds for smurfs!	not staying in this hotel if you have a height of more than 1.70 meters and an apprpriaded weight, because the beds are really small and feet of a normal person out of 20 cm out of bed! prepare to make their own bed - if you provide the sheets! the rooms are not for 4 adults, but only for very young children. sink in the room. no wardrobe. Continental breakfast is enough.	
Dec 5 2008 	wouldnt book it again	Booked this hotel because it was close to the coach and staion. On arriving my daughter and I were told they had a water problem and we would have to stay at the sister hotel 15 minutes down the road. It was a nice hotel but quite a long way down and the staff at the Comfort Inn couldnt have cared less, it was that or nothing. i wouldnt book there again as I like to stay were I have booked and I think there reception staff need training. Go somewhere else.	
Dec 1 2008 	One Word - Awful!!!	Where to start......The front desk was curt and unhelpful during check in and when multiple issues arose with our room. We stayed (reluctantly) in room 210 which faced Belgrave Street and it was a HUGE disappointment. The walls were paper thin and you could hear everything the person across the hall was doing. Several times we thought someone was trying to come into our room when in fact, it was the people across the hall trying to enter their room. We also thought someone was in our bathroom a few times, that's how well we could hear the people across the hall. Another nice touch was the smell mold in the room, the street noise was so loud it was as if we were sleeping on the street itself, the floor was uneven and had a huge &quot;dip&quot; that I tripped over on 4 separate occasions, you could not regulate the shower temperature as it went from scalding hot to icy cold in a matter of seconds, the bed was like sleeping on a trampeline and the TV had a total of 8 channels (maybe 9). I brought all of these issues to the front desks attention and NOTHING was done, not an offer to move to another room, not an apology, NOTHING! They offered a free breakfast but I thought I was gambling enough by sleeping there, I wasn't about to risk food poisoning. It was a very disappointing experience all around. Next time we won't try and go cheap.If you don't mind all of the above, I will say this location is very convenient to the Victoria Station (rail and underground) as well as the Victoria Coach station. We stayed in this area because we had early morning tours leaving out of the coach station 3 of the days we were in London. The area itself, isn't &quot;Londony&quot; but it seems to be safe, or at least we had no issues. There was a great Italian restaurant down the street called Olivio's and worth a try. If you are considering this hotel, please read the other reviews (which I did and ignored), I experienced almost the exact same issues as other people have and can verify they are true. I am not a snob but simply want a clean, quiet room when I am traveling, this place was neither and we dreaded going back there at the end of the day. In fact it ruined our trip.	
Nov 10 2008 	Good Value for money	This hotel is fine for a budget hotel in a good location. The beds are really comfy, some of the rooms are a bit small but generally a good hotel for the money. The lift is pretty small and the breakfast is just the basics but I have stayed a few times and was quite happy with it.	
Oct 16 2008 	Not that comfortable....	I normally stay at the Ibis or Thistle near Euston Station when I visit London but as my meeting was an early start and in Westminster, I thought I'd try somewhere a little more convenient.I typically spend up to £120 a night and that usually gets me a decent room and a good breakfast.As this was coming up at £70, I should have perhaps been a little wary...To be honest, it wasn't that bad but there was something not quite right. It's just that I can't put my finger on what it was.The receptionist was pleasant enough and through her limited English, she eventually got me to understand that I had another £4 to pay when I checked in. Not the end of the world but surprising nonetheless.The only 'bar' was a drinks vending machine and there were a few 'comfy' chairs in the reception area (maybe that explains the name??)I was surprised to find that my room had a double bed and, oddly, a small 'camp' type bed. The 'main' bed was a bit lumpy and too soft for me but others may like it like that.The room wasn't exactly large but had the added 'bonus' of a kitchen consisting of microwave, sink, fridge and electric cooking rings. Again, 'odd'. There was also a flat screen TV, air conditioning, a desk and a key-coded safe big enough for a laptop.When I tried catching up on some work, I realised there was no desk lamp and the main light wasn't bright enough to read by. The desk was also a little too small to have a laptop and papers open at the same time.As far as 'features' go, it sounds passable - but when in bed, I couldn't help but think that I was sleeping in someone's kitchen!There was also a gap under the door that I could fit my hand through!The bathroom was modern and quite smart (albeit tiny) with a good shower - though no bath. It wasn't that bad really - but it just didn't work. I think the green/brown stripey carpet may have been the problem...Breakfast in the morning was a simple 'continental' affair (cereal, eggs, croissants, cheese) but no fresh bread - which is always an attraction of breakfast on the 'continent'. The coffee was a bit 'iffy' too which is a cardinal sin in my book.As I was leaving for my meeting I asked the new receptionist whether it would be possible for her to print a page of text from a Word document that I had on CD and I offered to pay a reasonable amount for her trouble and costs. This was met with a firm 'no' and I was then ignored as she dealt with the next in line.When I queried her decision, I was again told that it was not possible.I realise it's probably not a selling point of the hotel, but I've asked things like this in lots of places before and never had a problem - whether it's copying or printing or even using their computer to draft a few notes. Not this time though!It was only as I was leaving that I noticed a computer in the corner of reception for public use with a printer and, as it turned out, an unlicensed copy of Word on it. Lo-and-behold, I managed to print off my page. Why could she not just tell me it was there? Weird...Anyway. I won't be going back unless I really have to. It must have been the carpet.....	
Oct 7 2008	Excellent Location Very Good Budget	Convenience, convenience, convenience. Stayed for 5 nights in September. I booked this room through Londontown.com and got a good deal at 80 pounds/night. The best thing about this property is its location. It is a block from the Victoria station where you can catch trains, bus or tube lines. The Victoria station also has a small grocery store, lots of restaurants and shops if needed. It's about 45 minutes from the airport via the tube and very easy to reach via the tube. Free continential breakfast with good cold choices. The breakfast room was small but manageable. No wi fi in rooms but there was high speed internet in rooms and a community computer that could be used in the lobby for a small fee. The room was clean, a little small but I had a single and there was room to move around, flat screen tv, coffee/tea in rooms, shampoo. The only negative I have about this property is the bathrooms. I had a single room and the bathroom was not much bigger than an airline bathroom. There was no tub and the shower was basically the entire bathroom and required closing the bathroom door to shower. Luckily, I wasn't in the room much but it was a negative when I was there. The hotel can be a little confusing to locate when you come out of Victoria station because of so many roads meeting there. Be sure to head toward Belgrave Road and not get confused with Lower Belgrave Street which also ends at Victoria station.There are several restaurants nearby and also a theatre. St. George's Tavern is a couple doors down. They do have a very small dining room so not many can be served at a time, but the food was delicious and extremely affordable. Buckingham Palace is within easy walking distance. I was sometimes out later in the evening and had no concerns regarding safety. Lots of traffic in the area due to the station.It is a budget hotel but a very good one. I'd book again but next time would upgrade to make sure I got a little bigger bathroom.	
Sep 29 2008 	Cheap and cheerful!	Stayed here for weekend with whole family for special event. The location is spot-on being right beside the Victoria tube station. We flew into Heathrow and got the tube into the city. As I wasn't leading the party, I left the navigation to the younger people. It took about 45 mins to come in from the airport. The hotel is small in size, small reception and small rooms. Myself and DH were given an basement room and I was very disappointed as I love fresh air. However, the aircon was working and made all the difference as the weather was very warm.I found the room to be very clean, comfortable and ample for a budget hotel. The shower and toilet were also in the same condition with Dove hand soap and Lux shower cream supplied. There was also a hairdryer, modern flat screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. The bed was extremely comfortable with fresh, clean white linen.I personally found the breakfast ample. I agree with former post that the breakfast room is too small and it gets very crowded at the self-service food area. The food was grand; selection of breakfast cereals in small boxes, juice, yogurts, fruit salad (tinned) croissants,toast, danish pastries and cold hard boiled eggs! I didn't leave hungry and the coffee was nice and warm.It was a lovely walk from the Hotel to Hyde Park, Buck Palace and the weather was gorgous. Whilst I would not stay here again as there are so many hotels to choose from in London I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to my friends if they want a well located budget hotel. Staff at desk were mildly pleasant and not interested in being helpful.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great location great value for money	We stayed at the Comfort Inn at Victoria Station for one weekend January 2007. If you're flying Ryanair to Stanstead and staying in London..this hotel will be perfect for you. Take the bus from the airport to the Victoria Station and this hotel will be 100m from the bus stop. Easier it couldn't get. The hotel quality? 3 star hotel in my opinion.Rooms are spacious enough with clean &amp; modern bathroom.LCD tv and ok beds. I was happy with the room we were given.The location of the hotel really is perfect. 5 minutes walk to the Victoria Station. And really many times you don't even need the station.. you can walk to many of the major tourist sites.Service at the hotel? No complaints. Anything to complain about the hotel? Breakfast.I was looking for a hotel that serves breakfast as I think it's easier to have a good breakfast every morning rather than start looking for a breakfast place first thing in the morning..But no..I wouldn't call it a real breakfast what Comfort Inn was offering. The problem was the space..they have tables for 20 people..max. And there usually was 30 people trying to have a cup of coffee and something to eat. So don't expect much from the breakfast. Just grab a cup of coffee and drink it while on your way to the station or wherever you're heading.But yes I definitely can recommend this hotel to anyone who's looking for reasonably priced 3 star hotel with a great location.	
Sep 12 2008 	Clean convenient and comfortable	Excellent location, a few minutes walk from Victoria central coach station and Victoria tube station, this hotel will provide all the necessities with none of the frills at a reasonable price. My room was clean and neat, bed was comfortable, kettle and hairdryer were provided, continental breakfast was adequate and the service was friendly and efficient.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great location	This is a great value location. My sister and I went to London in Dec. of 07 and stayed here. It's just a few blocks down from the Victoria train station (you can take the Heathrow express right to Victoria). However, be warned, it's a little confusing coming out of the train station. We e-mailed the hotel ahead of time and got some pretty good directions. The room was adequate sized (though remember that ALL hotel rooms in Europe are small), clean and the shower had good temp control and water pressure. There was an elevator, but it would be difficult to navigate if you have significant disabilities. There are several very good places to eat around the corner from the hotel. There is a great Indian restaurant and pub just a couple of blocks away- the front desk can recommend some places. As two women travelling alone, we felt very safe in this area.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great location good hotel	We stayed at the Comfort Inn London Victoria for 3 nights from 20-23 May 2008. We did pay a lot more (it is expensive) as the Chelsea Flower show was on at the time (130 pounds a night). The location is EXCELLENT. It is a 2 minute walk from this hotel to the shopping mall adjoining Victoria station and a further 2-3 minutes walk within this mall takes you to Victoria mainline station and tube station. Victoria coach station is a 5 min walk from this hotel. So this hotel is the best location for quick access to the Coach and Tube stations. We had a lot of luggage with us, but could still manage to walk to the Coach station from the hotel. The hotel is closer to the coach station than the actual tube station. To get here from Victoria coach station - exit the coach station at Elizabeth street or Eccleston Place and come onto Buckingham Palace road, cross this road and come onto St Georges Drive and walk along - you will reach Comfort Inn Buckingham Palace Road (we statyed here later on for 1 night - will review it separately) - turn left here onto Hugh Street - at the end of this street turn Right onto Belgrave Road and you will reach Comfort Inn Victoria within 5 seconds of this turn.To get to the hotel from Victoria station - exit the station onto Buckingham Palace Road, walk along, turn left onto Belgrave Road, walk along and cross to the opposit side - you will see Comfort Inn Victoria at the junction of Belgrave Rd and Hugh Street.We had a triple room - this was small in size like most central London hotels. With 3 of us and 4 bags, there was not a lot of room to open all bags at the same time. The hotel has been refurbished and is pleasant looking. The toilet/bathroom was reasonably sized and had free Dove shower gel all the time. One small bottle of mineral water was provided daily. There are free coffee/tea making facilities in the room. The beds were comfortable with clean sheets. There is an elevator in the hotel. Breakfast is not exciting, but enought to make you last till lunch - bread, toast, croissant, cereal, tea/coffee, jam.Overall, the place is comfortable and the location is excellent. If you want to stay in the Victoria area, this is a nice place. We wanted to stay in this area for proximity to the coach and tube station, and hence chose this hotel and we do not regret it at all. But the hotel should not be the reason for you to stay in the Victoria area !	
May 31 2008	A little hotel with a great location	Enjoyed a week stay at this hotel earlier this month. Found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The room #129 is accessed from the ground floor but up a flight of stairs and cant be reached by the elevator. Something of an inside room, it had a window but looked out into an open space. The only thing you could see outside was the building on all sides. We didnt stay there for the view anyway but for the location to Victoria Station. The Gatwick Express arrives across the street but we flew into Heathrow &amp; took the National Express bus which is a block away. The room has a flatscreen tv, safe &amp; electric kettle with coffee &amp; tea. The breakfast provided is mostly yogurt , cereal &amp; pastries. The cappuccino was very good. A good place for a lite breakfast is the pastry &amp; pasty shops at Victoria Station. Seafresh on nearby Wilton Rd has good fish &amp; chips &amp; sticky toffee pudding. St Georges Pub is very close. Thankfully we didnt have the noise or water problems the previous posters had &amp; will definitely stay there again.	
May 23 2008 	a public health disgrace	We went for an overnight stay for the Chelsea flower show . We checked in at 2 p.m. and then went off shopping and to a show. When we returned at 11 p.m. there was no running water in our room. We subsequently discovered that this had been the case for two days and had not been fixed. Nobody thought this important enough to tell us! To be fair to the night porter he did his best but the hotel had not even brought in substantial supplies of bottled water. I had to fill a bag -lined waste bin with water from a tap in the toilet on the ground floor and take it up to our room to flush the toilet! I appreciate this was probably a one off incident but the contempt shown to all the residents was staggering. I am not sure how they continued to serve breakfast hygienically when there was no running water to wash hands! The management should be dismissed for failing to address this issue and particularly for not informing us when we checked in in the early afternoon. A disgrace! I did receive a full refund after standing my ground.	
May 10 2008 	Clean and great location but very noisy!	I stayed at the Comfort Inn for one night while in London for work. The hotel was in a very convenient location and was clean and comfortable. I got a good deal through their website (£89 including continental breakfast). However, if you are a light sleeper make sure you take ear plugs (I always travel with them!) as my room was at the front of the hotel and there was a great deal of traffic and street noise which was very audible due to the windows only being single glazed.	
May 8 2008 	Great Location Bad Experience	Decent but had problems.Postives:· good location. It was across the road from my training course location and 2 minute walk from Victoria Station and Underground . A collection of good shops and cafes were down the road in Pimlico.· a clean room with a good samsung flatscreen television and a good shower as well. · good basic breakfast Negatives:· for the first night of my stay, there was no running hot or cold water. It came back at around 4:00pm the next day.· wireless internet connection didn’t work. I bought four hours worth for £8 but it didn’t work at all. I had to go to Café Nero and Starbucks in the end.· Room 208, which I was given, was awkward. I had to go up to second floor then down a small flight of stairs. There was coridor with the toilet and shower on the left and the door and step down to the main room in the front. I nearly fell down with my bag and laptop, whilst going into the room because it was dark and I didn’t see the warning sign for the step. The wash basin was in the main room for some reason. · safe did not work. · not recommended for disabled persons, the corridors were quite narrow for wheelchair users.	
Apr 22 2008 	An ok Hotel in Victoria	I booked the hotel and asked for a twin room hoping to get 2 single beds. On arrival I was told that I was getting a double bed and a sofa bed. I did not expect to come away and to sleep on a sofa bed I wanted a proper bed.The blankets I had were't too clean and the duvet my friend had was very thin and it was very cold.The breakfast was ok. The usual croissants and toast, cereal etc.The hotel is very close to the tube station which was good and handy to see the sites.We were on the 3 rd floor and we could hear people coming back from the pubs etc which did keep us awake a little.It was ok for what we paid.We won't be staying here again we will be going to another hotel we know which is very good.	
Apr 15 2008 	Nice hotel - shame about the customer service	Our basement double room was clean, spacious and had all the basics needed for a comfortable stay. The hotel was in a great location within easy walking of some of London's finest attractions. It was a shame that a few other points let the hotel down in my eyes. The lift at the end of the hall was making noises all night which made it impossible to sleep. Luckily we were three rooms down from the lift shaft - I felt sorry for the people right next door to it.Our toilet had problems flushing and though I mentioned this to the receptionist, nothing was done about it and we had to put up with the constant dripping noise throughout our stay. My main gripe is about the lack of customer service we received from the reception staff upon check in. We were greeted by a cold stare and total silence. The receptionist did not want to speak to us at all and just pointed to where I needed to sign. A smile is free and would have made the whole check in process a little more bearable. The receptionist upon checkout was a lot more helpful &amp; friendly - maybe she could train her colleague in customer service?	
Apr 2 2008	Very clean little Inn.	We stayed here, as we wanted to a base for the Britsih Museum. It was an ideal location as it was very close to the Coach station and even closer to the Train station.Breakfast was nice and the staff helpful. The room was very clean, and at £60 ish pounds it was very reasonable - especially for London.Would stay again and highly reccomend.	
Apr 2 2008 	Spotless room in convenient location	Stayed in a room with one double and one single bed right above front door entrance for four nights. Convenient to attractions and Victoria Station transportation offerings. Did not hear any of the Victoria Station &quot;noise&quot; mentioned by other reviewers even though we slept with windows open. Only heard traffic and people returning late to the hotel which was not an inconvenience. Breakfast allowed for an early start. One of the cleanest rooms we have ever stayed in while traveling. St. George's Pub across the street offers great food and drink.	
Mar 28 2008 	Very Average Hotel	Stayed at the Comfort Inn Victoria for 2 nights in March 2008 as a base for the 02 Arena (Eagles gig).This hotel is literally around the corner from Victoria Railway/Tube station. Very handy, also a lot of shops across the road inside Victoria shopping mall including the usual KFC,McDonalds,M&amp;S, Sainsburys etc.etc.My room was on the top (3rd) floor so was reasonably quiet and getting to sleep was OK. Room was OK with comfortable double bed and flat screen TV. Problem with sink (had to keep taking plug out to drain properly) and the shower ran hot and cold intermittently although the water power was good.At £79 a night it was overpriced but then which London hotel isn't? Breakfast was poor - toast/cheese/boiled eggs, a bit of a rip off. Could't recommend this hotel to anyone and I will try elsewhere next time I visit London.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good Value	To begin with, it must be said, that this has to be one of the cleanest places I have stayed in. The whole place was clean, not just the reception area and nothing beats having a clean bathroom!We were on the top floor, room 405. This meant our room had a slanted roof BUT this didn't make the room feel small at all. We have certainly paid more and stayed in smaller. The bed was a bog standard double, but comfy enough. The only gripe with the bed, is the pillows. I like soft fluffy pillows and these were anything but. It is certainly safe to say that you won't go cold in winter. The room was always warm, sometimes too warm. Just slept out of the duvet to combat this problem.The bathroom is small, but has everything you need. The shower didn't feel cramped and always had hot water within seconds.The breakfast is continental, 4 types of cereal, crossiants, a danish, yoghurt, toast and some other bits and bobs. There is a coffee machine, which dispenses a variety of things.The people on reception were always nice, no problems there.The location is brilliant. Just a few minutes walk to Victoria station and it felt pretty safe in the evenings. A bit of hunting around and there are a few different types of restaurants and many pubs.We would certainly stay there again.	
Nov 21 2007 	Good practical clean hotel	Stayed here for one night in a twin room at the front of the hotel.The room had recently been refurbished and was nice and clean. Room had tea and coffee making facilities. Breakfast was continental style, nothing glamourous but filled a hole!! Coffee machine was not fresh beans so for the coffee lovers take your own instant, it's much nicer, if not Starbucks and similar are round the corner. The only noise was quite obviously from Victoria train station so take ear plugs. Not an unpleasant experience.	
Oct 10 2007 	Cheaper and better than others in the area	I normally stay at the Thistle Victoria, which is on the other side of the station. In comparison, this hotel is cheaper and quieter. The rooms are probably also in better decorative condition. I did have a room at the back of the hotel, which may explain the lack of noise - this didn't have a great view but to be fair in central London you rarely get a fab one. The room was small and contained a double bed and a single one. The continental breakfast was fair - 3 types of cereals, brown and white bread, toaster, fruit juice machine and a coffee machine which made different coffees, hot chocolate etc. There were also a good selection of teas. Bizarrely there was a bowl of baked beans - this must have got cold during the service time. It is 5 min from the tube, mainline station and coach station so would be a reasonable place to stay if you are on the way somewhere or working in London.	
Sep 25 2007	Don't stay with more than two people in your party	We looked for a very long time to find a hotel in a good area, and close to the tube that will sleep two adults and two teens one female and one male. This hotel said they had a room for the four of us, four beds. When we arrived, they gave us a room that was between floors- could not get to it by the elevator, just stairs. It was in the basement. The room had two very small double beds, not owrkable when you have two teens of different sexes. They would never share a bed. The one window overlooks machanical equipment. We had to have my son sleep on the floor for the four nights there. The room was very small and had a sink in the room, not in the bathroom. The air conditioned room was not cooling, so hot. We were later told that the room we were suppose to have, had a big hole in the wall for access to their broken boilers !!???? We were stuck with this room. We were given a small discount upon check out. The desk workers were nice and helpful with directions, and the location was great. But I would not refer anyone to this hotel if for a family, I never saw a room for two, Maybe it would be nicer. We were able to walk to the tube. Not too many places to eat close by. For the rate, find a better hotel.	
Aug 6 2007 	good	I stayed at the comfort inn for 5 nights inJune. I went to the wrong comfort inn first but the staff were helpful and rang the other comfort inn to see if that was the correct one and gave me directions to it. The room was a single but it was immaculate and nicely decorated. The breakfast room was abit too small and I had to time my visits to perfection, in order to get a table. The breakfast was continental and you helped yourself. It was fine but I was bored of it after 5 days. The location is fab - you can walk to buckingham palace and westminster abbey and victoria coach station is on the same road and the train/tube station is right around the corner . I thought is was great value for money and would recommend it.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great for families - terrific value for the location; easy to sightsee	Good price for the location, convenient for sightseeing and good facilities for families. We stayed here over Labor Day weekend, 06 and were pleasantly surprised. The location is easily walkable to Buckingham Palace, and the Victoria Station offers lots of amenities for families - small grocery, McDonalds, even Krispy Kreme donuts! The breakfast room was adequate; liked the fact that they made the toast fresh for you when you sit down. Not a wide variety of choices but adequate, and they were not the least bit upset when we brought along our donuts to eat with the other offerings. The breakfast servers were so friendly and pleasant - although we only stayed for 3 nights they learned our children's names and addressed them personally each time we entered. Our room was on the bottom floor, adjacent to the breakfast room and elevator. The downside - the elevator is very noisy! The beds (double and 2 singles) were fine; room was very large by European standards. Our windows looked out into a dismal little area, causing the hubby to quip that the view looked like something from a Chevy Chase movie. Staff were very helpful and pleasant. We also liked the ice machine in the lobby - a nice treat in Europe.	
Jun 17 2007 	Close to Victoria station	We stayed there from June 7th until June 11th and paid 80 GBP per day for the weekend days, 55 GBP for the Monday.The price is far too high, but may be normal in comparison with equivalent hotels in London. The first night they gave us a room on the ground floor (#111). That was a catastrophe as we couldn't sleep the whole night, the room (see photo) is located straight next to Belgrave Road which actually isn't a very busy street, but there are cars, coaches, trucks and motorbikes passing regularly. Furthermore there is a traffic light in front of the hotel so you hear braking and accelerating traffic all day.You can also hear people walking through the room above you as the rooms have a wooden floor covered with a carpet. The corridors are quite narrow (see photo) and have a strange smell as there is no fresh air.I don't know what it's like when you get a room on the other side of the building. After that cruel first night we were given a room on the top floor (third) where it wasn't really quiet, but quiet enough to sleep as the passing traffic didn't appear that close although the windows are poor. They are old (no double windows and no seals to protect from noise what you might expect from a hotel located next to a London street) and should be replaced.The rooms are rather small, no cupboard to leave your stuff. The bed was small, too. They call it double bed, but it's only about 1,40 m wide which is quite comfortable for one person, but pretty small for two adullts. The mattresses in both rooms we had were very soft and in need of a change. Also the beds consist of only one mattress which causes a lot of movement if one person turns around. I have actually never understood why people think two adults enjoy to sleep on a single mattress.You might guess that the bath was small, too, but big enough to do your thing there. The toilet seats are smaller than European ones and a bit uncomfortable. Concerning cleanliness the bath was average. It wasn't disgusting, but you could see that the cleaning staff uses the same water for many rooms as we had a lot of hair on the floor and the tiles on the wall and the glass of the shower cubicle hadn't been cleaned for a while.The breakfast really was basic as already stated here, but enough for the European taste. American breakfast-lovers might leave the hotel hungry. Every table gets about 10 half slices of toasted bread. You have a small choice of marmelade/jam, cereals, fruit salad, fruit juice and boiled eggs. They also offer coffee in a couple of different varieties and, of course, british tea.The breakfast room opens between 7.00 and 9.30, so get up early.If you would like to have more information just go ahead and ask.	
May 16 2007 	Clean and comfortable rooms	Price: 50 GBP/night incl. cont. breakf.Location: good for most attractions, near Victoria bus stationReception: quick and easy, friendlyRoom: clean and cosy, comfy bed, bathroom small and cleanBreakfast: average, simple selection	
May 4 2007 	Excellent location smelly room	This is a small hotel, with an excellent location just a few minutes walk from Victoria Station. We stayed here for 2 nights at the end of April. Our room (#105) felt like it was in a dungeon, in the basement, at the far end, isolated, down narrow hallways and past various closed doors, The room looked out over a little square walled-in enclosure that had trash on the ground, weeds growing, and a ladder propped up against on a wall. Looked as if the hotel just dumped stuff there. We asked for a different room, but were told there were none (I wonder?). The bathroom was quite clean and large - no complaints there. The shower was great - powerful and plenty of hot water. The room was small, and had a very smelly (like mildew or mold) dirty and stained carpet. Within two days, the awful smell from the carpet permeated into my clothes in my suitcase (which was on the floor of the room.) The room also had a lingering smell of cigarette smoke, but that's not unusual in Europe. The room has a small fan mounted on one wall, and it was good enough since it wasn't yet hot in London. However, the room would be quite unpleasant in hotter weather, with no A/C, a smelly dirty carpet., and an unpleasant view.Staff is generally helpful and polite. I got an iron/ironing board immediately upon request. Phone messages were noted and passed on to us. Continental breakfast was okay - very basic, but okay.Other rooms in the hotel may be better, but I don't know. Avoid room 105 if you can.	
Apr 18 2007 	Good Stay	This hotel is close to Victoria train station. The best way to get to it is to go out the side exit of the Station by track 1. (It is closed late at night, however.) The side exit is on Hudson. Turn right on Hudson and go the block up the incline to the intersection. The hotel is across the road on the left. There is a deli on the corner next to the hotel and a pub across from the deli.We arrived very late at night and the roads were not clearly marked so we had a long walk and ended up at the wrong Comfort Inn, but they directed us to the correct one.The lobby is very small and the lift/elevator is coffin size. We had a triple, which was a double bed and a sofa bed - which didn't have linen the first night. I had expected to get a double and two twins but was so tired by then that I just took what was given. The sofa bed nearly blocked the door when opened up. Also our windows -bath and bedroom- opened to brick walls surrounding the roof of the first floor. I am not sure what we would have done in case of a fire.We had basically two very small rooms and a bath. The shower had beautiful pressure. The room was next to the lift but we heard no noise. The hallways were incredibly narrow. I don't know how the housekeeping staff gets their carts through.Our only problem was getting the lights on. It took a few minutes to figure out that we needed to put our room key in a slot by the door before the lights would work. This was something I had never seen before but found at two other hotels on the 12 day trip.Breakfast was fine - canned fruit, fresh toast, boiled eggs, juice and coffee from a machine, yogurt, beans, and 3 kinds of cereal. Being free was great. We had that at only one other hotel. The breakfast room was smallish and was a bit crowded at times but it was the Easter weekend. One bonus was the luggage room. We were able to leave our luggage on the last day. The room is locked and the clerk has the key, but there was no check in/out so someone could take your bags.I would consider staying again, but the Victoria line of the Tube was not the most convenient. I might want to be on the Circle or District lines for better connections.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great Budget Hotel	Stayed March 2-4, 2007. We had a fairly small room with two twin beds. Almost reminded me of a cruise ship room with hardly any room to move around. But, the bathroom was huge. I'm sure they were just working with the space provided by the original building. Everything seemed very clean and new, although it is in an older building. My guess is that this place was completely redone within the past 5 years. Very clean and modern. We arrived early, so they held our bags in a small, locked room near the front desk--no charge--no problems--very convenient. Breakfast was very good, continental. They bring a basket of toast to you shortly after you sit down. Otherwise it is cold cereals. They also have some eggs, still in the shell, didn't try them. Coffee/espresso machine made very good coffee. Room temp was excellent, excellent hot water and pressure. Location is excellent for Victoria Station. The east side entrance to Victoria Station beside track #1 is literally a 2-3 minute walk. Belgrave is a small road at this point, not too much traffic. There is a pedestrain crosswalk right out front. Only paid £53/night, great deal for London. Comfort Inn has a low price guarantee. When I found a lower one on Expedia, I submitted a claim to Comfort Inn and they beat the best price by about 15%.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great location!	Just a 5 minute walk from Victoria Station. The Gatwick Express departs from Victoria Station so very convenient if arriving or departing Gatwick. The Apollo Theater is right across the street from Victoria Station. See Wicked if you can! The room is worn and in need of renovations, but clean. Newer and clean bathroom. No air-conditioning. There is a small fan in the room that helps on warm nights, but would not be sufficient for summer days and nights. The included breakfast consists of tea, choice of coffee, cappaccino, hot chocolate from a machine, juice, cold cereal, canned fruit, yogurt, toast. Plenty to get you going.We have stayed here a couple of times and would like to try something different in the same general area.	
Mar 2 2007	Great Location	Myself and my 3 children stayed here June 2006. We had I room 1 double bed and 1 sofa double bed. The room was fairly small but very clean and we were only there to sleep. Breakfast basic cereal, fruit, boiled egg etc. Staff friendly but for us it was the location which was the best.. Victoria station, tube station ans our bus stop for Luton airport all a few mins away.Would stay here again.	
Jan 4 2007 	3 star satisfaction	I stayed at Comfort Inn Victoria for 3 nights (227 GBP). The hotel was actually better than I expected- I think it was recently upgraded from 2 to 3 stars. The location is great! It's about a 2 min walk from the Victoria tube and train station and a 5 min walk from the coach station, which made getting to and around London very convenient. There's also a shopping center, Victoria Place, located next to the tube/train station with a grocery store, a drugstore, and a large food court. The hotel was very clean and our room was adequately clean. Our double room was larger than I expected and the bathroom was also of a suitable size. Housekeeping came to tidy our room everyday and provide fresh towels, and there were other welcome amenities such as a hairdryer, a color tv, and a bedroom safe. However, I did have some concerns about the sanitariness of the tea/coffee-making set and the shampoo that was provided. There was no proper closet, although there were clothes hangers, which was fine for our stay. Our room was warm and very quiet- I didn't hear a sound for all 3 nights. A buffet continental breakfast was also provided every morning- although simple, there was quite a bit to choose from and it was filling. There were a few things I didn't like about the hotel. You were required to turn in your room key to reception everytime you left. The view from our room was of a dingy alley so it was much better to just keep the curtains drawn. There was no natural lighting, one of the room lights didn't work, and the lighting was very inconvenient - you couldn't just turn on a bedside lamp to see but had to switch on the main light everytime. The staff was friendly enough but certainly could have been more courteous and professional. Overall, it was a comfortable stay in a great location, but I would try a different hotel the next time I go to London.	
Dec 4 2006	Good Location Decent Price Small Room	Stayed at the Comfort Inn Victoria Nov 3-5 2006. Price was 169.20 GBP for two nights. Location was a 5 minute walk from Victoria Station. Room was very small, even compared to European standards. Bathroom door only opened half was before hitting the bed. The room didn’t seem very clean either. We didn’t spend much time in the room and were only there for two nights, so these things didn’t bother us much. The hotel is also 5 minutes from the Apollo theater showing the play &quot;Wicked&quot;, which was convenient. For the location and decent price in super-expensive London, I thought it was an OK deal but only for 2-3 nights or less.	
Nov 20 2006 	Not a good hotel	Good location. Neutral staff. The rooms were a little bit dirty, smelly and unconfortable, with a tiny and ugly bathroom. There are no closet and no place to put the clothes. There was no lift for the room where I stayed. The breakfast was poor with little variety of food. The waiters are womens dressed with their own clothes when serving at tables. Not a good hotel.	
Nov 3 2006 	Great Location	We stayed at Comfort Inn for three nights in late June. I was a little apprehensive after reading some reviews on trip advisor regarding the size of the rooms however we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Our room had been upgraded to a triple (we were a double) so we had an extra single bed and more space in our room. Everything that the hotel advertised as their facilities were accurate and the breakfast was lovely. The location of Comfort Inn is very close to Victoria Station which is only about a five minute walk away. Belgrave Road is quiet at night time where this hotel is located so there was never a concern regarding the noise. The bathroom was larger than expected, it was clean and functional. Reception staff were accommodating however the only concern that I wanted to rebook the Comfort Inn for our return trip to London and I was advised that if I wanted the internet price that I had to book over the net! I couldn't book directly with the staff! The hotel is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Harrods however the London Tube is so efficient that we ended up catching the Tube everywhere. I would definately book the Hotel Comfort Inn again if I ever returned to London.	
Oct 17 2006 	Noisy and uncomfortable	Good location for Victoria Station, especially if you have luggage.Staff were ambivalent about usRoom was tiny and dirtyThe bed was very uncomfortableVery noisy other guests - but that could happen anywherebreakfast very averagefine for one night stopover, but not for a longer stay	
Oct 9 2006 	No frills great location	My sister and I just returned from three nights in London. We chose this hotel because we wanted to be close to Victoria Station in order to catch the train to Gatwick Airport for a very early morning flight home. The room was very small (as expected in Europe), but was very clean, had a safe, and the bathroom was strangely huge, with a massive tub. Check-in was quick and easy. Despite what hotel web-site says, the did NOT have internet (manager said this was being installed in the future). Breakfast was meager, with toast, canned fruit and cereals (we had much more elaborate breakfasts at other English hotels during our trip). The best thing about this hotel is that it is very convenient to all things &quot;tourist&quot;. The Tube, train, and bus station (Victoria Station) is literally around the corner. Attached to Victoria Station is a shopping mall that stays open until 11pm, and we stopped there on our way back to the hotel each night to get food from the market deli, saving money on restaurant bills. We felt very safe as two women walking in the neighbourhood at night. Hotel is within easy walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, St. James Palace and Parliament. Two theatres (showing musicals Billy Elliot and Wicked) are a 90-second walk from the hotel. We were grateful for the advice we read on this site, and asked for a room at the back of the hotel - it was reasonably quiet, and I can see how a room at the front of the building would have been noisy. The hotel itself is decent, and the location is the reason we would stay there again.	
Oct 9 2006 	Very good value.	We stayed 3 nights in late September 2006. The hotel is clean and comfortable, and the staff friendly.	
Jun 26 2006	Adequate 	Comfort Inn Victoria is handy for the tube, relatively cheap and with (for London) big rooms but we did encounter a number of problems - * We requested a triple room with a double &amp; two singles but were given a room with two doubles. When we asked at reception we were told it was the only room available for 3 people. They did give us a rollaway bed but it was almost on the floor and not what we wanted - or booked!* The room wasn't the cleanest - dusty, greying bed clothes etc* The bathroom was tiny - like being on an airplane with only a shower (not bhe cleanest) and toilet - the sink was in the main bedroom* While there was an air conditioner in the room it wasn't working - apparently they're in the process of being installed (June 06) but the only people in the whole place who seemed to be cool were the receptionists who did have working air con* The choice for breakfast is pretty poor - cereal, hard boiled eggs, yogurt &amp; toast* Our room was in between 2 floors, which meant there was no lift to our &quot;floor&quot; &amp; so we had to carry our bags up a flight of stairs. Luckily we were only there for the weekend but for anyone with big bags it would be very awkward* We had a room on the inside of the hotel which looked out on a very narrow yard which contained some sort of machine which made a very loud and annoying noise long into the night (at least 2.00am when I finally fell asleep)* On our last day we had to climb over a large pile of dirty laundry which completely blocked the bottom of the stairs in order to check out - the reception staff weren't in the least apologetic about this All in all, you get what you pay for. The main reason I booked it was for a triple room with 3 beds and that's not what I got. Not the worst place I've every stayed but definitely not the best either. Having stayed in the Holiday Inn Express in Southwark on a previous trip I'll be looking for a HI Express again next time I visit London. Cleaner rooms, better breakfast &amp; friendlier staff!!!	
Jun 14 2006	TWO Comfort Inns Near Victoria Station	As we rode the National Express buses into/out of Victoria Coach Station, we were sure we spotted our Comfort Inn. However, after our Baltic cruise, we showed up at the door and it was the wrong Comfort Inn! Yes, there are TWO very near Victoria Station. One is a block away on St. Georges Drive and then ours.. another block away on Belgrave Road. Both look fine and handy for the traveler. The Inn on Belgrave Road is comfortable and economical for London. (68 GBP/double) The hotel is based on a Victorian walkup and we had a twin room on the main floor. It was en suite, well equipped, with a great tea/coffee service. We were able to reserve the room from the USA on the Choice Hotels website and the complimentary breakfast was varied and substatial. Many of the hotel patrons were not tourists, but Brits in for the weekend Chelsea Flower and Garden Show. It is very handy to The Tube and we were able to ride the Mellinium Wheel over the Thames. Yes, we would stay there again and explore London from the Comfort Inn Belgrave..	
May 23 2006	Interesting	My boyfriend and i was travelling to the West country so he booked a hotel to save us from travelling early. he booked us a double room with a single bed because they said that is all they have left. to our confusement we arrived in room 511 with four single beds, but we didn't complain we were tired enough...mangement staff need to communicate more obviously. i read in the welcome book that the room was newly refurbished and wow can you tell, it was the most comfortable nights sleep iv had in months. One big problem with our room though every 10 mins or so you hear a train (yes a train) go past our room it was very bizarre and annoying when your trying to watch tv. for £97 a night it wasn't what we expected. We was so comfortable with our beds we failed to get to breakfast, though it sounds good! Location was great for us, although we heard the trains go past regularly, we were set to do more traveling that day with not too far to walk. I am a part-time chambermaid and i was sooo impressed with the overall cleanliness of the room, the beds were done so well and the bathroom was spotless! would recommend the hotel, just be clear of what room you want and one where u can't hear the train next to you!!	
May 4 2006	Good Value	Went to London with my family and stayed here for 6 nts. Great location within a couple of minutes walk of Victoria Station. Gatwick Express has trains to station. Most of our stay was in a quad room which was very large for European standards. Beds and pillows weren't the most comfortable but after long days of sightseeing we had no problem sleeping. Walls not too great if you have loud neigbors. Always plenty of hot water in shower.Nice but standard continental breakfast. All employees very willing to help out. St. George'spub just up the street had good and very reasonalable priced food and drink. Other good pubs within short walking distance. Victoria tube station just 5 minute walk. Walk to Buckingham Palace about 10-15 minutesOverall very pleased with accommodations.	
Apr 26 2006	What a Weekend	This was are first time staying at this hotel and what great time we had with the staff they were very helpful to me as i was running the marathon on the sunday and they made every arrangement that i needed to be done they did it and when i asked for an early breakfast on the sunday they said no problem what do you want it,and we will give you awakw up call as well now how kind is that.	
Jan 8 2006	Good for layover only	Rooms are small and plain and reasonably priced. Close proximity to Victoria Station makes this hotel good for a one night stay on the way out of the city and on to Gatwick next morning. Nothing more.	
Dec 15 2005	Excellent value	My husband and I really enjoyed our break at this hotel. Beautiful refurbished modern rooms,spotless, new immaculate bathrooms, very friendly staff and a wonderful breakfast. We would recommend this to anyone wanting to stay in above average comfort close to all major attractions in London. Excellent value for money.	
Oct 17 2005	Fantastic Location	This hotel is better than what we have expected. It is near the Victoria coach station and the tube.Estimated about 5-8 mins walk. We took the coach from the airport and dragged the luggage to the hotel. And food is accessible from the shops in the London station. The hotel room is small but cosy.It is cooling and quiet in the nite. Though the toilet is small, its enough to accomodate the two of us. One bonus is that the room comes with a safe. We spent 158 british pound for 2 nites. And our rate comes with the standard breakfast.	
Jul 21 2005	Very Hot Rooms Not ideal for Summer	My family and I stayed there for two nights while in London. I read the reviews and wanted a place to be near Victoria Station, which it was. The main problem was that the rooms were VERY VERY HOT. I would not suggest booking this place in the summer. There is NO air conditioner and just a small fan that blows around hot air. There is one small window in the room, but no air would circulate. Sleeping at not was not very comfortable as it was still hot. The only place that had AC was the lobby, I'd rather sleep there. The rooms were ok on cleaniness, I guess you get what you pay for. The bathroom was clean, but the towels were very small, and I would suggest bring your own soap, shampoo and conditioner. The plus sid was the continental breakfast was nice. There was cereal, boiled eggs, yogurt, cheese, toast, and juice/coffee.	
Jul 7 2005	Nice hotel and great location	My father, son and I stayed here for 10 days. The rooms are small by American standards, but we weren't here to spend time in the rooms. There is no air conditioning, but there is a fan. The temps. were mid-60's to 80 degrees farenheit, but we never found the rooms to be uncomfortable. The windows overlook a very busy street which is loud from 7:00 am to about 9:00 pm and there is a local tavern two doors up where the patrons can be noisy until around 11:00 pm. If you are a light sleeper, this isn't the place for you. The location of the hotel is fabulous - just a block from Victoria Station where there is a large bus, train and underground connection. A mall is attached with many shops and fast food restaurants. The hotel is very clean and the breakfast is wonderful. Some one complained of vending machine coffee, which I noticed when I went for breakfast the first day, but I found the coffee to be pretty good and always had a second cup. There were three types of cereals, boiled eggs, yogurt and cheeses, toast, juice and fruit cocktail for breakfast. My biggest complaint would be that the pillows supplied by the hotel are poor. All in all, we rested comfortably and would stay there again.	
Jul 4 2005	I won't be back	Not impressed. The room was extremely hot, hotter indoors than it was outside. There was a fan in the room but it didn't help. With the window wide open, no cool air could come in, because the curtain blocked all the air. Tried to open the curtain but it was not designed to be open and wouldn't stay pulled back. Also, the windows of other buildings were so nearby that keeping the curtain open was like inviting others into the room. Hairdryer didn't work and the front desk didn't answer when I tried to phone about that (it was late at night but they claim to have a 24-hour desk). Spent one miserable, sticky night there and was glad I wasn't staying two nights as originally planned. The hotel is very close to Victoria station, but that did not make up for everything else. I'll stay somewhere else next time.	
Jun 21 2005	What a value!	The Comfort Inn Victoria station was a little jewel! I booked right from their website and the room was a deal, especially in London. It was just down the street from Victoria Station. the rooms were very clean. The only problem we had was the delay when you inserted the card key in the wall thingy for the lights to come on. When you enter the hotel, it is no frills. The rooms are actually nicer than the lobby. I asked for an iron and was given one immediately. We enjoyed our stay and would stay there again. The continental breakfast is far better than the ones this chain offers in the US. If you go away from there hungry, that is your own fault!	
Mar 3 2005	Great location and value	This hotel is located in a real convenient location, only a minute walk away from Victoria station.The hotel was clean and tidy and for a 3 star in london having breakfast included was a bonus.We were stayed for 4 nights, staff were friendly and accommodating as the hair dryer in the room did not work and we needed more pillows as the ones we had we very very poor. There was also works taking place that woke up us ealry and kept on banging..but Im hopefully its all over now!	
Mar 1 2005	Great Hotel	My three friends and I stayed for a weekend in this hotel in February of 2005. We were pleasantly surprised by our room. It was large and very nice. The room and bathroom were both clean. The location is ideal as it is right down the street from the coach station, the train station and the underground. All of these were literally a two minute walk away. The staff was very helpful. We would recommend that anyone stay here.	
Feb 21 2005	Great Hotel in Central Location	I recommend this Hotel to anyone visiting London! It has good size rooms and nice spacious bathroom entirely clean to perfection! It's only say five minutes walk maximum to Victoria station and a couple of minutes less for the Victoria tube line. We arrived at hotel at midnight so we took a taxi which came only about £6! Checking in and out was problemless as the staff is very helpful and friendly. Morning continental breakfast was of good quality. On the whole this hotel is ideal for persons visiting London or for those stopping for the night in London. On the whole it's a great hotel in a great location!	
Feb 14 2005	Never again		
Dec 10 2004	Very Convenient to Victoria Station		
Dec 5 2004 	Recommended!		
Aug 28 2004	Ideal location but smelly room !		
Aug 20 2004	a lovely hotel that is very clean!		
Jul 20 2004	Great location - I'd stay here again		
Jul 10 2004	Nice Hotel		
Jul 3 2004	Pretty Good		
Feb 23 2004	Great Value Hot clean showers		
Jul 28 2003	The Comfort Inn at Victoria Station		
Oct 26 2009 	Posizione ottima pulito personale gentile ma...		
Oct 19 2009 	attenzione! non prenotate!		
Oct 15 2009 	al comfort inn victoria soggiorno....confortevole		
Aug 18 2009 	un po' caro ma ottimale		
Jul 19 2009 	Ce ne sono di migliori		
Mar 19 2009 	buon hotel economico		
Mar 4 2009 	hôtel très bien situé		
Mar 1 2009 	ottima posizione confortevole		
Aug 21 2007 	Location perfetta		
Mar 19 2007 	Es war dreckig!!		
May 25 2006	Hôtel très bien situé		
