Nov 19 2009 	Spotlessly clean and the best beds in the entire world	So far, I've stayed three times in the Parkcity hotel (twice in 2008 and once in 2009).It was, consistently, one of the cleanest hotels I've ever been to, with a helpful, professional staff, and most importantly the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. I was travelling with colleagues during the two trips in 2008, and they both also commented on just how superb the beds are.Some remarks, also regarding other reviews around here:1) don't bother with the breakfast buffet; get breakfast through room service. I always get some kind of coffee and the breakfast option where you get this huge assortment of toast, bread rolls, pastries, marmelades, jams and honey, all for less than 10 pounds, delivered to your room. you get this order card that you hang outside your door until 3am or so. it's delicious and incredibly good value.2) the hair dryers are to be found, for reasons I don't quite understand, in a drawer in the room (underneath the TV), not in the bathroom3) it's an old building, in England, and thus it's no surprise the AC dies sometimes - it happened to a colleague on one of the 2008 trips I think, but since the adjacent street is super quiet, you can just open the windows. Other than tearing down the entire premise, I suppose they can't do much about it4) Internet access is indeed not free, but that's something that annoys me about pretty much every single hotel in Europe5) it's sometimes very hot in the corridors, which I think is due to the (otherwise nice) lighting in there which heats up the narrow and low corridors quite quickly6) they have excellent Bose WAVE radios in the rooms; I only wish those had iPod connectors - that would be perfectI haven't tried their restaurant or bar. Earl's Court and Gloucester Road tube stations are a ~10 minute walk each. Credit card is charged with 50 pound per day (I think) security deposit that is transferred back after checkout. Bathrooms have very nice Molton Brown toiletries. Leave your business card in the glass bowl at the reception, they have a monthly raffle for a free stay or something. As far as I remember, there is no minibar in the rooms, but I think there is a fridge that was supposed to be used for the minibar, so you can just buy whatever you need from the (huge) Sainsbury around the corner.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great location quiet clean rooms.	Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights during WTM. Hotel sales and reservations department very friendly and ready to help. All the rooms have been booked directly. They kept the bags on first and last day of stay in a safe storage area.Rooms quiet and well furbished and very clean. The standard room is maybe a bit too small for two people inside, but the hotel offers few larger standard rooms. The only small discomfort noticed during the 4 nights, was the small difference in height of the two single mattresses, as one of them was probably new. Excellent location of hotel in a quiet street. Gloucester road and Earls court tube station very close.Hotel should improve the breakfast and include the full english breakfast in the buffet as well, because after few days, the continental breakfast doesn't offer variety in food selection.Internet access rates a bit too high, so this should be also taken into consideration justbecause there are lot of bars nearby that offer free wifi.Recommended.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location lovely street	We stayed here for 2 nights after arriving from Australia. We stayed on the top floor and had a view onto the street. We travelled with a 5yo and found the hotel very quiet and with the larger room (superior?) we were able to have her sleeping in a fold out. There was a Sainsbury very close and the Tesco a little down the main road. 2 minor complaints are that the room was hot, we had to open the windows all night and still felt hot (we were on the top floor) and that they took a 100 pound bond and kept the hold on my card for about 3 weeks. All up our experience in the hotel was fine and the hotel was nice. Recommend to anyone trying to get over jetlag.	
Nov 7 2009 	if you get a good price for the location - go there	Rooms clean and of good size for London. Bathrooms also clean and not too small. Staff correct. Breakfast a waste of time - very expensive and very average - go to one of the many cafes along Gloucester Road. Ridiculous having to pay for internet access, when the hotel is not cheap. Tried going to the bar one evening: very &quot;Faulty Towers&quot; as has been mentioned here. No staff, 4 guests helping themselves from behind bar, including one poor man who only needed ice for an injured knee. After going twice to reception, they explained that there was to be a party later on that evening and the bar man had gone shopping! I certainly heard the party that night (window opened due to lack of aircon as previously mentioned in other reviews) and actually thought of going to join it - I may then have had my cocktail!	
Nov 6 2009 	What has happened to this hotel?	I am about to book the Parkcity again but the reviews seem to be getting worse!We first stayed last December 08 and found it excellent then we stayed in March 09 and noticed a fall in standards. Allthough we paid for Deluxe the room was smaller, the mini bar was empty, we had to ask for slippers and robes and another chair as there were 2 of us. (All arrived immediately) Concierge seemed to have been laid off, reception not quiet so welcoming. Robe hook missing in bathroom. Little things but the place still gleamed like new , bed still great, all staff friendly. However recent reviews are really getting worrying. Would the management like to comment?Please keep your reviews coming in if you have stayed in the last few weeks. The top places on T/A now seem to be twice the price of the Parkcity and a bit steep for our budget.	
Oct 31 2009 	Clean 	While our room was quite small, the bathroom was generously sized. The reception desk was helpful with all our needs. The continental breakfast--included in our room rate--was filling and satisfying. It includes meats, cheeses, yogurt, cereals, and dried fruits. It was a nice way to start the day.Luckily, our room included a hair dryer, and the toiletries provided were quite good. The bed was soft and comfortable, and the flat screen TV was a plus. Overall, the experience was positive for a standard room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Intimate Hotel and Kid-Friendly Too	It's usually hard to find a hotel that fits the bill for both kids and adults, but the Parkcity did just that. I took my kids (9 &amp; 12) for a long weekend in London and found the hotel to be the perfect home base for us. It was modern, clean and upscale enough for me and yet no one raised an eyebrow when my kids were goofing around in the lobby. Having lived in London before I knew what I needed to make this enjoyable for everyone. First, location. The hotel is in one of the great upscale London neighborhoods and I think they actually took a bunch of terrace houses and combined them to make a hotel. It's right off Cromwell Road which is super busy (but easy to hail a taxi) but the street is very, very quiet. Its located right in the middle of two tube stations which was perfect for traveling and also for finding some quick and easy restaurants to grab a meal. I found that the Earls Court Station was a much better deal with nicer shops and restaurants. Also a shortish walk down Cromwell Road puts you at the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A Museum. A bit further down is Harrods. Hyde Park is a short walk away too as is Kensington High Street. The hotel decor is very modern and it's clear that it was either built or renovated recently. We initially were given the handicaped room on the first floor which was large but didn't have a tub. I also thought being right off the lobby wasn't ideal. The hotel was very accomodating and gave us a room on an upper floor which was fantastic. We faced the street and had a small roof terrace althought the door was locked. Most importantly, the room was very large. They bought in a cot for my younger daughter, which was more like a twin bed and very comfortable, and even then we had plenty of room to move around and put our stuff. The hotel was very quiet at night. There was also a fridge in the room which came in handy. There is a supermarket and Starbucks right around the corner. We also discovered on our last night there that tea is complimentary in the room. They give you a kettle and all the stuff needed. Very nice, especially since we are all tea drinkers. There may be a coffee option for this. The bed was super comfy and it had nice linens and duvets. No skanky polyester bedspread. Bathroom was very spacious, clean and modern. One negative is that there is no concierge on duty. I believe they have a part timer but they were never there when we needed them. I actually just called Ticketmaster UK for theater tickets and had no problems. Saw Wicked and loved it. Using Earls Court Station were at the theater in 15 minutes door-to-door. Hard to get maps and touristy brochures and stuff like that though. As for booking, I tried Travelocity and Expedia and both said our number (3) exceed the max allowed in a room. Tried the hotel website directly and they said no rooms available. So I called the hotel directly and had no problems with a room booking. In fact, they had three room type options available (it was not an issue having 3 in one room). Best of all, the price quoted was over $100 cheaper per night than any of the three websites had listed! We stayed in the executive room. Overall, great hotel and I will stay there for all future trips. And here's a helpfull hit, take the tube everywhere and make sure to buy some type of daily or weekly pass. I live outside of NYC and I thought that was expensive. London will blow you mind with how expensive things are.	
Oct 25 2009 	Need to try harder	An executive room for 3 people had been booked and many calls to the hotel to check this were made with assurances that the 3rd bed was a standard single.On arrival we were in a room that was fine for 2. The service thereafter was poor-staff had to be constantly reminded that we needed 3 of everything and the 3rd bed when it arrived was a put-u-up with broken springs. Breakfast was ok but luke warm. Tea and coffee etc were advertised as part of the executive room deal-but had to be ordered. When asking for tea in the morning a kettle with tea bags etc and cartons of UHT milk were produced.There was some Molton Brown bottles but whatever was in them smelled horrible.All in all very poor effort from what is supposed to be a top class hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	A spacious hotel in London! Unimaginable but true!	We were very happy with this hotel. The rooms were really spacious making it perfect as a temporary office. Beds were comfy, rooms spotless. The cosy bar downstairs is ideal for getting together at the end of the day- but closes at about 12PM. And don't rely on the mini-bar- its empty.The hotel is situated between two tube stations but in both cases it is a 5 minute walk but it's location means that rooms are very quiet .Breakfast was expensive and not very exciting- on the Sunday it was totally chaotic- they did not cope with all the guests.One the whole staff were friendly and efficient but there were a few language problems.	
Oct 20 2009 	Nice hotel in Kensington	we were a group of 7 ladies visiting this hotel and booked 2 standard twin rooms and 1 triple exec room, the standard twin/double rooms are medium sized rooms and very good, - quiet, comfy beds and nice bathroom. however if you want tea/coffee facilities and robes which are advertised on the website as in every room, you have to request them from reception. we didnt find this out until the 2nd day! - it would have been nice to have them in the room. The triple executive room was dissapointing with the 3rd adult bed being a put' you up bed suitable for a child, no extra water ,robe or tea/coffee facilities so not sure what the difference is in the quality of the rooms? we stayed on a sat nite and the hotel was full so I dont think we had an executive room - the full english breakfast (xtra 5£) was luke warm, but the continental buffet breakfast was available and good quality - the location is v good, not too far to walk to Kensington High st, and a safe area to walk.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at The Parkcity for 3 days, and had an absolutely wonderful time. The hotel has a lot of charm, and a very helpful staff. This is not to say we did not experience any minor faults. The aircondition in our room did not work, we could only get warm air out of it. Although when we switched the aircondition off and opened the window, the temperature became nice for sleeping. This was not a problem since the hotel is located on a quiet street. In addition, the staff brought us a portable airconditioner to use if necessary. The room and bathroom were very cozy, spotlessly clean and rather large for London hotels, although we missed a hairdryer in the bathroom. The breakfast was also very good with warm rolls although the selection of bread and spreads could have been much larger. However, we could order a full English breakfast for the cost of 5 pounds extra. The staff in the breakfast room was also very helpful. The location of the hotel is very central with the Central, District, and Piccadilly lines at nearby stations (approximately 5 minutes to walk to Earl's Court and Gloucester Road (Earl's Court is the nearest station, but all the three abovementioned lines stop at Gloucester Road)). We would definitely stay here again, and look forward to our next visit.	
Oct 18 2009 	Hmmm - rooms not bad - service not brilliant	There were 6 of us staying in 3 rooms and so the hotel recommended we take the apartment. Rooms were quite nice, but the lounge area which came with the rooms was not brilliant. Very old fashioned, dusty and just a bit grim. Could do with an update. Didn't bother us too much as we only really needed the bedrooms, but doesn't give a good impression at all of the hotel. Desk staff just lacked some customer-service and had a bit of attitude about them. Didn't make you feel like you were staying in a good hotel. Molton Brown toiletries say one thing, staff and service say another.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fawlty Towers	This hotel must have a Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde character judging by the disparity between the glowing reviews,the uncomplimentary reviews and our own experience. Despite having booked a room for an extra night before the morning we would need to check in after a 24 hour flight from Australia we arrived at 7am to be told there was no room available. The staff seemed surprised we were not grateful to them for suggesting we would not be charged for the extra night. We were then left to wait for over an hour as no one from housekeeping was available to service a room for us.We wondered who had slept in the room we had booked and had confirmed by the hotel. The air conditioning did not work and the temperature in the corridor outside our room was tropical, to put it mildly. The temperature in our room was not much better. The neighbours seem to let their children out into the streets to play at 3am and shutting the windows was not an option due to the airconditioning malfunction which the staff told us had been a problem for days. They seemed curiously proud of this fact. After a night of no sleep we checked out, despite having intended to stay for several days,and went to another hotel. The staff were unhelpful,the room ordinary and we could see little to recommend this hotel to fellow travellers. My husband had stayed there the year before and was amazed at the decline in standard over such a short period of time.	
Oct 16 2009 	faultless in every respect	i stayed at the parkcity in london for 3 nights from october 7 -10 october 2009.check in was professional, elegant and courteous. a young woman by the name of tunde was the epitome of understated cool.the hotel was clean, contemporary as were the rooms.a young gentleman by the name of giovanni made everything exceptionally easy right from the get go when i called him from australia right till i checked out.eddie jaber the manager i think too made it quite clear he was happy to have looked after me at the hotel and the place can simply not be faulted.it was close to what i wanted, breakfast was ample and the clientele in general was conducive to the hotel itself.understated but cool and efficient.the rooms were more than big enough by london standards and i had room 12 overlooking the courtyard.i was not bothered continuously by overzealous staff trying to cater to my every whim.more than affordable and well worth a try as i will be doing again when i am in london nextwell done giovanni,tunde,eddie and elena i think !bravo	
Oct 15 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	We booked this hotel after reading so many fantastic reviews on trip advisor. We were not disappointed. The hotel is in a fantastic location, close to many attractions. It is a short walk from the tube station. We booked a standard room, which turned out to be one of the largest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in, it felt more like a suite than a standard double room. The room felt luxurious with a fantastic arrray of products available for personal use. I believe that the price paid to stay in this hotel is a bargain.	
Oct 14 2009 	Absolutely Magnificent	Just as other reviewers have raved about this hotel, I too would like to compliment this fantastic little hotel. We made bookings for seven people in the hotel and all of them agreed that the standard and the professionalism of the hotel and its staff were second to none. As my husband works in the travel industry, we enquired about industry rates and were pleasantly surprised by the very generous rates they presented us with. As we were arriving from Australia and the exchange rate was very favourable to us, we also enquired about pre-paying our room booking which was no problem at all and the accounts team were very obliging and professional in confirming that payment had indeed been received. The hotel is in a great location with a number of tube stations to choose from and Kensington High Street only 10-15 minutes walk away for all of your high street stores. A Sainsburys was also just around the corner which proved very useful for those &quot;little things&quot; (Panadol, blister plasters etc.).The hotel is stylishly decorated - modern, minimal yet tasteful and elegant. The rooms were well stocked with products and the beds unbelievably comfortable. Everyone commented how immaculately clean and well-mainted the hotel and rooms were and for me as a traveller, this is probably the most important thing I look for.The breakfast room was light and airy and whilst the buffet was not massive, it was very satisfying and did the job nicely. The cooked breakfast could also be ordered and from reports from the family, it was superb and presented as if some gourmet dish!The staff were very accommodating and were quick to recognise that we were all there as a group so made sure we all were accomodated e.g. booking 2 taxis when we left the hotel. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. Do check though if they are prepared to negotiate rates during the quiet time as I did hear them mention it at reception a couple of times so it is always worth asking.	
Oct 9 2009 	Will definitely stay there again!	My husband and I stayed at the Parkcity for seven nights in September. We have stayed in numerous small hotels in London over the last several years and I have never wanted to repeat - but the Parkcity is one we will definitely return to. I chose this hotel based on the location and reviews, neither of which disappointed. There are 3 Tube stations within easy walking distance (Gloucester Rd, Earl's Ct, High St Kensington), which gives lots of options. We returned to the hotel late at night several times and never felt uncomfortable walking back from the Tube. There are many restaurants, stores, etc within walking distance and a grocery store (Sainsbury's) very close by. The hotel itself was great - very clean, modern, quiet. The bedroom was certainly big enough for two, with adequate closet space and seating, and the bathroom was quite large by most standards. We stayed in a front room, which I would recommend - lots of light and very little street/traffic noise. We happened to be there during a warm spell so it was also nice to have air conditioning in the room. Continental breakfast in the dining area was very adequate (cereal, meats and cheeses, yogurt, breads) and convenient. I was concerned about some comments regarding the hotel staff but we found them to be very efficient and helpful when needed, although not overly friendly. As for getting to and from Heathrow, the hotel is on the Piccadilly line so its an easy 45 minute ride both ways.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel. 10 minute walk to 2 underground stations. Quiet. Modern. Only negative - remote control was worn out.	
Oct 8 2009 	Would Stay Here Again	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at the Parkcity hotel in London. Our hotel room was very clean and modern, although it was a little noisy at night. I'm not sure if it was the train passing by or the elevator, but with the white noise machine we brought it really wasn't a big deal. The flood on our bathroom floor after every shower was annoying, although seeing that our Paris hotel had the same half-shower door I guess that's common. I wouldn't say the front desk service was exceptional, but I don't have any complaints. The staff were very helpful in giving us directions, especially upon arrival when our room wasn't yet ready. Breakfast was included with our reasonable rate, and, again, it wasn't exceptional, but it was sufficient. The location was great for us- a short walk to the metro stop, with plenty of restaurants and grocery stores to stop at along the way. I felt very safe walking along the route from the metro stop to the hotel, even at night. My top criteria for a good hotel are cleanliness and safety. In those respects the Parkcity gets an A+.	
Sep 28 2009 	E*xcellent stay	The hotel is very clean and modern. I found it through Tripadvisor and was really impressed. teh area is also very nice. we ere extremely happy with our stay. Very good price/quality relation	
Sep 28 2009 	AWFUL! Room Location AND Staff all Lousy! THE WORST!!!	From the second we checked in we were worried! The fellow who checked us in was not welcoming AT ALL and provided no help when asked for it. We also were led to a room (out 2 security doors off to a side corridor from the hotel &quot;proper,&quot; then a flight BELOW street level!) that was not numbered and had a faulty air conditioner, NO SCREEN on the window, or blinds (so we had to stuff the curtian in the bottom &quot;crack&quot; of the window to keep bugs out!) and was missing towels. Asked if this was a normal room or what - we were given a strange story of how we had a room in the &quot;family suit&quot; section of the hotel - which made no sense (we were a couple traveling alone!) and when ask for ice (there were no Ice or Vending machines anywhere in this dump) it took them 35 minutes to show up with it - and we never got the 2nd &quot;large&quot; towel we also asked for at that time. The Staff here made the visit HORRIBLE - and the residential area this place is located on is SO out of the way from ANYTHING we wanted to do it made taking the overcrowded TUBE an hourly routine! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY here!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Terrible hotel and staff	We staid 3 nights there.I always prefer the international hotels, but this time I have chosen hotel according to Tripadvisor ratings.Our room was on a third floor and the temperature in the room was around 30 degree of Celsius a day and night, because the air ventilation and conditioning was faulty. Even the opened window has not helped to reduce the temperature. The hotel staff could not change the room, because of no rooms left for replacement. They changed just a last night for one night.. They have charged my credit card twice and still the charge is not releases, unless I have send the email to hotel, but now response.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great surprise in London	The Parkcity is a very stylish and comfortable place to stay. Near several of London's best museums and some great hidden pubs. Located in a beautiful quiet neighborhood, we were immediately impressed with the professionalism of the staff, the beautiful decor and our large comfortable room. Nice small cocktail bar and upscale restaurant as well.	
Sep 14 2009 	Pleasant Surprise - An Excellent Hotel	I travelled down to London with my partner on Friday for business, and decided to stay for an extra night. The hotel we had stayed in the night before was the Millennium Hotel Knightsbridge, and there was no rooms available for us to stay in the following night. We made a quick switch to the Park City Hotel, and we got a great last minute rate of £159 for the night, including breakfast.When we arrived at the Park City Hotel we were pleasantly surprised. The staff were very friendly and offered us recommendations on places to dine for the evening. They even rang up and made us a reservation at one of the nearby restaurants.The hotel reception was clean and modern, and very chilled out. When we got into the room we were surprised at how spacious the rooms were, with a large wardrobe at the end, and acres of space in the middle of the room. The whole room was clean and modern. We stayed on the 3rd floor at the rear of the hotel so we didn't hear any street noise, but this hotel is located on a quiet street with very little traffic anyway.The only downside to this hotel is that the location is slightly out of the way if you are looking to get to more lively areas such as Knightsbridge, but Kensington tube stop is a 10 minute walk away, and a taxi will get you to Buckingham palace for £11. The full english breakfast in the morning was very tasty, although there was only one fat sausage, but the room service was on time, and they made us a complimentary fruit salad.On the whole this hotel was excellent, it was quiet, with plenty of restaurants within walking distance (about 10-15 walk depending on your tastes), the room was clean, modern and spacious and the staff were very friendly.	
Sep 7 2009 	Helpful Staff Homely Environment	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for our honeymoon and our first trip ever to the UK, and it turned out to be the best decision made for the trip! I had booked this hotel based on the reviews from tripadvisor.com, so I'm glad to be writing back about it.When we arrived in London we decided to use the tube, so we called the hotel from a pay-phone in Paddington Underground. The hotel staff tried to guide us about the train to take but we took a different one and landed up at Earl's Court Rd station instead of Gloucester Rd. After another phone call, asking lots of people on the streets and several wrong turns later we found the hotel and checked in. It's a small hotel, and not so well known even in the neighbourhood.Our room was really nice and spacious, with bright incandescent lighting and white sheets on the bed. They even put a bar of chocolate on each pillow every night! The bathroom was quite modern, clean and fully functional. The Bose CD Player was a nice addition too.It was almost midnight so we ordered a smoked salmon sandwich and soup from hotel's 24 hr cafe. It was expensive but quite tasty. Apart from that, we never really ate in the hotel, since we found some amazingly good and cheap restaurants/cafes in the nearby Earl's Court Road (Benji's Breakfast there is highly recommended!).The staff in the hotel was very helpful. They guided us every day about how to get to the places of interest we wanted to see, and how we could get there using public transport. We stuck to buses all the time because buses give a great opportunity to see the town while traveling through. By the third day, we were pros at navigating the London bus network :DNear the end of our 5 night stay, the hotel staff also gave us complimentary time on their computer and printer so we could check-in on our flights. They even got us a BMW 7 Series cab for £70 to the airport, which was actually very nice after all the traveling in public transport.All in all this is a dependable and comfortable hotel in the excellent borough of Kensington and Chelsea. It is a bit on the expensive side, though.	
Sep 6 2009 	Air Conditioning!	I have two criteria, 4Star and A/C, the rest I will take it as I find it. Having booked in the Parkcity for a Sat night out in London I was less than impressed to find the A/C in my room was useless AND the common areas on the 4th floor where almost tropical.I checked with other guests on the 4th floor who also found issues with the heat and none functioning A/C.The Hotel was fine, perhaps quite good in most other respects, modern, clean and quite efficient.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed at Parkcity for 2 nights at end of August 09. The hotel is in a group of period houses in a side road in Kensington. The room was spacious (for London), modern, air-conditioned and very well equipped. The bathoroom was large, with tub with shower over. The breakfast included in our rate was excellent - lots of choice.The reception areas and room were all contemporary and stylish without conflicting with the period setting. Our only issue was the noise. The windows in our room were period sash windows with no secondary glazing. Overall a very good experience. We will return if we can get as good a deal on price again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very nice!	Stayed here back in February 09, but just doing the review now sorry! We spent 3 nights here and had a great time. I found the location surprisingly good - it's a really nice neighbourhood with good access to the sights of London either via tube or foot.Due to the time of year, it wasn't that busy, and I think maybe we were given a somewhat better room. It was nicely decked out, and the bathroom was up a few stairs on a higher level, with an awesome shower.Everything was very clean and well maintained, and all the staff we dealt with were very friendly.Would definitely stay here again if the price was right!	
Aug 28 2009 	I want to move in!	I recommend using the Gloucester Road rather than Earl's Court tube to get here. Hotel conveniently has a Sainsburys very close by. Great location for Kensington and Hyde Park. We were upgraded to an Exec room having booked superior room, so the room was massive. The bed was huge and very comfortable indeed. Just lovely having a robe and slippers provided. Breakfast was excellent quality pastries etc. The restaurant was very swish so would have eaten here in hindsight. Nice and small so it doesn't feel an impersonal hotel, despite being so modern and trendy. The shower with two heads was excellent and lovely toiletries provided. A delight to stay here. A few things which could be improved: tea and coffee making facilities not in room, but on request. Iron ditto, but this was sent up when we asked for it. The quality of the bathroom was very good but not perfectly finished, but that's me just being picky :-) I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Aug 22 2009 	Can't say enough good things!!	My daughter and I were planning our first trip to London. We were warned about the high cost of hotels, and embarked on a search for a decent, but affordable place. We happened on a site ([--]) and found an offer for the Parkcity for 109.00 pounds per night. It looked nice, so we took a chance. I e-mailed a couple weeks in advance to make sure that they would hold our room since we would be arriving late. They responded promptly and assured us that our room would be ready. The hotel is located in a very nice are of Kensington. When we arrived we were thrilled with what we found. Lovely lobby, friendly staff, awesome room! Super clean, decent size, and the most luxurious bedding I've ever had in a hotel. Huge bathroom with all the amenities you could need. Bonus: breakfast included in the price of our room --- we called down for breakfast most days, and a table full of coffee, pastries, breads, juice, cereal, yogurt etc. was rolled into our room promptly!! We ate what we could, and then wrapped the rest to take on our morning walking tour. The front desk staff were always available and willing to help with any needs ----- directions, where to find things, car service etc....... Once again, can't say enough good things!	
Aug 13 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	We stayed at the Parkcity for one week. This hotel was a perfect base for a family visiting London. We had two connecting Standard rooms, one with two single beds and one with a queen/double. The rate (which was very reasonable) included continental breakfast. The rooms, while not large, were spotless. The bathrooms were also spotless and furnished with new fixtures. The staff were all friendly and very helpful, particularly the lead concierge. Overall, this hotel merits a 4.5 to 5 star rating. It is located in an upscale residential neighborhood with many excellent restaurants within a few blocks. There is a grocery store around the corner with a full service Starbucks inside. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 13 2009 	Gone down hill..................	Park City Hotel LondonIt really is one of the most disorganised hotels we have ever stayed in. Reception don’t communicate well with housekeeping. We asked for an ice bucket at reception to be sent to our room, after an hour when we returned to reception to ask why we had not received it, the assistant manager had to go and get it himself and bring it to us. Breakfast is a bit like walking into a nightclub with loud music blaring throughout the meal. There is no welcome, no one seats you at a table and the whole thing feels a bit messy. The food consists of cereals, a few yoghurt's and some limp salami and sweaty cheeses. The management is really not interested..... The hotel has been number 4 on trip advisor now its number 25! Most of the staff has left and now the new staff just don't care! The hotel itself is clean contemporary and comfortable. Just don’t expect perfection, you will not get it here.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fantastic Place	Well I have to say we had a fantastic time at this hotel, some of the reviews here said that breakfast wasn't great, but from what we could tell it was well stocked, if anything started to run out they filled it back up again. The cooked breakfast looked fantastic but we never actually had any ourselves. The only negative point I would agree with is that the communal corridors were very hot but it's not like you sleep in these and it was easy to keep the rooms cool. On the whole a great hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 7 2009 	best value for money and excellent experience	we stayed at the Park City in early July for 3 nights. although the lobby is quite small, but we found the hotel clean, great value for money and the room we had was pretty bug for london standards. park city's location was about 10 min walk from Earls court tube station (which has tons of cafes and fast food, restaurants). we took the dot-to dot bus service from heathrow to the hotel direct which saved a lot of hassle in lugging our bags along the road from the tube station to the hotel. The hotel is situated in a tourist area so there are tons of other hotels lined along the same street. The continental breakfast was included in our room rate, but it's nothing to rave about, so don't expect anything much. overall a very good experience and we will certainly stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	The worst experience ever!! Horrible customer service!!!	My husband’s parents visited us in July this summer, however, what happened in Park city hotel was the worst experience we have ever had!!The parents came to UK after an international conference, so the schedule was planned far in advance. We checked hotels in website, and found the park city hotel got very good reviews. We booked the biggest apartment of the hotel, which has three independent rooms as well as a living room and a small kitchen. We confirmed our booking by calling the hotel directly and provided all details of credit card in middle May. The parents visited us in Cambridge first, and then we all traveled to London together. As we booked the room far in advance, we called the hotel the night before going to London to confirm the room, and were told everything was fine and we just need to come the next day. However, what happened in the following day was a nightmare and this park city hotel had the worst customer service I have ever experienced!First, on our way from Cambridge to London in the morning, my husband’s father received a phone call from his bank to check the payment of hotel. As we checked with the hotel the night before, my father-in-law confirmed this payment (with amount over £2000 as we planed to stay for four nights) in the phone and the money was deducted from his account immediately. However, when we arrived the hotel in lunchtime (1 hour after the confirmed payment), we were told that there was something wrong with the room we booked, and the hotel was fully booked, and there was no room for any of us! We asked the reception whether they could helped us check another other hotels nearby, but the manger said there was nothing they can do without checking anything! We suspected that the hotel overbooked the room, but the manager refused to show us the room we booked. We tried to argue, but the only thing the managers said was “sorry, but there is nothing we can do”. The only thing they did was, they let us store our luggage, and then we whole family had to check the hotels nearby one by one asking whether they had any room available for us. It happened on July 1, one of the hottest days in London this summer. Although there are a lot of hotels in the area, it took us hours to look for a hotel with empty stomachs in hot weather, as almost every hotel was fully booked due to the Wimbledon season. After about 3 hours, we finally found another hotels with available rooms, and the park city hotel sent our luggage for the new hotel, and they also promised that they would cancel the transition of our payment later in the afternoon. However, when we were back to our new hotel later that night, we haven’t heard anything from the parkcity hotel about the cancel of the payment. Therefore, we went back to the hotel and asked for an explanation. The manager said that they tried to fax the cancel latter, but couldn’t go through. We were so upset and insisted that they do it right now. Finally, another manager made a phone call in front of us, but they refused to give us any reference or receipt of their cancellation. The customer service of this hotel is undoubted the worst we have ever experienced, and anyone who want to book this book, please think twice or maybe find a backup at least!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Good solid choice	This was our first trip to London. Very nice hotel, in a quiet location, and walking distance to public transit. Friendly staff, decent buffet breakfast, and very large and clean rooms.	
Jul 31 2009 	Exceptional room and superb staff	This hotel has great rooms and the staff is quite exceptional. The hotel is positioned right on Cromwell street which is within 10 minutes of the Underground railway system for Glouster Road and Earl's Court. It is also within walking distance of Harrads. Although they don't have a full time restaurant, the continental breakfast served in the morning in their hotel is very good with hot rolls and breads and a variety of meats, cheese, cereals, yogurts, and fresh fruits. The only thing we wished they had in their rooms would be a hot water pot for instant coffee/tea - this would have made it the best.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fabulous location quiet street and impeccably clean. Loved it.	We stayed for three nights with our three sons, 19, 8 and 6. We had requested a triple and double, but were pleasantly surprised when we recieved a king and two rollaways (which were very big and comfortable) and also a double room. We were in a supreme room which had plenty of room for the four of us, and a very large bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and the rooms were spotless. Housekeeping was very quick and thorough. I had room service on the first night which was very nice, although the menu is a little short due to no onsite restaraunt. We had breakfast everyday and the food was lovely and the service very, very good. Highly recommended.	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice small hotel in convenient location	My husband, 15-year-old son, and I enjoyed our weeklong stay at the Parkcity. The hotel is located on a quiet street and is within easy walking distance to tube stations, grocery stores, restaurants, and major attractions. The room was a good size and very clean. The kingsize bed was very comfortable. Our son slept in a rollaway bed that could have had more support. The continental breakfast was the same every day--some more variety would have been nicer. The wait staff at breakfast and the housekeeping staff were great. The front of house staff sometimes seemed overwhelmed or harried, but everyone was very professional and welcoming. Since this is a small hotel, I wouldn't recommend it for families with children who need a lot of diversions. It is an excellent hotel for couples and families with older children who know how to behave. It was nice to be in a place where there was no one running in the halls or talking loudly outside our door.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Find in London	Great hotel. Looks new, nice and clean. Beds and pillows are comfortable. Rooms are clean and spacious. Location about 10 minutes walk to the tubes, but we bought a week pass so we used the buses a lot which are nearer the hotel (about 3 minutes walk). Sainsbury supermarket is nearby. They serve good continental breakfast with a wide choice. The only downside - no free internet.	
Jul 23 2009 	A standout hotel	I'd just like to add some positive comments about this hotel after quite a few recent negative ones. We stayed at the Parkcity for 7 nights, long enough to form a fair opinion, and overall were very happy with the choice. It's in a great location in Kensington, near good restaurants, pubs and the tube. The street, Lexham Gardens, is elegant and quiet. We had a room overlooking the street so our experience is most likely different to those given a back room. London hotels tend to have small rooms but this was large, very clean and very comfortable. It was also quiet, with no noise either from the outside or surrounding rooms. The bathroom was also spotless, with a deep bath and a good supply of towels etc. The hotel was full, so the staff did seem a bit overwhelmed at times. And we did have to wait for 2 hours (we checked in at 2) for our room to be ready. But we found the desk staff generally courteous and helpful. There aren't the restaurants and bars of larger hotels and the room service has a limited (but reasonably priced) menu. But the breakfast buffet is really good and goes beyond the usual continental offerings. Our only complaint would be the lack of tea/coffee-making facilities in the room. I guess they might have been provided on request but we bought a cheap electric kettle at the nearby Sainsbury's. Hopefully, it's still there for other guests! I booked the hotel on the basis of its TA rating and reviews and I think they are an accurate reflection. It's a superior hotel in a good location.	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Service	Spent three nights at the Parkcity for sightseeing after a business meeting in the outskirt of London. First booked a big hotel on Cromwell Rd. near Gloucester Tube station then sought a new one after reading reviews on Tripadvisor about its room size. I was interested in the Parkcity but could not find on its website twin rooms. Contacted directly to Reservation and received prompt reply from Mr.Jaber. Couple of revisions were made before arrival and every time received prompt response from him.Very impressed with his service and the hotel itself. Though the hotel was fully booked at that time, I never found it busy but always warm feeling and privacy. Will go back in Sep to finish the rest of London where I missed the last time. Once again, received the same quality service when booking.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great room and location	By far, this is the nicest hotel that I've stayed in in London. Having traveled there often and also having lived there for a year, I know that finding a moderately priced but nice hotel can be a huge challenge. This hotel was a bit of a splurge for my husband and I as we find that many hotels in Europe are just as nice, but with more charm and a smaller price tag. We booked a web special for 138 pounds, which included breakfast but not Wi-Fi. The room was spacious and spotless. The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was large and very clean, as well. The hotel location is central, on the Piccadilly Line, and there are plenty of hotels and pubs around it. There is also a 24 hour Sainsbury's one block over. The only downside to this hotel is the front desk staff--they were less than friendly and service from them was standoffish and slow. It seemed that all guests needed to wait on requests and help for a more than average amount of time.	
Jul 17 2009 	Exceptionally bad customer service	Am currently staying in the hotel &amp; have experienced some of the worst customer service I have ever encountered in a London hotel of this calibre.We made our reservations back in May after numerous phone calls to the staff to check they could accommodate our request of having 2 double or 2 queen size beds in one bedroom as my sister &amp; her husband were traveling with their tall teenage son. We were assured that our request could be accommodated so we followed up with an email to capture our verbal phone conversation in writing. We also requested a room at the front of the hotel as we had read on TA that these rooms were quieter and slightly larger.On arrival last week we were gruffily welcomed by staff. (To make matters worse there was an Italian woman having an argument with staff in the lobby because there was something wrong in her room and they would not fix it. She sat there for 3 hrs until they fixed it). We finally checked into our rooms &amp; found mine was at the back of the hotel (even after I sent a folllow-up email the night before my arrival to reconfirm my requests). My sister &amp; family had ONE queen bed and ONE ROLLAWAY. Not what we had requested at all! The main issue is that the bed was far too short for this tall teenager. When I approached the staff at reception not one of them was empathetic to my words or even attempted to rectify the problems for me. I was told that the Manager was off-duty now till Monday (it was Friday)and there was nothing the duty managers could do! I was informed that I had only made a request and the hotel was full and nothing they could do. I feel that the staff are purely just punching the clock and not trying to accommodate any guests in any way. My family &amp; I were both staying in excess of 10 nights which we thought may have been taken into consideration when the staff were planning the rooms and the length of each guests stay. I was finally moved to a room at the front of the hotel which proved to be much quieter and nicer, however on many more attempts to speak to numerous duty managers my complaints fell on deaf ears! Not even the Manager (Fadi) attempted to contact me at any time this week to see what he could do to try and rectify the horrendously poor customer service. Apart from the atrocious customer service the hotel is pleasant. The decor is modern, the rooms clean and the breakfast is a great inclusion....just pity about the service. South Kensington is a beautiful area of London and The Park City is on a leafy, tree lined street, just blocks away from 2 supermarkets, Gloucester Rd tube &amp; great little restaurants and museums.  A word of warning, make sure everything is in writing and then some!	
Jul 16 2009 	bare bones tourist hotel	this hotel was a choice for british airway packages. unfortunately, it's star rating is inaccurate. the beds were lumpy, toiletries marginal, staff were uninterested. so many better choices in london. sorry it could use new management. the lobby wall art piece was delightful.	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't stay there due to poor customer service	I tried to book a room on-line but it's failed many times due to the message from its website &quot;We're sorry. We encountered the following errors while trying to save your information. Please enter a valid security code&quot; . I called to the hotel but the staff, Ayad Jaber cannot help to solve the problem. When I asked him to find someone else, he suggested me to call later. I sent an email raise this issue and expect someone else to help me. However, it's Ayad Jaber again. This time he suggested me &quot;to contact its outsourced IT company if I need IT support&quot;. The fact is they need IT support, not me. When I called to the hotel again, another staff with strong accent refused to give me email address of General Manager or someone in senior management as they're working at somewhere, not in the hotel. Finally, someone got the phone - it's Ayad again !!!! He was impatient to listen to my complain, and interupted me many times and yelled to me - this's IT problem and they don't know what to do. He also complained that I yelled to him and my voice was loud. The fact is I called from overseas, my voice should not be loud. When I asked him to find someone else to take my call, he finally named himself as &quot;Front Desk and Reservation Manager&quot; and he's the only person I can speak to. And if I need to make reservation, he can make it over the phone. The fact is he's very strong accent and due to his attitude, I don't want to make any reservation over the phone as I wonder he can get my information correctly. I understand it's very small scale hotel and I don't expect excellent or 5 star hotel service. Based on the reviews from tripadvisor members, I also know they hire many non native English speaking staffs. But I don't expect someone (Manager) performs poor, and the management is not working at the hotel or not being contacted. This's my first time being yelled by the hotel staff - Manager. Can someone tell me how can I raise the complain to its senior management ?BTW, I made reservation to Beaufort and The Sumner which are smooth and they are efficient to reply my emails.	
Jul 9 2009 	Don't tell the guest that they are wrong	I stayed at The Parkcity around July last year, and had a very positive experience. I was a real fan. So based on such a good experience, I reserved a room for my visit to London this year (2009). But this time, I was sorely disappointed. The room I was first allocated was tiny - as I opened the door I bumped the TV unit. Then, to top it off, having not slept for 32 hours (because of travel and day/night changeovers), I was hoping to have a shower, but the room had no hot water. When I told the reception manager, he told me that they had not had any problems before, and I should simply run the tap a bit longer. After 15 minutes of wasting water, I still could not get any hot water to come from any of the taps.So, I called again, and the reception person said that he would come up to see what was wrong. He still hadn't come up after 15 minutes, so I called again. Eventually he came up, tested the water, and said maybe I need to leave it to run a bit longer! I asked him to simply fix the problem, and I offered to go out and buy some groceries while he sorted it out.When I returned he said it was fixed. He had to open taps in the rooms below, but it was all good. When I returned to the room, and turned on the hot water tap, it ran hot for about 10 seconds, but was then cold. I called the reception guy, and he said maybe my perception of hot was different from his. He then said that he could move me to another room, but he couldn't guarantee I would have hot water!!!So much more to add, but you get the picture. They moved me, but the effort involved in getting to have a shower was not worth the 150 pounds that they charged me. Stay somewhere else.	
Jun 26 2009 	Chic hotel	I’m sad to read so many bad reviews from this hotel, because we actually had a great time. But this was on December 25th - 28th, 2007. We were in our honeymoon after this we went to Paris. We liked the hotel very much. It was beautiful, very clean and it looked more expensive than what we paid for.Location: Kensington is a very nice area; it’s just beautiful and elegant. The subway station is not very close but it’s not that far either. There is a supermarket very near with a Starbucks inside. We found a restaurant called ASK that was very good, they have good pizzas at reasonable prices (for London). Room: It was very small, but beautiful, it had like 3 windows with a beautiful view (the view was the building in front, but was beautiful ha). It had a closet, a nice tv, big bathroom with the best rain shower ever!The bed was super comfy and clean. The room also had a safe.Lobby: It was nice! Chic and comfortable. There is a big restroom in the lobby that was beautiful! It was very chic. The entrance to the hotel was nice.Breakfast: Delicious! A lot to choose from the buffet! There were eggs, bacon, a lot of bread, like 3 different kinds of juice, coffee, hot chocolate and tea, sausage, cereal, yogurt, etc. The breakfast room was very nice and clean. I’m sorry I did not take a picture of this. You could have your breakfast on the garden outside, but we couldn’t because it was very cold outside.Service: It was very good, we didn’t have any problems. They help us decide on either to take a flight or the train to Paris. We did not have any problems. We order room service the first day. It was OK. I ordered some pancakes and coffee. My hubby ordered also pancakes and juice, and it was good. The menu for room service was weird, but maybe it was that we’re not English so we just didn’t understand the concept of “English breakfast”… I don’t know, but it was hard for us to understand the way to order room service. Since it was our honeymoon they provided for us chocolate covered strawberries and Moet &amp; Chandon Champagne. The checking-in and out was very easy and did not have any problems.If you go to London on the 25th and 26th just let me tell you that nothing is open not even on the 26th, not even the restaurant in the hotel… that was the only bad thing for us. We had to eat from the minibar which was very expensive as are all the minibars especially in England. We had a great time at the Parkcity, and I’m sad to read bad reviews, but I recommend it, it was a very enjoyable stay.	
Jun 23 2009 	Ok But Not Up To All The Hype	This hotel is on a wonderful quiet street not too far from the Gloucester Rd tube. This is a good location for a first time visitors with reasonable access to many tourist sites and a GREAT location for travellers who know London pretty well and just want to enjoy a few days in a nice part of town hanging out in Kensington, Chelsea and Notting Hill. I did have some issues with my room- I was surprised at the amount of noise audible from adjacent rooms- not conversation but loud thumping, banging, walking, etc. The computer in the room is a wonderful idea, but my keyboard did not work. Two of the lights in my room would not turn on. One of the hotel employees came up to check it out, and after playing around for a while got one of the lights to go on. The problem then was that it would not go off w/o crawling under a table behing the curtains to unplug it.! The other one just didn't work. I wonder if there was some electrical problem with this particular room as I discovered a big, round burn mark on the desk that they had put the phone over to conceal. The front desk people were unfailingly polite, but came off as a little clueless. I was about to miss the cutoff for the laundry service, so I brought my clothes downstairs. One of the guys told me that I had to call from my room to have the wash picked up. I went back upstairs and called, and lo and behold, the SAME GUY came up five minutes later to retreive my items! It struck me as very Fawlty Towers. To top it off, they ended up sending me somebody else's shirt, and my favorite shirt went missing for a couple of days- thankfully it did turn up before I left.If a breakfast is not included in your deal, do not order their English Breakfast, It is a total rip-off I paid $30 for an omelette (good omelette, but still just an omelette) and selections from their buffet- which was not even up to the standards to that of a Holiday Inn Express. I realize these are relatively minor quibbles, but based on all the glowing reviews, I must say that I was mildly disappointed. All in all this hotel IS a good deal. Reasonably priced for London with nice up to date rooms, comfy beds and modern bathrooms (good water pressure) and a really good location.	
Jun 20 2009 	Professional staff Nice location	We were very pleased with both our accomodations and the location of the Parkcity. The hotel itself is fairly quiet but it is an area where, if you wish, there are plenty of things to do at night. I highly recommend one of the many double-decker tour buses going throught London. It can take a full day if you wish and is well worth the price.	
Jun 20 2009 	Room service location price all excellent	My wife and I stayed here based on the Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. We stayed for 4 nights and wished it could have been longer.From the moment we arrived and Danny the front desk manager quickly helped us with our heavy cases everything was near perfect. We chose a deluxe room which was very spacious and beautifully furnished. Also the bathroom was modern and again roomy.Any requests were promptly attended to. We asked for an iron and tea and coffee making appliances and they were brought immediately.As everyone has mentioned, location is in a beautiful area and is close to the tube stations and buses. There are also some nice restaurants nearby. Also, there is a large Sainsbury store around the corner. Two of the main museums are only a short walk.Breakfast is simple but in a lovely sunny room looking out onto a courtyard.All staff from booking, front desk, room service and breakfast room were extremely friendly.The only minor negatives were use of the internet was not free, rooms did not have tea and coffee making facilities, and surprisingly there were not any brochures about the Hotel. We would love to have passed them on to friends.We cannot recommend Parkcity too highly	
Jun 19 2009 	The moment we stepped in the front door we loved it.	The staff was very helpful in finding restaurants within walking distance of the hotel where the locals dined. We had great food at each one!	
Jun 18 2009 	Comfortable convenient and clean an affordable solution for accommodation in London	This hotel exceeded my expectations. In the past I've found London hotels tiny and uncomfortable but this was lovely. It's a great location close to 2 tube stops (Earls Court and Gloucester Road). The room had been recently renovated and the staff were pleasant . The breakfast (included in the price) was an added bonus.	
Jun 18 2009	How disappointing	Having visited this hotel three years ago and had a fantastic experience, my daughter and I were very much looking forward to our overnight break. On arrival we were not able to access our allotted room as it was not ready - why, during an obviously quiet spell, is it necessary to allocate a room that is still unready for occupancy an hour before the 'official' check-in time? When we finally checked in, our room was clean and well presented but we discovered that there were no tea-making facilities. When requested these took 45 minutes to arrived and the fresh milk was skimmed - not nice! We then tried to reserve a table at the hotel restaurant but were informed that it was closed for refurbishing. Having eaten there before, this was a major factor in influencing our choice of hotel as on our previous visit it was superb. We were not informed of this when we booked so were quite annoyed, especially when the alternative restaurants suggested by the receptionist were a run-down Italian 'bistro' and a run of the mill 'fine dining' Thai restaurant. We finally ate at a delightful Japanese restaurant - KAPPA - which we found by chance on Earl's Court Road, a very short walk from the hotel - excellent food, courteous staff and reasonably priced. On returning after our evening meal we were refused a drink in the bar which closed at 10.30 although the hotel directory stated midnight. Breakfast was mediocre - the complimentary newspaper was not delivered.We will not be staying at this hotel any time in the near future and I would definately not recommend it as a top London hotel.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice and efficient	Very nice hotel, very quiet, nice and clean rooms, good continental breakfat in lovely place. Staff was rather impersonal and not very talkative, although we did not really try to speak to them!! A excellent choice at fair price, we will return.	
Jun 10 2009 	Very nice	Came here on advice of tripadvisor. I booked a room one grade higher than the standard and it was enormous! Lovely and quiet, very large bed, brreakfast was a little limited but the danish pastries and croissants were the best i have tasted they must have been freshly baked. Very nice, will stay again. A bit of a trek from the tube though.I would advise to get off at Gloucester rd tube as the trains are more frequent than waiting to go to kensington high st.	
Jun 5 2009 	An Amazing Stay at the Parkcity!	We stayed her for 4 nights on our honeymoon! I can honestly say this is one of the nicest motels I have EVER stayed at. It was clean, comfortable, the staff was great and it was in a great neighbourhood. Our room was huge for a european motel too!! There are two tube stations very close by, so it’s very easy to get around! Kensington is a great district to stay in, very rich/clean/safe (this motel is just off a busy street so it is very quiet too). I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOTEL!	
May 30 2009 	amazing value and find in London!	I used to live in London for many years and visit regularly. I also consider myself a seasoned traveller, quite picky and am sick and tired of paying extortionate rates for mediocre hotels in London.My wife and I stayed at the Parkcity last month on a getaway. Overall it is an excellent hotel and I would stay there again and recommend it. It is very newly renovated (may a year or max two ago), very well located in the South Ken - Gloucester Road general area. Large rooms of very high standard, new furniture, duvet, flat Tv, Bose bed side stereo (not criteria per se but give the idea) huge bathroom for London w Molton Brown toiletries etc. The gym was very limited but OK (if the weather is nice you can have amazing runs at Hyde Park nearby). Breakfast room v nice with a patio breakfast OK if you need the basic stuff. Staff quite attentive and polite.Overall an excellent experience and for the price amazing value.	
May 29 2009 	Simply woderful	Excellent hotel, with a very good position and high quality services. Kind staff, very clean and comfortable rooms. Not low price but perfectly lined up with the level of the services provided.I strictly racommend this Hotel	
May 27 2009 	Very nice Hotel	I stayed here with my wife when visiting Chelsea Flower Show. It is a really nice Hotel. I would definitely stay here again. It is about 5 / 10 minutes walk from Gloucester Road Tube Station, just in Zone 1. The rooms were spotless and the bed we had was huge, I'm over six foot and got lost in it. We paid £142 per night including continental breakfast, rate on reception said £250 a night excluding breakfast! The breakfast was very good very thing was fresh.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed five nights. Spotless and spacious modern room and bath. Extremely comfortable bed and fluffy pillows. Super quiet location. Hotel staff was professional. Breakfast was expensive but of good quality. We ate a couple of breakfasts at a local French bakery/coffee shop just north of the hotel. A ten minute walk to the Earl's Court tube.Would stay there again.	
May 22 2009 	Great Stay	Have just returned from this great hotel. We needed a one night stay whilst visiting the Chelsea Flower Show. Searched on the internet for reviews, prices etc. and everything was fantastic. Rooms - spacious, clean and modern. Breakfast - in the lovely conservatory with plenty of choices of food. Reception and staff - smart, pleasant and very helpful. The location was great for us. Gloucester Road tube is nearby and we were minutes from Knightsbridge and many other main attractions. We met friends at a restaurant on Kensington High Street which was an easy ten minute walk away - lovely shops here too. Would definitely stay at this hotel again. Thank you Park City - Lexham Gardens.	
May 17 2009 	Lovely Hotel and Lovely Staff	We have just returned from a weekend at this lovely hotel in Kensington. We got a good deal online so got it cheaper than the stated prices which was great. Friendly staff and receptionistsIts a bit far out from the city centre but the Glouster Road Tube station is a 5 minute walk away and there is a Sainsburys just around the cornerLarge bathroom and room tastefully furnishedRoom was warm but the air conditioning worked perfectlyWindows were only single glazed but it's a very quiet street so we had no problems with noiseLarge flatscreen TVVery prompt service when we requested an iron from receptionBed and pillows were incredibly comfortableGood breakfast selectionThey did 'pre-authorise' my credit card on check in which was odd but I knew about it from reading other reviews so it didn't surprise meThe hallways on the upper floors are very narrow and warmThe minibar was not stocked	
May 16 2009 	Affordable option	We enjoyed 5 days in this Hotel in mid April. Location is a little faraway from Downtown but you have a Tube station close. Location is very quit and elegant. A walking distance you will find a supermarket and a Starbucks coffe shop inside. Hotel staff is very fiendly and kind.Shuttle to / from Heatrow airport cost around 50 punds.I recommend this hotel as a great value. In addition you can also consider a next door hotel called easyhotel.	
May 5 2009 	Very nice for the price	Face it, hotels in London are expensive and I was worried about the quality of this one when I booked it for around 130 pounds a night (equivalent star and user rated hotels seemed to be around 300 pounds a night). My worries were quickly dissolved because this hotel is extremely nice. It has a nice modern look to it on the inside and is open and bright feeling. Our bedroom and bathroom were spacious, modern and spotless. The bathroom was the largest we had on our trip to England and looked very updated and clean. The tub was large enough for me to easily stretch out in for a relaxing bath and the shower had a rain shower head and a hand held sprayer option. The continental breakfast was okay. It had a good selection of pastries and cereals to choose from but after 4 days, I wanted something new. The morning service staff were very friendly and helpful.The location is not ideal for tourists but not bad if you don't mind a bit of a walk to the nearest Underground station. It is a easy station to access with at least 3 of the main lines stopping here.I would stay here again if given the chance. It is truly a nice hotel with a luxury feel.	
May 5 2009	No wonder this place has great reviews - 10/10	I booked this hotel for my parents anniversary as we had got them some theatre tickets as well. Normally they stay in one of the Hiltons as they can be a little fussy about hotels but I asked them to try the Parkcity hotel as I had read the great reviews it had received.From the minute I rang the hotel and spoke to Danny the front office manager and all the staff members I was very impressed with the level of service. And my parents had an absolutely fantastic time, when they arrived at the hotel the receptionist asked them to wait a moment as Danny wanted to greet them himself and he along with all the staff made sure that my folks had a great stay.My parents said that whenever they travel to London again, the Parkcity will be at the top of their list, and I will be booking in whenever my wife and I visit as well.It might only be a 4* hotel but they definitely give 5* service. Definitely book this hotel!!	
Apr 22 2009 	Wonderful quiet hotel; helpful staff	We stayed at The Parkcity in Kensington for 4 nights in March while visiting our college-age daughter who was studying in London for a semester. We found it was just perfect for us. It was very charming in a small-British-hotel kind of way. It was super-clean, very quiet and the staff were very professional and super helpful. The breakfast was fantastic in the downstairs courtyard area. The staff helped us arrange a private car to Heathrow. It is located just blocks from the Gloucester Road tube stop so that was really handy and we went everywhere. Best of all, they gave us their spring price special so our room with two twin beds was just 130 pounds a night. There were Moulton Brown bath accessories in the bathrooms - also a plus. A month after our stay, as our daughter was finishing her semester, she needed a place to store her luggage for a week. We contacted the Parkcity and they were nice enough to accommodate her (for a small fee) and even arrange a car to deliver her luggage to Heathrow. They clearly go out of their way to be helpful and you don't find that everyday at a hotel! We give it our highest recommendation!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Hotel-exceeded expectations	Stayed here for one night, although would have loved to stay longer. Gorgeous modern hotel, bedroom was great, huge bathroom and dressing room. Very clean. Really comfortable bed. We didnt eat in the hotel so cant comment on this side of it. The only negative is that its not as near to tube stations as we thought, although definately within walking distance, we prefer to be able to leave the hotel and get straight onto a train! This wouldnt put us off returning to this hotel though. Definately recommend it!	
Apr 14 2009 	Comfortable hotel in nice location	We stayed in a standard room for four nights. We got a decent price by booking our room directly from the hotel's website, with a last-minute deal. The room was a bit on the small side, but sufficient for our needs. It was comfortable, clean. and tastefully but simply furnished. There was a rather large safe in the closet, more than big enough for laptops and more. A hospitality tray was not automatically available in the room, but one was brought up for us when we requested it. The hotel is located on a quiet residential street, a short walk from several tube stops and close to cafes, restaurants, and a large grocery store. The fact that breakfast was not included was not a problem for us because it gave us a chance to explore the area and discover a delightful patisserie only a few blocks away (north of the hotel). The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed staying in Kensington and the Parkcity was a good choice for us.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very comfortable .....	We stayed here for two nights in April and were impressed by the overall quality of the hotel and the friendliness of the staff. The room was extremely comfortable and clean - although on the small side. Good quality furnishings and linens. The hotel was extremely quiet - we hardly saw a fellow guest - and the bar (which looked funky) lacked atmosphere. Not a problem with several great bars and restaurants nearby. The staff we spoke to were extremely friendly and helpful.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good affordable hotel in Kensington	We stayed at the Parkcity in late February for three nights. We got a good rate through Londontown.com and were pleased with the hotel. We chose the location because it was near a relative's flat in Kensington. The room we had was laid out in an odd way but it was absolutely fine. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the shower very nice. Breakfast was not included in the price so we bought food at a very nearby supermarket, which was conveniently open all night. The hotel was a bit of a long walk from Gloucester Road station but not a bad walk to Earls Court. The street is very quiet. Only drawbacks from our point of view: no teakettle in the room, no breakfast included in the rate, a bit farther from the tube than we'd like.	
Apr 8 2009 	Just an average hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for about 4 nights. I chose this hotel because of the Expedia recommendation and fairly good reviews from Tripadvisor but my experience with Parkcity seemed average.Location of hotel -- market just down the street and tube station about 5 blocks awaySize of room -- rather small but clean and had the basic amenitiesOverall service -- average that you would expect from a 3-star hotelValue -- I don't feel that I got the best value for the price of this hotel because no &quot;extras&quot; came complimentary, for example: no free internet at the lobby, no continental breakfast served, local phone calls added up to a sizeable amount.Although I didn't encounter any problems with this hotel, it takes more than an average stay for me to return or recommend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfectly OK but would not recommend	I stayed at the Parkcity London for 1 night for business. The place is clean and the rooms are comfortable. But the hotel is a bit outdated and trying to be something it's not. They are trying to be a high class business and conference hotel (atmosphere, pricing, service etc.) but would most probably succeed more in being a cozy family hotel. On the plus side I have to say that there's nothing big really wrong about the place. On the minus side I noticed several small issues: the staff is 100% immigrants and speaks variable English, internet or breakfast is not included in the room rate, the room was pretty cold, prices are way too high for the place and even in the business conference package (£150 / half day) there was no internet connection included.This was up-to-date and and hot probably 10-20 years ago and now it's just good and clean with an attentive but a bit stiff service. Nothing to complain about really but I'll try some other place the next time.	
Mar 29 2009 	excellent welcoming spotlessly clean hotel	Lovely boutique style hotel in South Kensington area- handy for Natural History and the Science Museums. 10 minutes walk from Gloucester Road Tube station on the Picadilly Line and close to Earls Court. Checked into hotel 3hrs early (so we could leave our bags in order to investigate London) and were immediately allowed into our rooms by the welcoming reception staff. Beautifully furnished with the comfiest beds and spotlessly clean. Full English Breakfast was beautifully cooked and presented. Restaurant Staff were all very pleasant but our only criticism was the slow service - we waited 5 minutes to be seated at a table, there were no spoons on the table and there were slight mistakes with the order. But overall this hotel was lovely and we would not hesitate to revisit or recommend.	
Mar 23 2009 	Stylish hotel lovely rooms	We stayed 2 nights midweek. The hotel was immaculate in terms of cleanliness and service and although only 50yards from Cromwell Road it was amazingly quiet. The bed was probably the most comfortable we have slept in and the general standards of equipment and service were very high. We chose a continental breakfast (£10 if booked in advance, £14 if not) which was rather disappointing in that the choice was rather limited. Croissants seemed to be cooked to order involving a 10min wait. Apparently they have had a problem in the kitchens which should soon be resolved. We would stay there again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent value with great comfort	Very clean room, full bath tub, comfortable bed, good size for London, even with just the standard room. Great discount if you prepay in advance (about half price). Good idea to prepay for the continental breakfast in advance also (about 5 or 6 pounds each rather than 11 at the door)--excellent fresh croissants and pastries, plus yoghurt, fresh fruit, juice, cereal, tea or coffee, and yoghurt. English breakfast is quite a bit more expensive and doesn't include much more--just eggs and a couple of hot items. Business center has two PCs that are convenient for printing boarding passes and searching for good deals on theatre tickets--one pound fifty pence per half hour. Staff was very helpful, even to the point of emphasizing when we left that we could save money in the direction of Heathrow by taking the Earl's Court tube rather than Gloucester Road. (Earl's Court is slightly closer to the hotel and handicapped accessible, so that it is easier to deal with the suitcases there. It is also only 3 pounds and some change rather than 4 pounds in the direction of Heathrow (other direction is 4 pounds for either Gloucester Road or Earl's Court.) 74 bus is a good line for accessing other parts of the city. Kensington location was within walking distance of Victoria and Albert and Natural History Museums. Also good for transit passengers like us, spending a couple of days in London, since it is right on the Picadilly Line from Heathrow (about 40 minutes). This side of London provides a shorter tube ride to Kew Gardens and BBC Television Centre than does Bloomsbury (which would be a bit better location if you want to visit the British Museum and closer access to Charlotte Street restaurants and the Theatre). Devonshire Arms pub on Marlowe Street was a good close pub with a great deal on pies and fish and chips (Monday through Friday was two drinks and two main courses for 15 pounds). We had no trouble getting to the theatre district, however, using either the tube or the bus. We recommend buying one or three day transit passes (or an Oyster card if you are staying longer). This hotel tends to be a business person's style hotel (i.e. not Laura Ashley type decor), so if you are looking for something fru fruish is a similare price range, try Montague on the Gardens in Bloomsbury, which is also very nice, although it has smaller rooms and is farther from the airport.	
Mar 18 2009 	Fab place - but a bit inconsistent	We stayed at the Parkcity twice in one week. The first stay was in an executive room (top end) for 4 nights, then we rebooked in deluxe (one up from base room) for our last night in London due to the location. The location is great - right between 2 tube stations on major lines. The walk to either took minutes. The beds were VERY, VERY comfortable with gorgeous sheets. The service and staff were excellent. My only complaint was their inconsistency with those &quot;little extras&quot;. In the executive room, we had robes and slippers. The bath had a nice loofah thing. These were not in the deluxe room - even though their website said rooms contained robes. That bugged me. Also, the executive room said it had free water. While 2 small bottles were in the fridge, they were not replenished after the first day and we ended up buying water at Sainsbury. Neither was the coffee tray with fresh (albeit powder) coffee packets. This was irritating as I like a cup of joe each morning (even if it is powder coffee). All in all, it is a hotel I recommend but don't splurge for the executive - for the xtra $ the deluxe is just as good if you get the bathrobe.	
Mar 12 2009 	clean romantic helpful staff comfy bed!	we stayed in parkcity for 4 nights. we found an offer of 120 pounds per night without breakfast by booking.com. it is not in the centre, but we didnt mind cause the area was very safe and classy and 2 tube stations -earl s court and glousester only 5 min away-very very smiley and helpful and polite staff, very very clean and the bed -oh- the bed-, the linen, the pillows, so comfy it made it hard wake up in the morning! i miss it! the breakfast cost 20 pounds, which we thought it was too much, so we skipped it .we just bought the stuff we wanted for breakfast-sandwiches, milk etc- from the super market in earls court. we needed to send an e-mail and used the pc they have in the &quot;business centre&quot; -actually a little office- slow internet..so it was hard to work online...the only thing that we would like to be offered was slippers, my partner and i hadnt brought cause we thought that a hotel of 4 stars should offer them but... anyways, apart from that, everything else was perfect!	
Mar 9 2009 	Decent Hotel	We stayed at the Park City hotel for one night. It is a nice, clean hotel in a lovely residential area. We did, however, find it to be inconvenient to major sights. Had I realized it's distance from the center of the city, I would have not booked it. The room was clean. There was a small gym in the hotel as well. It depends on what you are looking for in terms of proximity to attractions... if you'd like to be within 15-20 minutes walking distance of sights, this is not the hotel for you. At the end of our trip, we stayed at The Grand at Trafalgar Square, and were much more pleased with its location and amenities as well.	
Mar 5 2009 	Not what we expected!	The hotel was very nice, on 1st impressions we were very happy, although the room was quite small. The bathroom was up some stairs, which was quite strange, but was well equipped (Moulton Brown toiletries a nice touch). Was clean apart from a very mouldy strip at the bottom of the shower door, and water marked marble surfaces.The bed was quite hard, which I loved, but my friend didn't, and bedding was good quality. There were silly sticking out switches on the head board, which every time we lent back turned on all of the lights, which we laughed at the first few time, but then got quite annoying!! There was no hospitality tray, but it did say in the book you could request one. I did that, to be told ' don't worry if you don't get one, we are short on kettles'!!! There was nothing in the room folder about breakfast, nor did anyone mention it when we checked in. We rang down in the morning, to be told it was an extra £19 each, so we passed....The hotel is a little far out from everything, although it seemed a nice area.We got quite a good deal, but would have been very disappointed had we paid the full rate that was advertised in reception.	
Mar 3 2009 	Ideal for our trip to the Natural History Museum	Really good hotel with excellent staff - so helpful with restaurants as we didn't know the area at all. Recommended Bistro Benito, (Earls Court Road) great Italian, really reasonably priced and authentic. Also Black &amp; Blue, steak house (Gloucester Road). I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the Kensington Museums - easy walk plus not too far from Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. Comfortable clean rooms - we got an upgrade no quibble at all as it was an anniversary/birthday weekend. By far some of the best staff I've come across and we've stayed in a lot of hotels, both business and leisure.	
Mar 1 2009 	very clean and very friendly helpfull staff	We stayed at the hotel for two nights, in a deluxe room with one king size and two single beds wich were added for the children, there was plenty of room even with the extra beds. The hotel was spotlesly clean, and my wife and daughter were very impressed with the molton Brown toiletries . The staff were very helpfull and friendly, they pointed us in the right direction for tube stations, restaurants etc. They were also very helpfull by letting us leave our bags in a safe room as we had arrived before we could go to our room, and also after we had checked out, wich was great because we could visit the natural history meuseum and Harrods wich is only around the corner, before catching our train home.	
Feb 26 2009 	Amazing bed very quiet rooms and suberb hotel staff	My stay at the Parkcity was the best hotel experience I have ever had. I stayed for 2 nights and I will list the pros and cons below:Pros: The room was large, luxurious, very clean and the bathroom was very plush. There were two sets of curtains that completely blocked out all of the light and deadened any noise (not that there was much noise from outside.) The bed was the softest bed I have ever slept in and it was generous in size. To top it off the location in Kensington is fantastic, very easy to get to the main attractions and a really nice neighbourhood.Cons: The only downside on my stay was that the film I purchased on the TV was too quiet to hear, even with the volume on max. However the hotel staff refunded me the price of the film and I am sure it has been resolved now.In conclusion I would definately reccomend this hotel, hardly any faults at all.	
Feb 24 2009 	best value for quality in london	got a last minute rate of 115gbp on their website which is shockingly cheap for a good and modern london hotel. the rooms are as good as the metropolitan. modern and contemporary, with very comfy bed and free internet. the staff is very polite (although a little clueless at times, but for this price one cannot complain or expect full 5 star service)...as i said in the subject header this is by far the best value in london. if you are on a budget stop looking now and book this hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Valentines weekend in London	Stayed 2 nights. Very pleasant Reception staff. Small room, but lovely &amp; spotlessly clean. Very well equipped. Large bathroom. Bar very quiet, friendly barman. Did not have breakfast in hotel as we thought £20pp is expensive. Great location, close to 2 Tube stations, close to Heathrow &amp; centre of Lodon. Would definitely go back.	
Feb 15 2009 	Perfect Valentine's Break	MY wife and I stayed here on Velentine's night and had a wonderful stay. We didn't eat at the hotel or use the other facilities there but the reception staff, room and cocktail bar were all excellent (even if the bar closed a little early for our liking!).	
Feb 13 2009 	Not as great as we expected	We stayed in this London hotel based upon previously good recommendations on Trip Advisor. We booked direct through the hotel and got a very good rate on their Winter Warmer package which included breakfast (we saved over one hundred pounds per night).The hotel is roughly half way between the Gloucester Road and Earl's Court tube stations, and the hotel is walking distance to the Natural History Museum, V&amp;A and Science Museum among others, and Harrods isn't too far further - so a pretty good location.We stayed in a standard room and it was spacious with a massive bed, clean bathroom and great shower. When we asked anything of the staff they were always very helpful.The downsides - we found that although breakfast was good, they often didn't replenish the food and it sometimes looked like it had been there a while. There were also occasions that the glasses and plates were not available so we had to ask to get them. We also found that the restaurant and Ruby bar were very cold, and on our third day the hot water broke so we were delayed in leaving as we could not have showers.All in all, we had a good stay in London and the hotel is spacious and in a good location for getting around London, however I am not sure that we would go back there.Also, I would advise that if leaving for the station or airport you go to the main road just around the corner to hail a black cab rather than letting them order a taxi for you as I feel we were ripped off.	
Feb 11 2009 	Spacious Rooms 	ParkCity is a wonderful boutique hotel, only a tube ride away from Heathrow. The closest station Earl's Court makes it so easy to carry your luggage (no stairs!) and is only 5 minutes away from the hotel.We loved our room, very British yet specious… yeap, can you imagine that?We spent 5 days in Park City and had the opportunity to enjoy the fabulous breakfast every morning… Gave us enough energy to walk the streets of London all day long!The people of ParkCity, never seized to amaze us. Very helpful and really, really nice!This is going to be our official London accommodation from this day forward.	
Jan 22 2009 	felt like home in a great neighborhood	My daughter and I had a great stay. The room was so spacious and the beds were so comfortable. The staff was very helpful and gracious. The location was perfect for us, away from the crowded touristy areas. The walk to the the tube was not far at all.	
Jan 20 2009 	Very nice apartment - but the carpets needed a thorough clean!	We needed 3 double rooms and booked the apartment on the hotels recommendation. This is such a spacious apartment on 2 levels.The sitting and dining room upstairs including a small kitchen, downstairs 3 well maintained and furnished ensuite bedrooms. Outside there is a small terrace and sitting area including a patio heater. English and Continental buffet breakfast included served in the light and spacious dining room.The furnishing and decor are very tasteful throughout. The staff very helpful, polite but not overbearing.If there was one criticism it would be that the beige hall, stairs and lounge carpets in the apartment required cleaning as these were badly marked. We felt that this really let the quality of the rest of the apartment down. There were a few scuffs on the furniture and paintwork but nothing too drastic. A good location for Albert Hall and Natural History Museum.All in all a very enjoyable stay.	
Jan 12 2009 	Fandabbydozy	Our stay at The Parkcity Hotel was lovely, we'd stay there again and would recommend it to others.We were in London to see a show at the Albert Hall which is why we chose the Parkcity - it's an easy walk of less than a mile, so no fuss with the Tube or taxis after the performance. We travelled by train and again it is an easy walk with a wheelie case from Gloucester Road Tube station. It would also be a great location to visit museums in Kensington or shop in Knightsbridge.The reception we had from staff on arrival and throughout was friendly and efficient. Our room was a good size for a London hotel and the bathroom was quite spacious too with the shower over a full size bath. The bed was large and comfortable, top marks for soft feather pillows and a duvet instead of blankets. The decor is contemporary and smart with a pleasing attention to detail - chrome fitting, tactile light switches. The toiletries were by Molton Brown and very nice. Our room was at the back and was quiet at night. The road at the front is a residential street and seemed pretty quiet too.We didn't have breakfast included so I can't comment on the catering, although there is a restaurant and bar. Local facilities are good, there's a Sainsbury's round the corner and a Waitrose alittle further on. The area around Gloucester Road Tube has more shops, bars and restaurants.We booked well in advance through lastminute.com and got a good discount from the rack rate. If we'd booked closer to the date we could have got an even better deal direct from the hotel website - this is probably because it was early January and a quiet time. Anyway, we still felt we got excellent value for money.	
Jan 4 2009 	Absolutely lovely	My husband and I stayed at the Parkcity during our honeymoon in November 2008 and found it to be absolutely wonderful. We actually stayed in two rooms -- one, on the fourth floor, for nearly a week and another, on the first floor, when we returned to London for the last night of our trip. Though the room on the fourth floor was definitely more spacious, both rooms were immaculate and comfortable. I can't think of anything we would have needed/wanted in a room that wasn't there!The Parkcity location is really ideal. We used the Gloucester Road tube station, which is 5-10 minute walk from the hotel and provides access to the District, Circle, and, most importantly, Piccadilly Lines -- meaning you can go directly to and from Heathrow Airport, the heart of London, etc. quickly and conveniently, with little, if any, need for transferring lines. The hotel is also a nice walk from Harrods, the V&amp;A, Hyde Park, and the Natural History Museum, which we loved. In short, because it's in a more residential area, it's a quieter and more relaxing location that simultaneously provides easy access to all of London. As other reviewers have noted, there is a Sainsbury's grocer directly behind the hotel, which was incredibly convenient -- we had our mini-bar emptied the first day we were there and were able to keep drinks, snacks, etc. from the Sainsbury's in our room. Finally, the staff at the Parkcity truly was wonderful -- always quick to help, to welcome you, and to wish you a good day as you headed out. Being there more than a week, we found it nice to come home somewhere welcoming at the end of the day in the city. They were also excellent to help with anything -- from luggage, which they take to your room without even giving you the option of helping, to random questions, to which they always seem to have the answer! They were also incredibly sweet to note our special occasion and gave us champagne and a note of congratulations not only the first time that we checked in, but also the second.In short, we loved our time at the Parkcity and are hoping to stay there in future visits to London -- we can't recommend it enough!	
Dec 29 2008 	Parckcity: A great spot to stay	Stayed at the Parkcity for 3 nights and it was great. The rooms are well-appointed, spotlessly clean and contemporary. Our room was at street-level (front) and was still nice and quiet. Reception was very helpful and let us check-in early, a god-send after 22 hours on a plane. Location is great, being between Earl’s Court and Gloucester Rd Tube is very handy. Even better is the Sainsbury supermarket around the corner on Cromwell Rd.Best bits:- Bath/shower combo- Excellent comfy bed- Molton Brown bath products- Good size room (for London)- Hotel gym.Not so best bits:- Showerscreen leaked	
Dec 29 2008 	Great hotel in a very nice area	One would have to agree with all the other good reviews. This hotel is very nice. We had a very comfortable room on the top floor overlooking a quiet road. The setting was perfect.The hotel itself is a small walking distance to the 'Tube' and Hyde ParkThe staff were friendly and helpful and any request was promptly attended to.We will definately stay here again.	
Dec 24 2008 	Probably my favourite hotel in London	I stayed here a number of times throughout 2008.On each occasion I have been very impressed.Good things;- Nice Rooms- Excellent attentive staff who always strive to be helpful- Good flat screen TVs- Near the tube - about half way between Gloucester Road and Earls Court- Comfortable beds- Nice bathrooms- A 24-hour supermarket a few minutes walk away.A couple of downsides;- Breakfast (especially if you only have the buffet) is just okay- The street which the hotel is on can look a little downbeat at times, but you only have to walk along it for about a minuteI tended to book well in advance using the hotels website to get a good rate. The money was non-refundable but it was a good deal.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great value for money	Stayed for 5 nights at Parkcity. Location is an easy walk to tub and a supermarket is right behind the hotel, but on a quiet street of Kensington. Concierge is helpful. Although the room is on the smaller side, but nicely layout. Shower pressure and bathroom amenities are nice.	
Dec 20 2008 	Nice Hotel	We were in London for two nights at the start of our honeymoon in early November. Overall, we liked the Parkcity and felt it was a good value.Location: The location of the hotel is ok, but not great. It takes a bit of a walk to get to the underground. Room: Very nice and large for the price. Room was clean and bed was very comfortable. Service: Pretty good. All of the staff was friendly and helpful. For the price of the hotel, the service was above what I would have expected. When the hotel made a small mistake with our bags (we waited 30 minutes or so before the bags were delivered to the room), the staff apologized profusely and gave us free drinks at the bar. Overall: I would stay here again, but might look for another hotel in a slightly more convenient location.	
Dec 17 2008 	excellent hotel - loved it	Lovely hotel, attentive and very helpful staff. Helped us with the luggage as courtesy, not for the tip !. Lovely room, deluxe on an &quot;autumn break&quot; deal. Breakfast fresh pastries, fruit. etc lovely relaxing breakfast - could not fault. beautiful bathroom. The service from all staff concerned was faultless.No noise or traffic noise problems at all, nice and quiet.Lovely blackout curtains, gets extra brownie points from me for that !I could go on, but really a very lovely stay.We booked more just for a place to stay, and ended up enhancing our time in London. Found this via tripadvisor reviews, so thought i should contribute back.Would recommend it highly, would look forward to using again on any future stay in london.	
Dec 15 2008 	A little gem	We stayed in a deluxe room at the Parkcity on December 12th. We booked the &quot;Winter Warmer&quot; deal which was a reduced promotional rate which included a buffet breakfast.The room was average size for a London hotel and very warm and inviting. There was Frette linen in the room and a Bose sound system. There were plenty of free channels on the tv and films available to purchase should you wish to. You could also access the internet through the tv but it was quite pricey (£9 I think). The bathroom was lovely, it had a big bath with a monsoon shower and Molton Brown toiletries.The bed was lovely, the pillows were so soft and I had a brilliant night's sleep with next to no noise. We came back from our night out to find the bed turned down for us, chocolates on the pillows and a bottle of mineral water which was a lovely touch. The buffet breakfast was great, they brought freshly made toast to the table if you requested it and had a wide selection of foods to choose from. It would suit travellers from any country as there was something to please everybody. All in all we had an excellent stay, felt very welcome and would definitely go there again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Lovely birthday weekend at Parkcity	Just returned from a fabulous weekend in London for my birthday when we stayed at the Parkcity. It's a lovely hotel -spacious, quiet room, really comfy bed and loved the monsoon shower! Staff very friendly and efficient and the breakfast was delicious. Good location, quiet area and near to the tube - wouldn 't hesitate to recommend it and would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Nice hotel with excellent service	We stayed at The Park City hotel in London, Kensington for 4 nights this December. I did a lot of research before choosing this hotel since hotels in London seem to be quite expensive compared to what you get in terms of room size, breakfast included etc. Travelling in Asia we have stayed at hotels like Mandarin Oriental in Singapore and expect at lot from a hotel with comparable rates.We found this hotel to have good value for money, still it isn't a budget hotel. Our standard room cost 145 pounds/night, including english breakfast. The rooms are wellsized, clean and modern. The staff were attentive and helpful. There is no restaurant at night at the hotel, but 24 hour room-service and also lighter meals in the bar. The area has some good restaurants within 5-10 minutes walking distance ( The L restaurant has good tapas and Khans of Kensington served good indian food). The nearest subway station (we think) is Earls Court from which the Piccadilly line runs reaching the most central places of London within a couple of stops.	
Dec 12 2008 	Parkcity - Great base	We booked the Parkcity after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. We arrived on a friday afternoon approx 1 oclock . We were told that our room would be ready at 3pm.The reception explained where all the sites were that we wanted to see.He showed us on a map which we got to keep, as it was our first time in london .Then we went for a walk down to Harrods approx 20 mins from the Parkcity . When we got back ,we were able to checked into our room.The room was on the second floor and was impressive,a lot better than i expected . There was even heating and A/C controls for the room . It was finished to a high standard and looked to be done in the last couple of years . We went out to a West end show and when we came back there was a birthday cake in the room for my wife and a small card ,which i thought was a nice tuch because i never requested it . The hotel is appox 8 mins walk from Glouster road station on the picidilly/district line .We booked room only ,the cooked breakfast was £18pp ,which i thought was a bit steep , we went to a patisery / Cafe opposite the Glouster road station and had breakfast for £20 for the two of us . There is a small bar in the back of the hotel called Rubys bar for a quite drink or a snack.The staff were very helpful,you even got the bed covers turned down at 8pm by the maid ! When we checked out we were wanting to go to Mademe Tussauds and they kept the bags for us in a room until our flight at 6pm .This was a great base for us in london , it was my wifes first time there ,and her 30th birthday .It met all our expectations and more .We will be using it again when we return to london .	
Dec 12 2008	Perfect for 3 adults traveling together	We were three adults (mom and two children in their 20s) traveling together, which is tough to accommodate, especially for a reasonable price. We stayed in a ParkCity executive suite (a step up from Deluxe) and had a large double bed with a roll-in twin size bed. The room was very spacious, although shaped like a train car (advantage: bathroom was at far end). The windows open and let in the fresh air and even bird songs - quiet neighborhood, good location. The decor is not exactly cozy, and the recessed ceiling lights are piercing, but there was plenty of space for 3 people and their luggage. Flat screen TV, internet access 9 pounds per day.The bath/shower was new to me - it had high sides that are not easy to climb over if you are a certain age. Hotel provides chocolate truffles when you sign in and a bottle of complementary water. Restaurant for breakfast is located downstairs - food was overpriced but OK. Behind the hotel there is a grocery store - very handy for snacks and forgotten items. Walked down the street and ate at an Indian restaurant (many establishments to choose from).	
Dec 6 2008 	Great Hotel but avoid the bar	We stayed at the hotel for a saturday night in November, and our room rate was much reduced from their 'normal' one.Everything about the hotel was very good, professional staff, comfortable room with all mod cons, and nice quiet location just off the Cromwell road and about 5-10 minutes walk from the underground.The only reason it doesn't get 5/5 is the bar prices - we paid more than £7 each for a bottle of beer. Best to find a pub or bar in Earls Court or Gloucester Road.	
Dec 3 2008 	Quiet street 	Great service (Elvis took great, detailed care of us). Felt we got our money's worth. Room was small but clean. Quiet and safe street near the Underground and a local Sainsbury made sight-seeing convenient. Wish we had more time to explore the neighborhood cafes and nearby shopping. Can't put my finger on it, but while the room was clean and had all the amenities we needed, it just didn't feel cozy. There was a coldness about the room, even when the heat was on. This was not a problem because we spent so little time in the room, but definitely an overall impression I got.	
Dec 1 2008 	Its Really Great!	i stayed at the parkcity on the 20th and the 21st of november, and we were greeted by the super friednyl staff. Especially the bell boy, who went the extra mile to point out to me where the nearest tube station was.i love the molton brown toiletries! (: and it has a really great location as well, just walk staright down the road and you reach the gloucester road station.If you have enough time to spare you can even walk down to harrods as well.Alothough, my stat at the parkcity was short. But i have thoroughly enjoyed myself! (:thank you tripadvisor! (:	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved the Park City	My wife and I stayed for one night on Friday 28th November and loved the hotel. The hotel is extremely welcoming and was spotless. Arriving by taxi we were met by the concierge who took our bags and directed us to reception. All the staff were courteous, professional and dealt with any request. They were a credit to the management / owners. Our bedroom had a very comfortable 'kingsize' bed and all the room / bathroom facilities were excellent. Our party of seven (only my wife and I were staying at the hotel) descended on the bar after having dinner elsewhere (I have posted a report on the Foxtrot Oscar restaurant) and the bar manager served a range of different drinks and cocktails which were superb. I cannot comment on the breakfast as were travelling on the Eurostar to Paris and breakfast was included in the tickets. This hotel is ideally located for the Kensington / Hyde Park area and we would not hesitate in returning.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed one night for a party. Great hotel - staff were excellent and very obliging. We booked through the hotel website which has loads of options. Particularly liked the late checkout option (2pm) as we were up quite late... They do use feather duvets and pillows so if , like me, you're allergic you'll need to mention it. They were very good about changing the bedding but I was a bit embarassed about not mentioning it when I booked... The English breakfast is a buffet, with only the eggs being cooked fresh - only negative point...	
Nov 25 2008 	Can see why it is so highly rated	Not boasting but my mum, now 89, was being awarded an MBE for services to Oxfam, 46 years. We needed a hotel close to Buckingham Palace that would not break the bank!!!We read all the reviews of this hotel on Tripadvisor and thought it looked good, that was an understatement. It was not the cheapest in the area but you kinda get what you pay for. So here we go.1. We needed three rooms together or close to each other as we had teenagers and an 89 year old to keep an eye on (party animal). They could not guarantee this at time of booking but on arrival they gave us 210, 212, and 214. You can’t really get much closer than that. 210 and 210 were interconnecting so mum had some company and we were close at hand if there were any problems.2. We arrived at the hotel early after a flight from Belfast, they told us it would be unlikely the rooms would be ready at 10.00am, but they had got one ready so mum could have a nap and we had somewhere to leave the luggage, simply put, excellent customer service.3. The staff, particularly Richard (asst mgr), Rachid (front desk) and Paolo (in Rubys), wow. So friendly, so attentive, and just so nice to my mum, she felt so at ease the minute she arrived. They fixed a small problem with one of the TV's in 3 minutes, again perfect customer service.4. The location for us was perfect, perhaps not ideal for everyone but only 6 minutes from Earls Court Tube, and 10 minutes up to Kensington High Street (tube, loads of shops and restauarnts). I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will use it again the next time we are in London.Enjoy!!!	
Nov 17 2008 	Awesome hotel outside London	I found the ParkCity Hotel accurately ranked number 10 on the TripAdvisor web site. My wife and I stayed five nights and it was a pleasure to stay there. We arrived before check-in and they were able to get us a room before noon. The room was clean, large, bright and decorated in a modern style with a flat screen TV, Boise radio/CD, big bed and large shower. The service was very good and the concierge was very helpful. Breakfasts was tasty and not over priced. There is a down stairs bar and place to read right off the lobby. The two-story hotel was always very quiet and is located on a nice quiet street. Hotels in London can be very expensive but the price to stay at the ParkCity Hotel was surprisingly modest and an excellent value. The location, west of London, was in a nice part of Kennsington and just a few blocks from Earl's Court tube. Near by were grocery stores, restaurants and a great pub with a large choice of beers right across the street of the tube entrance. It was a strait 20-25 minute walk to the Victoria and Albert Museum, Harrods and the Kennsington Palace. I do a lot of international business travel and stay at business hotels. But when I am on vacation I want to stay at a quiet hotel with local flavor and this is that kind of place. I highly recommend this hotel..	
Nov 15 2008	Don"t Stay Anywhere Else	After searching for a decent hotel in Kensington, London, we decided that we would stay at the Parkcity hotel. From the moment we arrived until we left the service and the hotel could not be faulted. The hotel itself is set amongst some beautiful terrace houses, has been recently refurbished (very very stylish and modern) and is really well positioned close to Gloucester Road Station (5min walk), Kensington Gardens (15 min walk) and High Street, Kensington (15 min walk) not too mention restaurants, Sainbury's, cafe's and the most beautiful french patissere opposite the tube station. There is also a starbucks opposite the station for all the USA travellers. The hotel is located off Cromwell Road in a residential area so the room was very very quiet. The hotel is immaculate and exceeded all of our expectations. We thought it was such value for money. Firstly the staff were so nice and after 30 hours of flying it was comforting to know we were going to be well looked after. Although our room wasn't ready when we arrived (at 8am) they allowed us to shower, change and store our luggage while we went off and explored London. After arriving back they were courteous, had our room ready, bags and all, and set us up with some biscuits, tea and fresh bottled water. The room was beautiful, king size bed, enormous bathroom, very modern and very very comfortable. I cannot speak highly enough of this hotel and for $AU230 a night it was a bargain.	
Nov 14 2008 	5-star service	We have stayed five nights in Parkcity in early November. The hotel is situated on a quiet street, about 5-10 minutes walk to Earls Court tube station. Room is neat and tidy, with molton brown toiletries. I am deeply impressed by the 5-star customer service of the hotel. All staff at the reception counter, concierge and restaurant always wear a smile and are ready to offer assistance at all times.Also recommended is a chinese restaurant named Dragon Palace on Earls Court Road, just opposite to Earls Count station and next to Subway. I come from Hong Kong and would say that the dishes are of high quality with reasonable price.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Parkcity from Oct. 25 to Nov. 1, room 103, and had a great stay. The room was very clean, with a king size bed, a small table and chairs. The room was spacious and modern with a spotless bathroom. The staff was very nice and helpful. Our room was beside the elevator and we didn't hear anything, In fact, it was so quiet, that we felt like we were the only guests in the hotel. Situed on a quiet street, 10 min. from the Gloucester road tube and near grocery stores, shopping area and restaurants. We would go back without any hesitation.We highly recommend this hotel. Overall : good price for London, very clean, modern and quiet, good size room, very nice and friendly staff.	
Nov 6 2008 	Love the ParkCity!	The ParkCity is truly a gem on a fantastic quiet street! We stayed there for 4 nights in early November and found the hotel to be a great value in a perfect location. It was very quiet, clean and comfortable. The rooms aren't huge, but I wouldn't call them small. I am very picky about cleanliness and our room met my standards. The bathroom is very special, with a nice deep bathtub, rain shower head and hand held shower head. I felt like I was at home!The staff was very friendly and helpful. The first night we got there, we asked for a coffeemaker and they brought up a tray with a selection of teas, instant coffee, sugars, creamers, an electric kettle, cups, saucers and spoons. It had everything we needed to make morning coffee and evening tea for our whole stay.Our TV wasn't tuning in to the CNN channel, so we called and they sent someone up to fix it. (We were there during the election and really wanted to watch the results on a U.S. TV channel.)We were offered turn-down service every night and when we told them it was unnecessary, they would give us the chocolates. Very sweet.We booked through their website and were able to get an early bird special and pre-pay for the high speed internet at a discount from the standard £9.99.I loved this hotel and would love to keep it a secret, but I like it so much that it deserves a good review. I will definitely stay there every time I am in London.	
Nov 3 2008 	Still a gem of a hotel	I stayed at the Parkcity for one night in October for a theatre trip. My second stay at Parkcity, this time I chose a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room on the front of the hotel. There were a few advantages to the standard rooms - more spacious and airy, lovely big bed, and we got breakfast delivered to the room on a trolley rather than a tray (not sure if this was related to the room choice or not!). This was a fantastic second stay, for the price it's superb. So many hotels in London are so naff - this is a real gem.We did have a slight problem with the heating - the aircon/heating system in the rooms is quite old and when the weather starts to cool they apparently sometimes have problems with the heating coming back on. But after a call to reception, 30 minutes later our heating was repaired and fully functioning. Fantastic response as I've come to expect at Parkcity.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great hotel in convenient location	Stayed at the ParkCity overnight on a weekend. Good, clean &amp; modern hotel. Check in and out was efficient and the staff were very pleasant during my stay.Stayed in Room 15 - a standard double room. Room wasn't massive but a good enough size, well set out and furnished. Double bed was comfy with decent linen. The room had many facilities - mini bar; hairdryer; safe; BOSE CD / radio; LCD TV. The only thing missing was tea and coffee making facilities.Room also had chair, table and desk. Bathroom was impeccably clean with a good powerful shower over the bath. Nice touches were the evening turn down, lovely molton brown toiletries and a free newspaper in the morning. Location wise - it's very convenient to wherever you want to go in London. Nearest tube station is Gloucester Road. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 26 2008 	You can easily pay more for a room in London and get none of the above	My wife and I loved the clean, comfortable and good sized rooms. The quite South Kensington location was only a 5 minute walk to the tube station and 10 minutes from Kensington High Street and the Natural History and V &amp; A museum. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the bed was comfy. Highly recommended.	
Oct 19 2008	Nice hotel some issues with temperature	We wish that there was a 3 1/2 star rating because this hotel seems to be right in between 3 and 4 stars. The hotel has a great location, the rooms are nice with a modern decor, the prices are reasonable for London, and manager was very helpful but a few minor issues with some of the other staff.The few issues keeping this hotel from getting 4 stars. We had a terrible time adjusting the temperature even after calling the front desk. We were told that the heat and cool takes 15-20 minutes to kick in, which would be too long anyway, but in fact it never cooled off and we had to leave windows open which presented some noise problems during the night. We were also overcharged for some wine delivered to the room which was corrected promptly once we called. All that said, we would recommend this hotel with the caveats above.	
Oct 18 2008 	First Class Hotel	In a city where it's hard to find a hotel that's passable for less than three hundred pounds a night The Parkcity is a gem. Good location, spotlessly clean, modern inside, great welcome and service, free turn-down and chocolate, free bottle of chilled mineral water every day, free newspaper every day, free safe, comfortable bed, quality linen, nice bathroom (a rarity in England), plenty of quality towels. The only thing missing was tea making facilities, which we commented on, in their feed-back form which prompted the manager to seek us out to tell us it will be available by the next time we stay. The hotel also had the fastest check-in and check-out I've ever encountered. Plenty of restaurants in nearby Earls Court Road or Kensington High Street, easy walking to both. Don't go to the Italian restaurant on the corner, it looks nice but the food is drab and dearer than Harrods, plus none of the waitresses speak English (Polish I think).	
Oct 14 2008 	Perfect Hotel	The Parkcity hotel is the perfect hotel for your stay in London. We stayed there for 4 nights during our honeymoon in Europe, and this is almost the best one among five of the hotels we've stayed in Europe. It's in a perfect location in Central London, about 10 minutes walk to Earl's Court tube station, the area itself is pretty good, near Kensington which is the most expensive area in London. The bed is so comfortable, the staff service is excellent, the English breakfast is great, everything is clean and good looking. I enjoyed my stay at Parkcity hotel alot and hope to stay there again!	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved Parkcity Hotel.	My husband and I travelled around Europe for our honeymoon in July/August 08 and stayed at the Parkcity hotel, from 17-21 July. We landed in London following a 15 hour flight and were pretty tired and weren't looking our best, but we were very impressed as we stepped into this classy hotel and were escorted to our room (#308). The room was larger than we had anticpiated, the bed was so comfortable and we had a view out over the street. The service we received from all the staff there was excellent, particularly Elvis who went out of his way to make us feel welcome. On our last day there, he recommended we visit Regent's Park, which was amazing. Each day we were there we either walked or caught the underground to get around, the hotel is in a heaps good location. We would definately recommend the Parkcity hotel, we had such a memorable stay there. Jess &amp; Allan from Australia.	
Oct 4 2008 	Magnificent Hotel !	I and my wife have just returned from an 8 nights stay in the magnificent ParkCity hotel in London, from Sep 24th 2008 up to Oct 2nd 2008. This hotel is one of the best hotels that we have ever stayed in (and we have stayed in many good hotels worldwide in over 30 years). Everything was excellent: the quiet location with the good underground connection via the nearby Earl's Court station; the luxurious, well furnished and very clean hotel; the spacious and well equipped standard room; the warm and professional service; and the rich breakfast. For the first night we received room 410 which had narrow space around the big king size bed, but for the rest 7 nights we received room 314 which was excellent (see attached photos), an ideal place to rest after a long day journey in London. The only drawbacks were the relatively high telecommunication connection fees: 1 pound for a toll free phone call and the 10 pounds per day for internet connection. We booked the room via otel.com who gave us the best offer including full breakfast, an offer which was significantly cheaper than those from other suppliers.	
Oct 1 2008 	Quiet and convenient	A nice quiet hotel in a good London neighborhood. A little out of the way, but still convenient to all major London attractions via the tube.My wife and I stayed for three nights in a standard room. It was comfortable and not as small as I expected for a London hotel room. We found the room to be exceptionally clean. The staff were also quite helpful. The only problem we encountered was a lack of heat from the central unit on our first night which was remedied by space heaters. The central unit was fixed the next day.I would recommend this hotel and would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	The Parkcity? FABULOUS!!	My wife and I celebrated our 15th anniversary with a trip to Europe. Our first stop was in London and we stayed for one evening prior to flying to our next stop.The room at the Parkcity was as we expected. Reading all the previous reviews on numerous hotels in London had prepared us for smaller rooms which are simply furnished. The pictures in previous posts are entirely accurate. Simple, clean and 'cozy'.The location is very close to the underground station. Maybe a 5-10 minute walk and easy to find. It is down a side street and as such, had very limited street noise.The staff were absolutely EXCELLENT! They were very helpful in assisting us to locate nearby sites. Their recommendation for dinner (a local pub, Britannia) was perfect. They were also instrumental in helping us to navigate the bus system and helping us secure transportation to Stansted airport the next morning (we needed to leave at 4:30 am!). Elvis, in particular, was cheerful and knowledgeable. This is the attentive care we all search for when visiting a foreign country.We will definitely stay here in the future. We did not have any difficulties with inappropriate charges. The hotel is FABULOUS. Thank you.	
Sep 27 2008 	Nice hotel in quiet part of London	My husband and I stayed at the ParkCity while vacationing in the UK in May 2008. The hotel is very well decorated and absolutely spotless. The staff was efficient and friendly. Its located about half a mile from the Gloucester Road tube station in Kensington. The location is surrounded by a ton of other hotels and residential houses. It is also not far from some very high end shopping. Most of the patrons seem to be young, wealthy travelers. Mostly dressed in the latest fashions looking like they were on their way to go shopping.We stayed at this hotel twice, in both a standard and a deluxe room. Besides a slightly larger room, I do not believe there is much of a difference between the deluxe and the standard rooms. I would recommend this hotel to any fashionable young person looking to stay in a quiet neighborhood in London.	
Sep 24 2008 	Wonderful Place to Stay	This is a wonderful new hotel if you are coming to London for a vacation. It is in a quiet, safe neighborhood that is close to the underground. There is a grocery store that is even closer (with a Starbucks). There are many neighborhood restaurants, as well as one in the hotel. The hotel also has the internet and a gym. We were happy with the size and cleanliness of the room and the bathroom. The staff was also very helpful. We will stay here again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Never Again.....	Well, having stayed at this Hotel twice before, after reading rave reviews about the place, we found that is was VERY expensive for what it offers, and really does not offer good value for money at all, BUT, having been given a Virgin &quot; Classic Break &quot; for Xmas, we decided to give the place another chance...... BIG MISTAKE....... Arriving on a Friday afternoon, after a long journey from Wales, the reception insisted I HAD to swipe my Credit Card ASAP to avoid the Hotel being ripped off by Customers.Really makes you feel welcome when you have already paid Months in advance I can assure you.... Then to add insult to injury, they put £100 on my Credit Card, which was debited at once, and I am STILL trying to get it back from them. So my advice to anyone reading this and staying at the Park City Hotel is, do NOT give them your Credit Card details on arrival, as they WILL try and claim it from your account immediatelly.Be Careful Folks, this Hotel, does not respect your Credit Card limit at all. It can leave you short of money if they do this to everyone.... So, on to our stay.... We had paid for a &quot; Welcome Pack &quot; which was not in the room when we arrived, and we had to phone up for it, on 3 occasions, took them about 2 Hours to sort that one out, by which time we about to go out, so a total waste of time and money indeed, and it ended up in the rubbish bin, the next Day.... No sign of Tea and Coffee facilities in the room, so once again we had to phone reception for this basic facility, and we then got a broken kettle, after a wait of about an Hour, we then phoned reception ( AGAIN ) and were told there was not another kettle available at the moment, BUT, as a gesture of goodwill ( SERIOUSLY ) they would send us a jug of hot water, and they DID,and then the waiter expected a tip too, he stood there for a while holding his hand out !!!! As you can probably guess, this was not a nice stay for us, so we just got out of the place on Friday evening, went to our Concert at the 02 Arena, came back in the evening, slept in the large uncomfortable bed, had breakfast in the morning and got out of the Hotel early on Saturday afternoon, after checking with reception that we would NOT be charged for anything on our stay. I asked for the reciept that was swiped on my Credit Card when we arrived, but was told everything was fine, and it had been cancelled. We actually did not spend a penny in the place, as we did not think they deserved our custom, but are now engaged in a battle of wits, trying to get our £100 back... Personally,after our recent experience, I would advise you to avoid this Hotel at all costs, but if you DO stay here, check your Bill with a scrutinous eye.....As a footnote to this, I have now spoken to the Managers at length about our stay there, and WHY they debit your Credit Card on arrival, and have since been informed they usually put a £50 charge for every night you stay there. Which just puts salt in the wound as far as we are concerned, We only stayed ONE night, yet they charged us for TWO.......Lucky we didn't stay a week then, as my Card would have had £350 on it, when I got home.......We will certainly not be staying here again, thats a certainty...	
Sep 22 2008	OK for a short term stay	My wife and I stayed the night of Sept. 11th. While we certainly had no complaints and found it overall a decent value in a location we rather liked, there's nothing special about this hotel. The room was rather utilitarian: basic and somewhat charmless. But the beds were comfortable and the space adequate. And I'd certainly be remiss if I didn't give the staff a decided thumbs up. They were uniformly friendly and very professional. Would I return? Probably yes, since our rate of $280.50 included not only VAT but breakfast as well. As I said, fair value for the money. Also not to be overlooked, we found it quiet. A most important consideration for me. H.W.Hallman Denver, Colorado	
Sep 22 2008 	Either You Love it or You Hate it. No in-between.	Hotel sits on a nice quiet street. Taxi drivers have no idea it exists. The interior lobby is nice, the staff are friendly and accommadating but the rooms are small. I enjoy being able to walk around a hotel room without bumping into furniture. If you don't plan on spending much time in the room, I highly recommend this as a place to rest after a long day because it is very peaceful. The proximity to shopping and dining is fair, everything is either a short walk or a ride on the bus, underground or taxi. I would likely stay here again for the overall value.	
Sep 18 2008 	Very disappointed	This was our second stay in the hotel as our previous visit was so comfortable. However, we were very disappointed by our allocated room during this visit, room 16 (under the stairs on the ground floor). The air-con system in the room did not function. Even at maximum strength, no cold air was produced despite the fans operating. Room 16 has its windows permanently locked. This meant that my partner and I were left to stew in an unpleasantly hot room all night with absolutely no ventilation. Reception offered a &quot;solution&quot; to the faulty air-con problem, but their suggestion failed to fix it. Secondly, the TV system in the room was not functioning when we arrived, and wasn't fixed until 11am.I wrote to the manager with my complaints and mentioned them to reception, but I've not had the courtesy of a reply. Very poor for such a nice hotel in an excellent location!	
Sep 8 2008 	Exactly what we hoped for	Just back from a long weekend at the Parkcity. Great staff! Super little place. Pretty convenient for tourists with the 74 bus at the end of the road and 5-6 mins walk to Gloucester Road (Picadilly Line e.g. to and from Heathrow) underground station. Decent breakfast included in our deal. Only criticism at all was no coffee/tea tray in room. Almost made up for by extra nice bedclothes, Bose radio, LG flat screen and superior hairdryer. Also Moulton Brown goodies in the bathroom	
Sep 4 2008 	Lovely lovely lovely!	First off, I lost my mobile phone as soon as we arrived in London. It fell out in the taxi and got lost forever. The hotel was really proactive in trying to help me. What else can I say? This hotel is a gem!!!!!! Wonderful, caring staff in an excellent location - very close to two tube stations and finally, a comfortable bed!!!!!!! The room was clean and lovely. The hotel is beautiful and quaint. There's nothing more to say.... I LOVE YOU, PARKCITY! Thank you for an amazing stay!	
Sep 1 2008 	A Hidden Gem!!	A real hidden Gem! - Stayed one saturday night in August for an overnight event in London. I must say the location is very convenient, being in Kensington and right on the door step for all its local museums etc - but tucked away nicely in a quiet location so that waking up on a Sunday morning in peace and quiet was lovely. Room was superb and good size. Bed was so comfortable it was a shame to get out of it - but the room service breakfast was out of this world so that helped! All in all a fabulous hotel and well worth getting off the main roads of Kensington to find it. Top place!	
Sep 1 2008 	2nd visit	This is our 2nd visit to the hotel. We were there for a night out in London just before we get married. They upgraded the room and gave us a bottle of wine, which was a lovely gesture.The room was great,small but clean and smelt lovely, I love the shower and molten brown products.The English breakfast was good, could have been a bit hotter, but overall I do like this place a lot and will come back again no doubt in the future.Did not try the bar this time as we had early evening plans but on my last visit they had somebody playing the piano.	
Aug 30 2008 	6 Nights at the ParkCity	As with everyone else it seems, I picked the ParkCity based on the reviews on Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. I traveled to London with my wife and two daughters (ages 8 and 15). We booked a special package, called the Summer Sensation Package (or something like that). Each deluxe room was 165bp's per night per room including VAT, and a continental breakfast for each person each morning. We booked two rooms, and they were the only hotel I checked with that would confirm and guaranty that the rooms would be connecting (rooms 108 and 110). We were also given coupons for 4 drinks in the bar. I also booked high speed internet access in advance for 6.50bp's per day, relatively cheap for London. Saved about 3pounds per day by prebooking. Still no wireless though!The location is ideal. The neighborhood is totally safe, and we never felt uneasy no matter what the day or night. A grocery store is a 2 minute walk away, and many restaurants and other services are within a 10 minute walk. We frequented the Earls Court Tube station, which is less than a 10 minute walk through very nice neighborhoods. From that Tube station, all of London is a short journey away. It seemed much nicer than the Gloucester Road station. The hotel itself is very nice, and very different from a chain hotel like the Marriott, or Holiday Inn, in my opinion. Very much more English, which I can't really explain. The lobby is immaculate. The little bar is just OK; very much a quiet little place. In fact, the whole hotel is VERY quiet. We kidded that we seemed to be the only people in the entire place! It would have been nice to have a bit more interaction with some other guests, but I'll take the peace and quiet any day. The rooms were decent: probably about the size of a normal US hotel room. Bathrooms were very nice as were the beds. The air conditioning in our rooms was very quiet and COLD. One nuisance is the light switches on the outside of the bathrooms. Our rooms were right next to the lift, but we never were bothered by that. Windows opened as well for some fresh air. We never made it down to the restaurant, Lessandro's, for breakfast. We always had our &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast via room service, which was always delivered promptly at the time we requested the previous evening. I was expecting Lessandro's to have a dinner menu, which they did not, so you have to go out for lunch's and dinners. This was fine with us, but the first night we would have rather had room service. The continental breakfast was really good; fresh rolls/toast/croissants; yogurt; coffee/tea; cereals; fruit plate. Very filling and delivered to your room if you'd like! Regularly 13.50bp's per person...A couple of restaurants we tried in the area included Bella Vista (on Cromwell); il Borgo (on Glouchester); and the a chinese place, The Dragon, I believe, near the Earls Court Tube. All were excellent! We also tried Giraffe on Kensington High, but weren't impressed. The service at this hotel is decent, not exceptional. Everyone is friendly, and they execute well, but there is something missing. Not sure what it is. This wasn't a big deal, as we don't require alot of hand holding and really spent a minimal amount of time in our rooms. And there wasn't alot that we needed anyway. I would recommend getting a car from Heathrow, as I can't imagine lugging our luggage through the Tube and then to the hotel (my ladies pack alot of stuff). We used Londonheathrowcars.com; about half the price than the hotel's car service and they did a good job and were reliable. Still about $90 USD each way though.Checking out was a breeze. The bill was perfect with no surprises. All in all, a great home base for exploring London. Not cheap if you are getting two rooms, but a good alternative that gave the kids their own place, and us parents some privacy too!	
Aug 30 2008 	Why would you stay Anywhere Else?	My wife and I have just stayed at the Parkcity Hotel in Kensington. This place is a real find! firstly on check in, we were upgraded from standard room to a Delux! The hotel is very very stylish, the staff are polite efficient and somewhat stylish also. We were taken to our room by the concierge who showed us the various things in the room, the Safe, TV (flatscreen) and the air con.Our room was fantastic!! The bed was huge and the bedding wonderful. Being in the bed was like having a huge hug.Everything about this place was and is superb. The staff did all they could to make our night's stay fantastic.The breakfast was vast and really good quality, served downstairs in a stylish dinning area. We asked for a taxi and where whisked in to a mercedes with a sharp dressed driver who took us to our retsuarant in Buckingham Palace Road in no time.Really stay here it is fantastic, clean, stylish, peacful and most of all honest and elegant. you would be mad not too.	
Aug 25 2008	Perfect London Accomodation!	We thoroughly enjoyed staying at the Parkcity Hotel. Our room was beautiful, the bathroom spacious, and the fridge and safe added perks. We had stayed at the nearby Ashburn Hotel over New Year's, but some negative reviews caused me to look elsewhere for this trip. Personally, I loved the Ashburn too, but the Parkcity was a nicer hotel. Benefits of the Ashburn: free breakfast, free movie channels, a turndown gift on the pillow, and free champagne nightly. (although some of these things may have been part of the holiday package deal). Benefits of the Parkcity: great location, near Earl's Court with lots of food choices, working air-conditioning, huge tub/shower, fridge with room for our own items, and quiet location. We love London, and having a pleasant place to stay makes it all the better.	
Aug 24 2008 	Good Hotel	Spent two nights at this stylish hotel. The room, whilst small was very well equipped and high quality fittings, furnishings and toiletries.The staff were attentive and the public areas of the hotel were comfortable.Only complaint being the bar prices were on the high side.Very comfortable hotel and no hesitation recommending.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice hotel in a great location	We found this hotel in Trip Advisor. It was located in our favorite area of town, so when we read all the great reviews we booked a couple of nights. We were not disapointed. Near two tube stations on a quiet side road, this was a very nice hotel. Service was pleasant and helpful. We had a slight problem in our bathroom and within minutes of calling the front desk the concierge knocked on our door and proceeded to fix the problem himself. The room was clean and modern, but on the small side. However, in this case, size did not matter. There was enough room to relax (the bed was very comfortable-quite important in our view for any hotel stay.) Besides, we were in London to viist the city and not to hang around in our room. The air conditioning worked fine.The price was reasonable for London and for that area. We are already planning our next visit to London and we will be staying at this hotel again. No hesitation. Michel and Judy	
Aug 23 2008	Maybe it's just me but...	OK, from the majority of reviews here, this place is loved my many. I cannot for the life of me work out why.No need to explain the hotel itself, as this has been covered well by other reviewers. And yes, it is a nice, quiet location. And that's it.The room (their best suite) was decidedly small for the price, even by London standards. The furniture was clean but cheap, with the sofa being particularly poor.The staff (I only spoke with the chaps on reception) provided an adequate service in a not terribly interested manner.I can only assume that I'm missing something that so many other see clearly. That, or not all these other reviews are quite what they seem.	
Aug 22 2008	A second great stay at Parkcity	After a first great stay at the Parkcity earlier in the year I was keen to return and not disappointed. The service was exceptional and the staff friendly and helpful. Small details like a &quot;welcome back&quot; were appreciated. The hotel is clean and well furnished with a bit of luxury. The breakfast at £10 per head particularly good value. We were offered eggs cooked too order, beautifully presented and a meal in themselves.Another bonus is the pleasant 10 - 15 minute walk to Kensington High Street with a good range of shops and restaurants.I shall certainly stay again in the future.	
Aug 20 2008 	Superb find in a lovely safe area of London	I believe in staying at a hotel twice before reviewing it. This is surely one the most friendly but excellent quality hotels in which to stay in horribly expensive London - where most hotels don't care about service and quality - unless you're lucky enough to afford the Savoy or similar. ( I've also done that but they can be quite intimidating and pompous!!) This hotel provides everything one can ask for in an overnight stay, good unpretentious service, excellent beds with good linen, spotlessly clean and well-equipped bathrooms, and very well-cooked breakfast. Unfortunately, parking has to be at local NCP which adds to cost if you take a car. However, the walking distance to local restaurants is a bonus (no cabs required).Would not hesitate to stay again.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great hotel....Great value !	We stayed here for one night as it was within walking distance of the Albert HallThis really is a great hotel. We had a de luxe room which was just perfect. Very spacious, spotless, beautifully furnished, fabulous bed and nice touches such as Bose radio/CD and Molton Brown toiletries, and all for a very reasonable price in London terms.Front desk and staff were both helpful and pleasant and the piano bar was great to come back to for a nice cocktail accompanied by some very pleasant piano music.Breakfast was also very nice and included in our web special deal.Hotel is only a short walk from a couple of tube stations and some nice pubs / restaurants.In short this is really great hotel, and certainly one of the best City hotels we have stayed in and will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 4 2008 	This hotel was as terrific as we'd hoped	My husband and I just returned from a week's stay at the ParkCity which we selected based upon the previous reviews and proximity to the Imperial College of London where he had meetings over several days. Check in was efficient and the desk staff very helpful. We booked a deluxe room and found it large in comparison to the many European hotels we've frequented. As others have mentioned, the air conditioning wasn't great and wasn't sufficient for the hot weather we encountered. The hotel immediately provided a fan which made an incredible difference. When I asked about using the mini refrigerator in the room without being charged, hotel staff was glad to remove its contents immediately. We were then able to fill it with fruit, water and whatever else we picked up from Sainsbury, a 24 hour market just around the corner.The bed itself was very comfortable... this hotel uses Frette sheets and robes. They unfailingly replenished the toiletries every day. There was also turn down service with chocolates on the pillows each night. A local newspaper was delivered to the door every day and USA Today is available in the lobby each day. The hotel itself is on a quiet street with little noise but close enough to both the Earl's Court and Gloucester street tube stops. Earl's Court is a little closer but we used both tube stops several times. From a location perspective, walking to Kensington High street was about a 10 minute walk through pleasant neighborhoods. We had breakfast, not included in the room rate, at the hotel at least 2 times although we never saw more than one other individual or couple there on the mornings we ate there. The food and service were fine but relatively expensive. We found another restaurant; Kensington Square a much more enjoyable option. This restaurant...just a couple of blocks from Kensington High street, serves breakfast late, has outside tables which face a lovely garden and great food/service. We had breakfast there twice.Overall, this hotel was a terrific value in every aspect...service, room size, amenities, location. We would definitely look to the ParkCity again if we needed to stay in that part of London in the future.	
Aug 3 2008 	A backwater gem	We booked this hotel for its location - to be close to the Albert Hall as we were attending the Proms. We were not to be disappointed. On arrival we were shown to the room by a highly knowledgeable concierge who took us through all we needed to know. A slight hiccup occured with the room - no fault of the hotel chain and we moved to an even better room, slickly and with absolutely no inconvenience to ourselves. Well done to the reception staff who were always in control, putting the customer first.The room was excellent, huge comfortable bed, lots of wardrobe /storage space, monsoon shower, super toiletries, black out curtains and an area in which to eat separately. Room service was above average. The corridors for some obscure reason are incredibly warm but this isn't an issue in your air conditioned room - quiet air conditioning at that! The hotel is situated in a quiet back water of Kensington and it's well worth looking closely at street maps to avoid walking along the busy Cromwell Road.All the major museums are close by, also the Tube - Gloucester Station. For families on budgets there are all the usual supermarkets close by to avoid high costs of eating out.If you are up for a high market evening out try the Mandarin Oriental Bar in Knightsbridge - pricey but service on another scale, excellent food and even better drinks, cocktails. Great Evening In all we would stay at this hotel again ? Without hesitation.	
Aug 2 2008 	Comfort on buget in London	I had a pleasant stay in a very comfortable room with all the commodities for a very reasonable price of 200€/ night.	
Aug 1 2008 	Excellent stay	Stayed here for one night and wish we could have stayed longer. The location is a bit off the beaten path, but easy walking distance to the tube and all sorts of shops and amenities. Not cheap, but very good value for the price.This was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in - I wish I could take it home with me! The truffles on our pillows didn't hurt either...Very nice bath with Molton Brown toiletries.Friendly/helpful staff.We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Highly Recommend	Just returned from a four day stay at The Parkcity and can highly recommend it. The hotel is spotlessy clean, has the most comfortable beds, luxury toiletries, very pleasant and professional staff, in all excellent. It also has a nice outdoor terrace (although facing the back of Sainsburys) which is a lovely spot to enjoy a beer and rest your feet after touring London sights. We didn't eat at the hotel but our friends who came with us had a full breakfast in their room one morning and thoroughly enjoyed it - in fact they didn't need anything else all day! The hotel is situated in a quiet street a short walk from Gloucester Rd tube station and near to the Natural History, Science and Victoria &amp; Albert museums, Royal Albert Hall, Knightsbridge (i.e. Harrods &amp; Harvey Nichols) etc. Variety of restaurants and pubs in walking distance - Gloucester Road towards Kensington High St. We ate at the Prince Rupert (Gastropub?) on Gloucester Rd - it was good value for money. Also recommend the hop on, hop off bus tour (which includes a river cruise) - the bus stop is in Gloucester Rd, just walk past Sainsbury's supermarket (open 24 hours Mon-Sat) and turn left. Taxi to Kings Rd, Chelsea only cost £6 and if you are meat eaters can also recommend the informal Big Easy restaurant - fantastic ribs and steak. We booked in advance with the hotel via the internet and paid the online advance booking price for the rooms - well worth doing. We will definately be visiting this hotel again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Love this hotel simply the best!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for about 4 nights back in September 2006. I didn't want to spend the money because it was expensive to me (about Cad $300/night), but I went ahead because we need clean and nice hotel. I wasn't disappointed at all. It was simply the best and it's worth every penny.I meant to write the review after I came back but I was busy. After nearly two years, I still remember the hotel and my husband and I still talked about the hotel because it's very clean and nice. We loved it. I would definitely go back to this hotel if we stay in London.	
Jul 21 2008 	Very Swanky !!	My husband an I went for a romantic weekend away for 2 nights and it was fantastic. We arrived and we had our bags carried to the room. The room was small but very very clean and tidy and the bathroom was stunning. Lovely toiletries as well ! The room was tidied twice each day and chocolate on the pillows which was a lovely touch. The breakfast was great and the staff very helpful. All in all a very nice stay nothing bad to say about it at all. Not too pricey either which was a nice surprise!	
Jul 21 2008 	Wonderful!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a night before our early-morning flight to Iceland. I have to admit I felt a little spoiled. The Concierge was very nice (the blonde-ish guy with glasses, not the woman however), he helped us check in, helped with the bags, even let us check in two hours early which was a relief from a 'long' train ride there from Manchester.We took advantage of the bath tub, nice and roomy and the bubble bath soap that was provided was nice. We walked around London, grabbed some dinner at the M&amp;S, and went back and ate in the hotel. In the morning the Concierge was kind enough to call us a car (not a cab, but a Mercedes) and again helped us with our bags and wished us a safe trip. Since we didn't get a chance to see Big Ben and Parliament while we were there, the driver actually took us past them on the way to the airport just so we could get a quick snapshot. So nice!The Parkcity is in a wonderful and safe location, close to pretty much everything. It's actually quite luxurious, to be honest.Short distance to Soho from there.The beds are heaven, I swear I fell asleep within seconds.Everything was sparkling clean, nice view from the windows, safe, good lighting....wonderful service.what more can I say, great night! Hope to return!	
Jul 20 2008 	Great hotel	This is an excellent hotel. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were great. Stylish and comfortable. We had a free upgrade to a suite and we had so many rooms we were a bit disappointed we were only booked for one night and so had no time to use the sitting room, dining room and kitchenette!! Breakfast was good too. Parkcity is not that cheap but in London you have to pay for space so I felt we had value for money and would happily stay here again.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great stay! Very comfortable!	We stayed here based on the reviews on Tripadvisor....extremely pleased! Very hospitable staff. Upon arriving, a BIG LOUD American (I'm American) was whining and whining about stuff, but I refused to let her behavior have an impact on my determination whether I liked the place. Once we got a couple of small things ironed out (power was out in a couple of outlets, needed a cable for internet), we enjoyed our stay tremendously. The rooms are extremely updated and contemporary. Plenty of storage space, bed incredibly comfy, plus they upgraded us from a queen bed to a KING bed, which works well with a 6 year old kicker. And, though we were right next to elevator, we weren't disturbed by it. We had a nice view out our window of the backyard/grounds and were only a few blocks from Earls Court Underground. I would definitely stay here again... though, it is a bit pricey, with the US dollar so wimpy. $195/per night... in lbs. (so, $400/ngt)	
Jul 19 2008 	Simply the Best	I stayed in the hotel with my partner just for one night last weekend in room 101, to attend an early breakfast meeting in Kensington. Until one month ago I was not familiar with this hotel until I read the top ten London hotels on this site.This hotel is one of the best kept secrets in London.Comfortable bed and a sound night's sleep. The air conditioning was the quietest we have ever experienced.Frette linen on the beds and the hotel is in a very quiet location just off the Cromwell Road, a short walk from Gloucester Road tube station.We had two rounds of drinks in the Ruby's bar followed by a cheeseburger and club sandwich. Breakfast the next morning was good value with a full buffet and my favourite Eggs Benedict on the a la carte dishes.Friendly staff and great value for money.	
Jul 18 2008 	Excellent find thank you TA!	Stayed for one night at the start of July whilst staying in London for my Fiancee's birthday and booked after reading superb reviews here on TA!The hotel is fantastic and the staff very helpful. Stayed in Room 408 right at the top of the hotel overlooking the quiet residential street below.About 10 minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station or £15 cab ride from/into Central London.Room was superb, no faults at all. Mini Molten Brown toiletries and National Geographic magazines were available for example.Bar out the back of the hotel, although over looking onto the car ramp of the supermarket over the fence, was a nice quiet oasis at the end of the day.Recommended? Absolutely.	
Jul 18 2008 	Very pleasant but surprised it was rated number one in London.	Excellent modern clean room with plenty of space. Great breakfast and delightfully friendly staff. Some way out of central London and although close to Kensington, you are still a good walk (in the rain) from an underground station. The hotel is small and despite an agreeable back garden patio, would not be a place I would wish to spend an evening (a requirement if you have two children sleeping upstairs).Location in London is key. I thought this hotel was wonderful, but it was too far from downtown to make it my hotel of choice. Management, don’t drastically change anything. What you do, you do well.	
Jul 17 2008 	Excellent stay - staff helped make it !	Stayed here 14th - 16th July. Booked direct with hotel on line and got an excellent pre paid rate. All staff were excellent and cheerful, even offering to take photos for us before we left for a garden party. We used the hotel car service twice, which was a little more expensive than black cab, but then again you got a private driven mercedes for this. Nice if you are going somewhere special or want a little more comfort. Car turned up on the dot when requested and very smart car and driver.Rooms were excellent. Me and hubby had a deluxe room which had more space than standard but the standard rooms our mums had were both lovely. Breakfast was excellent with lots of variety and bar was comfortable with an outside sitting area if weather nice. Food and drink are london prices but if you wanted there is a 24/7 sainsbury just around the corner for anything from sandwiches to bottles of wine etc. Tube station a short walk and only a few stops to all areas of interest. No parking at the hotel but a secure parking site nearby.	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Hotel Great Value	We stayed at ParkCity Hotel for a 4-day vacation in London. Location is great, most sightseeing spots are within a 20 - 30 minutes metro ride. We actually chose to take the metro from Heathrow airport to the Hotel, and took about 30 minutes. I think it's actually a good option, instead of spending at least 40 pounds on the taxi if you don't have a lot of luggage. (train tickets are about 4 pounds /pp).The bed is extremely comfortable, the whole accommodation experience was excellent. We asked the iron/ironing board and was able to keep it in our room for the entire stay. The only thing I have to say is, when you walk from the metro station to the hotel, you will see at least 7 -8 hotels that are closer to the station, and you will start asking yourself the question that why didn't you book one of those hotels that are even closer to the train station? But, I do really enjoy the boutique hotel experience of ParkCity, so I think I will book it again in the future.The other thing I will recommend is to ask whether your room is going to be next to the elevator, because mine was. It is a little bit noisy when the elevator goes up and down, while you are trying to sleep.	
Jul 13 2008 	didn't dissapoint	First of all I must thank Tripadvisor for taking the guesswork out of booking a hotel. I booked the Parkcity on the feedback of others who had stayed there and it didn't dissapoint. The room was a good size and very clean. Everything was in great working order and as stated by others the beds are large and very comfy. The staff are first class and nothing is too much trouble. Had dinner at a lovely little italian place just down the road and room service on one occasion for dinner which was very good. The roomservice breakfast was also very good and worth spending the money on for the quality and convenience. There are two train stations within easy walking distance but on one occasion I wished were a little closer when I was caught in the rain. To sum up a great place to stay which offers all you could want. Would stay again when in London.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great Stay	As described by many. 7 minute from Picadilly line which is convenient to Westend theater, national galleries and palace. As traffic is terrible in London due to much construction it is important that a hotel is convenient to tube. Walk to Victoria Albert. Very quiet. Great concierge staff. Taxi service a bit expensive (over 20 pounds) if you stay past midnight in town. But we had a great, relaxed vist.	
Jul 11 2008 	Really clean good service	Stayed in London July 4-10 to sight-see. The Park City was our hotel the entire time. We were very happy, and would gladly stay here again if it was just the two of us. Great location, close to the museums, and sub stops (Earl's Court and Gloucester). The #74 bus route has a stop at the end of the street the hotel is on, and is very convenient to ride to Hyde Park/museums/Baker St, etc. It's great sometimes to catch the bus when you don't feel like walking the extra blocks to the Underground station. Sainsbury's grocery (like Kroger's in US) was just a five-minute walk away, and since there was a small fridge in the room, we bought soft drinks/water at the grocery to have during the day. The neighborhood the hotel is in is quiet, and seemed safe. The hotel itself has a very helpful concierge staff, nice lounge/waiting area, and delivers the London paper every morning to your room. They also have copies of USA Today in the hotel lobby, which is nice. They have a business center, but we didn't use it, as there was an inexpensive Internet Cafe about a block away which cost a little less to use. Our room was standard and small compared to US standards, but apparently that's to be expected in London hotels, and since there's so much to see/do, who wants to stay in the room anyway? Our room had about a foot of space on either side of the bed, one small round table with two chairs, a desk with a chair, a closet with a safe inside, and a nice sized bathroom with an extra-large shower head and large tub. There was not much room to walk around, most of the floor space was taken with the bed, desk, table, closet, etc. All the furniture was sleek and looked new, with clean simple lines. The water in the bathroom was always hot, and the bed in the room was queen-sized, super soft and comfortable with lots of pillows. They kept the room spotless, and had free turn-down service every afternoon. It was a little stuffy/warm in the hall outside the room, but the temperature in the room was always comfortable. There is a &quot;lift&quot; (elevator) to get to the higher floors. We payed about $150 US per night, and felt it was a good deal. There is a movie cinema close by that shows the latest US movies, and a post office right across the street from the Earl's Court tube station if you want to mail postcards home. One note of caution. We asked for a wake-up call the day we were leaving, and received one, but it was thirty minutes later than we asked for...not a big deal, but you might want to bring your own alarm clock.	
Jul 9 2008 	Parkcity - Great neighborhood; great hotel	We stayed at the Park City - London in early July 2008. It is about a ten minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station, 10-15 minutes from the Earls Court station.The neighborhood is excellent, nice quiet residential area in Kensington. The staff is excellent. Our room was relatively small, but the price/quality relationship for London was excellent. Internet is 6.50 pounds per day if booked with the room. It's 9.99 pounds per day at the hotel. expensive but less than most London hotels.I'd highly recommend the hotel and will stay there again without hesitation.	
Jul 6 2008 	could not ask for better	After much research via trip advisor (which I always use and has never failed me in the past) I booked two deluxe rooms for myself, my 2 sisters and mother at Parkcity .We had booked 2 deluxe rooms and were due to see 'Wicked' this being our first time in London. On arrival, inclusive of very polite attentive staff we were informed that our room wasn,t quite ready ,we very happily centered ourselves in the bar and had a refreshing drink ,very shortly we were informed that our room was ready and that we had also been upgraded,. To our amazement and pleasure the upgrade wasn't just to a better room.It was to a whole house!! 3 bedrooms 4 toilets and living ,dining and kitchen rooms.Everything was fabulous , I would be hard pushed to find a better place to stay in London, Park City xx	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the ParkCity June 27th to July 5th and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is in a quiet residential area close to tube stations, has very clean and spacious rooms and bathrooms. And above all, excellent customer service by all staff at the hotel. Probably the best service we have ever experienced and we travel quite a bit and stay in 4-5 star hotels. Also, we had a third person stay with us for a few nights and the hotel brought in an extra roll away bed for a nominal charge. Most hotels in London would not accomodate this request when I looked around. Plus, most rooms in London are quite small. The hotel recommended a great thai restaurant called the Blue Lagoon that we went to twice and highly recommend!	
Jul 6 2008 	A good experience	We just spend six nights at the Parkcity while touring London. The hotel is very modern, clean and comfortable. Rooms are small, which was expected in London. It is conveniently located near the Gloucester subway station and was adjacent to a Sainsbury's grocery store. The staff was friendly, but most struggled with the English language. We had a problem with the airconditioning, but the staff moved us to a different room at our request. Overall a very good experience.	
Jul 3 2008	Loved the Park City	I booked this hotel online last spring. After the reservation I wrote twice asking about a car rental and also asking about the bed size in our room. The hotel staff was very responsive to these e-mails and throughout our 2 day stay in June all the employees were just wonderful. Our room was clean and the bed comfortable. We loved the location and will stay in this excellent hotel next time we are in London. Highly recommend.	
Jul 2 2008	Great Value Enjoyed Stay	Enjoyed stay at this hotel and plan to book again in a month when I return. As a five star business traveller, I've unfortunately grown accustomed to certain amenities so I have my share of &quot;balanced reviews&quot; on TripAdvisor. We stayed here on pleasure and thought it to be a great value, and I've stayed in more than seven london hotels. Around $300 USD with a spacious room, modern styling and furniture. Compared to what you get in the Hyde Park and Kensington areas, a closet pretty much, this is a good value. As a pleasure traveller, the neighborhood is a quieter one and a ten minute walk to the underground, which is nice stroll after dinner or what not. Recommended!	
Jul 2 2008 	lovely hotel	My fiance and I stayed in the Parckcity for a week, its a lovely hotel comfortable and clean. We stayed in a standard room, it had a nice big bed but the trade off is slightly less floor room as our room wasn't the largest. Not really a problem as most of the day is spent sight seeing. Bathroom was up a couple of stairs (not a problem for us as we're in our twenties) the highlight is the kettle head shower, so refreshing and invigorating! There was an excellent continental buffet breakfast included in the room price. The staff were at all times courteous and friendly. The hotel is in walking distance of both earls court and glouster road tube stations so is an excellent base for sightseeing, and as the picadilly line crosses both these stations its really easy to get there from heathrow. There is a number of restaurants and fast food outlets within walking distance and also a restaurant in the hotel although we didnt avail of it.	
Jun 30 2008 	Terrific	I recently stayed at the Park City Hotel due to the terrific feedback from the Trip Advisor website.On our arrival we weren't to be dissapointed with its easy access to all London's main attractions.We booked a Super-Delux room which was massive for London Standards , the room being very nicely decorated and very homelyThe beds were the biggest and most comfortable i think i/ve ever had the pleasure to sleep in.All the staff were more than helpfull regarding trip etc.We ordered a breakfast which although was a little expensive once it arrived we decided it was more than worth and could probabley have fed a small army.All in all we have a terrific stay and will return	
Jun 29 2008 	Great boutique hotel in Kensignton	Lovely location in Kensington. Has all the facilities you'd expect from a much more expensive hotel, and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is close to two train stations, so this made getting around very easy. And is within 5 to 10 mins walking distance of High St, Kensington - great for shopping!	
Jun 27 2008	Parkcity was Excellent	We stayed at the Parkcity for 3 nights. We were very pleased with the Hotel and our room. The room was very spacious, comfy bed, nice sitting area and desk. Did I mention the cool air conditioner? The bathroom was also very clean and roomy. The area was nice and quiet and in walking distance to plenty of establishments. The Gloucester station is about 4 blocks, so it was nice to simply take a tube from Heathrow and get off over near the hotel. We did not eat at the Parkcity, so no comments there, however I did use the gym and it was nice. Basic running machines and free weights, which did the trick. They also have very quaint outdoor patio, if you would like to get some fresh air or enjoy a drink or a bite to eat outdoors. The staff was friendly and helpful when we had questions. Overall a great place. I would recommend if you are looking for a little more room, a nice quiet street, and friendly staff. We will be staying at the Parkcity one more time when we come back from Dublin. Looking forward to it.	
Jun 26 2008	Not that Good!!!	My husband and me stayed 4 nights in this hotel in June. The bed is fine and the room is spacious. The hotel is not close to any undergournd station. Also, this is a very noisy hotel, we could hear clearly whenever someone passing by the corridor (with luggages or not)and talking during the mid-nights for the next door!The staff is not helpful and impolite, they are not responsive at all. When we came back at 12am, the hotel is locked and probably the staff was sleeping so they opened door for us after 5-6 mins after we rang. So horrible, they would wake you up suddenly at 6.30am for collecting sth in our room (we hanged &quot;do not disturb&quot; tag outside the room already!!!)We emailed them for the room request before, such as want a quiet room for honeymoon trip and requested extra towels. The hotel simply ignore our requests, as if they never receive our email! Finally when you checked out, they put the mini bar water fee inside the bill but obviously we didnt open the refrigerator for anything in the 4 nights. so please check your bill carefully when you checking-out.Afterall, I think it's the worst hotel during our trip to 6 countires in Europe. The poor attitude of Parkcity is not tolerable. very bad experience for us indeed.	
Jun 26 2008 	Fantastic place for the price	For the second time in the span of about four weeks I'll be visiting London on business. And for the second time I booked my hotel stay at the Parkcity. As others have mentioned, the hotel is situated at a clean and relatively quiet location in Kensington. It's within a short walking distance from Hyde Park and the Natural History Museum. The staff are friendly and a pleasure to chat. I was suitably impressed with my previous stay at the Parkcity and will be so again in early July.	
Jun 23 2008 	Even better than the reviews say!	I planned my first trip to London for months, researching hotels with great care. We stayed in Parkcity Hotel our last night in London only because the first few nights my 16 year old niece and I wanted a more central location to see the Trooping of the Colour festivities. Parkcity is a little out of the way of central London, but you can take a cab in for about 10 GBP or take the subway.Parkcity was everything the great reviews say and more. First, it was the most immaculately clean hotel I have ever stayed in. From the moment you enter the bright lobby you are impressed by the sense of perfect order and high standards.We were greeted warmly by front desk staff who speedily checked us in. An elegantly dressed young man took our luggage and escorted us to our rooms, taking time to point out the features of each room and showing us how to use the TV. Even the elevator was exceptional, very modern with a voice system announcing the floor you are going to.I had chosen a superior king room and it was huge by UK standards and large by American standards. It was on 2nd floor and had a big bay window area with lovely drapes I could open to reveal a pleasing view of the residential street in front of the hotel. Bed was the most comfortable I ever slept in with a lovely soft duvet cover. Excellent minibar and also mineral water provided bedside. Flat screen TV was great and easy to use.The bathroom was as incredibly clean as everything else with a big rain shower, large tub and nice toiletries. The towels were big and very soft! Had continential breakfast delivered -- no butter was provided but otherwise excellent. Even little details like the light switches -- unusually designed small metal switches so you could control all the lighting from your bed -- were delightful.One little quibble was that when we asked the front desk to call us a taxi to take us to Horse Guards, they called a private car instead without letting us know in advance. This was more expensive than a regular cab would have been. It was comfortable, with a knowledgeable driver, classical music playing, and newspapers provided for us during the drive. But if you want a cab, be sure to tell them clearly you want a regular public taxi, not the private car unless you want to pay more.We booked online for the nonrefundable discount rate too which was a terrific deal. I would return to the Parkcity in an instant and recommend it to everyone.	
Jun 21 2008 	Really Nice Hotel	Just back from a 2 night stay at the Parkcity Hotel, London. We booked the hotel based on the good reviews on tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. There were 3 of us travelling together and it is quite difficult to get a treble room. The hotel gave us a Deluxe Double with a roll away bed for 3rd person. The room was really nice - bed extremely comfortable. The bathroom was upstairs which was unusual but meant the bed room felt bigger. There was a huge wardrobe and safe. Location was excellent - 10mins walk to Kensington High street. We used Gloucester Road tube (10 mins walk) for getting in/out of central London and also for our train to Heathrow. Hotel staff were very friendly and extremely courteous. The concierge was excellent and nothing was too much trouble. They had maps, directions etc for getting around London. We did not eat in the Hotel as we had a room only rate, and felt £18 a bit steep for full breakfast - so I can't comment on food or drink. We had hoped to have a cocktail in the bar, but we got back from our show around 11pm and it was pretty dead so we didn't bother. Would stay there again - location is idea if you want to be in a nice safe area but still close enough to get to all the action.	
Jun 20 2008	fantastic bed	Firm, wonderful large bed with perfectly low down pillows and so-soft Frett linen!! I was in heaven. The room was very quiet and very clean. We had a great walk in the neighborhood and felt safe. The only complaint was that we were cold before going to sleep and the &quot;heat&quot; didn't help matters. They gave us a space heater and we were fine. The staff was very nice.	
Jun 20 2008	Highly recommended!	This is NOT a luxury hotel...but it is pretty darn nice. The location was perfect- in a safe, beautiful residential neighborhood yet extremely accessible to lots of good restaurants and all of the sights. The staff was courteous and helpful and the rooms were fabulous to go home to every night. We had a standard sized room which wasn't very big by American standards, but plenty big enough for my mom and I. There wasn't tons of closet space, but we managed to unpack everything into the drawers provided. The decorations were simple and tasteful (looks just like the pictures)...and the flat screen TV and Bose radio were a nice touch. The beds were VERY comfortable and the AC worked well. The bathrooms were very large and had plenty of counter and shelf space.Given the cost of London hotels, this is a wonderful place to stay!BTW-- we used the National Express Dot to Dot shuttle service to get to and from the hotel. Maximum of 3 parties on the shuttle, so it's convenient- but MUCH cheaper than a cab. Book in advance at their web site.	
Jun 15 2008 	Brilliant	We stayed there from 5-8 June and had a great time.The front of the house service is everything you can hope for. I didn't have a question they couldn't answer or an issue they couldn't help resolve. Absolutely perfect.The standard rooms are quite big and luxurious, and was cleaned nicely even though we are quite messy.The only downside is the continental breakfast buffet which was lacking some and should really be included in the room price. But there are lots of places within a few minutes walk that serves great breakfasts so that was no big deal.	
Jun 15 2008 	Nice Hotel quite area	We spent 3 nights for a pleasure trip to London. Well located in Kensington. Hotel staff were friendly, knowledgeable and willing to help. Room was quite large by European standards. Very modern, comfortable and well furnished. Hotel is located on a quiet residential street. It is a 5-10 minute walk to shopping and restaurants. Short walk to museums and Hyde Park and tour bus stop. Booked directly through the hotel website with an earlybird prepaid room. Rate seems well below other hotels of comparable quality and location. No problems with booking. We did not buy breakfast with our room package, however some room packages include breakfast. The breakfast area was very nice and clean. The breakfast presentation looked great. A la Carte breakfast is very expensive (as is everything in London), so if breakfast is important to you, try to include it in your room rate, it might be a better deal. Would have no reservation about staying here again.	
Jun 14 2008 	Definately worth it!!	I stayed here with my partner for 2 nights.Room - the room was great. We has an executive room. As far as I know the only difference between this and a standard room, is the size. Having seen the standard room I personally thing this looks a little more 'cosey'. Othwerise the standards of the room were quite high and everything about it gets the thumbs up. The ar conditioning did not work on the first night in our room, however this cannot be blamed on the staff. They were very helpful once the problem was reported, and provided temporary solutions until they had it fixed the next day. The bed was extremely comfy!Service - the staff service was great. From check-in and the help with our luggage, to staff helping with any other small requests or the problem mentioned above. Friendly service from all staff can really help you with an enjoyble stay. The concierage helping with my luggage to the car seemed to come across as somewhat rude which can easily ruin a good stay however I wouldn't let one bout of rudeness ruin a great experience.The breakfast was at the standards expected. The location can only be judged on the purpose of your stay and it served our purpose well.Overall a very pleasant stay and I would certainly consider returning again.	
Jun 9 2008	An Excellent Return Visit	Second visit, which confirmed all of the good memories from the first. My only previous complaint from the Parkcity was the poor condition of the towels and linens, which have since been replaced. So, it is now a near-perfect London location. As long as you do not want to be at the center of action, you will love this hotel. The staff are firendly, the rooms and beds comfortable, and the location is on a quiet residential street. We used Gloucester Road station on the tube, which is on the Piccadilly line to Heathrow as well, so transfers to the airport are a breeze.	
Jun 8 2008	Great stuff!	This hotel is excellent. The room I stayed in was spacious, quiet, very smart, modern and clean. The bathroom was big. The TV was great. Book an early bird rate online to get the best deal. Would definitely stay again. The only downside is that it's pretty far from the City.	
Jun 7 2008 	Brilliant West London Location	I have recently enjoyed a 3 night stay at the Park City Hotel in Kensington London. It&quot;s in a great West London location and I found it perfect for taking in the City over a weekend whilst catching up with friends. The Hotel is in excellent condition with a newly refurbuished jazz style bar on the ground floor that probably doesn&quot;t get used as much as it should. Regrettably the bar service was a little patchy during my stay owing to the staff having little experience of working in a cocktail bar ( they got the drinks confused ) but other than that it was all very good. The plus side to this of course was that there were no boisterous or noisy guests returning to bed in the small hours waking people up ! The Hotel was nice and peaceful.One pointer is that the taxi cab service used for guests is very pricey and I believe that much better value is to be found using the standard London black cabs who charge approximately 25% less.Service was prompt and all staff were very polite... Excellent.	
Jun 6 2008 	Excellence	I stayed in Parkcity in business for two nights. The room was excellent! Very very comfy and big bed. The room was quiet even though it was on the street side of the building. So I got very good night sleep in that bed. The street the hotel is on is very quiet so the traffic noise is no problem. The situation is very good. Piccadilly tube is just a few mins walk from the hotel, so it is very convenient to travel to Airport or to any other destination in London by tube. Service was first class. I was escorted to room and I was also very much helped with my travel plans back to airport. I warmly want to thank the people in Parkcity. I will definitely be back to Parkcity on my next business trip to London. I paid £140 a night w/o breakfast. Very good value for money for a London hotel. Rooms are tidy, new and well taken care of. Absolutely no hassle whatsoever. Trouble free and enjoyable stay. Recommended.	
Jun 5 2008 	Outstanding service and value	We spent a night at the Parkcity and loved it. The hotel is located on a quiet residential street in Kensington, in the western side of London. Earl's Court tube station is about a 10 min walk away. The major attractions are a considerable distance on foot but certainly doable if you wish. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The room was very clean, modern and of decent size for London. There was a flat screen TV and Bose wave radio. The concierge was particularly impressive - he helped arrange a car service to Heatrhow hours (L48) after we had checked out. A much cheaper but more inconvenient way to get to Heathrow is to take the tube's Picadilly line from Earl's Court! Overall, we would highly recommend the Parkcity as a base for visiting London. For this price ($270), the quality is heard to beat!	
Jun 3 2008	It's true. Nice hotel. Good value.	It's true. This is a really great value, and a really nice hotel. The linens are fabulous; soft. Bed is wonderful. It's surreal-ly quiet there. Staff are really nice. We stayed in 102 -- and I think that room and one other have big bay windows, so see if you can get those. We were just thrilled with the whole 5 days we stayed there.It's not downtown, but a quick ride on the tube (direct from Heathrow/Picadilly line) -- there is a huge Sainsbury supermarket next door if you need anything at all. It's between 2 tube stops, Earls Court and Gloucester. You can walk to all kinds of cool places right from the hotel as well -- Portobello Road in Notting Hill etc.	
Jun 1 2008	Good room for good value	We stayed at The Parkcity for one night during mid-week. Check in staff were very welcoming and professional, and the concierge was insistent on helping us with our bags. The room was clean and modern with a comfy bed, good bathroom and high-end toiletries. There was a little uncertainty over the rates applicable for the hotel-booked car service when it came to paying, and although this may have been down to a minor misunderstanding, I would have thought £13 from Kensington to Knightsbridge early evening in OK traffic is rather expensive, or a certain amount more than we were led to believe it may cost (if you going to entice guests to take the hotel-endorsed service, under-estimating potential cost is probably not the best approach). Overall a very good stay, and I would stay again, although I would probably only do so at the Early Bird/Online reduced rates, rather than standard rate.	
May 30 2008 	A Serious Operation	The people at the ParkCity are serious about customer service. We took an overnight flight from Chicago to Heathrow, and our ride, arranged through the hotel, was a no-show. After about an hour of waiting and a few calls on the mobile, we had a ride.The Parkcity people were very apologetic. They gave us a discount on the price of the ride, and the concierge on duty made it a point to apologize, even though it was never clear that the hotel did ANYTHING wrong, and I suspect that they did NOT. We were there at 7:45 am and they managed to give us a room in spite of that early hour, knowing that we would be tired. We got a little sleep and hit the streets at 2:45pm. We had made it a half a block when another concierge chased us down to apologize again! Then when we got to our room later that evening, there was a bottle of wine waiting for us with a note of apology. The next night, there was a ANOTHER bottle of wine and a note from the taxi company!Then we left for a couple of nights and left some of our luggage and went to France, returning in the morning a few days later. The Parkcity bent over backwards to get us an early room again, so we could get a bit of sleep before heading out, this time in one of their better suites.I am a Vice President of a company based in the U.S. that does customer satisfaction measurement for many of the most well-known companies in the U.S. and the world. Of course I let my wonderful wife do all the arrangements - the Parkcity just knew me as some guy that carried her bags. Let me say, as a person who is sensitive to the issue, these people at the Parkcity are serious about customer needs. It was way beyond what I am used to. I credit them as a well-managed and well-trained organization.The Parkcity is in a good location for a tourist. They are on a relatively quiet street on the extreme west end of most Greater London touirst attractions. You could walk from the Parkcity to the Tower of of London, which really is at the east end of most attractions, so you can literally see anything in between. That is a hike, but you want to see the city anyway!Or you could take the Tube at Earl's Court, 7 minutes walk away. Or grab a tourist bus at Gloucester Rd, 6 minutes away.	
May 30 2008	ParkCity Hotel	We stayed at the Parkcity Hotel for one week and we loved it. The room and the bathroom were big and spotless. All the staff were kind and always willing to help.There were only two tiny complaints: the room was a little bit too cold for us and even with the air conditioning one we still felt cold.And the other (technical) issue: if you connect to the internet and wish to send emails through Port 25, you cannot because the hotel ISP (Demon) will block it.Nevertheless, we will surely return to the Parkcity on our next trip to London.	
May 27 2008 	Will visit again!	I spent two nights at The Parkcity (May 14-16). It was my first stay there after the place in Mayfair I used before had become quite pricy. I agree with all previous reviews (except DCMA's): it’s a very comfortable place with smallish but nicely furnished and very clean rooms (the bathroom was rather above average in size and the modern equipments does not require an engineer or plumber to operate, which is still rare in Britain). The area is fairly quiet (for London standards anyway). Still, being a light sleeper, I would not try to sleep with open windows, but the rooms are air-conditioned.Staff was very friendly and helpful when needed (not that I needed much help). The price (booked through hotels.com) worked out at around £160 incl. VAT which is a good deal for London.Yes, I would book The Parkcity again and yes, I would recommend it to a friend (in fact I have already done so).	
May 21 2008 	Let's keep this one a secret shall we?	...or, perhaps the best kept secret is out, now that it ranks #6 on Tripadvisor.com's list of best London hotels? This would have to be one of the best value for money hotels in London.I stayed at the Parkcity one night in May for a business meeting. I was meeting a colleague from Toronto and chose this hotel purely because it was rated high in Tripadvisor.com's list, yet reasonably priced. I was impressed with the quietness of this hotel located in a residential area. My colleague was impressed and asked me how in the heck I managed to find such a great hotel! I said one word “Tripadvisor.com”!The only regret I had was not to take a road map on this trip as I took the tube to Earl’s Court from the airport and asked for directions to the street in which the hotel was located. I was directed by station staff to the other end of the street which is a long way from Earl’s Court station. I found out later I should have walked the other way around (obvious on a map!), which should have only been only about 5 mins from the tube station. Great pubs and restaurant at this location and it’s great to be in a area where you can see the locals in their daily activities.The staff at the Parkcity are attentive and very friendly. The bar tender is an Italian fellow (Chalie?) who made the most amazing cocktails. Nice guy too.Almost everything is positive at this hotel, although I found the coffee to be of low quality. (But, perhaps I should have ordered tea in the UK?). The room and bathroom were both modern and very nice and clean. It was a neat cosy little place and if I were to come back to London for business or pleasure, I would definitely be staying at Parkcity again! I highly recommend this hotel for business travelers and couples.	
May 20 2008 	Excellent value for money	Booked for 5 nights here on the basis of other reviews on this site. Excellent value for money. Decor of rooms is ordinary enough, but all the basics are right -comfortable beds, great pillows, good shower, his-&amp;-her sinks in bathroom. Room service was prompt and friendly. Breakfast (included in room rate I was quoted) was much better than I expected - extensive buffet with good orange juice, buckets of coffee, eggs made to order, proper, fresh croissants and danish etc., helpful waiters.Only black mark was that we'd booked a bright room (No. 106, an executive room with several large windows, featured on the hotel's website), but were allocated a different, rather dark and cavernous one on arrival. We complained, but our original choice was no longer available, and we were moved to another room (no. 207, also featured on the hotel's website, with a flight of steps up to the bathroom) . This room was pleasant enough and the manager did apologise for the error and made a gesture on price to compensate, so overall we were very happy with our stay. Outstanding value.	
May 20 2008 	Wonderful for a family with 2 small children	We stayed at the Park City for 4 nights. We had 2 children -- ages 4 and 19 months and there was no extra charge for them to stay in our room. The concierges were all helpful -- with luggage, taxis, looking up addresses, directions, etc. the restaurant staff provided excelletn service during breakfast. Our daughter had an unfortunate accident in the breakfast room and the staff helped us clean up the mess and did so quickly. The hotel aims to provide excellent service. We appreciated having several tube stops within walking distance. It was also a plus having Sainsbury's next door. We will definitely return!	
May 17 2008 	great place in London!	Just got back from a trip to London and Switzerland and while in London we stayed at the Park City Hotel on 2 occasions for a total of 4 nights (5/5 - 5/7 and 5/13 - 5/15)The reviews on tripadvisor were spot on, as this place is great. The price is very reasonable for London rates and the room and amenities are really nice. I requested a large room since we were traveling with our 4 yr old son and they accommodated us with a large room (408 and 202) on both occasions we stayed over. The rooms were big, the bed was a king, and the bathroom was a decent size. The rooms are very modern and up-to-date as well. Another plus is that the hotel is on a quiet side street.The hotel is about a 5 - 10 minute walk to either Earls Ct or Gloucester Rd tube stations. It's also close to a Waitrose and Sainsbury grocery stores which is nice to pick up some cheap drinks and snacks.The staff is also very helpful and friendly. They recommended a great pub to eat and also helped us to get a taxi on the mornings we left the hotel.This is by far the best hotel I've stayed at in London and I'll definitely be booking here again when I return.	
May 14 2008	Good Enough	We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of April 2008. I would say it was overpriced, but I saw nothing better in the area and London is horrendously expensive for us disadvantaged Americans. It is about a 7 min walk to the tube, Earl's Court, which is one the main lines, so it's convenient enough. Not that much around here for dinner/lunch, but we typically went until we dropped and had dinner in Chelsea, for example. The rooms were tiny but comfortable. I just can't give it a much better review b/c it ended up being around $300 US a night and for that I would expect a resort.	
May 10 2008 	great hotel but check your bill carefully	The Parkcity is a great little hotel about a 5-10 minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube station. Rooms are nicely furnished, good quality linens, and molton brown toiletries. The street is quiet, and located close to Kensington High Street, Harrods, Natural History Museum and V&amp;A. When checking out, we had two inaccurate charges on our bill, which were taken off (after some discussion), so check over the charges carefully. Overall, I would stay here again.	
May 10 2008 	Excellent location and great service.	Booked a two night stay direct with hotel after reading the favourable reviews on tripadvisor and found the hotel lived up to the reviews. Great location 5 mins walk to Earls Court tube and the quiestest hotel I have ever stayed in London hence two good nights sleep.Also outside terrace and garden very nice for afternoon tea in the May sunshine. All staff extremly helpful and only downside restuarant not open for dinner but the Concierge recommended an excellent gastropub and a French restaurant both less 10 minutes walk and made the reservations. Room service breakfast was fine and bar drinks etc average price for London and room rate for a large twin room very reasonable for a 4 star London hotel.I will definately stay at this Hotel again.	
May 5 2008 	Have met expectations	My wife and I spent 4 nights in the Parkcity. We've decided to book online after had read several reviews published on this site. We had an enjoyable stay. It would be excellent if sound insulation and quality of breakfast were better. We will return as long as the price remains affordable.	
May 4 2008 	Nice hotel with plumbing and heating problems	The hotel has many plus sides and a few minuses, the latter of which should be easy to remedy. Let's start with the former, the good sides: very well located in Kensington in a nice quiet street; close to a tube station; close also to Kensington High St with good shopping and a nice park; well priced too (we got a double for £100); recently renovated, with good bathrooms and quality linen. Now the minus: We changed rooms three times - and that for a one-night stay. Why? Because either the heating (provided through the AC) was rattling like an old plane or because two of the rooms seem to be unheatable. We are not fussy, but the room temperature was certainly not above the 15 degree mark. Summing it up, the hotel could be excellent but needs some serious plumbing.	
May 3 2008 	Great Rooms Service Needs help	My standard room was quite large and clean. Nicer than usual bathroom for London. The room had a comfy, modern feel to it. Its also located in a very pretty, quiet neighborhood.I arrived mid-week at 2:45pm and my room wasn't ready (check-in is at 3pm). I tried to go the hotel restauarant for dinner, only to find out its only open for breakfast. Unfortunately, their website promoted it open for all meals and having an onsite restaurant was a factor in my decision making process. They had to bring me a room service menu since there wasn't one in my room. When my order arrived, they had forgotten my beverage -- so I had to sign 2 different receipts (they couldn't just have given me a free drink given their mistake?). No one came to take my tray away.Overall though, I liked the hotel and would try it again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Would definitely return	Spent 2 nights with my family there in March. We had 2 double rooms, both deluxe. They were very spacious and had good toiletries from Molton Brown. The flat screen tv had a good choice of channels, and there were magazines in the room including the latest National Geographic and Time Out. The concierge was very helpful recommending a nice restaurant in the area. Location is very handy with Earls Court tube station just a 5 minute walk. We had room service both mornings for breakfast and found it very good, particularly the banana pancakes. Our rooms looked onto the road which was very quiet except for an early morning delivery to somewhere up the road. All in all we had a lovely stay and would definitely return again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Fantastic hotel	I couldn't really believe the hotel lived up to the reviews. It did. Fluffy towels, soft linen, fantastically helpful and attentive staff, superbly comfortable bed. You get the usual overpriced extras (e.g., for internet access, drinks at the bar) but given we paid less than 100 pounds for the night we know we got a great deal overall. Especially with the Moulton Brown products in the bathroom.As other reviewers said, the back of the hotel does look out over the 24-hour Sainsbury parking lot, but (a) we didn't spend our time looking out the window, and (b) this meant we had access to reasonably priced snacks at all hours.I'm budget-minded and never expected to get such quality for the price we paid. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Hotel	Just had a weekend in London and booked the Parkcity after reading the reviews. Very modern, clean freindly hotel in a great location. Rooms very nicely furnished, comfortable bed and good breakfast. Cant really ask much more from a city centre hotel.	
Apr 17 2008 	We loved it!	We stayed at the Parkcity for 4 nights at Christmas time 2007. The room was spacious by European standards, very clean and comfortable. The location was fine - in a residential area - but a short walk to the Tube station.The staff were extremely nice and very helpful. The concierge helped us figure out how to get around town on Christmas Day without the Tube or taxi cabs (who were charging a huge surcharge on Christmas Day.) Breakfast, although the same every day, was quite good, and filling.Next time we are in London, this is where we will stay!	
Apr 17 2008 	Great hotel!	I recently stayed for six nights and could not have been more pleased with the experience. The location was fantastic -- easy walk to restaurants (5-15 mins walk) and shopping, the Tube, museums, you name it. The hotel is on a quiet street and we enjoyed walking around the mainly residential (although there are other hotels on the street as well, they are quite &quot;hidden&quot;) neighborhood on our way to other places.Our room was enormous and well appointed, the bathroom was well lit and a good size for our needs. I paid a couple of refundable deposits on electric converter/adaptor, an electric hot water heater for morning coffee, and a computer cable for plugging into the internet. Comfortable large bed, small closet with safe, mini-bar, small table and two comfortable chairs, and a desk with a chair near the bath.The staff was very accomodating, gave good advice for dinners out (as the restaurant was closed for a remodel -- check that before you go if that is important to you), and brought any requests (ice) quickly to the room. There is a full grocery in the next block that was perfect to grab something for breakfast on our way out. Dinners were casual in nearby Earl's Court or on Kensington High Street a few blocks in the other direction -- lots to choose from.The hotel arranged a ride both ways from the airport, which was very convenient, as I was arriving late at night and travelling with children. We would definately stay there again and I recommend the hotel highly.	
Apr 14 2008 	Excellent hotel	I booked this hotel after reading about it on Tripadvisor and i was really impressed. Great hotel, great location, great staff, great rates. When i'm in London i'll definately be going back	
Apr 11 2008 	Loved the Parkcity!	My husband and I selected the Parkcity for a two night stay in London based on reviews we found on TripAdvisor, and it definitely lived up to the hype!! First of all, we thought it was a very reasonable price considering the South Kensington location. (We paid about 150 GBP/night using an online rate I found on the hotel website). The lobby is hip, modern, and serene. We were able to check in immediately even though we arrived at 10:30am. Hotel staff was extremely courteous and the concierge was able to provide excellent restaurant recommendations.The bed was extremely comfortable and there was a nice sized flat screen and ample closet space, including a safe. The bathroom was nice too...lots of counter space and strong water pressure in the shower. Our view was not spectacular, but that was not important to us on this trip. On the nights we stayed there, there was no perceptible noise from other guests.We also loved the location -- it was less than a 10 minute walk to the Earl's Court tube station and we were able to get everywhere very easily. If you are looking for delicious Indian food at a reasonable price, go to Masala Zone, located near the tube station. You will not be disappointed!All in all, we were thrilled with this hotel and will definitely stay there again when we return to London.	
Apr 9 2008 	A quick trip	Ideal location for a business or shopping trip. Got a very good on-line offer. Within walking distance of underground and buses and yet on a relatively quiet street. Rooms of very good quality and more than adequate bathroom. Internet access provided by means of (loaned) cable into laptop. All the usual in the bedroom. Breakfast delivered to room particularly good value. Staff polite and efficient if not exactly very friendly	
Apr 7 2008 	West life	We stayed for 1 night having visited London for a night out on the town. The check in was smooth and uncomplicated, The rooms were clean and of an excellent standard.All the staff were extremely polite and helpful, with the room service well worth the additional expense.Had a thoroughly lovely &amp; restful stay :-)	
Mar 30 2008 	Easter break	We discovered this hotel through Tripadvisor and I am very glad we did. Looked at all of the agent web sites offering discounted tickets, but in the end booked direct (from hotel website) as the same rates were offered and then discovered a list of offers which saved saved us quite a bit of money on a 2-day break.The hotel was well sited for the Nat. History and V&amp;A museums, located in a very safe environment. I have travelled all over the world and the few times I have stayed in London (just 30 miles from home) I have been disappointed; but not on this occassion.We had a good sized room, very comfortable bed and nice en-suite. All clean, modern and nothing broken. The quality of the breakfast was excellent (the juice, bacon and even the toast were premuim quality) but best of all were the attentive, polite and professional staff.I have no hesitation in awarding this mid-price good quality hotel5-stars !	
Mar 30 2008 	Good location at a good price	I agree with everything everyone else said about this hotel. This is a very nice place at a very good price with very helpful staff. The hotel is only traditional on the outside and very modern and clean on the inside. This hotel is like spending a weekend at IKEA. I just want to mention that ALL the rooms on the back of the hotel overlook the Sainsbury parking lot so you may want to request something in the front.	
Mar 28 2008 	Well Done!!	26TH MARCH 2008 - ONE NIGHT STAYThis is our second stay at the Park City Hotel but our first review. We did not write a review the first time because we wanted to see if this hotel really was that good second time round and if it lived up to previous reviews.I must say that it really is that good and the reviews are true!!The hotel is a very short walk from Earls Court Station (5-10mins approx)On our arrival, the hotel staff immediately made us welcome and could not do enough to ensure that our stay was nothing short of excellent.Check in was very professional with no problems at all. Everything was confirmed and explained so that no additional hidden expenses were encountered (unlike some other hotels we’ve stayed in).With a party of 4 adults and 2 kids we booked 3 double rooms with two of the rooms adjoining. The double rooms provided would easily pass as executive rooms in other hotel establishments. Rooms were spotlessly clean and tidy with fresh modern décor.The bathroom was very clean and modern with the molten &amp; brown toiletries giving the hotel a further touch of class. The bathrobes provided were a pleasant surprise.The beds have got to be the most comfortable I have slept in at a hotel. The best nights sleep I have had in a hotel has both been at the Park City!!The hotel itself is fantastic and exceptionally clean which is a credit to the domestic staff that have to maintain such high standards.Breakfast was of a good standard with a quality full English self-serve arrangement. Don’t forget to ask for the fried eggs if you want them…! ;-)All in all I cannot speak highly enough of this place, excellent staff, good value, quality service, excellent standards and a satisfying feeling that for once you don’t feel that you’ve been ripped off and let down again.Well-done Park City!! Brilliant.	
Mar 25 2008 	Fab hotel	The reviews on this hotel are all true. We have just returned from a fab stay at the Park City. The hotel is conveniently located a 5 minute walk to Earls Court tube station and to various bars and restaurants on Earls Court Road. We stayed on a b&amp;b basis and found the breakfasts to be very good. We didn't eat of an evening in the hotel but had a few drinks in the bar which was very nice. The drinks were fairly expensive (£10 for a bottle of beer and glass of wine) but I'm sure they a probably around the same price as many London hotels. All of the hotel staff without exception, were superb and nothing was too much trouble for any of them. The room wasn't huge but was superbly equipped and the dressing gowns were a nice touch - as were the easter eggs that were left in the room when the beds were turned down on the Saturday evening! We would definately return to stay in this hotel when we next visit London.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great with kids	Wrote a very complimentary review of the Parkcity last August and have just returned from spending Easter there but this time with my 3 yr old and 5 yr old. The hotel was even better in my view this time as it was fantastic with the kids,and they loved it.We booked a deluxe room to accomodate the extra bed which was a good size and the room was huge.Plenty of room for the kids to run around and play.On Easter Sat night when we returned to our room there were 2 large Easter eggs left on the beds for the girls. Little touches like this make all the difference. There was an Easter brunch included too which we could not make unfortunately but the menu really sounded great. All in all this hotel offers great value for money in London and the location could not be bettered.Natural History and Science museums all a short walk away. Perfect place to stay for families.Will stay here yet again on my next visit to London.	
Mar 18 2008 	Loved The ParkCity	Just returned after three nights in the Citypark. From Check In to departure we had a great stay.All the staff were so helpful and went out of their way to please. We had an executive room which was as requested in a quiet location over looking the garden.Bedding,toiletries and towels were changed every day. The room and bathroom were both spotless yet we never once saw cleaners or fell over their cleaning trolleys which in so many other hotels appear to litter the corridors all day.The early morning complimentary newspaper was a welcome addition.The location of the hotel was great for reataurants,shopping and the tube. Really cannot think of a complaint about the Citypark and hope to definitely return.	
Mar 17 2008 	Brilliant once again	Second time I've stayed here.Wonderful rooms, great value, and one of the most comfortable beds in London.	
Mar 10 2008	Mixed Feelings	We chose the Parkcity because of its excellent reviews and its central location for Kensington and The Albert Hall. Overall it was a good quality well run place. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in, the bathroom was spacious and spotless. We booked a weekend special and got a very good rate that included breakfast, and it seemed that our room had been upgraded from standard to executive because we had bath robes provided.The staff were attentive and friendly with good local knowledge. The only downside was the constant drone of the extraction system outside our room ( no 15), and the breakfast, which was disapointing. There was no fresh coffee, even when I requested an espresso they brought an instant version, not good. There was no restaurant as advertised on the web site, I wonder why?	
Mar 2 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	This property represents outstanding value in London. Very clean, quiet and secure. Hard to find ANY negatives here and can recommend it to anybody looking for a lovely, convenient, well priced hotel. Friendly staff with 5 star appointments.	
Feb 20 2008	Fab Hotel	Stayed in this hotel last weekend. We arrived at about 12 on friday and there was no problem booking into our deluxe room early. Fabulous room, amazing bed, very friendly staff and Molton Brown stuff....who could ask for more!	
Feb 20 2008 	Enjoyable Break in London	Stayed at the Parkcity for a couple of nights in early Feb '08.Booked direct with hotel and found them helpful.One issue is that the website is contradictory in that it suggests there is a restaurant but there is not. I can only presume that they were not receiving enough custom and therefore ceased providing that facility. There are plenty of places to eat in London anyway but I would suggest making reservations in advance if you have any particular favourites.The room was adequate if a little on the small side. The decor was also pleasant as is the case with contempory hotels these days. I sometimes wish for the warm, homely feel of a more traditional hotel but I suppose that is the fashion of the day.Bathroom was good and the shower was one of the best I have had.Bed was comfy and large. Sheets were fantastically soft. TV was larger than is the norm.One issue was that we thought the room was cold and couldn't work out how to increase the temp. Obviously it wasn't a major issue since we didn't seek assistance from the hotel.Breakfast was good with a choice of cereals, cold meats, yogurts etc and then there was also a good choice of traditional fayre such as sausages, bacon etc.The staff were always courteous and helpful.The bar prices were a little steep for such a small hotel and I can't get used to having a 12.5% discretional service charge added to a drink!! Bit of a cheek if you ask me.Location was good and in a smart residential area. A 10 min walk to nearest tube station and a great pub round the corner.So all in all a very satisfactory stay at the Parkcity. Not sure if I would return, only because there are so many hotels to choose from in London but if you do choose this hotel you should be well looked after and have a rewarding visit.	
Feb 18 2008 	Loved	We stayed at the park city on the weekend before valentines day, and given what we expected, couldnt fault themWe booked online a month before, and booked one of the standard rooms. We checked before hand what time we could check in, and found we could check in 24/7 which was handy.The Hotel is located a nice easy walk from Gloucester Road tube station on the Piccadilly line. This is very handy for sight seeing as Leicester Square, Picadilly Circus, Covent garden etc.. are only a few stops away. Its about a 700 yard walk to the tube station, and regular busses run up and down Cromwell road which is a few paces away from the hotel.The hotel is situated in a lovely residential kensington street, and it was lovely and quiet. Car parking is free after 1:30pm on saturdays, and is free again untill monday morning. We had no problem parking, even if we did have to use the pay and display bays at £3 / hour untill 1;30 as all the other spots are residents permit holders only untill then. Just round the corner is a big Sainsburys, so ideal for popping round for late nate snacks / drinks as its open 24/7. We checked in about 9pm after a lond day out in the city, and were shown to our room. We opted for 2 continental breakfasts at £7.50 each and when we found our room, we'd been upgraded to the deluxe suite which was nice. Room was immaculately presented, with everything pristine. The bath / shower was a joy after a long days sight seeing, and the bed was lovely and soft.Breakfast arrived in the moring ( we had it delivered to our room) and the bread and fruit sald were both fresh. An absolute delight ! Couple of things i will mention, theres no restaurant facilities despite what the website says. I knew this having read that on here, but its worth noting if you dont make plans to eat out.Also, the 700 yard walk to the tube doesnt seem long, but after a long day out it seems like miles ! Hasnt stop the park city going top marks though as thats hardly their fault. Will definately be staying again !	
Feb 15 2008 	A top hotel in the Capital	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for one night in a Deluxe Room which we had a good deal on by pre-booking well in advance and paying immediately. We saved about £100 on the advertised cost and about £40 on the cost to book online the week before. The room was very clean, comfortable and the service was excellent too. The Molton Brown toiletries were lovely (always a sign of a good hotel I think!) and the shower fantastic – one of those massive flower head type ones that rain water on you – lovely! My only complaint was the bar being closed at 10.45 on a Tuesday evening (after we were told it was open until 12). So as per previous reviews – make plans to eat and drink out (there are loads of restaurants and bars in the surrounding area). Room service was good – we had breakfast in bed – a lovely treat. Definitely recommend this hotel to all.	
Feb 14 2008 	Modern and Value for Money Stay	Since the hotel rates in London are shooting up like crazy, the Parkcity is worth every penny spent. I picked this hotel based on the rave reviews here and got a fantastic internet deals off the Hotel's website. Spent five nights here and overall it was a truly comfortable stay. The room was in good size, bed was super comfy and the carpet was clean. The general ambiance gave me solid sleep every night - which was unusual because I am the type that always wakes up in the middle of the night on my first few nights of an unfamiliar room. Oh and the bathroom was bright, modern and very very clean with the Molton Brown Goodies!Location wise, excellent .. Sainsbury is nearby and tube stations are walking distance. Although it does not exactly lie in the middle of park lane or piccadilly, but I like the serenity Kensington offered. All in all, Parkcity certainly does not rank top in TA for no reason!	
Feb 9 2008 	Where's the Restaurant?	Stayed for one night for business meeting on Exhibition Road. Friendly, efficient reception staff and was shown to my room by the Concierge. Room spotlessly clean and incredibly quiet so got a good nights sleep. Can't be faulted at all.However, I was confused about the restaurant facilities. I asked the Concierge what time their restaurant was open til? &quot;Sorry Sir we don't have a restaurant&quot; !! So what has happen to the facilities advertised in the web site (Lessandros) and Expedia?http://www.theparkcity.com/dining.htmhttp://tinyurl.com/27n5gmI could have had a meal to room service though !! but with no room service menu available I simply walked around the corner to Cromwell Road which has some very pleasant restaurants - particularly Italian.Later, I wandered into the small hotel bar area where there was nobody serving and the hand ful of people in there looked at me as though I was from another planet - it felt quite hostile !!?Conclusion: - No problem staying here but make plans to eat and drink out.	
Jan 17 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	Parkcity is a boutique hotel. Rooms are quite small but adequate. The bedroom was spotless and the moltel brown products went down a treat!! Would stay here again.	
Jan 14 2008 	A great deal for an expensive city!	My boyfriend and I spent a week in England Sept 2006. We spent five nights in London and the other three in Canterbury. At the time of planning this trip the Parkcity Hotel was #1 on trip advisor. TransportationWe took the high speed train from Brussels to London (Victoria station). From here we took the tube to Earl’s Court. Gloucester Road station was just as close and depending on what line you need to access Gloucester Road offers three lines. The weather in September was very nice and it did not rain while we were there so to get around we walked a lot and for attractions really far we took the tube as the hotel is in Kensington. NeighborhoodThe neighborhood of Kensington is very nice. The hotel is on a residential street so to get to stores Gloucester Road is your best bet. There is a grocery store near the hotel and a laundry place nearby (we did laundry mid week as we packed light).Room (photos included)Our room was on the first floor (I believe our room number was 111) and it was very spacious. The view was to the back of the building and nothing special. The room has a warm feel to it as the décor is in a honey wood with dark red accents and it was carpeted. The bed was very comfortable and a Bose system was provided for an alarm clock. A flat screen television and fridge are part of the room. There was a big closet to store items and a safe was provided in the closet. Bathroom (photos included)The bathroom was modern and an adequate size. The toiletries were from Morton Brown (great scent). Robes were provided. The bathroom overall was clean. Amenities/ServiceWe did not have breakfast at the hotel as the hotel was located near Gloucester Road and we could get something to eat there. The other service we used was the concierge. The concierge was very nice and recommended good restaurants. They also turn down your bed at night.Overall, this hotel offers a lot for the price you pay. Hotels are expensive in London and Kensington proved to be a great residential area to stay.	
Jan 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	I stayed with my family five nights. We booked three rooms and when we arrived we were upgraded to a suite with three rooms, a big hall, etc. Staff was very kindly and helpful. Just one thing to complaint: Internet was not for free. The hotel is very well located in Kensington. I strongly recommend it.	
Jan 6 2008 	Loved this place	We just had the best experience at this hotel! First, we had traveled 24hours and by the time we arrived we were exhausted and way too early to check in but they quickly got our room together so we could rest up. And speaking of rest, the bed was extremely comfortable, something I find too rarely in traveling. I was also very pleased with the suggestions from the concierge. The location was great as well. We will stay here again the next time we are in London!	
Jan 5 2008	Parkcity	The Hotel is good, the location is OK. But we like other customer the towels were very bad, which is pity for a good Hotel.	
Jan 4 2008	Loved the Parkcity	Fantastic Hotel conveniently located. Ample sized bedroom with Flat screen TV, Sky, Air Con Great Bath and Shower, modern decor, high ceilings, mini bar excellent Excellent Service from staff. One thing to watch for, is the on street parking charges during the day which being London are steep, but weekends and evenings are free, but hey if you drive to London it will cost you to park the car - not hotels fault. Will stay again and have already recommended to friends. Excellent bath products and moisturiser too.	
Jan 1 2008 	great value for money	I stayed here with my wife and daugther for 3 nights. Executive room with excellent bed and pillows, nice bathroom, flatscreen TV, Bose radio... 170 pounds/ night + 35 pounds for the extra bed. Very good price for London.Some tips: if you arrive in Heathrow take the tube; you have a direct line to Earls Court, a 7 min walk to the hotel. If you arrive in St. Pancras int. railwaystation take a cab (about 20 pound).National History museum and Science museum (15 min walk): arrive before 10 a.m. to avoid the ques!!Book things like the Tower or the Dungeon and Tussaud in advance on the internet; you'll get a fast pass!!Book some nice restaurants through toptable.co.uk...Metro: take a daypass, much cheaper.So yes, I would stay here again because of the spacious room, the reasonable price in London terms, the pillows... Its in a quiet location and in a very save neighbourhood....	
Dec 25 2007 	Delightful a real winner.	Just back from a 2 night stay at the Parkcity. We had two twin rooms on the second floor. We simply could not find fault - all four of us are seasoned travellers ... we loved the cleanliness, the lovely bed linen, great Molton Brown toileteries, and the comfortable beds. The locality was a plus, 10 min stroll to the Kensington high street, a £3 taxi to Harrods and Harvey Nics, a bus at the end of the street to Oxford street and shopping heaven.This was a great find, and chosen from all the positive recommendations as previously written. We found the staff to be exceptional....even going to Sainsburys for paracetamol at 5am when one of the group had a headache; and better than that only a £0.42 pence charge on the bill (cost of the tablets).Unlike a previous entry about the staff unable to speak English/ and lack of knowledge of surrounding restaurants we were given accurate advice regarding dining/ cab fares/ walking distances, in fact anything we wanted to know.Its a great hotel, in a good location.	
Dec 23 2007 	Excellent value friendly service great location	My fiancee and I stayed at the Parkcity for one night - a rare treat for us! Booking was easy through the website and from arrival to departure the staff just couldn't do enough. Everyone there was friendly and welcoming and nothing was too much trouble. They had upgraded us to a deluxe room and a receptionist took us to a nice room, but unfortunately it was a smoking room. We had plans for the rest of the day, so they kept our bags for us whilst we went off for lunch. When we got back they had given us an executive room on the top floor facing the front with huge windows and lots of space. The bathroom was gorgeous, the shower excellent, towels and dressing gowns big and fluffy. The bed was very comfortable, soft bedlinens and the temperature of the room was easy to control. Room service was quick, breakfast brilliant and they kept our bags for the rest of the day after we checked out in the morning. The hotel was just off the Cromwell Road and a 10min walk from the Natural History, Science and Victoria and Albert museums. There was a tube station 10mins walk or less in most directions. We paid £150 for the night and in London, this is great value! We would most definitely stay again. Thank you Parkcity for a memorable stay.	
Dec 23 2007 	Pretty nice but a little over-rated	I stayed 3 nights in November 2007 in a basic room. Room was pretty nice and well decorated. with marvellous lighting. Comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. It was in a quiet location and within 10 minutes from Earl Court Underground Station. It is very nice for a boutique hotel but lacked some details.The room was pretty cold even with the warm air-conditioner was on. Cold draft of air kept coming in from the windows both in the room and bathroom. It was much warmer in the corridor. Nice LCD TV was placed on top of the drawer and that meant that you could not place things on top of the drawer.Hand towel was hanged so low that it touched the dustbin. One needed to put down the lid of the toilet seat in order to flush the toilet.It was not so easy to climb into the pretty high bathtub for a shower. There were 6 steps of stair between the room and the bathroom.On the whole it was a comfortable stay with friendly staff. Gym was rather basic.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great Hotel Great Value	Arrived 9/27 for a 4 night stay. Nice, clean, nice staff, great location, fantastic value for this notoriously expensive city!We had a standard double room for which we paid $240/night. Reserved the hotel based on TA recommendations, we were not disappointed in any way.The room, while not large, was tastefully decorated. The bed was large and comfortable. Flat screen TV, mini-bar was nothing special and not cold enough (in my opinion). Bathrooms look to be an add-on to the original structure - that's why you have to go up stairs to get to the bathroom. Bathroom was clean w/ modern accents. Plenty of hot water.....Staff is friendly, but not always particularly knowledgeable when it came to local restaurant recommendations. They did arrange a taxi for us on our day of departure. They also mix a stiff gin &amp; tonic in the bar........Location is fantastic! On a quiet street, it's just 4-5 blocks from the Tube so you can get anywhere. Even better is the Sainsbury's that is located directly behind the hotel. Loved the fresh bread and cheese available, stopped there on the way out in the morning, and on the way back in for the evening to pick up a bottle of decent wine - they even had a Starbuck's inside (if you're into Starbuck's.....) but anything you forget to bring with you on the trip, you can easily find at Sainsbury's (no, I don't work for them).The location, comfort, cost and convenience of this hotel will make me a repeat visitor in the years to come.	
Dec 16 2007	Those towels again!	Excellent hotel. Very comfortable. Enthusiastic and attentive staff. We also noted the dreadful threadbare towels but that would not stop us from returning to the Park City or recommending it to others.	
Dec 12 2007 	Generally Good but a Couple of Issues	Just returned from a 2 night stay in a deluxe room. We were generally very pleased with the hotel, it does seem to offer reasonable value for money. The room was very pleasant, well comfortably equipped, spacious and nice molton brown in the modern bathroomTwo problems however, 1 the towels were dreadful. White towels, turned grey, very hard and with ragged edges. One was even covered in oil. We told the hotel (both the housekeeper and the front desk) but the response, although polite, was that all the towels were like that. I am amazed that other reviews don't mention it, I have never seen towels like them!The second problem was that very few staff seemed to speak English. In fact, by way of am illustration, I was unable to get any Worcester Sauce with my tomato juice (breakfast quite good though!) not great.	
Dec 11 2007 	Perfect Parkcity	Have just return from a weekend in london, went to see the Terrocotta army exib. Six of us booked the standard rooms, however on arrival were upgraded to our own suite on the ground floor, including kitchen, lounge and dinning area. Sainsbury's is around the corner so able to fill the fridge up with goodies/drinks. Brilliant breakfast, staff and short walk to Gloucester road tube station. Perfect stay, highly recommended	
Dec 10 2007 	Hard to fault	As others have said, this is a fantastic little hotel tucked away in the backstreets of South Kensington. With easy access to the tube (Piccadilly, District &amp; Circle line) and Kensington High Street it is a great place to stay in London. We would definitely stay here again.Our room (deluxe) was very spacious with an exceptional bathroom and brilliant (although complicated) shower. The furniture in the room was not typical hotel furniture but very high quality and simply understated. I particularly appreciate the fact that the room wasn't overly cluttered. There was no kettle for example but I believe one was available if we had wanted to make tea or coffee. It felt as though you could ask for almost anything and the staff would do their best to oblige.The hotel is astonishing value. We booked directly with the hotel ([-]) as they could beat any deal that we found on the web. Our room was meant to be on the 4th floor but when the saw that my wife was pregnant and their lift was out of order (very briefly) they quickly juggled things around to put us in a ground floor room. In fact, in every aspect the staff were truly outstanding. I have never had service like this in a hotel - genuinely helpful - not smarmy or grumpy.Breakfast was excellent with a good range of buffet or menu options and fanastic service once again. One disappointment was that the restaurant wasn't open for lunch or dinner but there are plenty of good restaurants near by.If you are after a excellent value, modern hotel in London then this is the one for you.	
Dec 9 2007 	Incredible Value for the Buack	When I was in London four weeks ago, I knew I had to come back in early December and looked high and low. Good value was my main objective. Well, ParkCity Kensington, London, was a masterpiece.Small boutique-ey-style hotel with a small room yet a big bathroom, king size bed, nice HD television, mini-bar, incredibly-wonderful staff and fantastic neighborhood.If you're a Four Seasons person, you'll miss the big lobby, three hundred employees running around and fantastic restaurant. None of that here. Just a small, clean, fun lobby with incredibly-wonderful people, good, small restaurant. Great breakfast, close to the tube (four blocks) and simply GREAT rates.Fantastic. Period!	
Dec 9 2007	Nice looking hotel but some issues...	We booked this hotel based upon its high ranking with Trip advisor and the relatively low price (for London, that is). We thought the building was lovely, lobby and bar. Staff was friendly and helpful. The room was nicely decorated but very small. In fact there was absolutely no room to lay out a suitcase (never mind no suitcase stand) let alone two cases. We ended up hoisting them onto the deep windowsills which worked out except that meant that the the curtains would then be open as you routed through your suitcase giving all the neighbors a little show. Bathroom was nice but very surprised to find the towels not only stiff and scratchy but ragged! Worst part was that the elevator was broken and our room was on the fifth floor! So, many trips up the steep and as you got to the 4th and fifth floors, narrow stairway, worse even coming down with large suitcases. I thought we might get a break on the price or something given this was a very serious inconvenience. Not a chance. When I was looking for coffee in the morning and was told that there was no complimentary coffee, that I would have to buy it room service or the restaurant ,I expressed displeasure that given the absence of an elevator surely they could spring for a cup of coffee (just about every hotel I have ever stayed in u.s. and in europe has complimentary coffee whether via a coffee maker in the room or a pot available in the lobby) and was then given a nice pot of coffee and two breakfast croissants. All in all, an &quot;okay&quot; experience.	
Dec 9 2007	A real Tripadvisor find!	We booked this hotel after checking out reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed.We booked an executive room and it was HUGE!! It was also really tastefully decorated, contemporary and minimalistic. Bathroom was huge and well equipped although the shower took some working out.Staff were excellent and a real credit to the hotel. Reception was efficient and polite and the concierge could not have been more pleasant.This hotel had lots of nice little touches , fresh fruit in the rooms and chocolates at turn-down. It had a lovely range of topical magazines.The bed, always the most important part of a stay was very comfortable and the air-con was nice and cool.Our only negatives were if you wanted tea making facitlities then you had to ask - when we did a very well stocked tray appeared instantly but this should be a basic requirement. We also really missed not having a DVD player - whenever we go away we take a stack of DVD's as for once we have enough time to watch them and these days normally even basic hotel rooms all have a DVD player although the rooms do have basic satellite channels.If you are using Earls Court then the location is perfect, but central London is a good 40 minutes a way. The plus side is you are away from the hustle and bustle of inner inner London. The tube station is a ten minute walk and there is a nice bakery opposite.This hotel is a little gem and we would happily return but bringing our own DVD player!!	
Dec 5 2007	Fantastic and cheap for the area	This hotel is absolutely tremendous - it looks great, is in a lovely area and is cheap as chips considering you're in the heart of South Ken.The rooms are well kitted out: nice tv, gorgeous bathroom and a really big safe which is something of a rarity in boutique hotels. We didn't visit the restaurant or bar as there are so many other good ones in the area so I can't comment on this. Incidentally, there is a great Cuban restaurant about ten minutes north of the hotel, called &quot;La B del M&quot;, check it out if you're at a loose end.There is also a tube stop and a 24-hour supermarket within five minutes walk of the hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	You won't be disappointed!!	We booked our reservations back in August through the hotel website JUST based on the review of others on TripAdvisor. This was the only reason we stayed here. Arriving on November 19th and departing on November 22nd. Three other couples traveling with us made the same reservations based on my suggestion. I was confident that everyone would be pleased. Everyone was! This was a fantastic hotel and the rooms were perfect. As you know the hotels in London on average are quite small with even smaller bathrooms. Not the Park City. The room was spacious, the bedding was so comfortable, the Bose Stereo was delightful, the closet was ample, the safe was big I could put my whole purse in it. The bathroom was also very spacious, after our first day of walking I took a long hot bubble bath, the bathtub was deep and comfortable. Everything was perfect. The shower head was one of those rainforest type. Makes me want to buy one for my own shower at home.The room and bathroom was also very very clean.This hotel provides you with a hair dryer in your room and it isn't a standard hair dryer girls! This one will dry your hair in seconds! Be sure to bring converters if you want to plug in any of your electronic devices. They also provide you with Molton Brown Toiletries. I wasn't aware of the name and if you aren't, look it up on the internet. I found out real quick how popular they are when we walked into Harrods and saw a Molton Brown display counter.If I had to think of something that was strange aside from my normal travels, it would be that the hotel wasn't big on ICE. We had walked to the big shopping store on Crowmell called Salsbury's where we bought some soda's and water and other items. When we called for ICE it was brought in a little bucket and we are just used to having ice machines and soda machines on the floors of the hotels but it wasn't like this in London and same when we went to Dublin. So it seems like we called for ICE continuously while we were there. I am sure they were glad to see us go! HA HA..The towels are a bit frayed but they still dry you and they give you big towel sheets which are very nice. The room we had also provided us with bathrobes and slippers. Even though the slippers came in sealed plastic they were the type of slippers type shoes you would have on your feet after a pedicure. Very thin and nothing to it. Fine for walking around the room. We had breakfast downstairs at the hotel restaurant. It consisted of Eggs, Sausage, Ham/Bacon, beans. Then they had fruit trays and cut up deli meats and cheese trays. Breads etc.. They also had potatoes. I loved their orange juice. It was so good. The coffee we had was really strong. The breakfast downstairs was more of a convience for us than anything else. We knew we could get something elsewhere, but it was there and we were hungry.TIP OF THE DAY!!The hotel is very close to two tubes, Earl's Court and Gloucester. I would say the Earls Court is closer. What I didn't know about the tubes is the following: We flew into Gatwick Airport and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station. Based on what I read others said it was a quick jaunt to Earl's Court Station via the tube and then a quick walk to the hotel. Well, what they didn't tell you was all the stairs you would have to go down lugging your suitcase to get to the Underground. Once we got off the Gatwick Express @ Victoria Station and followed the signs we found all kinds of stairs to go down. If I had known all of this I would just have taken a cab. Then when we got to Earl's Court we are talking about all the stairs you have to go up dragging your suitcase behind you. So believe me when I say TAKE A CAB. By the time we did get to Earl's Court we were directed down Earls Court To Cromwell Road and there was a shorter route we could have taken had we known. Still, it was an adventure and it was fun.By the time we had to leave the hotel we just had gotten used to traveling on the tubes, we even took the tube up to Paddington Station and then got on a train out to Windsor. It amazes me how everyone out there walks all the time and no wonder they are all so skinny out there.If we ever make it back to London we will stay at the Park City once again and if anyone has any questions please let me know. It was so delightful! You won't be disappointed! As I said earlier we left this hotel and traveled on to Dublin. The room at Dublin was not near as nice at this, nor was the service as grand.	
Dec 3 2007 	Well Deserved Rating!	As part of my Husband's Birthday present I wanted to surprise him with tickets to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and a stay in a London hotel, so I set my task for staying somewhere around the Kensington area, and of easy reach of the concert hall.It didn't take long after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, that the Parkcity was the place to stay.Even though our stay was for one night only, I'm so glad I made this choice, the hotel is warm and friendly as soon as you walk through the doors they make you feel welcome.The rooms are clean, comfortable, more fuctional rather than romantic decor I would say. But nice furnishings all the same.Good shower in the bathroom, equiped with toilettries and bathrobes.We had room service continental breakfast, with more than enough portions, cereals, toast, pastries, juice, tea and coffee.The location was perfect for our need, quiet, yet lots going on too.Walking distance to bars and restaurants, shops and places like the History and Science museums are close by too.The price of our one night stay was on the expensive side, but not to any other London hotel I should imagine, maybe we paid a little less to what some of the other London hotel charges would be?We had a fantastic time, and when we travel to London again, we would definitely use this hotel again.	
Dec 2 2007 	Excellent choice for an overnight in London	Needed an overnight in London and booked two rooms on hotel's own website. Chose this hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. Really glad I did.Location is 10mins easy walk from Gloucester Road tube (&amp; a similar distance from Earls Court &amp; High Street Kensington). Easy to find; Lexham Garden's is just off the Cromwell Road.Slight concern at check-in (thought I'd only booked 1 room) but the result was two upgrades to deluxe rooms (bigger &amp; better furnished I guess). Everything spotlessly clean. Very new furnishings &amp; fittings in modern style. LCD TV, robes, slippers &amp; marble bathroom. Bed really comfortable. Time was limited so used room service for evening meal: not a great deal of choice but when it came (c. 15mins) it was excellent quality, with large portions, superbly presented. Very efficient, polite and friendly staff. Had to rush out in the morning so didn't try their breakfast. Will definately be using this hotel again, next time I'm in London. Excellent value for money.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great choice for London visit	We just spent 4 nights at the Park City-even got there by tube from Healthrow with no problems.Hotel lived up to good reviews we read. Spacious room, beautifully outfitted, quiet and convenient.Staff gracious and helpful-Only thing I would recommend is a free coffee service in the morning. Hotel was convenient to the Earl's Court underground station so getting around was easy. Given the prices of hotels in London this is a great find.	
Nov 28 2007 	London's best find	Now here is a 4 star hotel that has all the touches of 5 stars. We booked 2 executive rooms at the Parkcity and were very relieved to find that the London 4 star standard (usually much lower than other cities) does not apply here at all. My room was simply decorated but very well appointed. It looks normal upon first glance but once you've spent a few minutes in the room you'll find that they really do use very high-end products in the room. Everything from the Bose radio/CD player by your bed, to the Molten Brown toiletries and excellent quality tissues and toilet paper, to a safe big enough to fit your laptop -- you can tell that they weren't being cheap on small things that are often overlooked. Even the hairdryer here is a super high wattage powerful one that you won't find in a high-end international chain hotel. The house keepers do a great job of evening turn down service and always leave boxes of chocolate truffles on our pillows every day. Given the kind of (pseudo) 4 star hotels in London, the Parkcity puts all of them to shame with their attention to detail and personalised service (the night receptionist knew my name before I even told her when I walked through the door for check in, the concierge was also on top of everything). Along with a perfect prime location (Kensington, can walk to either Gloucester Rd station or Earl's Court station) but on a quiet street, and very reasonable price (at least for London), you won't find better value for what you pay than at the Parkcity. Highly recommended!p.s. it's not a big deal, but free internet in the room would make this place absolutely faultless.	
Nov 25 2007	A lovely hotel.	We stayed for one night on 23rd November, and were impressed with the hotel from the moment we walked up the steps. The reception area is immaculate and staff are warm and inviting, as well as professional. A friend arranged for champagne in the room for us, which was beautifully presented. The hotel had placed a desert treat in my room, complete with candle, as it was my birthday, which was such a nice touch.Room service breakfast was served on a fully laid table - not a tray as with other 4 star hotels in the area (Copthorne Tara), and was very filling (continental).Get this girls - 3000 watt Parlux hairdryer in the room !Highly recommended - will return.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great London Hotel	I stayed at the Park City Hotel in Lexham Gardens for one night in October. I travelled with business colleagues.The hotel is set back in a quiet street in a residential area about 10 minutes from the Natural History Museum.On arrival, we had a longer than normal check-in process to go through but we did receive a complimentary upgrade to their business suite. It was basically a fully furnished three bedroomed HOUSE, absolutely fantastic with quality modern fittings and fixtures. I didn't see the non-suite rooms but feedback from colleagues was positive. The hotel is clean, warm and welcoming and is an ideal base both for business and tourists alike. I highly recommend the Park City Hotel and I would not hesitate to stay again in the future.	
Nov 20 2007	Second Stay - Still Fabulous	My daughter and I stayed at the Parkcity in September. I booked based on reviews from Trip Advisor. We upgraded to a small suite and we were given a room at 8:00a.m. After a five day stay we both rated every aspect of our stay as near perfect. In the last 6 months I have stayed at two of the most highly rated hotels in the world, and I would put the Parkcity in the same category. The rooms are large (for London) and immaculate; the service is exceptional; the location is very convenient; and, the entertainment in the small lounge was a surprise highlight. My husband and I just spent one night at the park city last week in a standard room. I was amazed at how spacious it was. Again, our stay was perfection. The concierge gave great advice and helped to make our brief stay both hassle-free and enjoyable. The cost is not inexpensive BUT for the value, it is a great deal when in London.	
Nov 20 2007	Excellent value	We just returned from staying at this hotel for 5 nights. We booked thru the internet and stayed in an executive room. The hotel location has a more suburban feel and is not in the heart of the city. I actually enjoyed the location, it is located on a quiet street and there are 2 underground tube stations within 5-6 minutes walk.Our room was quite large with an LCD TV, bose radio/cd clock.The bathroom was also quite large. Room does not have iron or ironing board but you can request one to the room from housekeeping. Hotel check in went smoothly although room was not available until 3pm (which is their check-in time).Breakfast in the hotel restaraunt was quite good and a reasonable cost for a full English breakfast (14.95 pounds). We had wanted to eat dinner at the restaraunt on saturday evening but the entire restaraunt was booked for a private event ( which the hotel did not make guests aware of).The lounge is small but with live piano player on weekends.Overall it was an excellent value for the money and a nice quiet location but close to the underground.It is becoming quite popular and so often it completely booked so I would suggest making reservations early.	
Nov 20 2007 	Beautiful hotel.	We spent two nights at the Parkcity in October 2007.We normally stay at another hotel in London, but decided to try elsewhere on this occasion as we felt our normal hotel was becoming a bit pricey. We couldn't have been happier with our choice of the Parkcity. Our superior room was large, beautifully furnished in a light, modern style, with an extremely comfortable bed, plasma TV, great toiletries, complimentary water etc.Our package included a continental breakfast buffet, and were very happy with the freshness, choice and abundance of food. We made use of the ground floor bar each night before dinner, and found the service and ambience to be very good (most nights there is a pianist performing later in the evening).Kensington is a great location; there are plenty of restaurants and cafes in the immediate area, and there is an excellent Sainsburys supermarket/convenience store about 5 minutes walk around the corner from the hotel. We walked to the Gloucester Road tube station, and this only took around 10 minutes.We couldn't fault the service at the Parkcity, from the welcoming doorman to the obliging concierge, not forgetting the evening turn back service. We look forward to returning there on our next visit to London.	
Nov 19 2007 	Excellent hotel great service 	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for 2 nights after a trip to Spain. The reviews are accurate for this property. The location is great. It is close to both the Earls Court and Gloucester Road tube stations so I was able to attend the theatre and sightsee. I used the Gloucester road tube station which was very convenient (about a 10 minute walk from the hotel). The station connects to the Piccadily Line so you can take the train to Heathrow without having to transfer to different lines. I stayed in a room on the ground floor. It was large with a very comfortable bed. It was quiet. The hotel is immaculate. I ordered room service twice for breakfast and was delighted by the meal and friendly service. The staff are professional at all times and offered to help with my luggage etc. The room had a flat screen tv with movies and various options for TV channels. The hotel also has many options for dining etc. so if you do not want to go out you have plenty of choices. I would highly recommend this hotel. This hotel offers fantastic value.	
Nov 19 2007 	Luxury alternative to high-priced central London	We booked at Park City after reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor, and were not disappointed.London is very pricey, so it was well worth it to us to stay a little farther out of the tourist parts of the city and still be able to stay in a luxury-style property. Kensington is a great area - very residential. The hotel is a 10 minute walk to the Tube - and then it was a 20-30 minute Tube ride to most of the sights. This was OK for us. The hotel is also located to the west of the city, which means it's closer to Heathrow - also good for us because we took the Tube back to the airport to rent a car for an excursion out of the city.Hotel room was clean, well-appointed (see pictures), and very large. Quite comfortable. Turn down service every night, with chocolates on the pillow.Unfortunately, the room wasn't ready when we arrived at noon and since it's a small hotel, they didn't have any other shower options at the hotel. This was a bit of a pain as we were arriving from the States and needed to freshen up. (btw the Heathrow Hilton will let you use their fitness center shower - but you pay a steep price - 20 pounds each!)The hotel staff was friendly, but not overly so - which we found to be typical of most Londoners. The concierge wasn't particularly helpful, but we had a great guidebook so it wasn't an issue.The hotel gym is actually larger than you'd expect, with 3 treadmills and some weight equipment. Wi-fi worked just fine, and was available in the room (for a typical high price charged by a hotel).Recommend a quick 10 minute walk to High Street for shopping and a tour through Kensington Palace. The Italian restaurant on the corner near the hotel was OK - we had a better meal at an Italian restaurant just off Trafalgar Square.We had a great trip and will definitely choose to stay at the Park City again the next time we're in London.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Hotel but Questionable Practices	Based on all of the reviews on TripAdvisor and on Expedia, we were very excited about our stay at the Parkcity London.Altough the hotel is quite nice, the service from the staff is very poor and some of their business practices are questionable at best.When we asked where to closest Tube station was, instead of being provided with a map, we were given very vague instructions which turned out to be incorrect. (As an aside, the Tube station is not quite as close as they would like you to think.)We asked the front desk to call us a taxi to take us to the Ritz hotel. Rather than calling one of the black cabs, they called a private car service which sent out a diver who not only didn't speak English, but didn't know what the Ritz was. He tried to enter it into his GPS as R I C H... We finally paid the driver ten pounds to drop us off near a Tube station and we took the Tube to the Ritz.When we complained about this to the hotel, we found out that they actually knew he didn't know were the Ritz was when the put us in the car and were hoping that he would call in and get directions...In addition, the car service didn't have a meter and the driver didn't even know how much the ride was to cost. (The driver was upset about just getting ten pounds to get us lost.)A decent hotel would never send their patrons off in an unlicensed vehicle with a driver who didn't know where he was going for an undisclosed price...I don't care how nice the rooms may be, there are more reputable locations in London than this.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great value on web!	My husband and I stayed in London for one night in November and I found this hotel via some hotel search site (can`t remember which one). I booked directly at the hotel site and got a special web rate at £120 for a standard room (normal rate £210). When we got there I was actually sorry that I couldn`t spend more time in our room, which was huge! Almost like a suite by English standards. Beautiful bathroom! The staff was very friendly and gave us every attention. My room rate didn`t include breakfast, but that really didn`t matter as the location is so perfect. Coffe shops on every corner (I recommend Paul, french bakery, 73 Gloucester Road). And easy walking distance (once you learn the short cut) to Earl`s court subway station, which means easy access to Heathrow airport.The hotel was really perfect and I`m definately staying here the next time I go to London!	
Nov 11 2007 	Excellence at the ParkCity	My husband, three children (ages 5, 7, and 9) and I just enjoyed three magnificent nights at the ParkCity. Before our arrival, the hotel let us know that they would be upgrading our rooms to a stay in a three bedroom apartment. The apartment was incredibly spacious, nicely decorated and impeccably clean. It was so nice to be given such a luxurious place to stay without even requesting the upgrade. That is just a sample of the type of customer service we received at this hotel.Our rate included breakfast and this was well worth the price. The buffet was delicious and plentiful. The hotel also gives you the option of ordering off the menu (eggs, omelets, cappucinos, porridge, etc.) at no addtional cost. This was also delicious. The service was wonderful.We used the concierge on a variety of matters and we were always treated very kindly and they always provided excellent service (including locating a soccer stadium that was difficult to find and printing out instructions for our convenience).The hotel is conveniently located close to the Gloucester Road and Earl Court tube stops. If you are traveling with luggage you may want to opt for the Earl Court stop because it has a ramp and a lift and we found it easier to manage with children and luggage.If you are looking for a delicious, healthy meal for your children, we highly recommend the Whole Foods market on Kensington High Street. It is just a short walk (approx. 10 minutes) from the hotel through a lovely neighborhood (I felt very safe walking there with my 5 yo daughter at night). Once you arrive at Whole Foods you can choose from a huge variety of meals and salads on the main floor or you can go up to the third floor and enjoy even more hot and cold foods (sushi, pizza, burgers, tapas, oyster bar,etc.). Save room for dessert (the gelato is fantastic!). We also recommend Wagamama. There are many locations throughout London.Also for those of you traveling with children, there is a huge Sainsbury market (with a Starbucks and an ATM inside) right around the corner from the hotel. It is great to pick up snack foods and to grab those forgotten items (toothbrushes, diapers, etc.)	
Nov 10 2007 	What a beautiful find	What a marvelous place. Beautifully decorated and such a nice staff. Location was great. Staff was very helpful due to our plane arriving early from the states. Be aware though, our total cost was not exactly well defined and they did send us to a place to buy a calling card which after 3 days of use (my grandmother died and I had to make travel arrangements) the hotel charged us for $150.00 worth of local calls. They did take $20 off due to our inconvenience. Just a bit $$ to me. Beyond that was a nice trip with a clean, modern room and bath. Breakfast was tremendous.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great option	We spent four nights at the Parkcity in September. The hotel was exactly as expected clean and recently refurbished. We were in a delux room which was light and spacious - especially for London. The staff were friendly and attentive. The location is a little further out of the South Kensington/Gloucester Road area than we would prefer. The area the hottel is located in is quiet and primarily residential.We will certainly return.	
Nov 9 2007 	Great London hotel!!	This was my second stay at the Parkcity this year. The hotel has a very nice modern decor, the staff is accomodating, and it has an excellent location. The rooms are a bit on the small side, but I guess that's to be expected in the area. The bathrooms are nice and large, though. The hotel is on a quiet street, which is a plus. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 6 2007 	Lovely Hotel Minor Flaws	We stayed at the Parkcity for an overnight layover on the first night of our honeymoon on our way to Italy. We booked this hotel based on the amazing reviews here on TripAdvisor of other people who were celebrating weddings and birthdays. While the hotel itself was every bit as lovely as other reviews have stated, we did not experience the same level of hospitality that others have experienced.When I made the reservation I made a note that it was our honeymoon and we booked a Deluxe room for 139 pounds plus full English breakfast for 10 pounds a person. Upon check-in, the staff member who was helping us barely talked to us and did not so much as smile or say congratulations when I mentioned it was our honeymoon. We checked into our room, which was nice but smaller than I expected for the Deluxe. When you opened the door you practically walked into the bed and there were a few steps down to a hallway with a small seating area in front of the bathroom. However, the furnishings and decorations were luxurious and the room was spotlessly clean. I noticed that there was no bottled water in the room as advertised and had my husband call down to the front desk to inquire and he was brusquely told that I was mistaken. I thought maybe they had changed the water being included, but now read reviews of stays after mine where the water was there each day. We left to do some site seeing and did not return until about 8pm. When we got back to the room there was no card or cake to congratulate us on our wedding as other people have experienced and in fact, the turn down service was only on one side of the bed with only one chocolate. We did call down to room service to order a dessert to share and it was very quick and quite delicious.Caution should once again be used entering and exiting the shower, as I slipped and bruised my leg rather badly. In addition, the stairs down to the bathroom caused me to fall trying to get to it in the middle of the night. Also, the bedding, while very nice Frette linens, did not provide a top sheet, so it was either the very warm down comforter or nothing, which was an issue for us as we tend to get hot when we sleep, but like to have at least a sheet on us.Breakfast, however, was everything you have read about and more. It was plentiful, delicious, served promptly and overall one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. It was especially nice that they would deliver it to the room for no extra charge, making at least that romantic touch come through for us in this experience.I hate to have so many nitpicks about the Parkcity, because ultimately I think it is a very good value for London and I would definitely stay here again. However, we found a lot of the things that people have raved about here on TripAdvisor to be missing and for that, we were dissapointed slightly in our experience. I filled out the customer questionairre with all of these issues listed but have not recieved a response from the hotel.	
Nov 5 2007 	Believe the hype - it's true!	Spacious, spotlessly clean and luxurious. Amazing nights' sleep in the very comfortable bed with soft pillows. Staff couldn't be more helpful and friendly. Full English Breakfast was delicious and the whole atmosphere was a joy. When we return to London, we won't even be looking at any other hotel. This was truly stunning and we couldn't fault it.	
Nov 5 2007	two blocks from the tube	We took the tube and got off two blocks from the hotel.The hotel was spotless as was the room. The comfortable bed had down-filled covers. The side street that is was located on had minimum traffic. The concierge really knew his stuff and marked a map for all the sites we wanted to see.	
Nov 5 2007 	London's Gem!	Stayed at the Park City for the GF's birthday. GF has a taste for the finer things in life and this EXCEEDED expectations. The minute you walk through the hotel entrance your impressed, from the tidy and elegant deco to the pleasant-ness of the Park City staff. They really can't do enough for you, from booking cabs to the theatre (hotel is approx a £15 cab journey.. based on travelling to the lyceum) and reconfirming your breakfast order.The room I choose was an Executive suite. I found booking directly through the hotel itself was extremely price competitive. Including bed IN breakast bargain @ £175! Beautiful LARGE and spacious room, gleaming sparkly clean and also a LATE checkout of 12noon, with most hotels ushering you out by 10-11am!Breakfast was AMAZING! Full english with a selection of pastries, Fresh fruit salad and a variety of yoghurts.... possibly the most appetising breakfast ive ever consumer!Top marks for this hotel which has exceeding ALL my expectations!WILL be returning!4 STAR??? Should easily be 5*****!	
Oct 30 2007 	Parkcity our New Favorite!	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Parkcity, and cannot wait to return. Everything about the hotel was top shelf - very spacious rooms with high ceilings, attractive and modern furnishings, luxurious bathroom with a large tub and wonderfully large showerhead. The bed was super comfortable, and to top it all off everyone on the staff went out of their way to take care of us. We had a predawn departure to catch a flight and the night staff had even prepared coffee and tea just for us.	
Oct 23 2007 	The good reviews were spot on	We booked this hotel on the strength of reviews here for a quiet weekend in London. The staff were all really helpful and friendly and the room was excellent - quiet even though it was at the front. An excellent breakfast (served in the room) was included in the weekend room rate, making it great value for the quality (£135). Definitely recommended.	
Oct 23 2007	Bowled over by the Parkcity	Stopped at the Parkcity as part of a birthday treat for my mother-in-law. Recommended by colleagues and swayed by TA reviews. Wanted something luxurious and impressive and this delivered! (Hasten to add I did get it at a reduced rate through an on-line booking facility.)Ladies toilets in the foyer fantastic. Concierge services good - tried for an early check-in but room not ready, so left luggage and went exploring.Twin room very large - had prepared myself for a small room (understanding is that usually London hotel rooms on the small side) - so pleasantly surprised.Bathroom impressive although very close inspection revealed a couple of minor flaws (nothing to worry about).Additional touches such as turn down service weren't expected but were appreciated - added to the touch of luxury that I wanted for the birthday girl!	
Oct 20 2007 	Great place especially for the price!	Stayed here one night last month before leaving for cruise. Went totally off the TripAdvisor reviews. Had a really large room (deluxe) especially for London! Very clean, nice bathrooms. Friendly staff. Pretty good location but you can get to tube station quickly for travels around the rest of the city. Will surely book this for our next stay in London.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed two weeks at this hotel. The staff were all very polite, courteous, and helpful. The room was large for London standards and very clean. The bathroom was also quite large. They gave us two terry cloth robes to use, but we never did. Our room was very quiet and the curtains blocked the morning sun which was wonderful for late arrivals. The only problem we had with our room was the A/C didn't work and actually blew out warm air instead of cold. But it was only a minor thing and we easily opened the windows as an alternative. We didn't bother to notify the staff since it wasn't a big deal. At night the turn down service with the little chocolate was a nice touch. The hotel's gym was actually more spaceous than some of the hotel gyms I've seen. We were happy with the equipment that was provided.The hotel has two tube stations with in walking distance. You can use the Gloucester Road station or the Earl's Court station. Out of habit we ended up using Gloucester the majority of the time. But the Circle and District lines run out of both. Using the tube you can get to most attraction fairly quickly.The hotel is also located next to a Sainbury supermarket which is really handy for a quick bite to eat or to pick up lunch/dinner on the way to the tube station.We will definitly choose to stay here when we come back to London. The staff was friendly, it is conveniently located in a nice area of London, and very affordable.	
Oct 18 2007	will return again and again....great hotel...nice people!!	amazing amazing--what a great hotel. we booked the hotel because of this web site. the folks discussing the parkcity here on trip advisor pretty much summed the place up correctly. we stayed wed. oct. 3 - mon. oct. 8th &amp; loved every minute of our stay. the room was very clean, the staff probably the nicest folks around with regards to hotel worker bees (especially andre), and a wonderful breakfast each morning. i am very hard to please with a room being clean enough for me. let me tell you folks..the room was clean--the bathroom huge--the molton brown goodies much appreciated.....the location worked well--i love the kensington area--not too far of a walk to the tube station--15 minutes max.if i knew how to post photos i would do so. i have some great shots of the interior/exterior of the hotel and staff. plan to mail the staff photos of them back to the hotel.stay here people...dont hazzle with a semi-clean room elsewhere. cut your best deal however you can. because we were kinda off-season we got the room for 155 pounds, 3 nights and 199 pounds for 2 nights--split 3 ways--very reasonable for a stay in a major city. and really a great breakfast...i mean they made me a latte every morning--huzzah !!oh, i slept on the roll-away bed and it was as comfortable as the twin beds in the room. so the 3 of us gals had a great experience with the parkcity.	
Oct 15 2007 	Good Hotel	Just returned from a 2 night stay. Got a special offer of £155 per night with breakfast via the hotel website. Very pleasant room on the third floor - possibly the most comfortable bed I've slept in in a hotel. The concierge on the front desk was incredibly pleasant and helpful. The only complaint I'd have about the room was the towels in the bathroom which were frayed and grey on both days with obvious stains on them. This is at odds with the boutique image of the hotel. I've noticed other reviewers commenting on how nice the towels were so perhaps we were unlucky. The breakfast room in the basement was a little shabby and on the Sunday morning despite the fact there were only 2 other tables full, the serving staff failed to notice we had arrived and we had to ask for tea/coffee. These are small details perhaps but they did leave us a little disappointed and are the reason for the 3 star review.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great little hotel	What a nice hotel. Stayed there with my wife and daughter and the room was exceptional. Large (for London), very clean and friendly staff.Okay, so it took me about 10 minutes to walk to the nearest tube (Earls Court) but it was worth spending a bit extra as the room was large (even with the extra bed) plus the bathroom was large with quality products (good soap, shampoo etc).Now apart from the heating being cranked up quite high in the common areas on our floor, I would definitely stay there again. Quiet street with a very convenient Sainsbury very close to the hotel for those cheaper items. Breakfast was affordable but we just grabbed a few items from the local store as we always overslept (did I mention it was quiet).Bottles of water were provided twice a day (when they cleaned the room and when the room was turned down at night). The quality chocolate on each pillow at night was a nice touch.Would definitely stay there again if I could even though I could have saved a bit of money staying at a cheaper hotel chain such as the Premier Inn.	
Oct 13 2007 	Great hotel. Excellent staff	We really enjoyed our stay at Parkcity. The room itself was large and clean. The staff was fantastic. They really went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of. Parkcity is a short walk from the Earl's Court tube station, so everything was easily accessible. I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 12 2007 	First rate boutique hotel	The first hotel of a seven-city holiday through Europe. All hotels picked determined by Trip Advisor comments.What a great start. We arrived early (6 am) Saturday from our Australia flight, having been collected at Heathrow by London Airport Transfer (highly recommended). The first impressions of the hotel were terrific. We were made most welcome by night staff Andre and Sarah. They let us use a ground-floor room in which to freshen up, gave us coffee and were delightful. We were then off into the London air for most of the day - to keep jetlag at bay and us awake.Returned mid afternoon and shown our room proper, a Double Deluxe, number 311. Like the rest of the hotel, the room was modern, bright, light and quite spaciously comfortable. L-shaped with windows that opened to allow air (no aircon for us if we can help it). Colour scheme white and beech. Large comfortable bed, great tv - especially for football. Bathroom a good size but the dreaded shower over the bath - thankfully glass panel not body clinging curtain. But what joy - bath sheets, not towels, of good quality, which I think sums up Parkcity: Good quality.I dare say if one took careful note there were things to criticise, but we were on holiday and didn't want to see the view over Sainsbury's carpark or be concerned with the hot corridors. They exist, you choose whether they intrude.We stayed five nights and had breakfast in the more than adequate breakfast room each morning. We had drinks in the Ruby bar some evenings - very cosy.The hotel is great. Its location great (see how many Mercs, BMWs, Ferraris, Porsches you can count in the area) and ,yes, it's probably not cheap and we possibly had to walk a tad too far to the tube station at Gloucester Road (careful, the Piccadilly line there does not have escalators only a lift and stairs) but so what were we on holiday at a great hotel and loving it.	
Oct 11 2007 	Excellent Value	Just had a 2 night stay at the Park City. Had a couple of business meetings in town so needed a hotel for a couple of nights. I'm well used to London hotels, the good the bad and the ugly and the Park City is definitely one of the good. The rooms were very big (for London) and extremely well appointed - plasma screen TV, Bose Wave CD etc. Large bathroom with excellent shower, everything very clean. I always look for a place with a gym and they have a small gym in the basement with a couple of brand new treadmills and a concept 2 rowing machine. There's also a multi gym machine which is half decent.I didn't eat in the restaurant in fact on the 2nd night it was closed for a private function. However would recomment the buffet breakfast - at £14.50 its pretty good value bearing in mind this is the West End.Not a criticism of the hotel but if you don't know London well be aware that this place is out in Earls Court and not ideal if you want to be right in the middle of town although Gloucester Road Tube is 5 minutes walk away. Having said that you'll pay twice as much for a 4 star in Piccadilly/Park Lane and from my experience it won't be anywhere near as good.	
Oct 5 2007 	Excellent	Excellent hotel and even better than expected!!. I have stayed in other hotels in London at more than twice the price that did not provide as much value. Located in Kensington near excellent restaurants, a supermarket and Internet call centers. True, a bit far from the &quot;action&quot; near Picadilly but to us that was a plus as we wanted some peace and quiet. The Tube is only a short walk and will take you to any part of London in just a few minutes(just avoid rush hours). The concierge service was superb. Definitely recommended.	
Oct 4 2007 	Wonderful Hotel in quiet street with nice beds would recommend	Was happy to see hotel held up to its reviews . I just LOVE TRIP ADVISOR and have booke many hotels on everyones reviews. ....HOWEVER BIG NEWS!!!! The garden cafe and Lessandros (restaurant) is now closed as of the 23rd of Sept 07. We had people coming for dinner in the hotel and had to make last minute changes. The Concierge man from Spain was very helpful and we quickly checked out a couple within walking distance (7mins at slow pace) and it was very nice but not WOW for rthe price you have to pay if traveling from the US with exchange rate.  If you are from the US it is very expensive in London. Paid $350 for dinner for 6. Two had appetizers, and one had a desert. One guest only had a antipasto salad. Only two drank...2 beers and 2 wines. Although this does incude tip. Forgot the name of the restaurant but its a 2 word name like mondo ____. Slow service as the concierge warned of. and people complaining (US pats).Do check out the reception for the nice man who does trips to heathrow in his very nice BMW. Was just as cheap as getting a cab and could charge it to the room...big plus since London taxi cabs want 12.5% extra to use your credit card! UK and Spain they seem to want the credit cards with a chip in them which I dont have so going to a grocery store or etc can be difficult. There is a Sainsbury's...very large about 5mins away and was able to buy for our needs at an expensive price with the exchange rate but with our credit card.The room was very very nice with great sheets and a king size bed! I loved that since we were flying back to DC the following day. Great towels and shampoos also a hairdryer and mini bar..but mini bar is exspensive for US comparisons..go to Sainsburys and buy your own.. AC worked great and very quiet. View not the best in the world over a parking lot. But on the other hand we were only stopping over one night so what mattered was a quiet nights sleep. Bathroom was lovely and very very clean with a great rain shower and nice molton brown shampoos BUT no conditioner BRING YOUR OWN!The breakfast was hard to find where it was in the hotel (this is all they serve now) and needed a tea and coffee just to get us on the road ( no coffee or teamakers in the room). Since the restaurants have closed. We finally figured it was downstairs in the basement after looking all over our car was there for the airport. So we had nothing except for our water and yogurt and bananas we had gotten. Highly recommend getting supplies from grocery store OR pay 27 pound for 2 people for breakfast..more exspensive than Heathrow.	
Oct 3 2007 	great hotel in London	This is a gem of a hotel, we first stayed here just before Christmas in 2006. We booked at the last minute and took a risk on it because the price was good and they had availability. The hotel is every bit as nice as the web page makes it look. The location is good just a 10 minute walk to the tube station, lots of shops and restaurants in the area. Ask the hotel staff to recommend a place to eat nearby. Breakfast is served in a sunny breakfast room - great pastries! We liked this place so much we have stayed a couple more times since and I recommend to all my friends going to London. I don't think you can find a better hotel for this price. The regular room we stayed in was pretty small, but this is London, the second time we were upgraded to a Deluxe room and those rooms are definately worth the extra cost - much more space if you will be staying for more than a couple of nights or have a lot of baggage.	
Oct 3 2007 	Looking for another excuse to go back!!	Having stayed here in february for my 50th birthday, we had no reservations in recommending it to my brother in law for his 40th. Six of us were in London to celebrate for the weekend. and we certainly weren't disappointed. The staff are very helpful and friendly, the hotel is spotlessly clean, and the rooms and the beds are luxurious and spacious. (I need one of those scrummy duvets) The staff were very accommodating, and managed to put us in adjacent rooms. We had the full english breakfast which is great value for money and very good. Being a short walk from earls court station and not far from kensington high street, this hotel is well placed as it is quieter than those in the very centre of the city and yet convenient for travel. I am very fussy about where I stay and levels of cleanliness etc. and I love it here. Am now looking for the next excuse to go back!!!!	
Oct 1 2007 	The Best Value in London!!!!!!	I just got back from a brief trip tp London, based off of the reviews I selected the hotel. It was my first time at this hotel and the reviews are pretty accurate. Its a 7 min walk from Glouster tube station or a 5 min walk from Earls Court station. The rooms were nice and modern, comfortable bed, and they even had hand towels!!! This hotel is by far the best value in London I spent about 149 GBP per night. I will definitely be returning.	
Sep 29 2007 	Very small standard rooms... but nice...	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of Sept. Very nice hotel overall with a beautiful lobby and a good location. The rooms were decorated nicely but our standard room was EXTREMELY small... we could barely move around the room with our suitcases in there. If I had to do it over again, I would have booked a larger room.Staff was nice and friendly and gave great service.Complaints: Besides the very small room, and the very expensive breakfast ($32 US Dollars per person! Too expensive - like most of London), the only other complaint I have is that because it is a 8-10 minute walk to the tube station, their car service and/or a taxi service will NOT drive you to the station. This is ONLY an issue when you are checking in or checking out. We took a cab to the hotel from Victoria Station since we flew in to Gatwick and it was only about 9 British pounds. But since we were flying out of Heathrow, we wanted a car to take us to the tube station so we wouldn't have to lug our luggage through the streets. I caught a flu on the last day and was not excited to have to pull heavy luggage all the way to the station. But alas, we had to since the hotel staff informed us it was too close for any taxi or car service to take us there. Oh well...Other than that, very nice hotel and a great location. I would definitely recommend getting a upgrade from the standard room.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent base for central london	We recently had a two night stay at this lovely hotel. We chose it on the basis of good Trip Advisor reviews, and proximity to the Royal Albert Hall. We walked to and from the RAH - the area felt very safe and it was a pleasant and straightforward walk. We were lucky with the weather though, and it was a good 20 minute brisk walk, so it might not be suitable for everyone, though I can't imagine a taxi would cost you too much. We stayed in an Executive Room at £189 per night, simply because there were no other room types available. This wasn't cheap, though certainly not expensive for London, but we decided to go for it because it looked and sounded so much better than some of the budget options we were considering for not much less than that.The room was extremely spacious and one of the cleanest we've ever stayed in. Staff were friendly. The housekeeping service was excellent. The bathroom was big, clean, attractive and with a great shower. It was a little warm in the corridors but in our room the air con soon cooled it down.On our last morning we had an excellent room service breakfast, delivered promptly. It wasn't cheap, but I doubt we would have paid much less elsewhere. We didn't use the restaurant, but we did receive a note from the manager to say that it is closed for certain meals until further notice. I can't remember which meals this was for, but it certainly seemed that a full restaurant service won't be available in the future, though room service still will be.I was disappointed not to find tea/coffee making facilities, but then found in the room guide that you can request these from housekeeping. I did so, and a kettle plus tea &amp; coffee supplies arrived promptly, though these were not re-stocked on the second day. I'm sure we could have rang for more, but we just ended up getting a few bits from the 24-hour Sainsburys, 2 minutes walk away.Facilities in the area were absolutely first rate, with lots of restaurants and shops on Cromwell Road. We used the Gloucester Road tube station just down the road and only about 8 minutes walk away. The hotel was very easy to find. Gloucester Road tube station turned out to be very handy, as the other places we wanted to go e.g. British Museum, Covent Garden, were all easily accessible from Gloucester Road via the Piccadilly Line. We didn't use the other nearby station, Earls Road, though this is on the same line, just one stop further down.All in all an excellent stay, and we would not hesitate to go again.	
Sep 21 2007 	The Parkcity - Home away from home	London is getting outragiously expensive! Could no longer afford to stay at Sofitel St James like we used to, and have to look for new hotels this time. Booked the Parkcity for a three nights' stay based entirely on Tripadvisor's recommendation. Bravo! Could not have asked for a better experience! Hotel is clean, compact, modern, and the bed is so comfy. Staff are friendly and accommodating - being a lone female traveller, I put in a no. of requests before hand regarding the room - and all were met with no question or fuss. Found the earl's court/gloucester road tube stations both within walkable distance, and the saintsbury just round the corner so very convenient. All in all, would not hesitate to stay at parkcity again in my future trips to London.	
Sep 20 2007 	Best of London!	This hotel was simply the best!! Everyone knows that London is one ofthe most expensive cities but this hotel makes you feel like you are getting your moneys worth. We loved everything about it!! The room was a nice size, very clean, modern, and well located! I also loved the Molton Brown bath and body amenities. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone visitng London and look forward to returning soon!!	
Sep 16 2007 	FANTASTIC !!	We have just got home having stayed at The Parkcity for 2 nights....it was a special occassion as we were getting married and we chose this hotel on the strength of the reviews on this website. Well , what a fantastic hotel and rightly deserves the 5 out of 5. It was totally faultless and the staff couldn't have been nicer or more welcoming. We had a room rate with the full english breakfast which was excellent. Our room was fairly large with all modern comforts provided. After our hectic day we were pleasantly suprised to find a bottle of champagne on ice and a card to congratulate us in our room. The bar in the hotel also serves fantastic cocktails ... the fizzmopolitan I am told is one of nicest drinks ever!! All I can say now is go and stay in one of the best hotels in London, we will definately stay there again.	
Sep 16 2007 	Excellent stay!	Loved the Parkcity. Convenient to all major tourist areas in London (via the tube). Clean, comfortable, good amenities, friendly staff - we couldn't have asked for a better home base in London.	
Sep 16 2007 	The place to stay without breaking the bank	Thank you Tripadvisors. You done good. I booked the Parkcity purely on the basis of these reviews, and it turned out to be a Gem.Clean , comfortable, very well appointed room. The bathroom was particularly impressive and gave me a few ideas as I am in renovaton mode.I had the impression that we were the only guests in the hotel. Never saw anyone though the place was apparently close to fully booked.It's not perfect though.The location is a little out of the way and seems to require quite a long tube ride to get anywhere. The walk to Earls court, while only about 10 minutes, can be a drag if you are in a hurry to say get back to the hotel to change for a show or dinner.The busses are much more convenient and if you can stick to places served by the #74 bus, transportation is fine.Also, it took us a while to find a decent brekkies place in the vicinity. (We stayed 5 nights). That is a place where you can get an English breakfast and not just a pastry. In this regard , I recommend the WHole Food store on Kensington High Street which is a 20 minute walk (or take the # 328 bus)The hotel staff were very obliging though we never came to them with a problem. However, like the whole service industry in London, it has been abrogated to &quot;foreign workers&quot; and I am not sure how much authority has been vested in them by the Hotel management or how they would respond if pressurized. The key thing they did for us was to secure a street facing room which I had requested. All in all, unless I had commitments in other parts of the city, I would stay here again and strongly recommend the place.	
Sep 15 2007 	Good Value	We recently stayed at the Parkcity. It was a very good value -being clean and modern at a reasonable price. This is definitely a small boutique hotel with charm. I booked the hotel based on the Trip Advisor reviews.The only issues that kept it from being a perfect experience were the location - it wasn't close to the major attractions - and the temperature was quite hot, particularly in the hallways.The service was responsive and friendly.	
Sep 14 2007 	great hotel!!	Stayed at the hotel for a weekend at the beginning of September. Had booked it as a surprise for my mother's 60th and had her relatives staying. The whole stay was wonderful. The breakfast was good value, although the bar was expensive. The only thing I could find fault was that our rooms were not ready until after 3pm. Would recommend this hotel and will stay again.	
Sep 14 2007 	Lived up to our expectations	Like many reviewers, we stayed here on the basis of previous reviews. We were not disappointed with the hotel. It has the feel of a luxury boutique hotel - don't let the facade (which looks like any of the number of dodgy London hotels in the Earl's Court/South Kensington area) fool you! The room was large and luxurious (we particularly loved the bathroom) and in a really quiet location. It was also airconditioned and had a refridgerator. The only minor inconvenience was that it was slightly further from the Earl's Court tube station than we were expecting (a good ten minute walk, which definitely feels like longer when you are walking with a lot of luggage). However, it is well situated overall and reasonably priced, given how expensive accommodation in London is.	
Sep 10 2007 	Good value and location	I booked the hotel based on the recommendation of TripAdvisor ratings.We stayed for 7 nights in August 2007. Overall the hotel is as described by the others, good location, quiet, clean, efficient, accomodiating and good value. Good airconditioning and nice washroom with rain showers. The bath towers were huge. Bathrobes were provided. (deluxe room).Price wise, it is reasonable for London's standards but expensive compared to US or Canada. We managed to booked directly with the hotel for 129 pounds/night fully paid prior to departure. No major issues or complains with the hotel which is good considering that we were there for 7 nights.Minor issue about the roll-away bed which was too soft for my 10 year old daughter but the staff were very helpfui and gave us more duvet to pad it up. Generally, hotels in Europe and Asian are not geared tor families unlike US or Canada where a double bed is common. Location is good considering that the subway is 5 - 8 minutes walk away and still the street level noise is kept to a minimum. The neighbourhood is good and we had not problem even late in the nights walking back to the hotel.We had a free bottled water every day and fresh fruit at the reception. Good suggestion regarding information about getting off the Earl's Court exit at the Subway station which was important to save some walking distance (given by a traveller earlier).Travelling by bus and subway was easy after you get a hang of where the buses or trains are heading and where the transfer is.It is a little more expensive than some of the other hotels but, if you can afford it, it is definately a good choice to stay.	
Sep 9 2007 	Just terrific	Booked this hotel based on TA reviews and its proximity to the Royal Albert Hall for the Proms. The staff were polite and helpful, the deluxe room and the bed were huge and comfortable and the location really quiet despite being only 150yds from the Cromwell Rd. Although the excellent breakfast was expensive (but alternatives are available witin 10 mins) overall the hotel represents terrific value for money and it thoroughly deserves its reputation.	
Sep 8 2007 	Loved The Parkcity	I stayed at The Parkcity in August. It was wonderful. The hotel staff was very helpful. When we checked in they were not through cleaning our rooms so they up-graded our rooms to the Exec suites on the 4th floor. They were amazing. Even by North American standards I didn't think the rooms were too small. I've certainly stayed in much smaller rooms in Europe. The only complaint was that the room our friends were in the a/c didn't work. In the hotels defense though they DID try to get our friends to switch rooms but our friends didn't want to have to move all of their stuff after being settled. They said it wasn't too hot but they did wish it could be fixed.Overall, I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel. It is in a safe neighborhood with shops and restaurants nearby. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel because we were out early each day. We would stop along the way for breakfast.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great hotel in London	This is a great find! London is outrageously expensive but this was reasonably priced (for London) and well-worth it. Located in South Kensington, it is very near the Tube and walking distance to the main High street. It was easy for us to get everywhere (and the Tube stop--Earl's Court--is on the same line from Heathrow; while it takes longer than the Express, it is an easy ride from the airport). The rooms were modern, stylish and very comfortable. Great beds and linens, and for overseas travelers suffering from jet-lag, it helps that the curtains blocked out all light. Bathrooms were spacious and beautiful. The Front Desk staff were always polite and helpful. We also used the Conceirge for to acquire tickets to a show and restaurant recommendations, and both were terrific. Nice L'Occtaine toiletries and bathrobes. I'd definitely stay there again and even though we were on vacation, I'd recommend it to business travelers as well.	
Sep 7 2007 	Fantastic hotel	Really clean hotel, modern fittings but the best thing about the hotel was the pleasant and helpful staff. One of the nicest hotels I've stayed in and for London the best I've seen.	
Sep 6 2007 	Good choice for a London hotel	My husband and I arrived at the Parkcity Hotel at about midnight after a long flight from Chicago. We planned to stay 4 nights in London, take the train to Paris for 4 nights, and finish up our honeymoon with 1 more night in London before flying home on 9/4/07. For our first 4 nights at the Parkcity we booked the Summer Special rate, which was 99GBP/nt for the standard room. For our 5th night in the hotel we booked the Early Bird rate of 139GBP for the deluxe room.Upon check in at the hotel we were given a room on the 4th floor. The temperature on the floor and in the room was at least 80 degrees.When we got into our room I attempted to check out the view only to discover that the drapes were nailed to the walls on all sides. There was no way to open them, which lead me and my husband to believe that there were no windows in the room, just drapes to make it appear as though there were windows. Very strange. When I called the Front Desk about it, they moved us to a room on the 2nd floor with a window (not the best view, but a window nonetheless) and the temperature on this floor was normal. The standard room was small - we didn't have a lot of room for our bags. But it was clean and modern with a comfortable bed and nice TV. The deluxe room was much larger and worth the extra money if you can afford it.The concierge and Front Desk agents at this hotel were extremely helpful with all questions we had. They gave us maps of the city and directions to the local tube stop, Earl's Court. They also called us taxi's when needed and assisted with bags - all the basics you would expect from a full service hotel.I would definately recommend this hotel to friends and family traveling to London. It's clean, good service, and a good location (the Earl's Court tube stop is about a 15 minute walk from the hotel).	
Sep 4 2007	Fab Parkcity Hotel	Just back from spending a few days at this hotel. Have to agree with previous reviews.The hotel was spotless, huge big comfy bed, molton brown toiletries, great bathroom with wonderful shower, huge room which overlooked the garden area at the back, so it was very quiet ( exec room) . It is a 10min walk from Earls Court tube station, in a nice quiet area. Staff very helpful and friendly. Would recommend this hotel anytime.	
Aug 28 2007	Great hotel	If you want to stay in London in a clean, modern, fuss-free place for less than a million dollars, this is the place. The staff was friendly but not overbearing, which can be a problem in small hotels like this one.The hotel arranged for a driver to pick us up from Heathrow. The driver was friendly and helpful. We were able to check in even though we were about two hours early.The room was spacious, light-filled, and wonderfully air-conditioned. Everything was spotless and new. There was a huge closet with drawers, and the bed was very comfortable.The bathroom was also quite big, with Molton Brown toiletries, fluffy white towels, and tons of shelving and counter space for your own stuff.We had breakfast included in our rate, but didn't find it particularly good and, if we had to do it over again, would probably skip it. Location-wise, the hotel is definitely off the beaten path. You're a good 45-minute walk from the City of London, a half hour from Buckingham Palace. We like to walk, though, so it wasn't a problem, and if we got tired at the end of the day, we were able to hail a cab and get back to the hotel for less than 10 pounds (not much in the larger scheme of things since London is so expensive generally). Still, while most of the major sights and are a little far away, the neighborhood itself is very cute and has plenty of little pubs and restaurants. One of the closest is Devonshire Arms, about two blocks away from the hotel. It has decent food, good beer, and a nice outdoor seating area. And, as other reviewers have noted, there is a 24-hour Sainsbury's supermarket around the corner where you can pick up stuff like bottled water, snacks, etc.All in all, I liked this hotel a lot. The only downside is the location, but I would definitely recommend it and would stay there again, especially for the price.	
Aug 26 2007 	Best hotel in London yet!	We booked this hotel after seeing that it was tripadvisor's top ranked hotel last year in London. I booked directly on the website for a summer special that was 110 pounds per night. It was a GREAT value for money. The room was huge and very comfortable and the staff were very attentive and friendly. The only negative thing was that they double charged us for breakfast one morning (and overcharged as well). The staff was very good about removing these charges, however. Just double check your bill when you check out.My husband actually fractured his ankle during our trip and they brought us ice to the room each night, even though it was late!	
Aug 25 2007 	Overall Good	This hotel was within a 5 minute walk to the London underground, which is the cheapest way to get around in London. So, the location was good, and the staff was friendly and accomodating...there to answer any questions. It's a quiet hotel...kind of off the beaten path, but it's right next to a supermarket. Everytime a car pulled out of the parking garage you'd hear the loud clanking sound of metal...that was a little annoying, but we got used to it. Also, it seemed there was a different person to stock the mini-bar, clean the room, and another to offer turn down service, etc. So, we were getting several knocks on our door, even though we weren't in the room much at all, so use the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign because you WILL need it. The carpets could use a good cleaning too, but overall it was priced right for the location and the friendly staff.	
Aug 20 2007 	Finally! A great London hotel	A delightful hotel. Not quite a boutique hotel nor a chain. Somewhere in between that ensures personalised attention. Rooms were large - especially for London. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. Agree with others - breakfast is not included. But worth paying for. Good quality and big servings. Always handy when you are an Aussie tourist watching your $! Given the cost of many other London hotels (and the peak period of our stay) we were happy with the room and value for money. Also, excellent location. Have already recommended the hotel to our friends. Details...I booked 2 rooms over the hotel website. We paid 165 pounds for 2 superior rooms.	
Aug 20 2007 	What a delight!	We found this hotel listed on TripAdvisor and booked it online. What a pleasant surprise to find this quiet, modern, beautiful jewel in crazy London. It was a bit off the beaten path, but so worth it at the end of the day when your comfortable bed, great shower and blessed air conditionind were waiting for you. The tiny bar at the back of the hotel is charming and the bartenders top notch and extremely accommodating. We had dinner in the restaurant one night. It was adequate, and convenient but nothing to rave about. I ordered a steak. The menu suggested that everything was a la carte so I ordered potatoes on the side. Imagine my surprise when my plate arrived with potatoes on it as well as my side order. It would have been nice if the waiter had informed me so I could have made a better choice.	
Aug 19 2007 	Lives up to its reputation	Very nice, clean, excellently appointed hotel. Staff very accommodating and helped us with play tickets and directions. Although, it is a bit of a hike from the tube when you are moving heavy suitcases. Plenty of restaurants and bakeries in the area. Earl's Court Station is your closest tube stop. The only thing I wish I had done was to really read the fine print on the invoice telling me that since it was a promotional rate, no refunds could be made. You could move the date a day or two but if you wanted to leave a day early, no refund. So we got burned for 2 rooms at $220 a piece! Oh well, live and learn!	
Aug 16 2007 	Thank goodness we found ParkCity on TripAdvisor	Thank goodness we found The ParkCity ! Most decent (more expensive) hotels in London were booked up for Wimbledon and we weren't sure about The ParkCity at first. But it was a wonderful stay! The staff was helpful in general, though the check-in took a tad longer than expected. The room was a bit small by North American standard but boy, it was clean and comfortable! The bathroom was well appointed with Molton Brown toiletries (loved it!). We loved the overhead rain shower, it was so relaxing. We weren't too hung up on not having in-room coffee because Starbucks was just around the corner (one on Gloucester Rd., one inside the Sainsbury) . We didn't have the breakfast at the hotel as we heard it's expensive, but it's ok because Paul famous French pastries is just down the road. It's indeed a gem tugged away in a convenient location. Will stay there again, definitely!	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved this hotel!	This hotel lived up to its expectations! We had a very spacious room on the ground floor which was quite novel but my husband liked it! The staff were very friendly and helpful, breakfast which was not included in our deal was very substantial and I really found nothing I could complain about! Will certainly stay there again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic!!	I booked this hotel for my boyfriends birthday &amp; have to say it was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in!!I booked the summer saver online &amp; looked like I saved myself around £200 - but didnt tell the boyfriend that of course hehe!! I told them when I booked that it was his birthday &amp; on the day when it was there was a knock at the door &amp; one of the hotel staff had brought up a chocolate cake wrapped in cellophane for us.The room was a really good size &amp; the molton brown toiletries were absolutely gorgeous!!It was a good location for everywhere that we needed to go and the restaurant bar was lovely to relax in after a evening out in the city.Couldn't fault it at all &amp; would definitely stay again without a doubt!!	
Aug 12 2007 	Just what we wanted	We selected this hotel because of the great reviews on Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. Our experience was wonderful. The room was small (we had a regular room), but was very pretty and very comfortable. We got a great rate from the website -- 99 pounds a night (which was non-refundable and had to be paid in advance).The whole experience was very pleasant. When we booked online, we requested a room facing the street. We also asked whether the was a hair dryer in the room. We got an e-mail back within a day which did said there would be a hair dryer in the room (there was), and that they would try to accomodate our request, but could not guarantee it. As it turned out, we got a room facing the street.The fitness room was small -- but it was well stocked with very good (and new) equipment.The concierge staff were very helpful and friendly. As with other reviewers, we were pleased with the Lebanese restaurant he recommended. He was also able to get us half-price theater tix.We loved the location. The neighborhood is beautiful and well-situated.We agree with a previous review that the hallway is very warm. Not sure why that would be. But it did not diminish our enjoyment. We had no problem with noise. The only downside was that the hotel charges 50 pence a minute for local calls! Perhaps I should have read the info on the phone policy before I used the phone, but I didn't. A call to reserve tix for Buckingham Palace which lasted 8 minutes (all but one of which was on hold) cost 4 pounds (over $8!). In retrospect, we should have had the concierge make the call for us. With this one caveat, we would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Aug 7 2007 	Average experience	Overall this hotel was fine. The room was well appointed and clean, and the service adequate. The concierge was very helpful and recommended a wonderful Indian restaurant for dinner. The business centre was very well equipped and the car pickup arranged with the hotel was efficient.On the downside, I had booked this hotel via the website, and had followed up with several emails, arranging for car pick-up at the airport, etc. In several emails I requested that my reservation be amended to include a request for a room facing the street, as I had read in previous reviews that the rooms facing the car park were noisier. This request was never acknowledged, and much to my disappointment we were given a room facing the car park. I mentioned my request and the front desk stated that it was not on record, and that there were no other rooms available. The room was indeed noisy and was also quite dark with one fairly small window (which I couldn't open due to the noise) Also, in my correspondence I enquired about the difference between a deluxe room and an excecutive room. I was told that the more expensive executive room was larger, with upgraded toiletries (Bvlgari), 2 bottles of water daily, and a bigger selection of magazines. On this information I opted for the executive room. I can't comment on the size, as I didn't see a deluxe room for comparison, although it was a spacious room. However, the toiletries were Molten Brown, and the water was not replaced after the first night. All in all an average experience, and in my mind not exceptional value for your money.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great hotel and position	Third time i have stayed at this hotel and have enjoyed it immensely. Great position, beautiful rooms and very helpful staff. Restaurant was very expensive for what you got but plenty of other places to eat. Close to 3 underground stations, nearest being Earls court. Really recommend it.	
Aug 6 2007 	Nice hotel in great location	I stayed at the Parkcity for a couple of nights in early June. I went directly to the hotel's website to book a deluxe room w/king size bed. The cost per night averaged to USD $300 - pricey as far as the dollar goes, but quite a value for London. I had researched many other hotels for less $ per night, but they were no where near the level and decor of the Parkcity nor were they in as desirable of a location. We found the hotel easily from Earl's Court station and it was not a difficult walk with our rolling luggage. The staff at the reception desk and concierge were pleasant. We were very pleased with our spacious deluxe room - loved the clean modern decor, the Bose clock radio, the Molton Brown toiletries, rain showerhead, and the huge &amp; really comfortable king size bed. I needed assistance planning a train ride up north and the concierge was very helpful getting schedules and pricing for me while I relaxed. We also asked for a breakfast recommendation and the concierge introduced us to a great French cafe in walking distance through the beautiful Kensington neighborhood. The park and museums are easy to reach on foot and the tube line at the nearest station is one of the most convenient for getting in/out of the city and to/from the major sites. All in all, for the money, I don't think you can beat the Parkcity in London... you can pay a lot more money for a similar boutique hotel or upscale chain, or pay just a little less for a lesser hotel. If I have the opportunity to visit London again, I would definitely stay at the Parkcity.	
Aug 5 2007	Parkcity Hotel Hidden Jewel in London	This newly refurbished hotel in Kensington was absolutely beautiful and convenient. The Parkcity is decorated beautifully in modern maple furniture and doors. (see their website) The lobby and staff, Richard and Ziad especially, were very friendly and helpful. They try to get you in your room as soon as possible after the all night flight. They are located in a neighborhood with very nice walks to pubs and other neighborhoods like Notting Hill. I highly recommend The Brittanica for excellent pub food which was a nice 1/2 mile walk away. We looked at more expensive hotels nearby, and the Parkcity rooms were much larger and more tastefully decorated. The bed was the most comfortable on our trip from London to Scotland. I look forward to going back there if the exchange rate improves.	
Aug 4 2007 	Extreme disappointment	I feel compelled to share our extremely poor experience with the Parkcity Hotel management.After reading all of the rave reviews, we were really looking forward to staying at the Parkcity. Our pre-paid reservations (which were booked in February 2007) were scheduled for the last 2 nights of our holiday. When my family of six arrived at the hotel to check-in, we were informed that there were plumbing problems in the hotel and our rooms were unavailable. The manager stated that our family was being re-booked to another accommodation. This turned out to be the first of numerous other disappointing issues we encountered. The driver provided by the hotel (although very courteous and apologetic) could not find the property. Turns out he was provided the incorrect information. After numerous calls back to the hotel, my family ended up spending over an hour in the car circling the neighborhood looking for the apartment. The alternative accommodation turned out to be a 2 bedroom apartment in a residential building. The residential building had none of the guest services that we had already paid to receive- reception, restaurant, room service, concierge, wi-fi, - nothing at all. The apartment itself was in need of a serious facelift. There were two beds and a well-worn sleeper sofa with pillows and towels for 4 people. The safe-deposit was broken and there was no security-bolt on the door - only the single lock on the knob. (We slept with a chair against the door.) Compounding our frustration - when we finally got a call back from the manager of the Parkcity – he apologized and admitted that he had never actually been to the apartment. He ultimately agreed to reimburse us for one evening. We are experienced travelers and understand that issues arise – however hotel management was completely reckless in their decision to send us (or any guest) to such an accommodation.	
Aug 4 2007 	Boutique Hotel with both charms and problems	WARNING: A LITTLE LONG...I just returned from a four night stay at the Parkcity Hotel in London folowing a stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia in Paris (which I reviewed elsewhere). Having never taken the Tube while in London, I found it to be easy and effiecient (if expensive), and elected to take it to the hotel. I made the mistake of getting off the train too soon thinking I needed to transfer to another line. Somehow, thankfully, I got to the needed Earls Court stop, but went out a door that took me &quot;the long way&quot; to get to the hotel. Moral - get on the train at the airport, don't get off until Earls Court, and walk out the main entrance. Then, the walk to the hotel is straight-forward as long as your luggage is on wheels and/or light to carry.The hotel itself is clean and modern, with flat screen televisions, air-conditioning (mine worked VERY well), Molton Brown toiletries, and a restaurant on premises. The location is good as it is close to museums, the Tube, and many restaurants (I tried and liked Ramoush, Masala Zone, and Gourmet Burger Kitchen). Check in was painless, but I must concur that the staff is relatively young, inexperienced, and many employees are struggling with the English language. Oh well, I'm from the US and I was struggling with the English (read British English) language, so I can't get too up in arms about that. Besides, I had just come in from Paris, where I'm sure my French raised eyebrows...My room was large, and on the top floor, which I liked. As I mentioned, the air conditioning worked in the room, but the hallways were like an oven. Very HOT. EXTREMELY hot! I don't know what that was all about, but it was night and day from my room to the hallway. The room itself was clean, made up nicely each day, and turndown service was available in the evening. Good task lighting throughout, which is important for me. I, unfortunately, had some chatty, cackling women on holiday (with a child) in the next room and they talked, and talked, and TALKED every night, ALL NIGHT LONG. Needless to say, the walls are thin in this hotel, and if you have a noise machine, BRING IT. You'll need it if you are as unlucky as I was for neighbors.I had one problem during my stay. I placed some items in the hotel safe my first night there. The next morning, the safe would not open. There must have been some power failure, because it completely wiped out the computer in the safe. After several calls to the front desk, an incompetant employee came up and spent 30 minutes doing absolutely nothing to open the safe. He told me he would return in 10 minutes. Thirty minutes later, no one. Mind you, I'm trying to shower, and leave for the day - you know, museums to see, sights to see, a vacation to enjoy. I DON'T want to spend my days in London, especially my first day in London, standing around waiting in my hotel room hoping to access a safe with all my valuables contained within. Naturally, the front desk suggested that I leave for the day and they would handle it. Uh, right. You open the safe and when I return, you tell me there was nothing in the safe...So, I jump in the shower, get out, and still no &quot;safe cracker&quot;. I call the front desk. I'm told he is on his way up. I get dressed. Half hour later, no one. I call down again, am met with a rude female employee who tells me they have other guest in the hotel as well and that I would need to be patient, and then, hangs up on me. Yes, she hung up on me. So, I decide it's time for a face to face. I grab my key, and as the door closes behind me, I decide I better take my ID (which I didn't lock in the safe), just in case. In case of what, you ask? In case I need it for the front desk staff. Sure enough, as I attempt to key myself back into the room, the key doesn't work. Now, I need an ID to get a new key for my room...This comedy of errors only ends when the manager FINALLY calls someone to drill open the safe. The entire process took more than two hours of my time, completely shot my entire morning, and was extremely aggravating. And what did I get for this unnecessary grief? Nothing. Nada. No apology, no complimentary drink, zero. Oh well, I didn't use the safe anymore after that. I would hate to have a problem more severe than this occur.There is a business center, a small fitness room, and a nice, comfortable reading room off of the lobby. The hotel also offers wired internet service from rooms and wifi service in the lobby for 10 pound per 24 hours!!! That ain't cheap, folks.The conceirge did recommend a great Lebanese restaurant Ramoush, that was very tasty. And he also arranged a car for my trip to the airport and gave me tips on sightseeing and Tube travel. He was a true diamond in this sea of coal, as was the afternoon/evening housekeeping staff.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to travelers who are self-sufficient and do not require a great deal of services from the front desk. The incompetent, and sometime rude, front desk staff almost makes me not recommend the property. The housekeeping staff, the conceirge, and the restaurant staff, however, are helpful, attentive, and friendly, so I can say that with some training, the other folks can step up and make this a truly exceptional property.And besides, with the pound against the dollar these days, the Parkcity represents a very good value compared to other properties with similar services in London.	
Aug 3 2007 	Had a lovely time at the Parkcity!	I stayed here at the end of July and loved it. I had booked it after reading reviews here on trip advisor and I wasn't disappointed. I booked a deluxe room and it was really spacious. The bed was huge and really comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful and overall the room was really clean and nicely furnished. The air con worked well which was good as the windows didn't open very far. We had room service breakfast one day which came to £34 which is somewhat obscene but it was very nice. The other days we went to a French café around the corner. There is a 24 hour Sainsburys around the corner which came in handy for water and other little things. The Parkcity is close to the tube, only about a 5 minute walk from both Gloucester Rd and Earls Court Rd Stations. I had no trouble with the staff and we left our luggage there on the last day. Overall, I'd fully recommend it!	
Jul 29 2007 	Very Nice	We stayed here for 4 nights in early July. It is a lovely hotel in a very convenient location on a charming residential street. The hotel staff was mostly very pleasant...We did have troubling getting information on sights, cabs and restuarants...We had learned that the Concierge had recently left and a bellboy was now acting as Concierge!... Here is our experience...We had just flown from San Francisco and were very tired. My husband and I and our three children just wanted to sleep...One of our rooms (the triple) was ready and the other one was not. The manager Richard had promised me a triple and a king room next door to each other... they let us into the triple which only had 2 beds set up...I was eager to get checked in to the king room which supposedly just needed to be finished cleaning...Marjena @ the front desk was helping us with our check in. She was rude and nasty from the onset... She wasn't able to show us our king room which was pre assigned to us by the manager months earlier. She showed us another room down the hall from our children (an executive class) which was very large. We said that we wanted to wait and see the room which we originally had under our reservation which was directly next door to our children. An hour+ went by and I called again to see if our other room was ready...Marjena told us that she thought the larger room would be better for us and had given up our next door room to another guest!! I had told her that I had wanted to see the room and she told me it was occupied already. She offered us the Executive room and we were so tired that we said it was fine. Later that evening she called and told us that we would have to pay an additional 50 Pounds per day for this room!!! I couldn't believe this!! They never put this 3rd bed in my girls room so our yougest daughter stayed with us, which was better in the long run...Unfortunately Richard Bristow (who is fantastic!!) was on holiday and wasn't able to assist us. I do believe that this would have not happened if he was in OR another person at the front desk was checking us in...So the moral of our the story...I highly recommend the Parkcity for location, rooms and most of the staff!!...BUT walk away if Marjena is at the front desk...She is rude, uncoorperative and deceitful !!	
Jul 29 2007	The Park City Hotel	We recently stayed at the Park City hotel in London for one night. We thought it was going to be a nice place being that it was one of the top ratings on this site. We arrived at the hotel at 9pm and we were greated by a rude employee at the front desk. Shortly after we fell asleep, there was a party in the room next door. We called the front desk about the loud talking and noises and nothing was done. When we left the hotel at 4:15 am for our 7am flight, there were pizza boxes and garbage in the halls outside of our room. The staff made no attempt to help our 7 hour stay be a nice one. We needed to arrange a taxi ride for the morning because the underground did not run early Sunday morning. The hotel was nice enough to arrange a prepaid, $100.00 taxi ride for us to the airport. The ride from the hotel to the airport was less than 15 minutes and we could not believe how badly the hotel had ripped us off. The taxi driver had mentioned that his brother worked at the hotel and at that point we understood why we were paying that much money!!!! The room was semi-clean, towels were coming apart and the shampoo and conditioner were not replaced from the last people who stayed there. The walls were paper thin and the staff was rude. We were on the second floor and could hear street noise the entire night. I was happy we did not book directly through their website...went to priceline.com and found the room for $242.00. I would still be kicking myself if I had booked this room for over $400.00 like the hotel charges. I would not recommend this place if you are a light sleeper, on a budget, looking for friendly staff, are leaving Sunday before the underground opens or if you are looking for a pleasant stay in London! We passed a Holiday Inn that looked wonderful and we wished we had stayed there!	
Jul 29 2007 	comfotable and clean	Just came back from a six day stay at the parkcity in london. Loved the room.The staff were very accomodating the first night we arrived the tv in the room would not work and they moved us to another room. But the room they moved us too was much smaller. I should have asked to see the room they were thinking of moving us to. I would have rather have stayed in the room with out a telly than to be moved to a smaller room. They moved us back the next day. I agree that the staff were young and thier english was a bit iffy. The room was delightful and i didn't care if i could open the windows. The beds were amazing so comfortable!! The bathroom was huge a nice little touch was that the it was up a short flight of stairs. It made the room feel bigger. Breakfast was cheaper if you purcahsed things al a carte. Very safe neighbourhood and we ate in neighbouring area of Earls Court quite a bit at the Earls Court Tavern.Good staff nice place decent location and comfy beds.	
Jul 28 2007 	Excellent value / modern Hotel	I booked 2 nights in the Parkcity based on Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel is excellent given its location and price. The rooms are modern and give a freshly renovated experience. Only the check-in process was slow and the clerk hat trouble answering a few basic questions. Overall, I do think that it will be difficult to find another hotel with similar standard in central London.	
Jul 24 2007 	Moslty lived up to its reviews	Pros: A nicely appointed, fairly spacious room with a comfortable bed and effective air conditioning. Very good continental breakfast. Pleasant location in a quiet South Kensington residential neighborhood, with a Tesco just around the corner,and good restaurants within walking distance.Cons: The young staff, while almost unfailingly eager to be helpful (the exception: when our room was without hot water for an evening and a morning, the folks behind the front desk were only mildly apologetic) , is inexperienced and inadequately supervised. A number of them struggle with English. Bottom line: I'd stay there again.	
Jul 23 2007 	Impressive	Stayed here 2 nights &amp; thoroughly enjoyed it. Staff very helpful &amp; rooms VERY clean. Bedding, carpeting, towels, etc all high quality. Air conditioning not working in our room when we stayed but they were very accomodating. Offered to move us to a nicer room, but we couldn't as our daughter was already sleeping and we were settled in the room. So they took off 40 pounds per night for us. We were very happy with that. Loads of restaurants close by &amp; hotel is situated among nice homes. Would stay again if we could.	
Jul 18 2007	nice tidy place	Nice, tidy hotel. I stayed in an executive room and there was plenty of space. The bathroom was up six steps which really set it apart and made it feel 'executive' - having said that, the use of space in the bathroom is fairly rubbish - i'm sure for an executive room they could have put in a more luxurious bath, or at least a walk in shower as well as the bath.The bed was huge - no idea what size it was, either a big King sized bed, or perhaps emperor sized, but it was one of the best beds i've ever slept in!The air conditioning was a great bonus too.I didn't start my stay in the parkcity off on a good note when i turned up at about 11am really tired from my flight - although i knew a room wouldn't by ready, i asked about it and was told that it would be done soon. I returned a couple of hours later and it still wasn't done. Finally, after sitting in the bar for an hour my room was ready. This wasn't really anyone's fault, but it did mean my stay started on the wrong foot.The restaurant isn't worth visiting - its quite expensive and the food isn't very good, the portions are small, and the atmosphere is really depressing because your more than likely to be the only people there. It'll be the most awkward meal of your life. Honestly, believe on this, or by all means, if awkward, deathly quiet meals in empty restaurants are your thing then go nuts!The 24-hour sainsbury's round the corner is really handy for any late night snacks or anything you might want.Another word of advise - if you don't want someone knocking on your door for a good couple minutes in the morning with a newspaper then hang the 'do not disturb' sign up!	
Jul 17 2007	nice hotel but hot and stuffy	Nice enough hotel but rather hot and stuffy. No possibility to open the windows wide.	
Jul 17 2007 	very good stay at an affordable price	I stayed at the Parkcity hotel on a Saturday night and the hotel was very good for the room rate which was 99 pounds. You get an average sized room with separate bathroom with excellent Molton Brown toiletries, flat scren tv with free movies, Bose stereo and a very nice breakfast room although the price of the breakfast was extra. The staff were very helpful and the food was very nice aswell ,eggs and bacon for me, pancakes and maple syrup for the mrs. I couldnt complain about anything it is in a good location just round the corner from the natural history museums and 20 mins walk from Knightsbridge. The person who wrote he expected to stay in the best hotel in London is deluding himself - at 99 pounds you dont expect the best hotel in london but what you do get is a very clean well priced hotel with good facilities and if you stay at the weekend the parking outside is ample i would stay again for sure.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great hotel	We stayed at the Parkcity for one night for my husbands 40th birthday. We had a lovely time. The hotel is exceptionally clean and of a very high standard. We could not fault this hotel and the price booked with the hotel was very reasonable.Anyone staying here would not be dissapointed. Fantastic service!	
Jul 14 2007 	Great for anniverasry	Booked as this hotel as highly recommended on trip advisor, was not disappointed. Hotel provided a bottle of wine in room for our anniversary. Room very clean and moden, molton brown please wife. Delux room not as big as expected, but it was OK. Book early on hotel website for best rates, add breakfast for only £10 and get it delivered to your room for no extra cost - fantastic! Give the restruant a miss, we were the only customers in it, over priced - but staff tried hard and had free champaine.	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic stay at this hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for a week in late June and we were very impressed. Great hotel staff, large comfortable room and a central location. My husband was on a business trip and I would recommend it for business travelers. Internet is available in-room, laundry services are avail (we used this and it was great), also they drop the morning paper for you everyday. The room was kept extremely clean and fresh bottles of water were left for us. They use high-quality Molton Brown products and leave you shampoo &amp; conditioner - the latter is usually not provided! :) There are restaurants, a pharmacy, Starbucks and a Tube stop within a short walk.I'm confident in recommending this hotel!	
Jul 13 2007 	No where near 5 Star	I have read the reviews on here and maybe it is this which soiled my visit, because I thought I was staying at the best hotel in London. Well if it is then London has a real problem. This is no where near a 5 star as this site suggests. It is okay, but nothing more than that. It is clean but very basic, Last night as I tried to sleep I had the pleasure of listening to the couple next door really enjoy themselves for 2 hours. Real in-house entertainment !The staff are okay but nothing more than a good 3 star level, the restaurant is okay but again, and even the reviews on here talk about better outside, so the restaurant can only be rated as good 3 star.The rooms are clean, which comes from the fact it appears new, but not indulgant, not 5, or even 4 star. Simple and clean rather than luxury. Okay so maybe it is just me, but this hotels seems to be over rated and on this site it is.Good but no cigar	
Jul 12 2007 	Good but not great	My stay at the ParkCity got off to a bad start because my room wasn't ready when I arrived mid-afternoon. They promised me it would be ready in an hour so I went a for a walk and came back an hour and a half later. The room still wasn't ready and the staff at reception didn't seem particularly bothered, nor did they appear to speak particularly good English.Once I got into my room things looked up. The room itself was rather small but was very well appointed, with lovely decor, a 26&quot; LCD TV, Bose hifi and one of the best showers I've ever seen in a hotel. The only downside was the small size of the room and the small closet space.Service was also good - my breakfast was delivered at exactly the times requested and the portions were huge and when I returned each evening my bed had been turned down and a chocolate left on my pillow.The ParkCity is a good hotel and apart from the problems checking in I was very satisfied with it. However, this is not a cheap hotel. The standard room rates are expensive and every other service incurs an extra charge. For a hotel as expensive as this I would expect a better level of service and, dare I say it, some British staff. Without exception the staff I spoke to were young and spoke English as a second language, often not very well.If they could sort the service level out I would happily give the ParkCity 4 stars.	
Jul 10 2007 	great hotel	This hotel was a great price relatively, the staff was excellent , the rooms were big with great bathrooms. very easy to take taxis, or the bus and underground from. would recommend this hotel to anyone	
Jul 10 2007 	Great for a Group	There have been so many wonderful reviews of The Parkcity that I will not reiterate all the good features here (like closeness to the Earl's Court underground station, comfortable beds, friendly staff, etc.). For this review, I do want to bring to Trip Advisor's attention the availability of two 3-bedroom, 3-bath suites at The Parkcity which are terrific for groups of friends or family.My group of 6 friends, all celebrating a big birthday, stayed at one of the 3-bedroom suites the last week in June. It was perfect! The suite also contained a full kitchen, dining room, living room, additional powder room, and terrace (although, unfortunately, the wet weather did not allow use of the terrace). Having the kitchen and dining room was wonderful for casual breakfasts together, where our group of friends could plan our day. The living room was especially nice for wine in the evening. It was all totally lovely and comfortable. The only &quot;nit-pick&quot; is that the showers in the bedrooms (separate showers from the large tubs) could use a toiletry shelf.A particularly good feature of the hotel is the friendly and competent front-desk staff (especially Richard!) and concierge. Honestly, you could not ask for a better staff.The Parkcity is a great hotel, as many other Trip Advisor readers have stated, and everyone should know that it is especially good for a group.	
Jul 4 2007 	Even BETTER than the reviews!	In May, I stayed at the Parkcity for nine days. When I arrived at the hotel from Heathrow at 8AM, the staff told me apologetically that the only room that was made up and ready for occupancy was a small one but that because my stay was lengthy, they preferred to put me in a larger room. I accepted their offer to go to the smaller room for a nap, and then have their staff move me to the larger room. During my stay, I returned to the hotel in the evening to find the bed turned down, and often either savoury munchies or chocolates as a special treat. These are examples of the the kind of personalised service and dedicated problem-solving that are common at the Parkcity.The hotel has all the modern amenities, the concierges were excellent, and the proximity of the 24-hour Sainsbury's and the service-wash laundry were most welcome. And there's a terrific French cafe a couple of blocks away that serves killer breakfasts.I can't convey how much I enjoyed the stay, and how good a value the Parkcity was.	
Jun 27 2007	Thank you Parkcity!	Please DON'T stay here because if you do you'll want to tell all your friends and I won't be able to get a room when I need it! I wanted to follow the advice of the other rave reviewers and stay here on the first leg of my trip but I was overruled by my travel partner. On the return from Dublin I was only able to book one night and was so glad I did. This is where I will stay (hopefully) the next time I return to London. They just do everything right. And DON&quot;T forget to enjoy the piano bar if you're lucky enough to be there on a night he plays. Simply perfect.	
Jun 26 2007 	A great experience in the UK!	My wife and I stayed at The ParkCity from June 17 to the 23rd after a two week cruise in the Greek Isles. We had lot's of luggage so we arranged for airport pickup through the hotel. If you are young ( I recently retired) and have 1 bag you could walk from the Earl's Court tube station. Its 10 to 15 minutes away on bumpy sidewalks. By the way you walk right past the Best Western Premier Shaftesbury on the way the The ParkCity.I booked this hotel based entirely on trip advisor and was not disappointed. We upgraded to the Executive room. It was large with a little sitting area and a refrigerator. All fixtures appeared new. The bathroom is set off by itself up about 6 stairs and is huge. The shower was the best I have experienced in a hotel. Read the other reviews for additional details about the hotel.The location was perfect for us. Its on a quiet side street but not isolated from necessities. There were many pubs , restaurants and even a wine/liquor store within a 5 minute walk. We walked to dinner every night ( try Il Portico for great Italian and India Garden) and walked to the tube for all our tourist trips. We only used the taxi to/from the airport.The staff were exceptional. The front desk folks were attentive and reasonable. When the Internet access in my room failed they gave me free access to the Internet in the business center. No hassle, just a quick fix to a small problem.The concierge was also great. He had excellent restaurant ( breakfast and dinner) recomendations and was a great help in planning out our day trips.The housekeeping staff was also good. We had a small problem where our room was not made up when we returned at 4 PM ( a new staff who started the day before). It was fixed within 5 minutes and the housekeeping managed personally helped redo the room!Two small complaints which are easily resolved. Breakfast is about $30 per person and is nothing special, so just eat out at many of the numerous sidewalk cafes! The hotel bar is a small room with no draft beer but there are several great pubs within walking distance ( the consierge has a booklet titled &quot;Great Pubs of London&quot;).This is my new home in London and I am going to let all my traveling retired friends aware of the exceptional value.	
Jun 23 2007 	A Real Find	We just spent four nights at the Parkcity and loved every minute of it. It was all good with one (very minor) exception - no coffee in the rooms.That said, we arrived early and our room was not yet ready. We asked if there were any &quot;ready&quot; upgraded rooms and after checking for a bit, we were upgraded for a trivial difference in price (only chargedthe first night) to a very large (and not just by London standards) Executive King room. It was spotless, it was new, modern, had a king sized bed, and it even had a bit of a view AND is was oh so quiet on a residential street away from the madness of London traffic.. All this a couple of blocks from major tube stops, 15 minutes from Hyde Park and Kennsington High Street. (2 minutes from Cromwell), 10 minutes from the Victoria and Albert Museums, etc.And the staff was just about as good as they could be. Knowledgeable,helpful, engaged and interested with a real service orientation and just plain nice people.So, it is all true about the Parkcity - and it is, for London, reallygreat value for the price.It will from this point forward be our hotel when we are in London.	
Jun 20 2007	Fantastic Hotel - would surely stay again	Loved this hotel. Without reiterating what the other reviewers said about it, I will point out a couple of things that stood out to us: We stayed here one night at the beginning of our trip and then two nights about a week and a half later on the tail end. When we arrived the second time, the front desk manager (Sasha) immediately recognized us, said &quot;welcome back&quot; and didn't even need to ask for our name when we checked in. This was a nice personal touch that we really appreciated. Ziad (sp?), the bell desk manager was also really helpful. When we were heading out for dinner, the staff had some great recommendations which turned out to be great. We had indian food in mind so they took the time to look up several options and even gave us price ranges. We felt that they genuinely cared about our stay in London and were glad to assist us in every detail. I'd LOVE to stay here again.	
