Nov 17 2009 	Just Alright.	My first time staying here last year was just dandy. It was just a nice 15 min walk from the tube station (Earls Court). No elevators. Just stairs. No frills. Just a room and tiny bathroom. The twin room is more spacious, so if you need a lot of stretching room, it's probably best to fork out more cash for more comfort.This time's stay was slightly different. I came from Paris/Bristol/Bath trip and had a suitcase plus carry-on. Unfortunately, by the time i checked in, it was late and all i got was a room all the way on the top floor through a small narrow flight of stairs. I wouldn't have minded if i had a nice duffle bag, but i had a lot of baggage. I decided to pack an overnite bag and store my suitcase w/them until the next day because they offered to switch my room in the morning when people check out. That was so very nice of her. The new room was 2 short flights down, but the problem was that the shower was missing a cap on the drain. There was a hole in the ground i was showering and with the tight space, you had to be careful where you stepped.All in all, not bad for the price and neighborhood. It's convenient to a lot of stores around (TESCO).	
Nov 7 2009	I would return but I would specify and demand for a room that has air-conditioning	After reading many reviews here and elsewhere, I was apprehensive. What really worried me was the ventilation and air-conditioning. Naturally I asked the manager not to put me at the 3rd floor because it had the most complaints. I was assured all were fixed - well it wasn't and they put me where else the 3rd floor! The 1st night, AC went off at 6am. The 2nd night was the worst, AC blowed hot air at from 10pm and by 1am it was unbearable. The staff on duty said we could not change our room as all rooms were full and provided us with 2 fans. We had to leave our door open by about 5 cm to have at least some fresh air with our luggages blocking the door. It was not safe! But we had no choice!!The next morning, we packed our bags and left our luggages at reception so that they can move us to another room as soon as the other guests checked out. I wasted an hour packing and was so tired as we didn't get much sleep. The rest of the 6 nights were good stays. We had the room on the 2nd floor. There were 2 nights the air con was lowered down and I went downstairs to complain and was told that other guests complained it was too cold. Well, EasyHotel tell them to put on a sweather! AC up is better than having it down! Besides the two bad nights, rooms are clean and showers had hot showers and good steady water output. Although situated on a main road, the room's window were sealed so was very quiet and you can get a good night sleep. I liked where the hotel is situated just 3 minutes walk to Tesco and good cheap food along the road to the Earl's court tube. It is quite a distance to walk to the Tube but with a day pass you can take the bus and get off to take the Tube. There's a direct bus C1 that takes you to the stop to take the Easybus to the airport. Only downside besides the AC is I stayed here for a total of 8 nights, a split stay of 5 nights and 3 nights. For the 2nd split there's one lady staff so sticky with the check in policy that she didn't allow us to check in 45 minutes earlier. After putting me through the trauma of warm hot nights which thankfully I didn't get sick! and I stayed there 8 nights, I think they could be more flexible to certain guests. The Hotel Manager, Daiva was apologetic on the room heat and managed to get a more suitable room to to make up for it. Overall, I would stay here again because it is value for money and quiet. I'll just make sure I get the same room I stayed and avoid the 3rd floor.	
Oct 24 2009 	Ok for 1 night	Stayed here for 4 nights back in October 2008. First of all it is in a great location. About an 8 minute walk to the Tube station and very close to everything you could need. The price is great as well - 25 pounds a night in London is almost unheard of. However the rooms are tiny. I new this before I left but it was still a shock. You are literally surrounded by 3 walls when you are lying in bed. It is not a place you can relax in. The only time you would want to be in the hotel is to sleep for the night. I know a lot of people say that you are in London and you won't be spening any time in your room but after a long day out taking in the sights of London it is nice to have a place to rest before you go out for the evening - in this hotel you can't really do this. The rooms are clean but if you want anymore cleaning done during your stay you need to pay for it and after 4 nights the rooms can get a little bit grubby. You also only get 1 set of towels. I would recommend this hotel as a cheap place to rest your head but I would not recommend a stay of more than 1 or 2 nights, its just not worth it.	
Oct 23 2009 	Really do get what you pay for!	I stayed here with my best friend for my 19th birthday. For two students, it is a very good price but it is really really small! Our room consisted of the bathroom which was bright orange and so tiny and a double bed, there wasn't much more room to move but we weren't in our room very long so it didn't really matter. We were on the very lowest level which wasn't very good view-wise or getting suitcases down the stairs and like other people have said you can hear everyone else! It's good if you just want somewhere to sleep and stuff in London but if you were going to be in your room alot I wouldn't recommend it. Also it's quite a walk from the tube station which is alright during the day but when it's the night and you're wearing heels it's not all that great!	
Oct 20 2009 	DIRTY...but cheap and good location.	Great location (10-minute walk to major Tube stop and near many restaurants and pubs), great price (we paid 40 pounds per night for a &quot;window&quot; room), and nice staff. BUT the hotel WAS dirty. Black stains on the blanket (no sheets, by the way...just a washable blanket), light switch had some sort of goop on it, sink was plugged, walls were dusty/dirty. The bathroom did seem clean though. The rooms are very small, but that didn't really bother me. Even though I chose the smallest of the available rooms (you can pay more for a slightly larger room), I could still fit my suitcase on the floor while standing in the room. The shower was so small that the curtain kept sticking to my body, which was gross.IMPORTANT: If you need a budget hotel and decide to star here, CALL AND RESERVE A ROOM ON A LOWER FLOOR! The staircase is very narrow, and hauling luggage up them is exhausting. They said our room was on &quot;floor two&quot;...HA!...we hiked at least 6 flights of stairs while noticing how rooms numbered in the 200s were on 4 consecutive levels...I little dishonest, if you ask me. NOTE: -As I'm sure you've already read, you pay for EVERY extra, including 5 pounds for one hour of Internet -- go to an Internet cafe (they are all over the city) and you'll pay FAR less for faster Internet.-EasyHotel Kensington is a slightly better location as it is on the Circle Line (easier access to main sites of London)-They charge your card at booking (i.e. at the reservation website) so be sure to use the right card.	
Oct 15 2009 	Easy Hotel was a great choice!	If you are just looking for a clean, safe place to stay in London, Easy Hotel Earl's Court is a great choice. The rooms and bathrooms are incredibly small with no windows, but it was perfect for us. We wanted to visit London but didn't want to have to break the bank to do it and Easy Hotel was a great price in a good area. The room had just been cleaned when we arrived and was immaculate. Our only complaint was that it was really cold in the room. It's located not too far from the tube station and was easy to walk to. There are a lot of restaurants and a small grocery store, Sainsburys, on the way to the tube. If you are planning on sightseeing all day and just need a place to lay your head, Easy Hotel is great!	
Oct 6 2009 	I know they say you get what you pay for but...	From the half hour journey it took to find the &quot;big name&quot; budget hotel with incorrect directions from the Earl's Court tube staff to the TWENTY MINUTE saga of getting directions to the nearest 328 bus stop this was a very unpleasant stay. And despite the fact that anything &quot;extra&quot; costs, I was lucky enough to bring home some bed bugs - the first of which revealed itself crawling from my belongings during a meeting the next day! And to think I chose this location over Paddington because someone wrote on Trip Advisor about there being bed bugs at that branch. Hey ho - that was a first and categoric last for me!	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent Choice for Budget Hotel	Stay there for 8 nights, 3 mins walk to Tube station, with all 3 major supermarkets, a numbers of decent restaurants.We booked a twin room w window, room was very clean with decent pillows, bedsheet and blanket, but go for the larger room size as far as possible, the washroom is rather small too. No fridge or writing table, but power wall sockets, hot shower available. Air-conditioning and circulation is decent enough, but may feel stuffy during summer afternoon. Don't expect amenities like gyms or swimming pool, but coffee vending machine available.You got to pay extra if you want TV, room cleaning, extra tower etc. But for basic accommodation needs, this is a perfect for budget constraint travellers. We definitely go back to this hotel chain for London.	
Sep 23 2009 	Everything as described and booked	We stayed at EasyHotel Earls Court for 6 nights in a standard room with no window. The aircondition was ok, although a little bit cool, but we knew that the staff couldn't regulate the aircondition.We got a ground floor room, so we didn't cared about the missing elevator. The walls weren't that thick, sometimes we could hear people walking on the stairs, but it was ok.The room was very clean, the bed comfortable. Our room was bigger than described, but our friends who booked the same room size, got a much smaller one. So this depends on the availability. We were really satisfied because we had enough space for 2 big suitcases, and the bathroom was also big enough. There are no extras in the room - you get one towel per person, a shampoo/shower gel, and we got an additional foot towel. There were 2 hooks at the wall - nothing more. There could have been some more, but thats ok. You don't have any desks or something like that - so we had to live out of the suitcase.It takes about 5-10 minutes to the tubestation Earls Court. In 5 minutes you can get to a 24-hour Tesco supermarket (really cool and big one ^.^) and there are many restaurants on the way to the tube stations. We would recommend this hotel for young people, because everything is as described, but very budget.	
Sep 16 2009 	A good deal--if you don't need to sleep.	easyHotel Earl's Court is located well--it's only about a 5 minute walk to the tube station. There are quite a few restaurants and pubs surrounding the tube station along with several grocery stores including a large Tesco Market. The price was reasonable--that is for London. The hotel was clean and the room comfortable. Some of the add on prices such as WiFi were rather steep--but, hey--that's how they keep the base room prices down. I have two complaints, and both turned out to a big problem. First the air-conditioning was very cold with no way to adjust it at all. I complained to the reception desk and was told that it couldn't be changed. The other problem was that when the lights were turned off the ceiling light still had a small green light that stayed lit all night--it seems to me like a laser beam aimed at my eyes. When I asked at the reception about the green light, I was told that nothing could be done. Needless to say between the cold and the green laser beam I slept very little for the three days I was in London. I found a sleeping mask at Harrod's and it helped a bit--but for me, it bothered me to sleep with it on. Maybe try a different easyHotel in London for a better experience.	
Sep 9 2009 	Friendly clean safe value accommodation	I am currently staying at the easy hotel in earls court and I'm pleased recommend that the hotel is perfect. I am here for seven nights and have had a pleasant time so far. Having read the reviews on here I didn't know what to think but now I'm here I am happy. Check-in was very smooth. Finding The hotel cannot be easier. I booked a small room with no window. It is what it says it is, but it does the job very well. I ordered the tv for the week too (highly recommended). As I am here for 7 nights they have given me a complimentary clean (change of linen and towels). The room is small, but very cozy. Good lighting and good ventalation in the room. The bathroom was clean and came with a hand wash dispenser. Bath towel and floor towel provided. The shower is powerful and hot water is available all the time. There are 2 hooks to hang up your clothes but there is space at the front of the bed to live out of your suitcase (not as bad as it sounds). Bed linen is very clean and soft. The mattress is great too. Pillows are comfortable as well. All in all I can't fault this place. For the money, you get clean, safe, secure accommodation. I was put in a room with an additional door to reduce noise. There has been no noise to report at all. The security at night is very good. The security guard patrols the front making sure there are no non-residents around the premises. I highly reccomend this place and I'm already planning my next stay.	
Sep 4 2009 	Easy Hotel.....not so Easy	Easy Hotel....not so easy. Our room number was 311 supposedly on the third floor. If it was on the third floor, why did we have to walk 5 flights of stairs?? A very difficult task if you carry big luggage. Be careful, the last flight is very very steep. Not so easy. Nothing is free in this hotel. You get what you pay for. If you want internet...you pay more. More towels...you pay more. Room service...you pay more. TV....you pay more. I can't really complain because it is quite cheap, so you really do get what you pay for. But buyer beware, the rooms are teeny tiny. There is no closet, so you have to keep your baggage by your bed. Keep in mind, if you have ANY sort of luggage, big or small, you WILL be tripping over them, trying to manuever your way around the room. The room is so small a &quot;little person&quot; will find it uncomfortable. The bathrooms are exceptionally tiny that you should plan on taking a shower with the toilet since about a foot separates the two. When I booked this room, I figured, why would I need a nice hotel since I'm only planning on sleeping in it...wrong! I could barely even do that in such cramped space.	
Sep 4 2009	Cheap but clean convenient	I stayed here in July 2009 for 3 nights with my Mum. We got the room cheap by booking early, I think 47 pounds per night which was reasonable given what you could pay for other hotels which are terrible. Like others say its extremely close to Earls Court tube which is great, you can get anywhere from there. Also on Earls Court Rd, the road which the station is on, is a supermarket, laundromat, restaurants etc. Its very convenient. We had a twin room with window. Given the pictures from some of the double rooms, I would recommend booking a twin room, at least you get more space! The bathrooms are tiny, its true. You pay extra for towels, luggage storage, tv all that. But for sleeping at the end of the day, I thought it was fantastic value for money and london is so expensive! We had room 121 and luckily it was only up one set of stairs, my bag was really heavy and there is no lift. The bed was very comfy and most of all it was clean.	
Aug 29 2009 	Tiny but clean comfortable cheap and practical	If you don’t mind small spaces and is traveling on a budget, that’s the place to go. The room is very clean, the air conditioning works fine and the bed is very comfortable, really a place only to sleep when you are sightseeing all day long. We spent 6 days there. The easy hotel in Earl’s Court was about 6min walking to Earl’s Court underground station and very near a big 24-hour supermarket. The concept of easyhotel is like the concept of cheap flying (it is a company of Easy Jet airlines). There is nothing but the essential in the room. The bathroom is hardly enough for one, but the shower is good and the flush works perfectly. The room is small and has no furniture but the bed. Everything is charged (to use the TV, to get another towel, to have an adaptor, to use the Internet, to have the room cleaned, to store your luggage). There is no bar or any kind of service a the hotel. We hadn’t booked before, and therefore paid a higher price, 60 pounds a day. We were told that if you book really early you can get incredible prices. Even so, we found 60 pounds just great, as the other hotel we’d seen were much more expensive, or cheaper but horrible (there are several very dirty and old hotels in London). Some rooms can be really tiny and they have no windows. Ours was a “medium” one and had windows, although you can’t open them. They also have bigger rooms for people with special needs, but they cost more, too. We spent one night in one of those, as we didn’t have a reservation for all the days.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great price cramped rooms	This is a hotel for the budget traveller who cares for a clean and up to date style accomodation but does not care about luxuries as hair dryer and elevator ;DThe hotel is ideally situated 5 minutes from the Earls Court Underground station and restaurants. There are also several grocery stores close by. We had a room facing the garden. The ones facing Cromwell Rd were probably disturbed by the traffic, but ours was really quiet!The accomodation itself is minimal: The small room was clean and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom is super tiny but never the less well working.If you want the remote controle for the TV it costs extra. Also, room cleaning costs extra. However, if you are in London, you are probably not going to spend much time at the hote anyway.All in all, I can recommend this hotel; not for my aged parents since there is no elevator, but for people who wants a cheap and clean accomodation in central London!There is no breakfast, but many places around the underground station to get either a full breakfast or a fast snack.	
Aug 25 2009 	easyHotel London @ Earl's Court	I have flown on easyJet in the past and have been intrigued with their hotel branches. Based on the hotel's location in relation to the Tube and the line we take from Heathrow, it was a logical choice. I do wish the directions were more clear to the actual hotel. Perhaps &quot;walk westward from the Earl's Court tube station, turn left on Cornwall street (approx 60 meters from the intersection), and look for the orange flag.&quot; I thought everything was well-apointed and clean. I do wish the beverage machine was working though. Comfortable bed with a tiny bathroom. It would be better if you keep the room as a single. I like that there is a lot of places to eat nearby, I recommend Addie's Thai Restaurant. I also like that there is a Sainbury nearby.	
Aug 22 2009 	cheap stay in central	We stayed here for 4 nights. The room itself is no-frilled and you have to pay for the tv and cleaning. However, for its low price, it is still cheaper than other hotel. Hotel is 10 mins away from tube station, and some buses go to marble arch.	
Aug 8 2009 	Good location but really really small room!	spent 4 nights in this hotel. was it bearable? well, i guess it is IF you are the sort that spend most of your time outside hotels (eating, visiting, drinking, etc). If you are the sort that prefers to spend some time in hotels resting, then avoid this at all cost. my fiancee and i were the former, so i guess it was ok. anyway, check-in was usual, staff was polite. we check-in early around 10:30am (usual time is 3pm) and we paid gbp15 cash for the early check-in. we got the small room without window (reason being we read here in trip advisor, that the windows cant be open anyway). mind you, we stayed in a standard room before, and there is a big (pun intended) difference between an easyhotel small and standard room. and dont believe them when easyhotel says they have a &quot;cooling and well air ventilation system&quot; as this is sooo wrong! it is very hot at times, so ask for a fan! no extra charge in that though.and do keep in mind that easyhotel charges an additional gbp2 credit card charge when book online and i find this is unprofessional and annoying for guests.	
Jul 22 2009 	Even smaller than expected	I visited this hotel with some friend for a trip, stayed two nights. We booked the most basic rooms and really: they are basic. I don't want to whine, because we knew it's a very basic hotel, but OMG, this was really ehm.. an experience :) The rooms are so small, there's no place to put your luggage (and we only had HAND luggage, not even a suitcase or anything). The things that bothered me the most: the beds are really very small for two persons, there is no vertilation, so it gets quite nasty after one night, there is no space for two persons to stand in the room at the same time (so one person has to sit on the bed while the other person stands). The bathroom is prefab, so you actually shower in you toilet as is normal with prefab bathrooms. Hot water was good. Service was poor: very unkind people. Extra towel was no problem. It is smaller than it looks on the pictures: it was even so small that I couldn't make a good picture of how small it is. Never go here with a loved one! Me and my friends had a good laugh about it, because it was hysterically funny how small the rooms were. The lack of fresh air was my main problem, you can't properly sleep without fresh air. Next time, we'll go to Travelodge: also cheap, but much better. Positive: it was clean.	
Jul 19 2009 	Do not live on the third floor! Terrible!	Ever since the founding of Easyhotel, I've always ALWAYS wanted to stay in one! I love the concept behind the the hotel, and was more than willing to give it a shot. Naturally, I understood how small the room was going to be and how simple it was. That was not the problem. I selected the smallest room - &quot;small room with no window&quot; for a very low price in the middle of the summer (book early guys!). Just a heads up - this hotel has no elevator. So if you were to live on the high floor, like I did, with a HUGE luggage, it was kind of a pain to lug it up. Anyway, that's not why I'm complaining - it was my fault for not noticing the lack of an elevator. So when I got into the room, hey! it's clean and small just as promised! The sheets looked fluffy, the bathroom and the room was very bright, and I had very clean towels! Great! the small room, though, is seriously REALLY small - the &quot;hallway&quot; standing room really just fits you + luggage. in fact, if you put everything on the floor, then you would need to move your things around in order to open the door. also, the lack of windows can be kind of suffocating after a while (i stayed for five nights), especially not knowing whether the sun has risen or set, it's kind of confusing. but might be good for some people.However - immediately after, I started to feel this terrible heat in the room. The room was extremely hot, warm, and stuffy! I looked around for an air conditioning vent, and there was basically this little hole on the ceiling shooting out AIR. Yes, it was definitely NOT air conditioning, but like air, which comes out of a fan... i was sweating, feeling a headache. Then i read the little pamphlet they gave us, saying the front desk is NOT capable of adjusting temperatures in the rooms.... Unhappy, the next day I went downstairs to ask - &quot;so, can you guys really not change the temperature?&quot; they said - &quot;yes we can actually, where do you live&quot; - &quot;i live on the third floor&quot; - &quot;ah, i'm sorry. we cannot change the temperature on the third floor... here you can take this fan....&quot; .............................. given the staff was VERY nice and they basically did all they would to help me. they even told me to come back tomorrow morning to see if i can change a room (the fan turned out to be good enough for me... though still a bit uncomfortable). so... what bothers me is that they clearly KNOW about the air con problem on the third floor, yet they do nothing to fix it. just like the other guest who has reviewed earlier, they clearly haven't fixed this problem at all! terrible! i expected a small but COMFORTABLE room... not something that made me sweat at night and made me have to take a cold shower in order to sleep..... i expected more. also, there were some black stains on my bedsheets, a tad dirty. it looks washed, but it was a bit dirty looking. not a big deal. the bed was very nice and comfy though :) but the heat was just unbearable, i felt like i was in the tropics. no joke. (and i grew up in taiwan)one piece of advice:there is one good thing about easy hotel. though they make you pay for everything, the one way to look at this is that you are allowed to opt-OUT of everything. in regular hotels, the price includes everything. even if you don't watch tv, don't want your bed/towels changed everyday, dont need to store luggage after you check out, or don't want free wifi, you end up paying for it anyway. however at easy hotel, you don't have to pay for any of that. you really just pay for a bed and a bathroom. in a way, that's what's good about easy hotel. but if you do expect all of the above functions at the easy hotel, then the extra amount you pay will probably add up to the cost of a regular hotel. so you should figure out what kind of traveler you are, then decide to stay here. if i were to stay at an easy hotel again, i think i'd definitely make sure to call ahead, check for AC problems and reserve a floor to live on - and finally, they should provide free wifi - that'd be a great plus... it's not that expensive of an investment. also, it'll be great if the showers floors were built deeper into the bathroom floors, so the water wouldn't spill out so much. so based on my experience this time, i would not live here again. although i might, if i were to get a bigger room with air conditioning.	
Jul 11 2009 	Never returned	I had a 2 night stay at this place. My friend and I had two 29&quot; luggage cases. Well.....we needed to carry the 2 luggage cases up to the attics to the toppest floor! A room in the lower floor couldn't be arranged. And when I reached the room, it's clearly no air-conditioning! The reception just 'helped' to give us a fan. 'Thanks so much' and indeed both of us like sleeping in a sauna room. It is really a terrible experience and I would never ever forget the HEAT in this london hotel!	
Jul 8 2009 	What you see is what you get	Stayed here the first weekend in July 2009 to see Take That at Wembley. With not having visited London before, the journey to the hotel was a bit of a nightmare. I researched the reviews before going and some people said its a 5minute walk from Harrods, which isnt the case. We didn't realise you could get on a tube as easy as you actually can.. so we walked all the way from Oxford St to this hotel, which, when the sun is beaming down and you have heavy bags, isn't advisable! I was very annoyed by the end because we had passed Harrods, passed the National History Museum (which was also close by), and Cromwell Rd (the rd that its on) seemed to be going on forever. Finally (when my feet had literally given up on me), I saw a little orange and white flag in the distance, which I instantly knew was the hotel. After this little episode we found out how the trains work, and how Earls Court tube station is only 5 mins walk away. Upon arrival I had to fill a quick form out with a few details, then it was up to our room. I had read so many things on the size of the room, so I knew pretty much what to expect. In fact I thought it was a little big bigger than I had imagined! We had a bog standard room with no window (I wasnt prepared to pay for daylight!), and there was actually more floor space than I thought. This room isn't ideal if you are wanting to use London to go shopping for a few days, because there really isn't enough room for all your bags! Luckily theres a little room under the bed, that I used to slip shoes under when we were in our hotel, just to get some more floor space. The bathroom is tiny, but again, ideal if you are only sleeping and showering in there. The interior is a bright orange, and everything is made out of a plastic material. It reminded me of a cheap cruise cabin. The shower isnt massive, and the bathroom does get a bit wet because there's only a slight dip from the bathroom floor level, to the shower floor. It wasn't really ideal for getting changed in after your shower, so I always opened the door. If you want some privacy getting changed, then you will be stood in the shower base whilst getting changed, but again, what do you expect for such a cheap price?The hotel room itself was very clean. Bright white sheets, and no random hairs in either the bed or the bathroom (that really does cringe me!). The only down side that I can think of is, me and my boyfriend had 1 kingsize towel between us, which had to last us 2 nights (i.e - 5/6 showers). I'm sure it states on the website that you have a towel each. Also, I found the bed (double) to dip in in the middle, so you find yourselves sinking towards each other (not good if you've had an argument!). The whole lighting thing was strange, in a morning, not knowing if it was 10am or 6am due to it being pitch black (thank god I had an alarm). I had to send my boyfriend down a few times to have a peak outside to see the weather. Next to the bed on the wall is a dimmer light which is very handy.I was also worried about it being really hot (being July and not having a window) but the air con was brilliant. Didn't really see much else of the hotel, i know there was a vending machine there, and an internet cafe that I walked past (think there was about 3/4 computers) but again, we were only in the hotel overnight then back out again first thing. If you come down the steps of the hotel and turn right, a few minutes walk and theres a Tesco, which is very handy!All in all, a good experience of EasyHotel. I don't see why people moan at the size because it states in black and white on the website the size of the rooms in inches/cm's, so it doesnt deserve to get moaned at. I could have stayed here a few more nights quite easily (without buying for myself though!.. Unless I wanted to store the bags in the bathroom!).	
Jul 7 2009 	Fine if you only want it as a place to sleep	We stayed at this hotel 3rd to 6th July 09. We arrived at just gone midnight due to a late arrival and we were checked in relatively quickly, albeit by a silent gentleman who's only words to me where 'fill this in please' and 'room 205, 2nd floor' however to be honest we'd been travelling since 7pm so I wasn't in the mood for cheery conversation anyway but I did feel it wasn't particularly welcoming. We weren't advised of the tea/coffee facilities or internet etc which would have been nice.We had booked a small room without window as it was a trip to London on a small budget. The room was very small and temperatures were a bit of a pain but it was a very hot weekend and it would probably be ok in normal conditions and to be fair on our 2nd night it did seem cooler as though they had changed the temperatures.Location is quite good, only 7-10 minute walk to the tube station (either entrance) but beware the traffic! The roads are very busy and it can take a long time to cross the road. Good selection of places to eat around Earls Court, we tried a chinese restaurant called no 10, it's a very small place down an alley way and was empty when we went in which was a slight concern but the food was very nice and service was fantastic. We also ate at an Italian which was on Old Brompton Road called Dal'artista - the host is called Salvo, a cheery italian bloke who funnily enough used to live only a few miles from me in the 1970's! It was a bit of a loud place but pizza's were lovely.Overall I would recommend this hotel as long as you purely want it for a place to sleep as it is quite literally a room with a bed and a cubby hole with a loo and a shower - which is what I expected to be fair however my biggest struggle was trying to relax for an hour before going back out for our evening meal - I missed my tv and tea and coffee making facilities in the room and that's the only thing that put me off really, although we did purchase a remote for £5 for 24 hours but as we only wanted it for the hour or so that we were relaxing before heading back out it was a bit of a rip off and I have mentioned this to easyhotel in a survey. The only other suggestion I'd give is make sure you have an alarm clock with you, due to the fact there is no window you have no idea of what time it is without looking at a phone or clock (and as there is no bedside table and I was laid next to the wall mine wasn't too hand!). 3am and 9am look exactly the same in the rooms without windows! The room was pretty clean and the hotel was kept clean and tidy. Good as a budget hotel but only suitable if you intend on being out of the hotel all day and most of the evening.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great Stay	My friend and I stayed at the easyHotel because we wanted somewhere to sleep and didn't want to spend an arm and a leg to do it. The easyHotel fulfilled that need. When I return to London I will seek out an easyHotel again. You have to go in knowing the rooms are small, but when you are in London the last thing you want to be is in your room so it works.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good value for money	As a North American everything in England seems expensive, but finally the easyhotel room seemed like good value for money. We had the standard room with no window and it was a bit strange having no natural light in the room, but it was really clean and I thought the cabin style bathroom was quite cute. I have stayed on sailboats and it reminded me of that--very compact, functional, does the job. I don't think I could spend too much time in that room; two nights tops, because you start to yearn for the sunlight. But it was fine for sleeping in overnight; if you have to spend a night in London and don't have much luggage, this is great. Definitely the cheapest way to be comfy, clean, and safe. I would go again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great Location. Not so great rooms	Although the hotel is very well located, after 2 nights it gets uncomfortable. The rooms are too small (stayed in a small room with window), there is no place to put the cloths and the climatization is not controllable on the room.I would prefer to save a little more money and stay somewhere else nearby( Premier Inn; Marriott, Holiday Inn).	
Jun 13 2009 	too many stairs but way too convenient 2 care	Cute hotel close to the Earls Court tube. We walked it and each had heavy luggage of about 45lbs and made it! Would recommend paying the extra $ for a window, but the non-window was not that bad, just had to walk outside the room every once and a while to see daylight. Great nights sleep because the room was truly pitch black! This hotel is a great value, we had two large sized non carry on luggage and we made them work in the room, very tight but doable. Would stay at an easy hotel chain again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Tiny but convenient	I stayed at Room 104 for 5 nights in May 2009. As expected, the room was very tiny and this has got to be the smallest hotel room I ever stayed. But considered staying in expensive London, I was thankful to pay 39 pounds for a tiny room with a window that came with an equally small toilet. The toilet looked fresh even though it reeked of disinfectant smell which took a day to go away. My bedroom faced the main road and it was a bit noisy to sleep at night. The plus side was the room was very well maintained and the location at about 7 minutes from the tube station made it ideal for getting around in London. Oh yes, I wasn’t too bothered by the bright orange colour décor of Easy Hotel. It exuded a bright and cheerful atmosphere. There were plenty of brochures containing information of the day trips. On one occasion, I asked the staff if it was possible for the hotel to arrange a Stonehenge tour on my behalf. To my disappointment, I had to contact the travel agent personally as the brochures were for &quot;information only&quot;.This aside, I enjoyed my stay in Easy Hotel and my friend who stayed with me for 1 night was impressed with the clean room no matter how cramped it might be. Certainly, Easy Hotel provides good value for travelers on a tight budget. I would certainly stay in this hotel again for my future trips in London.	
May 27 2009 	great room great value no complaints!	We stayed at this hotel for three nights in May. We had one of the tiny rooms with no window. The location was very good, a 5 mintue walk from the Earl's court tube station. The neighborhood was good, lots of restuarants, shops and grocery stores. The hotel was safe and clean. There is internet to use downstairs also, which was very handy. Yes, the rooms are tiny, but we paid 25 GBP a night, you can't beat that in London (for location, cleanliness, and your own bathroom). I don't think it's fair to give this hotel a negative review because of the cramped quarters. People, that is why the prices are so low. It's a place to rest your head at the end of the night (and the beds were comfy!). The website clearly states the sizes of the rooms....don't stay here if you need plenty of space to stretch out and lots of room for your stuff. But for those who are needing a clean, safe place in a good location for a great price, this is a great place to choose! We were very happy with it!	
May 26 2009 	Good location but little else	Prior to detailing the negative aspects of this establishment (I refrain from using the term 'hotel' for reasons I trust are made clear later), it is important that the plus-sides are mentioned. Firstly, the room was clean and the bathroom functional (provided you don't weigh 16 stone) and the service was of a reasonable standard. Also, the location was good, being only 15 mins from the West End and a few stops from the museums of Kensington.However, these few positives are vastly outnumbered by negative aspects. Upon arrival, my girlfriend and I were designated a room which was so small that whilst sitting on the toilet one could lean through the bathroom door and open the door to the corridor with ease. Furthermore, the room was so humid that it was not unlike spending the night in a sauna and this, coupled with the fact that we were only provided with one towel for the two of us and that a clothes hook was broken, resulted in a most uncomfortable stay.Overall, unless you enjoy staying in a cupboard where it's impossible to get undressed without knocking your partner out, spend the extra money and check-in somewhere else.	
May 18 2009 	Great great hotel with one downturn	We stayed here for three nights from 14-17 May. Everything else written in other reviews is true. Good location, quite nearby Tube station with many lines and frequent services to e.g. Victoria (10 min), Notting Hill (5 min) or Heathrow (40 min). Get off at Earls Court street which has many restaurants, shops etc. Tip: for good fully English breakfast head for Earls Court Tavern. Great spot! Small room (not even too ugly with some orange) but very clean with good shower. Just what we needed for a weekend! Safe rooms, with cardkeys and firedoors and fire equipment everywhere. Staff is very friendly, especially the nice man, called Arwin or so? The only problem was that our room was very warm the first two nights and only the manager is able/allowed to adjust temperature. We did book a room with a window, but this should be stated on the easyhotel website: in Earls Court hotel all windows can NOT be opened. We heard though that at South Kensington hotel they can be opened. Perhaps this is important for other travellers. But overall: great great hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Basic Clean Secure	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel in May 2009. Although extremely small, we found the hotel to be clean and safe. It provided us with a great place to rest our head at night but not much else. It was close to the Earl's Court tube station, had good restaurants close by, and a 24 hour Tesco grocery store which made the location ideal. Staff were extremely helpful whenever we had questions. If you have a lot of luggage traveling up the stairs would be extremely difficult. The internet was slow at times. Overall, we enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it!	
May 1 2009 	Perfect if you only need the bare minimum in your hotel during your stay	if you like a bit more - mirror (other than the one in the toilet), inclusive tv, kettle, hair dryer, desk/dressing table, etc - you will be disappointed. a lot.booked for a city break for five nights. for the money it was great in comparison to other hotels in london. could pay much more and get much less. was clean and functional. the standard room with a window offered plenty of room to store the bags but no place to store the clothes other than in the bag or on the floor, or the token coat hangers (which turned out to be pegs and not a proper hanger as shown in the images on website when booking). was a great location, max twenty minute walk to kensington or knightsbridge and the museums, tube five minute walkwould stay again for future trips if remains good value	
Apr 9 2009 	Great location great value for solo travelers...	The location is great, within walking distance from Earl's Court tube station, High Street Kensington and Hyde Park. Plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.The room (small/no window) was clean and just big enough for me and my stuff. If I were travelling with someone I think we would need more room.So my verdict is, great for single travellers, and even then for a few nights only. If you're with someone, spend the extra pounds and go somewhere roomier.	
Apr 2 2009 	Luxury hotel for backpacking not me	We booked a double bedroom with window, and a bit larger. No heating, no hair dryer, no water boiler, tiny room, no breakfeast... Fortunately, that's the last night of my trip. I stayed a couple of days in other hotel in Trebovir Street in Earl's Court. Discount is given for long stay when we booked through a budget hotel website. The cost was about 10-15 pounds more per day. Including the abovementioned, a much bigger room, remote control for TV, tea &amp; coffee in the room and 2 minutes walk from Earl's Court Station. When take into account of breakfeast, buying water, no hair dryer, remote for couples, 15 pounds a day extra will become attractive.	
Mar 27 2009 	good value. perfect for solo traveler.	first of all, the room is really small but clean. it is much much better than stay in a hostel if u have limited budget like me. i could hear some foot step at night but it wasn't that matter. 1 block walk to the superstore and 5 min walk to the tube station. no free wifi. if u want to use wifi in your room, it's pricy. overall is good. if you only need a place for sleep, i will highly recomment this place.	
Mar 19 2009 	Very Good Value with no regrets....	Rooms very clean. Hotel staff very helpful/answer all your questions. My room was one of the handicap rooms so it was spacious for me. Close to Tesco (supermarket), Wagamama (great Japanese restuarant), close to Earls Court tube station (within 4-5 min. walk), etc... Very good location and Safe location (esp. since I was a solo traveler). I was very pleased. I stayed there for five days and would stay there again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Clean but TOO SIMPLE	Don't expect anything but clean. It is a wooden house, you can hear other people talking. There is a window, but you can't open it. The air in the room get kinda ..... not fresh, air conditioning is not good enough... at least this is what I think. I don't really like the mattress. well it isn't too soft, but it also doesn't provide any support. Yes, the pillow is a bit too thin, but I can stand it. Not recommend to anyone, unless you really want to save money.	
Feb 11 2009 	Simple clean small and cheap. As great as I expected!	Before our trip to London I browsed TripAdvisor a lot, searching for the best affordable hotel. I was suprised by horror stories about other cheap hotels, about dirt and cockroaches. So I wanted to stay safe and choosed this one. And I did the right thing!I liked the internet reservation. Other hotels offer only reservation by email or some not working forms, but this one has great reservation wizard, with no hidden prices or complexities. You see what you are paying for. You even get your own account, where you can review your reservation, make changes or cancel it!When we arrived at the hotel, I couldn't find my reservation receipt but it wasn't needed, I had to just tell my name. We got a leaflet with information about the hotel rules and eating and travel possibilities and two room access cards. Everything in the hotel is really narrow - corridors, stairs and the rooms. But after visit to the London tube, it seems standard here. We had room number 206 (without window), there is only bed, small bathroom, small place in front of doors (see pictures), two hooks on the wall and english power socket. No chair, no table, no fridge, no storage area, no nothing. Bed is also low, so nothing could be stored under it. It was comfortable warm there, even we had no window the air was fresh. We knew it would be like that and planned only to sleep there, so it was ok for our 3 nights. The only problem was one night, when somebody was talking loud in neighbour room - we could easily recognize his words. The sound insulation is not very good. But he probably just didn't realize that, so it was ok after little knock on the wall.The location is great. Tube station Earl's Court is 10 min walk from the hotel (zone 1 and 2, many crossing lines), there is bus station nearly right in front of the hotel main door, NON-STOP Tesco 5 min walk (beware, it's non stop only 800 Mo- 2200 Sa, Su only 1100 - 1700!!!), many cheap eating facilities around. If I'm going to London again, I would definittely stay in the easyHotel. It's simple and cheap, with own bathroom. I don't need more.	
Feb 6 2009 	Very nice and convenient place to stay	considering the location with many connected town (high st. kensington and earls court), it is very convenient to stay and its easy to get food and stuffs (tesco, somerfield, sainsbury's and etc). transportation was easy with bus stops and tubes near by. In addition, the hotel was very clean and neat, room was relatively small but the bed was comfortable, toilet is clean. The best part is the people there are very nice and helpful (esp. Mr. Embarak - congrats to your new born child and Mr. Vullnet - very informative &amp; helpful). i stayed there for about 3 weeks (13th June 2008- 4th July 2008) and it was an awesome and a pleasant experience for me. Thanks to all Mr. Embarak and Mr. Vullnet for all your help, thanks you to others too.	
Feb 5 2009	Just what we wanted!	Me and my Mum stayed here after searching loads of cheap hotels and reading really mixed reviews about cleanliness,food etc so i decided to go with what looked like a modern,clean,simple and cheap hotel.That was exactly what we got! you know that with wooden floors and no furniture that it wont be hard to clean and most importantly look clean which so many old london hotels dont due to old-fashioned deco and fittings!The bathroom reminded me of the one in my cabin on the cruise ship that i worked on; small but everything you need,very clean,great shower! not ideal for large people though!We stayed in room 201 which was one of the larger rooms with twin beds and a window...we only stayed one night but i could've managed a few more.The only thing we felt it needed was another hook to hang clothes on,especially for those staying longer.you dont need breakfast because there are plenty of places to eat 2mins away and the vending machine is great as my mum cant survive without a cuppa in the morning! i didnt use the wireless internet or the TV because we weren't in the room long enough...This place is perfect if you just need a quiet,comfy,clean bed for the night and a hot shower in the morning.Dont recommend it for long stays though as you literally have to live out of your suitcase and pay extra for clean towels,bedding ect.I will definitely use easyhotels again as you know what you're getting and i reckon that every one of their hotels across the world is built to pretty much the same spec.	
Feb 4 2009 	Size does not matter	The rooms may be small, but who cares about size when you can have an hotel as wonderful as this one? I had a great time at the easyHotel London Earl's Court. For the price of a cheap hostel dorm (I paid only 192 euros for an 8 night stay!), you get a real hotel room that is clean, safe, warm, comfortable, quiet and has a private bathroom. The hotel is wonderfully located (right in the heart of London, only two steps away from the tube station) and ladies at the reception were helpful, adorable and efficient. What more could you ask for?	
Jan 31 2009	cheap and orange	after my holiday decided to stay in london for 3 nights, , and wanted a cheap time, I paid £25 a night (plus the tv remote) for a small room no window have seen the rooms advertised so knew i was getting an orange box with a bed, shower/wc, wot more could i ask for the staff were great (let me in early) bed was comfy and shower was clean, it actually reminded me of being on a ship,lol i did miss not being able to open a window for air ect but the air con/heating was fine, just a shame you couldnt control it your self, but saying that i was never to hot or to cold, so am just moaning for the sake of it really,lolthis is not a hotel to holiday in it is a place to sleep while you enjoy the area, location was good (for wot i needed) and ive already booked again for 1 night in the victoria easyhotel, i love them there a great way of saving money, or at least not waste money on things im not going to use,	
Jan 29 2009 	orange squash	Stayed in the small room w/o window for 2 nights. Couldn’t breathe much! If you have lots of luggage with you, DO NOT stays at the small room! Hotel is about 200m from Earls Court station. There are lots of restaurant on the way to the hotel. Receptionist is friendly. Need to pay another 5quids for tele’s remote. Room is clean though and hot water available. Down point: the small room is so tight and orange wall makes it feel worst! Providing the price is 35quids, I would stay here again but maybe at their Paddington’s hotel!	
Jan 28 2009 	Super clean	What you see is what you get. Excellent service, very clean rooms. Just remember, the beds are shorter than 180cm!	
Jan 8 2009 	Good for one night only	I realise that Easy Hotel had never advertised itself to be anything more than what it is – and what it is, is a bathroom and a bed/beds in the smallest possible place that can contain them. I don't hold that against them, but there are a few little things that they could have done to make life so much easier – such as shelving (even a plank nailed to a wall would have been appreciated, or an extra hook), and an exhaust in the bathroom. We stayed there for almost one week and were pretty happy to be getting out. On the plus side, location-wise, you're within a 5-minute walk from Earls Court tube station, supermarkets, restaurants and a laundrette. The shower works well and the beds are comfortable. Wireless is available in your room but is cheaper down the street. Towels are provided but only changed when you leave, so once again, not too good if you're planning to stay for a while. Housekeeping, extra linens and tv will cost you extra, but luckily, spare toilet paper is free!Easy Hotel provides a clean bed (nothing more) so for the budget traveler staying one or two nights it will do. However, with a little research (there are some good internet deals out there) you could probably do a lot better for around the same price.	
Dec 31 2008 	Mini Adventure	I stayed in a small room, no window, for five days over Christmas. Yeah I know – sounds like an awful way to spend the holidays but I didn’t stay in my room the whole time! London’s a busy place and there was plenty to keep me occupied.Back to the hotel – I was in room 11, which is in the basement. Makes sense considering it was windowless. It was a small room with just the bathroom “pod” and a double bed. No desk, no table, no shelves, no wardrobe. Fine if you’re prepared for this but you wouldn’t want to stay here with loads of clothes and luggage! Thankfully although primarily orange it wasn’t as retina-burning as I had imagined, and was toned down by a wood floor, white duvet and a mottled cream and orange on the majority of the walls.In the room there was also a light with a dimmer switch, and a flatscreen TV mounted on the wall but you have to pay extra to hire that for 24/96 hours. You also pay extra if you want more than the single towel they give you, or if you want the room cleaned while you’re there. So you can splash out for these “luxuries” (not always necessary in my experience) or go budget – nice to have the flexibility. The bathroom pod may be familiar to recently graduated students, as it’s a common feature of new halls of residence. A wetroom pod with a toilet, basin and shower all crammed into the same sort of space as a small wardrobe. You probably wouldn’t fit two people in there at once unless you were very, very close friends. The same could be said of the whole room really! In the pod there was a dispenser with some kind of magic liquid labelled for “hair, body + hands”. Seemed to work fine for me! No toothbrush or toothpaste, but hey this is budget travel.Security wise the front door and rooms were opened by an electronic keycard, which was nice as it meant you could come and go as you pleased without bothering staff. There were a couple of vending machines in reception and you could pay to use the internet, but as ever it’d be cheaper to do that from a café somewhere. On the negative side the temperature is centrally controlled, and sometimes it did get a bit chilly. The leaflet I was given when I checked in said staff could not manually alter the temperature, so I just suffered quietly and wore my hat indoors. Also the lights in the corridors were continually on, which didn’t bother me but if you like it really dark this could be annoying. Maybe just my phone provider, but I didn’t get a mobile signal from my room or anywhere in the basement. Worked fine from the ground floor though so it wasn’t much trouble.All in all it was perfectly adequate for a short stay, and I would definitely go back again but not if I was staying with someone else. Then I might splash out on somewhere where we don’t have to both sit on the bed, or one person has to camp out on the toilet. But this hotel proves small can be beautiful!	
Dec 11 2008	comfy bed 	basically if you need a comfy bed for a few days, this is perfect. i stayed in a &quot;small room no window&quot; with my husband for 2 nights, and it worked great. it's super tiny, but the bed was the most comfortable of the 5 hotels we tried throughout london, paris &amp; rome, and the shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water. sure they don't change your linens or towels, but if you're only staying for 1-2 nights, it doesn't really matter. i didn't pay for tv since i was literally only sleeping in there. also, the location was only a few minutes from the earl's court tube stop, and there were tons of good restaurants along the way. if i had to stay in london again for just a few days, i would definitely go here again. don't expect any amenities at all, but for a basic bed &amp; shower, it's great. just know what to expect.	
Dec 8 2008 	Room sizes vary	We stayed in the smallest (and cheapest!) room, without a window. Booked on the Easyhotel website well in advance for 29 pounds. Cheaper than a youth hostel! We first stayed in room 214, but then moved after one night due to construction noise. They are extending the hotel at the moment. Room 214 was super tiny, with no room to even lay our luggage down flat. It had to be stored upright, and stuffed into the space at the base of our bed. We were moved to room 35, which was the same type of room, but definitely larger. We could put our 2 large suitcases flat on the floor in this room, which was handy. Both rooms were very clean. Sheets and towels were very clean. You are provided with 1 towel for your entire stay, and need to pay 1 pound if you want it changed. Bathrooms are tiny, but functional. You will feel like you're on a ship.10 minutes walk from Earl's Court station. Laundromat on Earl's Court road. There is also free wi-fi available at the McDonald's on Earl's Court Road (and all over London), which is handy if you have your own computer. Massive Tesco supermarket is 200 metres down the road. Turn left as you leave the hotel.Be aware that there is no lift here, so start building some muscle now if you have heavy bags to carry!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Value 	Booked two rooms at this location; one for my husband and I and one for our two teenagers and stayed for 4 nights. The hotel was clean, secure, well-located for easy access to public transport to sightseeing locations and, as we were exiting London to the west via car, handy on to the motorway. Note that the cancellation/change policy gives you a credit to your EasyHotel.com account (minus a fee), not a refund of your pre-paid reservation...something we discovered when we decided to reduce our stay from 7 nights to 4. We had room 212 with one double bed and the teens were in room 201 with two twin beds. Both had windows. Note that the door to 201 wouldn't open fully without bumping into the beds. See photos of room 212 including the bathroom which is v. small but functional. It appears that they are still fitting out additional rooms at this location.	
Nov 17 2008 	Exactly what it says on the tin!	I spent two nights in London on business taking a course/exam. All I wanted was a quiet and clean room to get my head down and do some reading for a couple of nights. At the price I could not ask for more!I have stayed in many hotels in London over the years and most of them are flashy on the outside, grand in the lobby and shoe-boxes in the rooms at a price of £200+. But with the EasyHotel they make no pretences to grandeur and just give good honest value for money.I stayed in one of the small rooms with no window (in the basement). Apart form feeling a little bit claustrophobic, it was the quietest (and cleanest) room I have ever stayed in whilst visiting London.Another plus point is that you can just up and go in the morning – no waiting at reception to pay your bill (it’s all paid up front) with some smarmy receptionist asking if you had a nice time but not really meaning it!	
Nov 7 2008 	You Get What You Pay For - Would Recommend	We heard about easyhotel through a friend, and checked it out online. The first thing that grabs your attention is the price. Very good for London!We booked online for 6 nights, and the process was hassle free.It's very easy to get to from Earls Court tube station, there's a sign post on top of the newstand as soon as you exit. The hotel is literally a 5 minute walk from the tube station.We had room 114 (standard with a window), their largest room apparently. We were quite surprised with the size, plenty of room for our two large bags and carry on luggage (courtesy of a 4 week trip). The bathroom is very small however, and the ventilation does leave a lot to be desired. The room and bathroom are immaculately clean, which is a credit to the staff. The lack of lifts and narrow hallways does make it a little difficult to get to your room, but not a major hassle. The carpet looks a bit dated too, but overall the standard is quite good.There is a Tesco (a very good priced supermarket) 200m down West Cromwell Rd on exiting the hotel on the right, and don't forget to visit Freddie Mercury's house which is literally around the corner from the hotel.The staff were incredibly helpful with advice on where to go and how to get around, and they do offer luggage storage for 2 pounds a day.If all you want is a place to sleep and a base to explore London from, easyhotel is the place to go!	
Oct 19 2008 	Not Bad	I was actually pleasantly surprised with this hotel. It was quite a bit cheaper than other hotels I looked at especially since I was booking so late. I read the reviews about the size of the rooms and yes, they are small. I had room 106 which is without a window, but honestly I didn't miss it because I was only in the room at night anyway. There was only about a foot of space between the bed and the wall, but I was not claustrophobic or anything. I think a lot of hotel room space is wasted by furniture I don't use anyway, so this was just streamlined. My biggest concern with hotels though is cleanliness and my room was perfect. I have stayed at some gross hotels in London before (and paid more) but the sheets, towels, floors, ect. were all very clean here. The staff was very nice and helpful with any questions I had, and allowed me to check my bags in before official check in time (3pm) and also held a bag for my friend who was not staying at the hotel. There was a 2 pound per bag fee however, but it was better than lugging them around all day. Be sure to take the toilet paper out of the bathroom before you take a shower, there is a curtain but water still gets everywhere as the bathroom is very small. Also, I would suggest showering at night so the bathroom is dry if you need to do you makeup, ect in the morning. All in all a good stay, just be aware that the space is small and would be best for a couple or singles only.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great value	We found out about Easy Hotel through the Lonely Planet guide, and after a few unsuccessful attempts to make a reservation online, we finally got through. As far as I know, you can't make reservations via phone. We tried, but couldn't get through. We spent 2 nights at the Earls Court location, and would definitely stay again. Great location, good price, good service, and the place is almost brand new - very clean, and comfortable beds indeed. The only downside is the rooms are tiny, and many are without windows. The bathroom is the size of an airplane bathroom with a shower. You can literally sit on the toilet with your feet in the shower. Also, you won't get any extras unless you pay for them, i.e. extra towels, access to TV remote control and the use of the internet in the lobby. If you literally just need a place to crash, we highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 9 2008	Good Value	We stayed at easyhotel Earls Court for 4 nights, and were pleased with the price we paid, ease of getting to hotel and all of london from the tube. the room was clean and safe and we slept soundly, there is a good choice of places to eat suiting all budgets, i read the reviews before deciding to book so knew the rooms were small and there is only 2 hooks on the wall so i packed 3 dress hangers and 2 trouser hangers and hung our clothes up on these, it worked well, we have booked to visit again, for value you cant beat easyhotel, and who visits London to sit in the hotel room, I say well done easyhotel for providing a clean hotel in a good location at a very good price.	
Sep 26 2008 	Brilliant LIttle Hotel	I never really understand when I read reviews that are complaining about different things about a hotel that were clearly laid out in the hotel description. easyHotel was exactly what it markets itself to be! And it was absolutely wonderful.My wife and I took a short shopping trip over to London and I decided I wanted to try the easyHotel chain, not to mention that the price was great. I read the website, looked at the pictures and selected our room. The room we got was an &quot;inside&quot; double with no window. Upon our arrival, the hotel is in very close proximity of the Earls Court tube stop. As a matter of fact there was a sign with an arrow above a news stand at the entrance. You walk left, at the first major intersection you turn left, and the hotel is down on the right.At first I was a little worried as the flag outside the hotel was faded. Upon entering, the hotel itself was a little worn, but not unbearable and by no mean disgusting.The room was absolutely brilliant! VERY CLEAN! The bed was the brightest white! We love white bed linen and duvets because that means they get bleached which in turn equals clean! LOL.The room and bathroom were all small but great. The room really does just consist of the bed, but was by no means unmanageable. I am 6'3&quot; and about 13 1/2 stone so I am not big but definitely not a little guy and there was plenty of room to move abot. There is a flatscreen tv also, but it costs £5 a day for the remote. And maid service is an additional fee as well. If you have ever been on a cruise, the room is just like an Inside Cabin.The Hotel staff were wonderful! We really loved it and plan to stay again!	
Aug 29 2008	Cheap cheerful and clean	There's not really much to say about this place. It's cheap, quiet, clean and in a handy location for the tube.Best suited for very short/overnight stays. My room was small but very comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful.	
Aug 15 2008 	Safe place but it needs to improve	I stayed there for two nights in a medium size room double bed with no window. I thought at first, this a great idea I want to see how they can offer a room with no window. It is a safe place and clean in my room and airy even no window, but it needs to improve a bit. The room needs shelf, extra rail, cloth hanging, everything I had to put on the floor, not enough space to dry towels if two persons. The door is too heavy, I (60 kgs.weight) had to pull so hard before I could get out of the room. The extract fan switch was set too high. A 5'2' person couldn't reach. The room has no sound reduction between rooms and corridor. it was noisy when people come at night. The bed was very uncomfortable. I got very sore back every morning. TV charge too much. If the price is cheaper, they would have increase more sales. For that price I don't think not many will use it. Wrong price strategy. TV and internet and others should be offered as a value added in the business with little charge, customers don't mind to pay as they understand it is cheap hotel.  My next visit to London next time will prepare to pay more, not Easy hotel. Staff are frighten to talk to customers, hardly smile and so unhelpful. How sad to work in leisure industry. This is a job for HR director to sort out and review. They didn't evey say ' Have a nice stay' this type of words should be trained to do. It doesn't cost a penny even you don't want to say. It's a business. Internet. Mouse is useless, one of them, should be checked regularly. The reason I chose Easy hotel because I don't want to pay a lot of money for hotel. I will be out all day and night for business. I only need safe and clean bed and toilet and internet to check my mail which Easy hotel provided (they charge £1 for 15 mins. Out site charge £1/hour). I accept to pay that because I need it., but I should be cheaper than this. People who use this hotel does not mean they don't have money. Therefore staff don't need to be frighten of customers. It is a sad attitude. I accept information from the website, but the above problems customers have to stay there to find out themselves.	
Aug 14 2008 	WARNING!	WARNING!If you book with easyHotel, check the small print on their Contract. They do not give any kind of refund, and indeed will give you a &quot;credit&quot;, which is then designed to be difficult to use, and will rapdily be reduced by various hidden fees.Needless to say we had to change a booking with easyHotel due to an unforeseen circumstance, and then was refused any kind of refund.Cheap and nasty operation. Avoid.	
Aug 2 2008 	Good value for money	Good experience! Small but clean and tidy room, and excellent air-condition. Friendly staff, good location. Thouroughly recommended for anyone travelling to London on a tight budget, and only needs a bed to sleep in at night :)	
Jul 27 2008	BUDGET HOTEL	Stayed at the hotel around mid July .The location is pretty decent and safe as there's always a lot of people. It's about a 5 minute walk from Earl's Court tube station. Pubs, restaurants, and a supermarket are all accessible within a few minutes.The hotel is not designed for a family with young kids, but rather for 1 or 2 people. The room is pretty much a room. It has a bed and that's it. Within the room is closet size room (1 meter by 2 meters) that includes the sink, the toilet and stand up shower. There is a wall mounted t.v at the end of the bed, but you have to pay 5 pounds for a remote and there is NO phone access in the hotel, but there is internet. One pound for 15 minutes.The hotel uses a centrally controlled climate system that is pretty noisy and there's no way for the guest to set there own room temperature, so if you're a light sleeper, this can be a problem. Also, the mattress sags in the middle.All in all, you're paying for a budgeted room and get what you pay for.	
Jul 23 2008 	Excellent for 1 Person	Stayed here for one night. Very good - clean room, very comfortable bed and decent power shower.Ideal for one person for 1 or 2 nights. It is very compact.Not suitable for overweight people as the bathroom is very small - almost the size of an airplane toilet cubicle.But the hotel is designed for shower and sleeping only. Excellent value for money.	
Jun 20 2008 	Unique	Like all city hotels, I'm only there at night so size really doesn't matter to me! We got a twin room with a window. We wouldn't have minded not having a window but they only had those rooms left. Staying in an Easyhotel is certainly experience. There is very little space move around (as we expected) and there is no storage at all apart from two sweet little hooks next to the door (as we expected). One thing I will say is I think the hotel could have gone to the effort of at least having a drawer under the beds because we were a little crammed in with our case open on the floor. The bathroom is roughly, I'd say, the same size as an airplane toilet, which is quite an achievment considering they've managed to stick a shower in there! It is weird, though because whenever I went in there I got this weird shaking feeling like I was actually on a plane! The TV is expensive at £5 for 24 hours (though you do get to keep the tiny remote!). We were bored one night so we went ahead and got the remote. If you've still got the TV on after your 24 hours are up then it will stay on until you turn it off (you won't be able to change channels of course) so we ended up watching Pussycat Dolls: Girlicious! Never again!The coffee from the vending machine was £1 for a pretty good sized cup of better that average coffee. The vending machine stuff is very over-priced however. Just go to Tesco down the street.You don't really encounter the staff much but they were really friendly and welcoming.I had a quick look on the upper floors and my god the third floor staircase is narrow! I struggled to walk up without a case or anything! It felt like a privilage to only be up two flights of stairs!In terms of location I wouldn't say it's as fantastic as others are making out (I didn't explore the surrounding area so could be why). The tube was about a 10 minute walk away which is a bigger walk than I'm used to in London (I know I'm very lazy!!!). Still, Earl's Court station isn't bad for getting around the city.Overall, a unique experience, not bad price, nice staff and a clean room. I think I would use it again in the future.	
Jun 4 2008 	Clean and friendly	While its true that Easyhotel has very small, simple rooms (ours had to window), we found that the amount of time you spend in your hotel room is minimal anyway. The room was clean, and the desk staff were friendly. Any other patrons we ran into were friendly also. We booked far in advance and the room was very cheap. Why spend a lot of money staying at a 5 star hotel when you can be out seeing London? Was also in walking distance of a large tube station (Earls Court),a large Tesco store and a laundromat. Really nice, clean area.	
Jun 2 2008 	Tiny but Clean and Comfortable	I stayed at this property for one night, by myself. It was perfect for me as I knew I wouldn't be in the room much. It was, as advertised, a very small room with no storage, but such a great price, and very clean and comfortable-although if you have a lot of luggage, or even two people it would probably be a bit too cozy (so make sure you really like that second person). Great location- 5 minute walk from the tube station and a grocery store nearby and numerous eating establishments as well. Very friendly staff, they called a taxi for me in the morning with no hesitation and free internet access in the lobby. Highly recommended for short stays!	
Jun 2 2008 	Worse hotel value ever	I was a walk-in here which could be part of the reason I paid full price. Even if you walk-in you have to book online (computer on desk), and despite the 55 quid notice outside, a room with a window and TV (you have to pay an additional 5 quid to use the TV) I paid 75 POUNDS!!!!That might not sound like much, but look at some of the pictures. The bed could only be approached from the side of the room you enter (the other three side of the bed were against walls), and to open the door you have to put your suitcase on the bed (this was room one, and remember it's the most expensive, largest rooms they have!). An airline-style toilet-come shower completes the horrors. Small would be an exageration.On the plus side is location and it was clean. However, in the same (or better) locations you could have had a normal room at Premier Inn, Travel Lodge, or Comfort Inn for less or the same amount.This was the worse value room I've ever had. Avoid at any cost.	
May 30 2008 	No problems with easyhotel	I had no problems with this place. Yes, it was small, but I expected this. The staff were friendly, the room was clean, the price was right. I quite liked the orange of the walls and bathroom. I didn't bother to pay for the TV, but did pay to use the wireless internet. I would happily stay here again!	
May 27 2008 	can't beat it!!!	this hotel is exactly what i expected!!!!!! small, no frills, but spotless clean with a comfortable bed and high pressure shower. Staff at front desk was genuine and friendly. Stayed one night, paid 42GBP. a true bargain for a very decent hotel in London!!!!!!!!	
May 10 2008 	Room 8 is the biggest room we're told	Booked in Feb 2008 direct with easyhotels.Stay April 26 for 6 nights, paid GBP 315 for room with windowDid all the research, so knew what we were getting into. Front desk were lovely and helpful. I asked on check in if I could have the mobility room since we are staying 6 nights, and I was told they had already put me in the largest room they have, room 8.It was larger than I expected. The window was great although couldnt be opened and we were located right out the front. So unless you like people looking in you would have the curtains drawn alot. Windows werent insulated and it was noisy and sometimes cold.We paid GBP 20 for wifi access for a week with &quot;Spectrum&quot;. I wouldnt reccommend it, it constantly dropped out, and even if you didnt type something for a minute you would have to log in with your username and password again and again. So not the fault of easy hotel, but just a warning.We had heaps of stuff, 2 large backpacks, 2 small backpacks, a suitbag and shopping bags with stuff (we're moving to London) and found we still had room to move, although it would have been better in such a confined space, to use a bed with a mattress and storage underneath. You can slide things under, but the space could have been better utilised ( should have been designed by the Japanese, they are experts!)There were only 2 hooks, so many more could be put on, and a shelf here and there.	
May 8 2008 	Low price and central	We stayed two days in May (got home today)Very satiesfied with the hotel. Great, friendly staff. Very low prices, comfortable bed. The rooms are small, but we stayed at a special needs room that were actually kind of big. Huge bathroom, and more than enough floorspace for all of our bags and suitcases. But beware, the non-special needs rooms are very small. But again, very low prices.Short way from the hotel to Earls Court tube station (500-600m).There are no room-service or in-house restaurant\pub, but thats not a problem as you have several restaurants close to the hotel.I will stay with easyHotel againA+	
May 6 2008 	Brilliant idea!!	This was my first experience with the Easy company. I just need to say that for what we wanted, it was excellent. When going to London we are just looking for a clean, safe and easy to get to bed for the night. This was perfect.The hotel was easy to book, straight away online. It was easy enough to find, literally 5-10 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. The reception is manned 24 hours a day and the staff are friendly enough.The room was compact, but it served it's purpose. It was a cute, dinky little room with a bed and a wetroom with a toilet. Most of all it was clean and we felt safe leaving our shopping there as we went out for the evening to the West End.All this and at just £60 the company have hit on something brilliant. Of course if you want a four poster bed and full breakfast in the morning then this is not for you. However if like us you are just looking for a clean bed for the night in order to rest your head and not wanting to pay a fortune or journey too far outside the centre of London then this is the place for you.Of course don't all book right away as we'll be wanting to come back again and again!!Well done Stelios!	
May 4 2008 	Make sure you know what you're getting into...	My wife and I stayed at the Easyhotel in Earl's Court for four nights in late April 2008. We had thoroughly reviewed the hotel website as well as many traveler review sites before booking. Because we knew we would be staying in an incredibly small, no-frills, room, we were not disappointed that this room lacked many amenities and could truly not have been smaller. That said, the hotel met every expectation we had!The hotel was easy to find upon exiting the Tube station at Earl's Court and was only a short walk away. The front desk staff was friendly and prompt in setting us up with our room. The location was a great one, as it was a short Tube ride away from many city attractions and there were many pubs, restaurants, grocery stores and a pharmacy between the Tube stop and the hotel. At the hotel, there were vending machines with snacks, tea and coffee, and a small internet room - all at a small extra cost. There are televisions in each room, but you must pay to rent a remote to use them.The room itself was so small that we could not even unpack our bags. When one of us was retrieving items from a suitcase, it was necessary to lift the suitcase onto the bed - while this was going on, the other person either had to be in the bathroom or in the small space right in front of the door. However, we were prepared for this and packed lightly (which is generally always much more convenient when traveling in Europe). The bathroom, like the rest of the room, was tiny, but not uncomfortably so. The two of us both used the bathroom simultaneously in the mornings with no problems, but absolutely no extra space. We paid a bit extra for a room with a window, which we were happy to have - besides from natural light waking us up in the morning, the window helped us to gauge London's spotty weather before we went out each day.Overall, the room was spotlessly clean, but do keep in mind that there is no housekeeping service unless you pay for it - 10 pounds per cleaning. If we had stayed more than four nights, we certainly would have paid for this service. The rooms were also well-insulated and our room was very quiet except the occasional noise of closing of the heavy room doors. We only had minor critiques of the hotel. First, the room was not very well ventilated and we found it a bit stuffy on the fourth day (although we weren't in the room for much time at all). Second, the drain in the bathroom sink was not adjustable and was a little slow to drain. The cleanliness of the room outweighed these two factors, though, and neither of them were very bothersome. (We would recommend checking updated reviews in the future to make sure the hotel is still well-maintained.) Be forewarned that we did not see an elevator, so you will have to carry your luggage up numerous flights of stairs. In conclusion, this hotel was immaculately clean and well-maintained, and offered rooms at 25% the cost of many other London hotels. Its shortcomings compared to other hotels with many services and amenities (and more space) are very obvious and are advertised clearly on the hotel's website. Going into our stay knowing these things, we were extremely content with this hotel and would not hesitate in recommending it to others. However, anyone who books their stay at the Easyhotel thinking they are getting a normal hotel room is in for a real surprise.	
Apr 25 2008 	Fun for one night only	The Easyhotel at Earls court is how you expect it to be, small and orange.The only problem we had upon check-in was that the receptionist looked at our bags (two large suitcases and two carry on bags for our flight to Australia the next day) and informed us that our large bags would not fit in our room and would have to be stored overnight. This did not bother us (especially when I saw that we were on the 3rd floor) but there does not appear to be a proper luggage storage facility as our bags were still in reception where we left them the following morning.The room was small (as expected) but everything was clean and functional. As there is no window when you turn the light out it is very dark and there is no sun to wake you up in the morning so make sure you set an alarm. Many of the rooms are up a narrow flight of stairs, so hard for luggage and people with limited mobility.For one (or two) nights when all you need is a place to sleep and a clean bathroom the Easyhotel is great. It is not far from a Zone 1 tube and close to a supermarket, restaurants and take-away shops. For a longer stay or if you want to actually spend time in your hotel room, pay more and go somewhere with more space.	
Apr 8 2008 	Spotlessly Clean	We have just returned from staying at the hotel for 4 nights. We had taken the smaller room which was okay it is just like staying in a caravan. The staff could not be anymore friendly. The only downside were the beds were a bit soft which you can live with for a few nights.The shower is one of the best I have had in a long time the pressure is great.Also just round the corner in earls court road there are plenty of shops pubs restaurants. The bistro benitos is lovely and reasonably priced staff friendly. Hope this helps definately go again but to a bigger room. Oh and lastly the windows do not open which can be a problem if you like fresh air with the heating on to suit everyone.Great value for money.	
Apr 4 2008 	What are you complaining about?	I really don't know what people are complaining about, I thought this hotel was brilliant. I knew exactly what I was getting as the website told me the dimensions, the fact there was no windows etc. The room was small, but like I said I knew this was going to be the case. It was clean and the staff were lovely, excellent location also. The fact that there were no windows meant that me and my sis had a fab nights sleep because it was dark all night and there was very little noise to be heard from anywhere! The only thing I will say is that £5 for the tv to work is a little bit cheeky :) will definately be staying here again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Small but clean rooms and reasonably-priced	We were a group of 6 people going to London to watch football. Considering we had to spend a small fortune on football tickets we wanted to cut down on hotel costs.The rooms are very small and there is basically no room for anything more than just some luggage. We knew what to expect so we were not surprised by that. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfy. Tall people should however note that the beds are usually 180 cm long (some are 190cm). The rooms have private shower and toilet. Towels and shower gel are provided.The location is great, close to Earls Court tube station. The hotel itself does not have a restaurant but there are quite a few decent restaurants and pubs in the area.There is Internet access in the lobby but I would not recommend using it since it is between 2-4 times as expensive as the normal rate and a lot of sites (for example facebook) cannot be visited because of security settings.The price was good, we paid around £110-120 per twin room for 3 nights. All things considered we got pretty much what we expected.	
Mar 21 2008 	excellent value 	Me and my other half stayed here for one night on the 19th March. My main wishes were that it was easy to get to and clean; thankfully it scored top marks on both these points.Getting to it was easy, turn left out of the tube station, walk along the high street, you can either keep going to end of the road and risk your life (like we did!) crossing the busy west cromwell road or more sensibly and recommended use the traffic lights on the other side of the road – they seem like a long was round to get to the opposite side but a lot safer!We checked in quite late, just after 10pm, which wasn’t a problem. We were greeted by a very pleasant check-in man, given our second towel (as only one was in our room – a bit strange but not a problem) and went off to our 3rd floor room. When we booked we decided to save £8 and took a “small room” without a window – seemed quite strange choosing no window as this is not an option you are usually presented with when booking a hotel room! The room was very small, literally the door to get in, the un-suite and the bed with a space to the right of it to get in – take a look at my pictures, but what more did we need for one nights stay. When we got in we got ready for bed then went to sleep, so no further space required. The bed was a little soft which is the only little moan I have. The room was very clean, fresh with modern fittings – as I had expected. Other reviewers mentioned problems with noisy air conditioning but ours was almost silent. The un-suite was small but again it was very clean, the towels were soft and clean as well and there was even a handy soap dispenser marked, hair, body, hands – so you could still have a wash if you didn’t have anything. There were small alcoves in the walls in the shower section and by the toilet to store toiletry items. Definitely close the door when showering as I noticed the water was on the door ledge when I cam out of the shower and the door may have been the only thing stopping the water getting into the room. The shower was nice and hot with a steady flow so no complaints.In the room there were two hooks behind the door and that was it in the way of storage but as we were only there for one night we didn’t need anymore as we took our stuff from our over night bag. It’s worth mentioning the room had two power points. Also, there was a dimmer switch on the wall by the bed controlling the rooms light which was a nice feature.The vending machine in the hotel offered basic items like crisps &amp; chocolate along with toothbrush &amp; toothpaste &amp; a mini London guide book with hot drinks available at another smaller vending machine in reception.Check-out was by 10am, it does say in the hotel info, which we got when checked-in, to vacate you room at or before 10am to avoid additional charges but we checked-out at 10.30am with no problem.The optional TV controller for £5 per night (which is actually disposable!) gives you access to BBC1, BBC2, ITV1, ITV2, ITV3, Channel 4, E4, More 4, Film 4, FIVE, BBC24, Sky 3, Sky News, Sports News, History, CBBC, Radio Heart, BBC Radio 1, 2, 3 &amp; 4. We didn’t do this as weren’t in the room long enough to appreciate it.On check-out we opted to pay £2 for so they could store our bag for the day.Overall we had a very pleasant stay, we would definitely stay in this and any easyHotel again and were very impressed by the excellent value it offered - £39 for the night in central London. We would probably choose a room with a window next time as we did find this a little disorientating waking up to a pitch black room. The hotel is within 10 minutes walk of the Earls Court Exhibition Centre which we visited as we went to the Ideal Home Show.	
Mar 12 2008 	Exactly as expected	I was only staying in London for one night and needed somewhere cheap and cheerful to crash, and this fitted the bill well!I stayed in a disabled room with a window so did have slightly more space than if had a standard room.My room was at the front of the property and, living in the country, I found the road to be very noisy - but I was glad to have a window so would not say it was a bad feature.Room was spotless, if sparce and for overnight stay it was perfect.Shower room was very large with a seat in it for those who might need it for their disability. Towels were not huge, but then neither am I!Overall I will certainly be using this hotel again. Quick and easy check-in (even with British sign language) and check out and nice smiley staff. The receptionist at night time actually took me to my room as he could not explain to me where it was on the property.If you need cheap and cheerful for 1/2 nights then why pay silly prices elsewhere in the City? Nice and close to shops and Tube Stations so great location too.Even all the orange was not too bad!	
Feb 2 2008 	Cheap Cosy 	I booked 3 rooms for 1 night for me and my colleagues to visit a show at Olympia. We the small rooms with a window at £40 each they were a real bargin. They are clean and small and had everything we needed for a nights stay. I wouldn;t stay more than 2 nights in one but they are not designed for long stays. The rooms we had were on the 3rd floor which was ok for us but for an older person it could be a bit much getting up the steep stairs, maybe when booking it could tell you what room the room type is on. The pod bathrooms are great and very clean. The TV is £5 a day which is a bit steep for what channels you get.	
Jan 23 2008 	You get what you pay for	I stayed here for one night of a two-night trip to visit friends. I arrived on the opening day of the hotel to find that it wasn't ready yet due to a power failure. They kindly put me up in another hotel and gave me money to travel to and from the other hotel by taxi. They were very apologetic.There are no elevators at the EasyHotel. So watch out if you have a big or heavy bag!The room was comically small. I paid the extra for a window, and was glad - the rooms are not for the claustrophobic! The bathroom/toilet reminded me of the toilet on an airplane except very, very orange.As a solo traveller, the room was just fine. I can't imagine how you'd fit two people in there though.I'd recommend the hotel for a solo traveller	
Oct 11 2007 	great location very clean	My husband and I stayed at EasyHotel for 6 nights in September. We had heard alot of bad reviews on this website. However we knew the room was going to be small, and it was! But when you are visiting London you arnt spending much time in the hotel. Its a place to crash. The reception was friendly and the location was unbeatable; in a great neibourhood, close to a grocery store, reasonable restaurants, and tube stops. There are a couple negatives to the hotel as well such as only one towel per person per stay( and we stayed 6 nights!), no housekeeping unless you wanna pay (again the tiny room can get dirty in 6 nights). However, London is very expensive, especially for accomodations. Easyhotel is reasonable! It served our needs as a hotel and helped us meet our budget. To me that makes easyhotel a good find.	
Oct 10 2007 	Good one	I stayed two nights at this hotel in a standard double room. First impression is that it is very clean and quite new. It would be perfect if they put a small table in the room as we had to leave everything on the floor. Good bathroom, reasonable size and cleanliness. However, as we stayed at the ground floor, I was awake at night as the noise from the shower upstair is so loud! (I guess because others come back late and have a shower but the ceiling material is not good). Next time I may choose a room at the third floor, as it is better to walk a bit than to be waked up at night.	
Sep 24 2007 	Not too bad actually.....	I stayed at the easyhotel for 6 nights, as i was exhibiting at the Exhibition centre, and the location of this hotel is excellent.. 10 mins walk to tube station and exhibition centre. also there's a tesco5 minutes down the road. also 5 minutes in the other direction, thereis earls court road with lots of shops, including Salisbury's, post office, boots, marks and Spencer etc. my overall stay wasnt too bad, and i was actually impressed as i readalot of bad reviews. staff were decent, and the actual room was very nice and clean. smallish yes, but for one person its ideal. the room is quiet, but atnight the air con is abit noisy, so i would recommend ear plugs. alsothere is no storage space, just two hooks on the wall... so bring a couple hangers to hang your clothes. other than that, i had a great stay. only downside is the lack of window, so you dont know what the weather is like. but if i was needing a place to stay in earls court again, i would stay there. much better than the shabby grotty bed and breakfasts near by.	
Sep 21 2007 	Perfect for a short break in london on a budget	I really didn't know what to expect when i booked my stay at the easyhotel as reviews for them were mixed but i was very pleasantly surprised.The hotel was just a 5 minute walk from Earls Court station and was near supermarkets and cafes which was perfect as i was on a tight budget for this trip. The building itself looked very nice and the receptionist was pleasant although she did remind me my room was very small which made me feel rather nervous about seeing it. We arrived a bit early but the room was ready which was great.I had booked the smallest room with no windows and it room was exactly as I had expected. Small but clean which was all i wanted really. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was very small but modern and everything worked fine. I didn't pay the extra £5 to the the TV.The hotel was fairly quiet during the night. The only noise was the opening and closing of other peoples doors as the doors are very heavy but it did not really disturb me. Having no windows did not bother me as it meant my room was quieter and much easier to sleep in.In total i stayed for 3 nights, the first night on my own and the 2nd and 3rd with my boyfriend and I did find it a bit small with him there too but it was fine for what we needed and at the prices we paid you really can't complain. There was no where to put my clothes but as I was only there for the weekend i took very little and lived out of my bag which was no problem.On the day of departure we left out bags at the hotel for a fee of £2 which was very handy. The hotel did have 2 internet points which were £2 for 30 minutes i think and a vending machine. Overall i would recommend it to those on a budget and defiantly stay there again.	
Sep 13 2007 	Does what it says on the tin.	On deciding to take a trip to London with my Boyfriend this Autumn, we found the most difficult thing to be finding somewhere to stay. Although this may seem virtually impossible in London, it seemed as though there was a big gap in the market between youth hostel and full blown hotel - not to mention the price. We stumbled on the EasyHotel website whilst looking on the internet for B&amp;B's which seemed to be in our price range, and at £40 a night for three nights in September (and bear in mind we only booked a month in advance), the deal seemed unbeatable. After reading a lot of negative reviews, I could only, and still can, discern that people's adverse feelings towards the hotel was because they did not fully research the hotel on the EasyHotel website, and didn't know what they were getting themselves in for. And in my opinion, serves them right going into it blindly!In all honesty, yes it was small, and yes, if one of us was standing up in the room, the other had to either be in the bathroom or on the bed, but for the time that we spent actually in the room itself, i.e. sleeping and washing, it served the purpose perfectly!Both the bathroom and the bed were immaculately clean, the bathroom was functional and did have &quot;holes in the wall&quot; so to speak to store shower gel, etc, as well as a bin, a rail on the back of the door (great for hanging one of those washbags with the hooks which was the most practical way of saving space in the bathroom) and a soap dispenser on the wall. The shower was hot and consistent (hot water was always available) and yes, if you leave the door open there is a CHANCE you'd get the floor of the room wet, but they do provide you with a shower mat to put on the floor. Similarly, the bed was standard double bed sized, not cramped at all, and the duvet was warm and the pillows and mattress comfortable. One factor that must be taken into consideration is that you cannot unpack. There are two hooks provided for hanging up coats, and because we booked a window (invaluable - definitely spend that little bit extra), the window ledge, as well as under the bed, but apart from that you WILL have to live out of a suitcase - this SHOULDN'T be a problem if you are tidy (there honestly isn't enough floor space to be messy) and if you are only staying a few days. We stayed three nights and travelled light, knowing what we were going to wear on each day. Granted, not everyone wants to be this organised or pared down, but if you can it does help.There are only two limitations I can think of, one would be that the hotel doesnt have any kind of restaurant attatched, and we found getting breakfast a little difficult - although there is a MASSIVE 24 hour tesco just along the road which has a Costa coffee shop with delicious muffins! The other is that the window doesnt open and that can feel a little claustophobic. The room is air conditioned which isnt obtrusive (its not too loud or the jet too high powered) but we did find it hot during the middle of the night. Other than that, there's little else I feel people can pick at - the hotel literally 'does what it says on the tin'. It's a base to sleep and that's about it. If you're the type of traveller who likes to spend time hanging about the hotel then this definitely isnt for you, but if, like us, you'd rather spend your time (and the money you saved) in the pubs and restaurants on Earls court road and London in general, then it really cant be beaten on price and practically.It's ideally situated, close to the tube and anything amenities you could need (the aforementioned tescos, sainsburys local, somerfield, as well as a laundrette, and loads of pubs, general shops and restaurants) and the staff are pleasant and I will no doubt be going back soon!	
Sep 13 2007 	Nice For a Few Days!	We had stayed at this hotel because we found that all the hotels in London was terribly expensive and didnt seem that you would be getting much for what you paid. The hotel all in all was okay. The good points is that it is very clean, It is in a great location, Earls Court station is just down there street. There is lots Fantastic Ethnic places to eat, Internet cafes,Shops and close to South Kensington and Tourist Sites. The bad is that the room can become small if staying for more than 5 days. The toilet and shower is all in one, so if you are taking a shower the floor, the sink and the toilet will get wet. You have to pay for the TV which kind of sucks...seeing that the room is small, this would have been a really good perk! The last thing is we found the AC to be really intense for such a small room. We had to plug one of the vents so that our room would not be very cold once we came in to sleep. I would stay at this hotel again, if I was on a tight budget as London is really expensive. The staff was very accomodating and friendly because we were staying for 5 nights they gave us a bigger room. They said they usually do this for clients that are staying longer. My suggestions is book the disable room with window, this room is like a regular size hotel room. If you are going to book the small room, try to get one with a window and ask for the upgrade once you get there. They are really flexible! P.S. If you have a lot of luggage, this can become a problemP.P.S Pay for the TV, in the long run it is better!	
Aug 19 2007	Small but clean!	We stayed at the Earls Court easyHotel for 6 nights in July 2007. The hotel was just opened a few weeks before, so the room was absolutely clean and fresh. Great surprise: It wasn't as tiny as we had expected!The bed was 1.90m long (not as we read on the homepage 1.80m), so we didn't have to fold our bones to fit in. The bathroom was small but o.k. (allover bright orange colour!); the shower hot with not much water - otherwise there would have been risk of flooding the whole room. It was a room without window so we needed an alarm clock to wake up in the morning. The advantage is that there isn't any street noise if there's no window.The air-system did work well, but it was a bit too windy. We read about that before so we had brought with us two small towels and some tape to fix them to the wall and ceiling like some kind of wind-shield. It worked quite good!The hotel is situated on Cromwell Road only five minutes to walk to Earls court tube station. Lots of restaurants, cafes, supermarkets... around.So it had been a nice stay in a hotel without any luxury but well situated and extremely cheap: we payed only 35,- Euros per night for the room (the earlier you book, the cheaper it is). And you can say that 17,- Euros per person per night in London is really great!P.S.: If you're going to bed early don't forget to bring earplugs since your neighbour's door might be slamming hard and loud.	
Nov 19 2009 	Perfetto per chi non ha troppe pretese		
Nov 5 2009 	A choisir sans hésitation		
Nov 5 2009 	L'hotel che ho sempre sognato		
Oct 6 2009 	Habitaciones no aptas para gente grande		
Sep 1 2009 	Per chi non ha troppe pretese		
Aug 28 2009 	Non perfetto ma molto buono		
Jul 25 2009 	Distinto		
Jul 21 2009 	Billig super Lage und nur das nötigste		
Jul 15 2009 	Senza fronzoli...ma a quel punto meglio un'ostello!		
Jul 14 2009 	disastro...		
Jun 18 2009 	Bon Plan		
Apr 30 2009 	Perfetto		
Apr 28 2009 	economico sì... ma un po' scatoletta del tonno!		
Apr 27 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Mar 9 2009 	Pulizia funzionalità centralità...e prezzo eccellente!		
Nov 22 2008 	come si dice in inglese "great value for money"		
Oct 28 2008 	Einfach aber gut		
Nov 19 2007 	me gusta el concepto		
