	Great location	Just returned from 2nights stay at this hotel. About 10minute walk from London Bridge and Southwark Underground stations. We visited the O2 arena and a London theatre during our stay and found it a great central location which was very easy to get to.We arrived early on the day of check in and had hoped to leave our bags so that we could go on to our destination but check-in staff were really helpful and found a room available for us to check into immediately (at 10.30am). The room itself was great. Not the biggest but the bed was comfortable with fabulous black out blinds. Road outside was fairly busy so would suggest bringing along ear plugs unless you're used to city traffic. Continental breakfast was great with plenty of variety-we didn't find it necessary to upgrade to the full english but this is an option if you want. Also had an evening meal at the hotel-great value food and drink especially for London. Plenty of main courses for under £10 and very nice too. Other reviews have said that there isn't much nearby but Bourough market has plenty of lunch options while there is a high street about a 5minute walk away with plenty of different restaurant options. Staff were very friendly and helpful during stay. Would definitely stay there again and would recomend it especially for anyone arriving into London via Waterloo or Kings Cross national rail stations due to convenience. Kepp an eye out on their website as they are running offers for weekend stays!	
Nov 14 2009 	Lovely	We stayed here for three nights for a special birthday.Fantastic Hotel.Clean, modern freindly staff and very centrally located.The breakfast is a bit expensive if it is not included but there are plenty of little cafes in the area.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice hotel in good location but not the best around if you can get a deal	I stayed here one night when the Novotel next door was too pricey - it was a nice enough hotel, but it was hard not to compare it to the Novotel which was pretty fab - the room at the Southwark Rose was smaller, although nice enough, but there was only one powerpoint in the whole room?? Room service means you have to go and pick your meal up from the restaurant on the 6th floor... Also, my booking sheet said I didn't have breakfast included, but the hotel's reservation said I did, so I didn't eat it and was charged anyway... Otherwise, it's a fine hotel, was nice and clean, staff were friendly, and it's in a good location for exploring London.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good Business Hotel Good Value for Location	I have stayed here many times over the last 12 months on business. My company has an office just over London Bridge, near the Monument. The hotel is very modern and clean and has a reasonable restaurant on top. Location is good for access to the City &amp; Tube and price is reasonable considering the location...as a tourist though location would be poor IMHO. The rooms are on the small side but well designed and air conditioned, which is vital for the Summer. There is free use of a safe in the room. The bathrooms have no bath, just a shower so no long soaks after a hard day!! I have always found the staff very polite and helpful. As others have said, the beds are firm and so are the pillows..neither of which trouble me. I recommend solo travelers go for the double bed option as the single beds are small. I have never had a problem with noise at the hotel, so no disturbed nights due to other peoples TVs etc. The hotel seems to be in a mobile phone blackspot for Vodafone and I get a very poor signal and my laptop 3G card simply does not work unless I go to the bar area adjacent to the restaurant. the hotle offers a paid wireless service which i have found worked very reliably.	
Sep 23 2009 	The Southwark Rose...	4 of us stayed here back in Feb 2008 just for 1 night. The hotel was very modern, really clean and in a brilliant location for all typical sight-seeing things like london eye, st pauls cathedral and so on. The bar (which im sure was situated at the top of the hotel) was really quiet when we went in at 8pm (ish) and later returned at 1am (ish) and still just as quiet. We didnt have breakfast at the hotel, as it was quite expensive and i find breakfasts at hotels are always the same crap. Be warned the car park is at the bank of the hotel, we didnt know this before hand, parked up a side street to go and check-in and find out where the car park was, only to return to 2 traffic wardens putting a clamp on our car, we were literally 5 mins max! All in all i would recomend this hotel for style, location and value, just find out how to get to the car park BEFORE you arrive.	
Sep 18 2009 	Well located and well priced but rock hard beds means no return for us	We stayed for two nights on our way back to Australia. The Hotel is well located two minutes walk from London Bridge tube station and worked well as our launch pad. The hotel is modern and clean, however, we would not go back simply due to how rock hard and uncomfortable the bed was and the pillows were lumpy. If you are looking for a good nights sleep, unless your a very large person or commonly sleep on a bed of nails at home, you will not find it here :( Almost a perfect gem in London if not for this fatal flaw, but easily remedied. The couple who checked out before us also complained about their bed so we suspect it was not an isolated case.	
Aug 17 2009 	Modern Clean Comfortable and more	We wanted a hotel in a quiet location close to the South Bank with attached parking. This hotel fitted the needs on paper and more than came up to the mark!The staff were most welcoming, polite and efficient. The room was spacious and clean in a modern design and well equipped. Security was good as access to the corridors could only be gained by the room's swipe card.The car park, not directly controlled by the hotel, was accessed via the back door of the foyer.The continental breakfast, self service style, was extremely plentiful and varied. The hotel's location is about 20 minutes walk from the London Eye along the South Bank which to us was an advantage rather than a disadvantage.Would thoroughly recommend this hotel if its character remains the same.	
Aug 17 2009 	Ideal London Hotel	Stayed 2 nights here for a wedding in London and I would not fault the hotel or its staff on anything. The rooms were clean and modern with a little traffic noise but nothing that kept us awake. Breakfast is plentiful and set in a great room on the top floor of the hotel. Overall a good value hotel compared with some London hotels.	
Aug 13 2009 	Could not fault this hotel in any way	Firstly may I just say ,I booked the advance weekend package and I don't think I could have got better value for money in London.Very clean,spacious enough, very friendly hotel staff and location was just amazing, 2mins walk to the banks of the River Thames.Well within walking distance to major attractions.We did have a meal in the hotel and found this to be very resonable to.I would not hesitate in booking this hotel again and i would recommend to all my friends, having stayed in London a few times this year and this by far was the best hotel and I think it far better than the 3 star it quoted.	
Aug 10 2009 	fantastic Weekend break	We have just had a family weekend in London. The main purpose of our break was to see Romeo and Juliet at The Globe Theatre. This was a fantastic production. We chose the Southwark Rose Hotel because of location. It was perfect. There were many attractions within easy walking distance. The hotel staff were very welcoming and friendly. Our rooms,although rather small,had all amenities we could want including a safe. They were really clean. We enjoyed pre dinner drinks in the bar and were able to walk to local restaurants for our evening meal. I would recommend Tas Pide restaurant opposite The Globe Theatre entrance. Continental breakfast in the hotel was very substantial with good choice. None of us felt the need for a full engish breakfast. 3 members of the party were vegetarian and they could have had a vegetarian cooked breakfast. One tip; London Bridge is the nearest tube station. Take the Borough High Street west side exit to Southwark Street. It makes finding the hotel much easier. We took another exit and also a long time to find the hotel. We all want to return to this hotel	
Jul 27 2009 	Well Placed confortable and clean.	We stayed a week-end. The hotel is conveniently paced very close to Thames south bank and is comfortable and clean. Is quiet with a good shower. It has a bar/restaurant open till 2.00 am.	
Jul 16 2009 	WELL LOCATED EFFICIENT HOTEL	We stayed in this hotel for 9 nights and found it really well-located for all kinds of activities.The continental breakfast was excellent . The rooms although quite small were clean and comfortable. The area is quite quiet and we slept very well. The week-end special offer made it a good quality for the price we paid. The only negative thing we found was that instructions and important notices were only written in English- at least one other language would have been desirable.	
Jul 13 2009 	A boutique hotel	Good location, it is a fine stay for a boutique hotel, room of a fair size, food was fine and so was the service.	
Jul 4 2009 	What a rip off!	Where to begin! Room - pokey ...bathroom - good job I don't have a cat! I would never be able to swing it in that bathroom. Not to mention the fact that they DON'T PROVIDE HAND TOWELS!!! Beds - I have slept on softer floors. Reception staff - surley and indifferent and couldn't even get the booking right when we were stood in front of them!! Parking - my favourite - advertised as £20 per day online but if you take your car out of the car park after arrival and before departure you pay by the hour! Our £20 ended up costing us £28!!! Had to ask where the car park was as no visible information as how to find it. Would I recommend this hotel? Not a cat in hell's chance!!!!	
May 27 2009 	Believe the hype	Stayed at Southwark Rose hotel over the Bank holiday weekend with my girlfriend. Nice hotel, good location, on the bustling South Bank, near London Bridge station, Borough Market, etc. Even walking to Covent Garden and the touristy centre doesn't take long (especially when the sun is shining). If you can book a couple of months in advance, you should be able to get a good deal, paying less than the rates displayed in the lobby. A very good deal even, if you keep the quality and location in mind. The rooms are clean, big enough and the staff are friendly. Didn't have any meals in the hotel, so cannot comment on that. But overall, recommended.	
Apr 24 2009 	decent hotel terrible food	Spent for GBP 160 night in Southwark Rose. The loction is excellent, rooms are very small but OK but I shouldn't have finished my hamburger when I thought the taste was a bit off....draught beers were warm. Not going back here...in this area Hilton London Bridge is much better.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good value hotel well located bad breakfast!	We paid £110 per night for a double room and this offered very good value for money. Had we paid their standard rate we might have felt a little less happy, but at this price (and on a Saturday night in London) we couldn't really complain.The location is good - just a 5 min walk to the Tate Modern. You can cross the embankment at your leisure and within 15 mins you could be walking on Fleet Street. It also benefits from having London Bridge tube station a mere 4 minute walk away. DO NOT order a taxi via the hotel. We paid an extortionate £12 for a 2 minute ride to the rather soul-less Hays Galeria development. The hotel is very modern in style and the rooms are lovely. I was anticipating that they would be tiny, but they were more than adequate. We failed to get a non-smoking room (despite having requested one) and the odour of cigarette smoke was quite unpleasant at times, which is worth considering. The breakfast is reasonable value, particularly if you opt for the veggie version. For £11 you also have access to all the continental offerings. However, I couldn't recommend it. It can't be that difficult to cook a few hash browns, veggie sausages and mushrooms, but it was quite a poor quality affair. Unless it's absolutely essential to have breakfast at the hotel I would suggest avoiding it. However, at the price we paid, this hotel did offer very reasonable value for money.	
Apr 5 2009 	fantastic	The room, and hotel were very clean and all the staff were very very friendly. Having never been to London before was a little unsure where to book a hotel but very glad this is the one we decided on. The bed was comfortable and the room cosy. The restaurant staff were friendly and the food was reasonably priced and very nice. Would stay again and have recommended it to several friends.	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful Staff	We booked this hotel late at a cost of £65 per night for a double room which was excellent value.We arrived at the hotel and found the car park which is at the rear of the hotel. We got to the bar just after 10pm and not realising the time asked if they were still serving food. Although the restaurant had closed we were advised that as the kitchen staff were still there they would make us something and gace us the choice of the full menu. The food was excellent value and there is a decent vegi selection.The bar is open until 2am and also provides very reasonably priced bar snacks - chips £1.90, sandwich £3.50 from 10pm - 2am. The drinks are also not too expensive and there is free internet access.The location of the hotel is fantastic. Very close to Southwark Bridge and easy walking dstance to many attractions.The room was big enough for a couple of nights although I did find the bed a little hard and the toilet roll holder was falling off the wall.A hairdryer and iron are provided and there is a mirror built into the dressing table, which I managed to miss until we left as I kept putting my coat on the flap that you lift up!There is access to a local fitness suite / sauna free of charge although I didn't try this out.The continental breakfast was ok for £8.95 and they do a vegi cooked breakfast, which I didn't try. My husband was not at all impressed with the Full English Breakfast though.Parking is £20 per day and is also the car park for hotels a good 5 min walk away. London Bridge Tube Station is only a few minutes walk.Overall, I would definitely stay here again. It may not be the most luxurious hotel but it''s excellent value and the staff do everything (and more) to make your stay enjoyable.	
Feb 3 2009 	Good hotel	The hotel is located near the subway, so no problem to get downtown. Rooms are not very big but with a very nice interior, quiet and clean. The breakfast buffet is very nice, too.	
Feb 1 2009 	Never again!	Reading the other reviews on this site I wonder if we are even talking about the same hotel. I have never been prompted to write a negative review before - I always prefer to give the benefit of the doubt, but my experience of this place was awful . The staff were unwelcoming, unhelpful and charmless. The room was smelly (smoke, even though it was apparently a non-smoking room) and claustrophobic (not much room for more than 1 person and a suitcase), the bed uncomfortable (much too hard), the television reception very poor, the shower COLD (!!) and the breakfast very disappointing and overpriced. It was also very noisy during night. Only good thing to say was that room was clean - although this should be standard. I normally stay in one of the nearby chain hotels, but thought the Southwark Rose looked modern and interesting and decided to give it a try, depsite it being more expensive. My advice, stay at the Travel Inn down the road, it might not have such a trendy website but you will have a good nights' sleep and not leave feeling utterly ripped off. The only thing I can recommend about the Southwark Rose is the surrounding area, i.e. once you step outside the front door the experience improves dramatically. Sorry, don't have a positive note to end on - one to avoid!!!	
Jan 3 2009	Convenient Location	Just spent an overnight stay at this hotel following seeing a West End Show.It was very convenient for London Bridge Station and within easy walking distance of Thames attractions - Tate Modern, Globe, Millenium Bridge with easy access to St Pauls and other City sites. The hotel was smart, modern and quiet. Bedroom was quite large for a City Hotel, well equipped, with safe and hairdryer, dressing table/desk, 2 phones and plenty of wardrobe space. En suite shower, washbasin and toilet was also a good size. Continental breakfast had a large choice and there were good views from the 6th floor dining room. Staff friendly and helpful.Altogether a good place to stay in London.	
Dec 9 2008 	mostly good value	The hotel is mostly a good value, with everything being well up to scratch, except the beds. The bed was very firm to the point of unacceptable. The highlight, however, was the service and the staff - everyone, including front desk, restaurant and cleaning ladies were extremely helpful. They provided extra duvets to make beds softer. Free internet. Overall, good.	
Dec 2 2008 	A Rose with no thorns!	Spent 3 nights at the Southwark Rose at a special weekend rate of 85 pounds per room per night - fantastic value! The hotel is modern and comfortable with everything you need - they even had a corkscrew in the room. The bar/restaurant area provides free internet and unlimited free tea and coffee. There is a late night bar menu from 11 pm to 2 am which provides sandwiches and chips at reasonable prices great for the late night munchies!The hotel is situated just off Southwark bridge, and the South Bank. The nearest tube station is London Bridge (5 min walk) on the Jubilee line. Borough Market (Food) is also less than 5 minutes away and is an absolute must! If you fancy breakfast with a difference check out the organic porridge with stewed apples and fruit at the market on Thursday, Friday and Saturday mornings. Rick Stein recommended Cornish Pasties also went down a treat for lunch from Mr. Mowbrays stall - food heaven! For those on a tight budget ( or just fancy a great cooked breakfast in a local cafe with no fuss or fancy decor) Cafe Rossi located opposite the entrance to Borough market is a gem. Get the day off to a great start for less than a fiver!	
Nov 25 2008 	Book It Now	This is truly an exceptional hotel. From the moment we entered till our departure we felt pampered, well taken care of and extremely welcome. The staff at all levels are friendly, knowledgeable and anxious to help.The hotel is very well situated; many attractions are within walking distance.....Tate Modern, Globe Theatre ,Southbank Centre.Soutwark Cathedral,Borough market,the original Clink site museum and Tower of London. All other attractions are easily accessible by tube. Nearest station,London Bridge is a 5 minute walk and Cannon street is about 8 minutes away. The latter is handy if you're arriving in London at Victoria station,as no change is required.The decor of the hotel is sharp, clean minimalist....very relaxing. The rooms are well-appointed and comfortable. Beds are firm, rooms(to the rear) are very quiet. Rooms have a good bathroom/toilet. great power shower and good quality cosmetics. Rooms have wide screen HD tv with internet, electronic safe with internal power point enabling safe recharging of your mobile and laptop, tea&amp; coffee making facilities with top quality products(great cookies!!!) and two comfortable swivel chairs plus all the other amenities you'd expect in a top class hotel.Breakfast is a wonderful treat. We took the continental option.Large variety of top notch products....meats, cheeses, cereals ,juices fresh fruit salad,dried fruits and best of all hot porridge. Earthenware teapots are supplied along with good English tea....so no nasty teabags dangling out of cups!!! A wide variety of newspapers is available for your perusal. Small details like this make for an outstanding hotel.This was one of the most pleasant stays I've ever had in a city hotel anywhere.The staff ensured this wonderful experience....housekeeping staff do an amazing job each day.Finally, I would like to congratulate the manager( whom I didn't get the opportunity to meet) on running a top class hotel at very affordable prices. I will return to this hotel and have no hesitation whatsover in recommending it to others.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good value with the right deal	Less than 10 minutes from London Bridge station, fairly close to Tate Modern.Double room size typical for London, so compact. Clean, generally well equipped and modern. Very pleasant staff. Restaurant a bit limited for choice but quite good for what it was. I stayed two nights for total room cost £190 so good value if you get a deal.One real irritant - there's only one electricity socket in the room and the hotel doesn't have any extension leads so if you want to charge up your laptop and use a second electrical item, you're out of luck.	
Oct 4 2008	Looking for the thorn	Had stayed previously next door at the Novotel and driven mad by its split bathrooms, wanted to try something else.Room was bigger and somewhat more spacious than that at the Novotel (and not just, I think, because I ended up in a handicap room), though fittings and furnishings less plush.Still, the room has most of the basics covered, only thing really missed vis a vis the Novotel was the lack of a in-room fridge at the Rose.... Place is also run somewhat more informally than the Novotel, which is a mixed blessing of charm and carelessness; a late-night call from a friend to my room was twice mis connected, waking up some poor old lady down the hall.... Not sure if true at Novotel, but kitchen of the hotel closes at 10:30pm which can be inconvenient at times. (Also no free newspapers or magazines like in the Novotel lobby.)A benefit of the Rose is the free Internet access in the top-floor restaurant outside business hours and certain other times. Plus it's cheaper, though bill must be examined closely as I was initially billed for much higher than the confirmed rate for a couple nights till I showed my confirmation.All in all, a good deal.	
Oct 3 2008 	Hotel Parking	we stayed at hotel for a weekend break, also to go to the criterion theatre to see 39 steps which was very good. we had to get a bus to the theatre from the hotel, bus stop was by st pauls which was over the bridge from the hotel. once on the bus its about 10-15mins from st pauls. that not to bad. we could have got a tube but you have to change and get on another train.the hotel is very nice, the room was on the small size and me and my husband were bumping into each other. felt abit like sardines in a tin. however the room was clean and looks nice.we had 2 bath towels. it could have done with an hand towel awell.when i booked the hotel it states it is £16 to park your car for 24 hours on my booking form. it also states in the hotel pack in the room. it is £16 a day. we was charged £40. for 2 days. we were told it has gone up. they did not seem brothed about this and tey did not offer a refund. i have wrote to the hotel manager for a refund, we went up to the bar on the 5th floor to have a drink at 10.30pm the bar person was doing something and he did not seem interested in us. so we left after about 10mins. and went to the hotel next door for a drink.	
Sep 23 2008 	business stay	This hotel seems a very nice hotel but do not stay on the 5th floor. It is noisy. There seems to be regular noise from the 6th floor/roof, not sure if its the plantroom up there or something else but there was bangs and clanks during the night. It may need further accoustic protection! I'm not the first to report this problem on review websites.Also in the morning of my nights stay the kitchen power was down and so it was continental breakfast only for about £9!!	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved this hotel	I primarily picked this place on our European honeymoon because we had tickets to see King Lear at the Globe (it's own amazing experience). I am glad I chose where we did.The hotel is located very close to the Thames River and the heart of London. It is a bit of a walk to get to places across the river like St Paul's, but nearby is the London Bridge underground station. It is about a 10 minute walk away, but we were worried about walking from there to the hotel at night, although we had no incidents.The hotel staff was good and I had no complaints about them. Our room was on the second floor and had no view, but that was not a major problem. The room was a decent size with modern amenities. The bed was comfortable and we slept very well. Our bathroom was a bit small, but comfortable. My major complaint about the bathroom was that we only had two towels, including no floor towel, and the shower is a swinging door that leaked onto the floor.As someone who enjoys a good television, the television was very cool. I would highly recommend this hotel, and it is a good value for the cost.	
Aug 6 2008 	nice hotel!	this hotel is the perfect location!! The hotel is very modern the rooms were on the small side but spotlessly clean which in my view is more important than a huge room.the bar/restaurant on the 6th floor is nice, had couple drinks and chat with helpful and friendly barman,impressed! The breakfast was included in the rates and was a full English. It was very nice.and the staff were kind enough.If you visit on Thursday - Saturday don't miss Borough Market. The atmosphere is wonderful and there is so much high quality food . The pubs and restaurants around the market provide a great place to sit and watch the world go by.Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great hotel	Stayed here for one night as a treat after seeing a midnight showing of King Lear at the Globe Theatre, which is only a five-minute walk away. Check-in was a breeze and the room was fine; bright, clean and certainly bigger than the room we stayed in in New York at Easter that cost twice the price! Although quite large, the Southwark Rose has a boutique-y feel to it and, despite being a little off the beaten track, it's in a great location for the South Bank's offerings (the Tate Modern, Globe, City Hall, Hay's Galleria, the attractions around London Bridge - Tower Bridge is another 10 minutes or so along the river - and so on). It was good to have a safe in the room, plus an iron &amp; ironing board as standard. The large flat screen TV was a nice touch, although it responded a bit erratically to the remote! Had a drink in the 6th floor bar but didn't eat there; the menu seemed OK but it wasn't at all busy on a Friday night and didn't have the greatest of atmospheres - maybe this is more of a business hotel but at these prices it's a steal for clued-up tourists too. Only a couple of (minor) negatives: the hotel's website offers a choice of upper or lower floors - we chose upper and yet ended up with a room on the second of six floors; we also asked for a late check-out on the web booking and mentioned this again on checking in. We were advised to call reception on the morning of the check-out to confirm, which we duly did, and yet still the maid was knocking on the door a few minutes after the standard check-out time.	
Jun 14 2008 	Really Good	Nice modern hotel with a good bar. Some language barriers with the barman who, when asked if he had any nuts or Japenese rice crackers, presented us with a plate full of dry Jacobs Cream Crackers. Funny though! Very clean, comfortable hotel with contemporary design, flat screen tv and good inroom facilities. Only complaint was there only seemed to be a thin window covering which let the light in early morning. Didn't stay for breakfast so no comments there. Not brilliant for the tube if you have lots of luggage but managed to get a cab no problem outside. All in all, nice hotel which would probably be double the price if it wasn't on the southbank.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good hotel	Very nice hotel with good price value if you book a long weekend for 85 a night. I have staid in London three times before and the hotels were all awfull. So I know what to expect in a hotel in London and Southwark Rose was compared to those really good! Only remark I have to make is about the bed, it was really too hard. Furthermore the room is very modern and well equiped. I would definitely stay here again. (we did not have breakfast here, instead we went to Starbucks which is only a 3 min. walk away from the hotel).	
Jun 7 2008 	Nice room awful breakfast!	Really nice room, great it was air conditioned. Make sure you if you request a non smoking room when you book you also double check when you arrive. Breakfast was AWFUL! £12.95 for a full and continental...breakfast on my BA flight was more impressive. Bad tasting and just overpriced. Staff at front desk are not super friendly.	
Jun 3 2008 	Clean and functional but awful towels	We booked a room at the Southwark Rose as business commitments meant a late night followed by an early start. We chose the Southwark Rose for its location and its price plus it has some onsite parking available.Check In was good and the room was small but comfortable. You need your key card to access the lift which suggests to me that they may have had some issues in the past. The bathroom only had a shower but that was fine. Importantly it had a decent water pressure! The only real issue was the towels. As with many of the cheaper hotels they were small, thin and bordering on threadbare. We requested replacements but they were no better. We did not eat at the hotel so cannot comment on the food.Overall it was OK as an overnight stopover. I would not recomment it for longer stays.	
May 20 2008 	Nice And Modern	This is a nice modern hotel on the South bank of the Thames, with stylish decor.Enjoyed the stay of two nights.Only complaints are: The room could have been cleaned a little better, gave the appearance of being rushed.At breakfast the dishes and plates were not taken away when used, so the table filled up with empties. Also the English breakfast was not value for money.	
May 18 2008 	Non smokers beware!	We made a booking for this hotel in March, several weeks before our stay, and at that pointed stated a non smoking preference. When we arrived at the hotel, we showed our booking confirmation and were allocated a room. When we got into the room, there was a distinct smell of stale smoke. We opened all the windows and went out for a while, but on our return the smell was still there. Our friends who had booked at the same time (and had arrived after us) were on a different floor and had a non smoking room. They came back to our room and indeed there was a smell of stale smoke as soon as one stepped out of the lift on that floor! We then went to reception and asked for a non smoking room as stated on our booking confirmation, but the manageress was less than helpful. She said at the time of booking, we only stated a preference, and they allocated rooms as people arrived. So stating a preference on a booking form is a complete waste of time, as hotels (at least this one!) take no notice of that preference and will just give you whatever is available. When we checked in, we weren't asked if we wanted a smoking or a non smoking room. So if you definitely want a non smoking room, and book through a website and not directly with the hotel, make sure you contact the hotel and confirm that you want a non smoking room. We were able to move rooms for the second night, but were annoyed at the attitude of the manageress. She could at least have apologised. The rest of the staff we found courteous and helpful.	
May 9 2008 	Mediocre Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights because it was conveniently located just across Southwark Bridge where my office is. However, I didn't think much of it because the rooms were too small and seemed quite old as well. I had one big Samsonite luggage with me and another carry-on and there wasn't even a place to put the bags. The bathroom lacked space as well and there was no place for my toiletries. There wasn't a proper closet, more a cheap one where the door was rolling back and forth. Anyway, there are a couple of hotels in the vicinity which are much better.	
May 1 2008 	As always Excellent experience in the Southwark	This was the second time for us to stay at the Southwark. Our first visit was somewhat tarnished by a booking error, and our subsequent hanging around reception for some time whilst it was sorted out.It appears they have overcome this problem, as check-in was swift and hassle-freeThe rooms, as we remembered them, were very tidy and clean, and of a good size for a city hotel. Shower facilities were good (no bath-tub, and they are a bit stingy on the soap unless you ask for a bit more).Otherwise the room has all the amenities - hair-dryer, safe with internal socket (so you can lock away and recharge your laptop), internet-ready TV (internet is paid for, but is free at the restaurant), tea and coffee facilities (where would you be in England if you couldn't make a cuppa?).The rest of the hotel is stylishly decorated, with works of up and coming photographers lining the walls. The top floor carries the hotel's restaurant, where in the morning a fell well stocked and spread continental breakfast is served - if you had a late night the night before, pay a little extra and get yourself a full English breakfast - they do it to an art!Internet if freely available in the restaurant, and there is a big screen TV for those wishing to catch up on the news at breaky.The best part about this hotel is it's location. Its a crawl away from atleast FOUR (yes, count them) pubs, 3 minutes walk from London Bridge tube (giving you access to the Jubilee and Northern lines), and 2 minutes walk to the river. It really is central london, and whether your there for business or pleasure, you could not really find a better place.And to top things off, the usual rates are very reasonable. We got our room for EUR 100 a night, which by London standards should be the usual rate for a two star, unless you book under some special offer. I highly recommend this hotel if your looking for a clean, nice room in the heart of London, but don't feel like busting your wallet for typical London high prices.	
Mar 17 2008 	fab hotel	after looking on various websites booked this via superbreak as we were going to see prince in concert at the o2 and the after show party and wanted somewhere central that we could get home from after the concert in the very early hours. we couldnt have picked a better hotel. couple of minutes walk to london bridge tube, which connects everywhere! grabbed the tube to the o2 for a stunning concert, and at .4.30 in the morning simply got the thames clipper back to london bridge . we were amazed how easy it was.!! everything ran smoothly. a lot of the staff were foreigners but had a good understanding of the english language. ate in the hotel friday night, and really nice food, breakfast at the weekend was plentiful, continental as standard but you can upgrade to full english. we did and it was well worth it. tip - after returning from london bridge tube station cut through the car park at the back of the hotel and use back doors!!overall wonderful weekend, hotel highly recommended	
Mar 12 2008	Rose - reasonable value	A little bit out of the way, but close to Borough Market and the South Bank areas - just close to a slightly edgy area.Clinical but stylish reception and rooms, nice bar and restaurant area. Pretty good value for central London too.	
Mar 2 2008 	Had a great stay	We have just arrived back from a stay at the Southwark Rose Hotel.The location was just over the river on the south bank, it is very close to a few good pubs and restaurants on the south bank. It is a 5 minute walk to the Borough Market and just a bit further to the London Bridge tube station so very central.The rooms were clean and well proportioned. My only criticism is that there were only two smallish bath towels but other than that it was fine. We didn’t eat at the hotel so can’t make a comment on the quality. We did have a drink and found the restaurant/bar area to be very comfortable. There is also free internet access in the bar area.The hotel staff were friendly and efficient. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a short stay.	
Jan 15 2008	ripped off	nice and tidy hotel. But when it comes to checking out, that's when the hotel earns a bit more out off your pocket. When i put the parking ticket in the machine it said i had to pay £18. i'd only been parked up for 13 hours. They couldn't care less when asked if this was correct.	
Dec 15 2007 	Excellent location	Just returned from a short break staying at The Southwark Rose Hotel. The location was excellent being very close to London Bridge underground with easy connections to King's Cross and all the main London sights including The 02.The hotel reception and staff were more than welcoming and we were given a spotless room on the first floor which was very comfortable and seemed to have brand new fittings. The corridors were lit in a stunning fashion and the whole hotel had the appearance of at least 4 stars. We dined in the restaurant as we were tired after our journey and although it was quiet (it was mid week) we enjoyed our meal very much.We booked our hotel through Superbreak and we were very pleased overall as they also made the arrangements for the nearby London Eye and The Terracotta Army exhibition at The British Museum. We booked Spamalot ourselves and this was terrific and we also took the short trip by Tube to The 02 to see the Tutankhamun exhibition.We would recommend staying in this location as there are fine views across the river from here to St Pauls, Parliament etc and you are only yards away from The Millenium Bridge ,The Globe Theatre and The Borough Market.We will certainly use this hotel again as it has been a pleasant change from the bustling places we have stayed at across the river.	
Nov 5 2007 	Lovely hotel	We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel and were very impressed by it. People say you should take a star off a hotel's rating In london but not in this case, it's a VERY good 3 star and, in fact, as nice as many a four star we've stayed in. Very clean, nicely decorated rooms (Pretty much exactly as you see on the website), spotless white duvet cover instead of grotty blankets (that always gets my vote!), very nice bathroom (Shower no bath but a very big shower!). We had continental breakfast included which is in a nice setting on the top floor, comfy seats and daily papers to read. The breakfast was fine, good selection of fruit, yoghurt, pastries etc. I wouldn't pay £6.95 for it but when it's included it was very good.We LOVED the location of the hotel, GREAT atmosphere around along the South Bank of the river with new (and old!) bars, restaurants and cafes less than 5 minutes walk away. The Globe Theatre is 3 mins walk away and well worth a visit even if there are no plays on. We walked to Covent Garden in 30 minutes, a really lovely walk along the river at night with all the lights and lively atmosphere. We even walked back to the hotel at the end of the night as we enjoyed the walk so much the first time! Overall, a VERY good hotel for London, we were over for a function and talking to friends staying in other hotels, I think we did very well in terms of quality for the price we paid.	
Oct 18 2007 	Good Hotel	Well positioned on surprisingly quiet Southwark Bridge Road 300 Metres from the South Bank Riverside Walk and 400 Metres from London Bridge Underground and Borough Market. Very clean, well run hotel with modern decor. Room was well equiped and the shower was very good. The beds are firm and if you are used to a soft bed you may find them hard. Buffet continental breakfast included fresh fruit, cheese and cold meats and was good. Very good rates through Superbreak. I would stay there again. Martin Lander	
Oct 10 2007 	Worth Your Consideration	Stayed here in a double for six nights in early October 2007. No real complaints, and nothing to get really excited about. Prices varied per night but averaged about 110 pounds.I was in a fifth floor room at the back, away from the street. The room was very quiet, although I did hear a nightly series of loud thumps apparently coming from the restaurant/bar on the sixth floor. Folks along the street side should understand that traffic along Southwark Bridge Road, while very real, is considerably less than traffic in the West End.By American standards, the room was small. By London standards, typical. The decor was unoffensive, but struck me as something out of Office Depot. The bed was firm and comfortable. The pillows, all four of them, were OK but a little hard for my tastes. The only chairs provided were two small thinly padded chairs pushed up under a narrow desk laid out underneath the window. Closet and shelf space in the wardrobe was adequate for me but might challenge a couple. There's really no good out-of-the-way place to store your bags, though.The bathroom was bright and big enough. No tub, but the shower was great: powerful and as hot as i wanted it.The room offered a small TV located on a bracket up in a corner. Several pay movie channels and a small handful of BBC, ITV, Sky, and Channel 4 offerings were available. Fine for a quick check of news and weather before leaving in the morning.The AC/heating seemed pretty feeble to me. The heat eventually took the chill out of the air in the evening, when the outside temps dropped into the 50's. The unit would not be adequate on a real winter's day. The bed had a comforter, but no top sheets or blankets. As noted elsewhere, the window did not open.Staffers were competent and willing to please. The restaurant is a small narrow affair on the sixth floor, and includes a tiny bar. Didn't eat there, but I'd guess you wouldn't need to make a reservation since it didn't seem busy. No room service is offered.The restuarant offered 3 different breakfasts: a continental, an English breakfast, and a veggie version of the English breakfast, priced in the 10 pound range. Oddly, the continental was available only by prior arrangement, but was offered free if you ordered the veggie breakfast.The hotel is located a few minutes walk from the London Bridge Underground and railway station. In between is the Borough Market and several coffee shops, which are a better bet for a light breakfast. The Novotel immediately adjacent has a cafe, which might be worth trying.Pubs and such are sparse in the immediate neighborhood. The best bet for catching a snack or a drink seems to be the Borough Market area.All in all, this hotel seemed like a good deal given current London prices. If transported to the U.S. it would be seen as an economy hotel along the lines of a Comfort Inn. If you are looking for such a place outside the noisy and crowded West End, it's well worth considering. However, if you are looking for something plusher and fancier, understand that you won't find it in London at these prices.	
Oct 8 2007 	Fancy! Funky! Fancy!	We found the hotel lobby/restaurant/guest room design very funky &amp; the art work by some Japanese artist were very impressive. The corridor lighting was stunning. However, the air-con did not work as we liked so the room was a bit warm.. Can't open the windows too as it was over-looking the road (which was a bit noisy). No room service at night, but we managed to get some ice in the top floor bar. No minibar too but we did not mind it at all as we were out most of the time anyway but it'll be nice to have the option. Very central.Service was kinda rushed in Front Desk &amp; the Bar although the lady at the desk (think her name is Katie) &amp; the male manager (probably Front Office Manager or Security Manager) were very helpful. Was happy with the hotel all in all.	
Aug 20 2007 	Not artsy... just fartsy.	THE REALITY: If you're looking for a soul-less hotel that feels like a medical ward in a semi-convenient location then this is the dream bargain for you! We stayed here for (prepaid) 5 nights and were initially assigned the now infamous handicapped room. We returned to the front desk and they moved us to a smoking room without telling us. Stained yellow drapes.... seriously. Back downstairs... they finally found a &quot;suite&quot; to put us in for the night, telling us we would have to move the following morning. Nice attempt, but.... Ugh. The &quot;suite&quot; (and all of the rooms) were lousy and on par with a roadside motel in New Jersey. Hanging up partially clad shots of an asian artist does not make the place artsy... it's a band-aid on an axe wound. The &quot;included&quot; breakfast was lame and they charged for burnt lattes. No free wireless (what is this 1998?). We spent $100.00 just checking our email. The rate seemed decent, but after a little more research, we found an abundance of classier alternatives. THE GOOD: The staff did try (after being prodded), but were often tied to the grim realities of this lame hotel. London is VERY expensive, but next time we'll do better... MUCH better. STAY AWAY!	
Aug 17 2007 	Great weekend	We recently stayed at the Southwark Rose for 3 nights. Great to be within walking distance of great places such as the Royal Festival Hall where we saw Carmen.The room was fine although traffic noise audible, our only disappointment was the restaurant. The room itself was lovely and our waitress helpful, but the food was diabolical I wouldn't even describe the person in the kitchen as a cook let alone chef! My husband foolishly agreed to have the soup of day CHEESE !!! I knew he was asking for trouble and he was it was inedible.Needless to say we dined there on the first night only. That said I would recommend the hotel to friends as the tube was near by, bus tours and places of interest easily accessible. We had a great weekend.	
Jul 22 2007 	You could do a lot better for the money in London	I was allocated a disabled room, with handles everywhere, low switches and emergency buttons and cords. The bathroom, for this reason, was also fitted out for somebody in a wheelchair. My room also featured badly noise-insulated interconnecting doors - great if you need these facilities, not so great if you don't. This would make for a very &quot;functional&quot; room if you are a disabled traveller.Tiny TV 14&quot; up in the top corner of the room. Couple of light stains on the duvet cover. Cheap and nasty toiletries that neglected to include anything you could remotely identify as shampoo. Water pressure in the shower was not great either.Continental breakfast included the cheapest cuts of meat, lots of processed cheese and a coffee served from a machine. London has some terrible hotels - this is certainly NOT one of them. For me, it's a last resort if none on my preferred list of hotels in the area are available.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Hotel near Central London	Staying in London in a couple of hotels traveling for business on my own (£110 – 120 a night excl. breakfast and always noisy) the Southwark Bridge hotel was a relief.I would recommend this hotel and I definitely stay here next time I am in London.The hotel: £80 on a Sunday nightA modern furnished and clean hotel, near the Thames in a safe neighborhood. Even the elevator in the hotel is secured and can just be used by hotel guests with a smart card. Hotel staff: normal.Although the rooms are on the small side they offer you all the comfort you’ll need; a clean, modern en suite with a good shower, a nice bed with a duvet (no ‘doubtful’ blankets), an iron board and a safe deposit in your cupboard. Rooms have air conditioning, which can be switched off. The electric blinds which you can operate yourself from within your room are just fancy; I rather would have had real blinds…, without the electrics…… The windows of your room can be opened just a little. Although the main road in front of the hotel is rather quiet; I had asked for a room at the back of the hotel, with seemed to have a nice view on the London tower.The wifi connection to the Internet at the hotel room is restricted and secured by T-Mobile, which I think is disappointing. At the sixth floor, where the bar and restaurant are located, you can find two PC’s with a free ‘live’ Internet connection and a printer; nice to know if you would like to print out your boarding card for the next day? Unfortunately I have found this out the next morning when I enjoyed a continental breakfast (£9, Monday morning)Getting thereAlthough someone advised to take the Circle line form Paddington to the Mansion house station, it took me some time to get there.Perhaps taking the Bakerloo line until Charing Cross and then transfer to the Circle line to Mansion House is quicker?Leaving Mansion House station and then turn right and right again is the quickest route I quess. I turned left and left again and walked by the Millenium Bridge to the South bank of the Thames; two hundred meters to the left I was on the Southwark Bridge Road again.From the end of the bridge it’s a four hundred meters (2 minutes) walk to the hotel and on the left side of the road you will find the hotel. What I have learned from the reviews; don’t let the distances mentioned distract you upfront; it often is just a little walk.Tip:If you want to travel to the e.g. The Tate Gallery or Waterloo Station just take a boat trip organized by London Transport.The first pier east of the Southwark Bridge (100 meters) offers you several boat trips from 10AM.I took the Tate to Tate (From Tate Modern to The Tate Gallery near Millbank and it cost me £4; a nice boat trip and a wonderful view of the banks of the Thames and especially the Houses of Parliament. For maps and other travel information go to: [-]Southwark information:[-]Enjoy London.Maarten	
Jul 4 2007 	Lovely modern hotel	If you are visiting London, this hotel is the perfect location. You can walk to almost every major sight: London Eye, Big Ben, Tate modern... It is all within a 20-25 minute walk.The hotel staff was very friendly and very helpful. Stayed in a suite room... The sitting room had all you need for a night in and with the kitchenette area, you had all you would need when comming with children.The shower was wonderful - very strong water pressure and big shower heads.The rooms are very well insulated... we had a room facing the main street, but could not hear any street noise (the blinds make your late morning very nice and cosy).The breakfast was very good. It was not included in my price, but for only 9.95 per person for full english - it was really worth it!I would stay hear again... The hotel is very clean, rooms good size, staff very friendly and again, modern and new!	
Jun 14 2007 	Great little spot	Delighted to have found this great place which for us made the perfect bolthole in London. Reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was a bit on the small side but well laid out and had everything we needed. Great opportunity to visit the nearby Borough Market with plenty of stuff for foodie fans and there were plenty of cafes etc for eating just over the road and around Southwark Bridge. Two mins walk. St Paul's etc very walkable too. Made a change to be staying in a part of London that wasn't in the heartland of tourist hotels. Will return	
Jun 8 2007 	Clean modern comfortable handy to South Bank attractions.	The Southwark Rose Hotel is perfectly functional with modern décor, clean, comfortable accommodations. Quiet rooms. It is great for art lovers as it is just a 5 minute walk to the Tate Modern, Globe Theatre and other South Bank attractions. We also discovered, to our great delight, the Borough Market, open Fridays and Saturdays and just a short walk from the hotel; all manner of foodstuffs, much of it organic and artisan made products, fresh produce, in short - a great food spectacle. Plenty of pubs around but not many really good restaurants, so it's fine if you like pub food. Note: England is going smoke-free on July 1.On the downside: The breakfast at the hotel was greatly overpriced and the prices seemed to change often. For example, on a Monday a mediocre continental breakfast would have cost us £8 each, in dollars that's $16. Weekends were a little less. Instead, we went to a nearby coffee specialty place near the Borough Market that had excellent homebaked breads and pastries.The hotel was not really handy to a metro/underground stop. There are several but they were all some distance. An all day pass and bus maps got us where we wanted to go and it was much more fun to see London from the top of the double decker buses.We found a good deal for this hotel by shopping around hotel websites, but be sure you check if the prices quoted are in pounds, dollars or euros. Be sure to visit the magnificent (and free) British Museum. And always, always bring comfortable shoes.	
Jun 3 2007 	Absoultly Fab!	Lovely hotel, fab location great food, great bar, clean modern, and clean rooms and bathrooms, Great location for the shows.Definatly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great value and good quality in London!	It's rare to find a hotel in London that is good value for money and is an honest representation of its rating (3 star). I could not fault the room - it was a good size and clean. I asked for a quiet non-smoking room and was not dissapointed.I got a good rate through centralr.com for one night (£90) and got an even better rate at the desk when I extended our stay for an extra night (£68 - although they had to be gently persuaded). Car parking worked out at £14 per day (round the back - access from Thrale Street).We did not use the restaurant, but the small bar area was smokey (roll on July 1st when England bans smoking in enclosed public spaces!). You can get breakfast in the hotel for an extra charge but we walked round the corner to the Bramah Tea museum (Southwark Street under the railway bridge) and had tea and toasted teacakes there. There are a few other places around borough market as well.We stayed at the Southwark Rose for easy access to the Tate Modern, but the main South Bank attractions are only about 20 minutes walk along the river.We will certainly stay there again.	
Apr 27 2007	Nice accommodations - surly staff	We stayed at the Southwark in June of 2005 -- the rooms were spacious and the bathrooms the largest of any of our accommodations in England. Everything was quite clean. But... the front desk staff was unfriendly bordering on rudeness. Simple questions were answered brusquely and dismissively. Hopefully in the ensuing time this problem has been solved, as the location and accommodations are terrific!	
Apr 20 2007 	Recommended for short business stay	Chosen for its proximity to Waterloo station, the hotel was good for a single night business stay.Check in was fairly quick, although the double I'd booked the week before wasnt available so had to be content with a two single bed room. Although clean, the room itself was small and not particularly inviting. Definitely not a room you'd want to linger in after a late night out with breakfast in bed. One big plus was the surprising availability of cabs at 05:30 for the short drive to the Eurostar terminal at Waterloo.Ultimately I'd recommend for a short business, or good budget touriststay. This may well be a boutique hotel, but its definitely not of the 'hip' variety.	
Apr 1 2007 	Modern and minimalist.	A second recent business stay at the Southwark Rose. It is hard to find a quiet hotel in London - but stay in a room at the rear &amp; you will find a quiet night. Food is plain, home cooked with a limited menu choice, but plentiful &amp; tasty. Staff a little frosty &amp; the place lacks any character. The facillities are basic but okay for a one night stay. Overall a sterile feel to the place - no atmosphere - but no complaints either.	
Feb 12 2007 	No blankets no wake up call no service	I generally don't ask for much from a hotel, and I have traveled all over Europe. But the Southwark Rose sinks to new lows, unworthy of a hotel in a capital city. The rooms actually are quite nice and the beds very comfy. But the front desk neglected to give me my wake-up call the first morning and were unapologetic about my missing an important business meeting. When I requested a blanket that evening, the staff took my information and never brought a blanket or told me it was not coming. Much of the staff has only a passing knowledge of the English language so communication is dicey. I would recommend the hotel only if you are entirely self-sufficient and in need of a bed and shower only. The breakfast is inedible and the location is pretty remote.	
Feb 12 2007 	great stay at the Southwark Rose	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for a theatre break . We arrived at Heathrow and on advice from a trip advisor member we took the Piccadilly line changed at Hammersmith to the district line and got off at Mansion house. Take 2 right turns out of the station and walk over the Southwark bridge the hotel is a five minute walk after the bridge .If you are worried about getting lost this is the most straight forward route.Check in was quick and easy and i had a non-smoking room on the second floor.The hotel is very modern the rooms were on the small side but spotlessly clean which in my view is more important than a huge room. The bathroom was equally small but the shower was brilliant. We had a continental breakfast which was the usual type of food, cereal, toast etc we never had to queue for breakfast despite the hotel being busy. This has to be one of the quietest hotel rooms i have ever stayed in despite our room facing the road we heard very little noise, none of the usual door slamming and dragging of luggage.As for eating out in the area there are several restaraunts on both sides underneath the bridge. Pizza , Greek and Portugese to name a few. If you are looking for a hotel in the centre of London then this hotel is not for you but we were happy to walk and use the tube system which was very easy to follow. Overall i would denfinately use this hotel again and had a lovely break. We went to see The Sound of Music which was excellant.	
Jan 30 2007 	Ok bit of a mess up with the booking	This review could have been better. We booked this hotel for NYE and booked it well in advance at a special rate. When we checked in they tried to charge is the standard rate which for NYE was a lot more. The girl on checkout tried for a short while to say this was the rate and we had to pay it but the manager did amend this hassle free shortly after.Then when we went to our room and discovered they had given us a smoking room when we booked non-smoking and it stank so much (anyone who doesn't smoke would know the thought of having to sleep in a smoking room is not nice)We went back to reception to change rooms and were told that all the non smoking rooms were booked and all that was left was smoking so we had no choice but to try another room and see if it stank as bad as the previous one. We had to make do in a smoking room which is not good if you don't smoke and I was not impressed by this.Other than this the hotel is fine, lobby is nice and rooms are ok, the bar on the 6th floor is nice.Location is good easy walking distance from the tourist attractions.I would probably not stay here again, club quarters in St Pauls is half the price and the same standard.Although this is a negative review don't be totally put off the hotel is clean and location good and if you get a good rate it would be fine!	
Jan 16 2007 	Modern hotel	We stayed at the Southwark Rose for 1 night while on a theatre break. The reception area was quiet and modern but the staff were not particulary welcoming. The room was quiet but pretty small. The bathroom was lovely with very good shower. The beds were very hard! Overall we enjoyed are stay and we had a good deal from superbreaks. I would however stay nearer to Covent Garden if I were to come again.	
Dec 20 2006 	Superb Stay	Stayed here at the beginning of December and absolutely loved the hotel. I had booked it for a group of 12 and everyone was delighted with the choice. The rooms were spotlessly clean and ideal for us, particularly as the price was so reasonable. We ate in the restaurant and the food was good. The staff were all friendly. Would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 11 2006 	Usurped	I would like to give this hotel a positive review but I can't. When we arrived to check-in we were told that the hotel was overbooked by 20 rooms, the reservation had been made 2 months earlier.We were marched to another hotel that was not our choice. This incident was very disappointing because the hotel had been selected for its good reviews on Trip Advisor.Confirmation of a booking is no guarantee of a room in this hotel!	
Nov 3 2006 	Modern and Convenient Hotel	We stayed here after reading the reviews and were not disappointed. The hotel was modern and clean with helpful staff, not that we had to bother them much. It was in a great location - A couple of minutes walk to the Tate Modern on one side and London Bridge station on the other side. My only criticism would be that the rooms were on the small side but we didn't spend too much time there, too busy sightseeing.	
Nov 1 2006 	Not bad for London	We booked directly with the hotel as it was the cheapest quote. Overall, i think it was fair value in a good location. Pity about the lack of parking facilities and the breakfast was mediocre but otherwise it was okay. The staff were a bit lazy and unhelpful but, overall as far as London hotels are concerned it provides good value in an okay position for anyone either doing business or visiting central London	
Oct 28 2006	Clean and neat	Booked this hotel for 1 night having read the reviews here. A lovely hotel. Very clean, staff very hospitable, breakfast very good. All in all, an excellently priced hotel and would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2006 	Great location and fantastic value for money	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on here - it was for a surprise trip to London for my boyfriend's birthday so it needed to be great, but also within a certain budget. Well, it was even better than I expected, especially for a 3 star rated hotel. The staff were courteous, although we didn't really have to say much to them other than to check in and check out. At breakfast, they were fairly brisk, but not impolite and I noticed that they were very helpful to other guests who did have queries.The room itself actually looked exactly like it does on the pictures (I was beginning to think this was unheard of) - it was clean, and spacious and the bathroom was clean and well designed. The shower was excellent too (i've never used such a powerful shower in a 3 star hotel!) The blackout blind is a thoughtful and useful touch to the room. I found it to be nice and quiet when we got back (at about 2.30am) and with the blind down a restful night's sleep was easily achieved.We didn't use the restaurant other than at breakfast time so I can't comment on the general menu. However, I highly recommend the breakfast - the continental breakfast was varied and continually refilled, even near the end of the breakfast period (which incidentally runs to 11am at weekends, which is gratefully received when you stay out until the middle of the night!) My boyfriend turned down the offer of upgrading to the full breakfast as he'd assumed it was also served buffet style (we've had this happen before, and it really wasn't worth it, very poor quality) but we later discovered it is actually cooked to order and looks delicious, so if you're tempted, from what other reviewers say too, then go for it!I had initially worried about the location but it was actually fantastic having great access to London's South Bank, the London Eye etc, and it didn't take too long to walk into more central areas of London. (So it's a great spot for seeing London as a tourist) It is also only about 5 mins walk to the London Bridge tube station which of course means you're instantly connected to the rest of London anyway.I recommend this hotel very highly!	
Sep 22 2006 	worst hotel I have ever stayed in in London over 25 yers	Welcome: very poor; it was 30degress outside, I was struggling with luggage through the revolving door only one working) three healthy young women in reception watching but not helping (I am 60). Another guest had to help me. When challanged on this hotel management said they don't provide this service (it would mean the tarriff wouldhave to be increased!) but &quot;staff would help if asked&quot;. This was not my experience.Dealing with problems: There was a phone charge on my account for four minutes to a number I did not know. As a matter of principle I do not use hotel phones: I prefer my mobile. When this charge appeared I asked to have it investigated. instead I was told that I was in the room at the time and their rechnoolgoy was never wrong: so I would have to pay. The other technology advantage they advertised were in-room safes. The safe in my room did not work. On enquiring I was told that it had stopped working some time before and they decided not to re-activate it in case it failed again.!!Management of the complaint: Dissatisfied with the attitude of the staff and my experiences at checkout (the phone bill and the implication that I had lied about the phone) I asked to see the Manager. He was too busy to see me then; I offered to return later that day, my plane left that evening, but he would be too busy to see me at that time too!!Finally on my return home I lodged a complaint with the booking agent; after three attempts to get a responnse and weeks later, I was told (not by the elusive manager, but one of his staff) that I should have asked for help and that because I was in the room at the time I must have made the call. (Is it possible that I can make phone calls and not remember?)The hotel was clean and the ariconditioning worked	
Jul 24 2006	Had a lovely stay at the Southwark Rose	We were visiting london for the weekend and booked this hotel online via their website. It was below average price for b&amp;b in central london and also offered VERY cheap parking.The hotel is verystylish and modern. The staff are helpful and efficient, and we had a swift check-in and check-out. The rooms are small, but have everything you need, including electric blinds (very exciting!) and steam free mirrors in the bathroom!The bed is lovely with a giant square pattern headboard. It is very clean, well kept and very inviting. We were going for tea at the ritz so were only going to have a small breakfast, but with the massive selection ot tasty cold meats, cereals, yoghurts, juices and spreads, we ate a huge breakfast - it was delicious!Would recommend as a romantic break, or just as a place to stay in london. Oter reviewers are right,. its not that central, but it is only 2 minutes from london bridge tube station so we had no problem getting around.highly recommended - book on their website for discounts on rates!	
Jun 12 2006 	Clean clinical modern quiet	The Southwark Rose is located on Southwark Bridge Road, which is quite busy but is surprisingly quiet after about 10 PM. If you want guaranteed quiet ask for a room at the rear of the hotel. The hotel is well placed, but a little out from the main attractions, but good tube &amp; travel comnnections mean this is not a problem. Reception staff are coolly efficient and the whole place feels like a modern private hospital - clean, clinical and no frills - no real ambience - but high quality and peaceful . Food is good, plentiful and freshly cooked. Overall a quaity place - if you are on business or visiting and want quiet, quality accomodation with a bit of class you will be well satisfied here.	
Apr 29 2006	Glad we stayed here. Great location for the south bank.	We don't mind a bit of walking so this hotel was ideal for us. Modern /quiet /clean/near enough the National Theatre to walk back at night. The walk way by the Thames was pleasant at all times of the day or evening. I'd stay here again. You may upgrade from the Continental breakfast for £4, and get the cooked breakfast which was different from anything I had seen before. Almost a work of art with a frill on top!! In the middle of the plate you have a scewer of gammon steak, steak, and a huge cumberland sausage which was delicious. All sorts of breakfast items served with it. More a main meal than a breakfast. Would be adequate for anyone. We went back to the Continental for our 2nd and third morning, it was very good too. As others have said the bed is very firm, but not a problem for us. We found the staff very nice and attentive. I would recommend a visit to the Gilbert Collection at Summerset house, I drooled over the fantastic collection of ABOUT 200 jewel encrusted snuff boxes for ages. The history behind some of them was captivating. The Collection is on the opposite riverside from the hotel just a short distance from the actual Sommerset house entrance. the building in the photo is worth having a walk round. It's nicknamed the Gherkin, actual name 30 saint Mary's Wynde. The other location was within reasonable walking distance to the hotel, I think it tooka leisurley about 25 minutes.	
Apr 13 2006	A Gem	Just back from a fantastic weekend in London.The Southwark Rose Hotel is a lovely clean and friendly hotel.The room was immaculate and the breakfast is well worth the £8.99 for buffet style which includes full fry.All the tourist attractions are within easy walking distance and the tube and train station are also so close.Would highly reccomend this hotel and we are looking forward to our next visit.	
Jan 30 2006	Amazing Value; Not Perfect	Unlike the previous reviewer, I did not think that the location of the Southwark Rose was too inconvenient. If I wanted to be right in the middle of things, I would have shelled out the extra 100 pounds to stay there. Instead, the Southwark Rose is a clean, contemporary hotel in a quiet area within easy walking distance of the London Bridge tube station. All at an unbelievable value (we paid £105).I found the staff to be friendly enough (the girl at the desk remembered later at checkout that I had mentioned that my last visit to London was 20 years ago and she asked how my most recent visit was - a nice touch), but not over the top good. Pretty consistent with this type of hotel and star rating.As I expected, the room was small but comfortable. The finish out was modest and contemporary - with a simple and clean stylishness to it. The door to the bathroom was cleverly done such that you could close off only the toilet or the entire bathroom depending on the level of privacy demanded. My only nit was that the TV was tiny and the channel selection was pretty limited. But since I did not go to London to watch the TV, I really cannot complain.Okay, so the Soutwark Rose is not perfect, but for all that it offers at a 50% relative discount to similar quality hotels in the city, I will stay there every time I return to London.	
Jan 28 2006	Decent enough hotel shame about the location	We stayed in this hotel for a weekend out in London, for 6 people.The hotel is pretty decent. Decent room size (for London, anyway), decent bathroom with a good shower, decent staff (they were fairly pleasant to us, we didn't experience the problems of other members).The room, decor and experience fits pretty well with its 3 star rating. I'd say that's quite accurate.However, the biggest problem for us was the location.It's a 15 minute walk to the nearest tube station which may not sound a lot, but it's a pain in the rear when you want to go out shopping or out for the night, when the tubes close at just gone midnight or you have a load of bags to carry back to your room.It's right near the Financial Times building, and the area is DEAD (although, if you follow the stairs down next to the FT building, there's a nice restaurant area with a Nandos and a few other trendy looking places).If you want to be in the heart of the action- and by that, I mean Leicester Square, Picadilly Circus, Oxford Street, etc- I would not recommend this place unless you like walking or don't mind calling a cab everywhere you want to go.All in all, it'll take you about 30-40 minutes to get to each of these places with the walking, the tube changes, etc. Again, this may be fine for some people- but for a group who just wanted to go out shopping and out for the night, it was a bit of an inconvenience.The hotel itself is decent enough, but there are a few niggles that were a little frustrating...1. Using the Internet wirelessly was very expensive- 13 pounds for a 24 hour pass. That's about $20-- and the connection was VERY slow, too... almost dial-up at times (they have free Internet access upstairs using their own computers, though-- but it's not the same if you need to download your email or work from your own laptop).2. There was no room service. They DO have a bar/restaurant upstairs, but that stops serving their full menu pretty early- and up to 2am, you can only get chips, onion rings and other crappy foods.3. Their restaurant service in the early evening was STUPIDLY SLOW. My friend and I ordered a burger- and with just 1 other table occupied in the restaurant, it took them *45 minutes* to bring the food to the table (and even then, they forgot the side orders-- which took an additional 15 minutes).And believe me, the food was NOT worth waiting for (or the 30 pound bill that came with it!)4. The rooms was decently decorated, but there were scuff marks on the walls, and little things like the toilet roll holder hanging off its hinges annoyed me. These kinds of things should be checked regularly and resolved- it's not a big deal.5. The staff messed up my reservation. I told them, via phone (twice) and during check-in (a further 2 times) that we wanted 1 double room and 1 suite for the first night and 2 doubles and 1 twin the second, because another member of our party was coming that 2nd night and it made sense.A fairly simple request, you would think, but it caused a great deal of confusion for them. They asked me to a) phone them to confirm this, b) confirm this via email... and then on the Saturday morning, two of the rooms still got calls to check-out, when I had told them 4 times previously that we would be simply switching rooms and NOT checking out until the Sunday.They charged it all to my card, as requested, and the amounts were eventually right-- however, when I got home, I received an email saying that 2 of our party didn't show... how they came to that conclusion, I have no idea.Overall, a decent enough hotel with fairly decent rates (we paid 75 pounds per room, per night- except for the suite, which was 120)-- but the location and the room for improvement would very likely mean that I won't be returning there in the future.	
Dec 27 2005 	Modern and confi but with awful staff	A very modern hotel South of the river in what used to be a run-down neighborhood some years ago. The area still keeps its dark side in some parts but one is very close to the Tate, the London bridge and Waterloo. My wife and I felt very safe walking from the tube to the hotel at night, with just a couple of weirdos asking for cigarrets, but nothing different from NY or Chicago. I always stay nearby the Soho while travelling for business, due to the proximity to my office, but most hotels over there are just outrageously expensive for what you get. The Rose is modern, well located, clean and confortable. Sure, the rooms are not as big as one is used to in the US, but excellent for London standards. The restaurant is quite good for a couple of days if one does not want to dinne outside. In summary, a fair deal. The only caveat: part of the staff is very unpolite and not at all helpful. Also the service tends to be very slow and not corteous when they are under pressure. But, if you do not need to talk to them, who cares?	
Nov 17 2005	near the tate modern	A great hotel at a great price (buy via lastminute) very convenient for the tate modern 5 minute stroll along the thames. The room was modern very clean and had everything we needed. As with alot of hotels the breakfast is overpriced if you just want the basics - but you can get that somewhere else.	
Nov 2 2005	Excellent value	Stayed for 2 nights this last weekend.I chose this place based on previous reviews here,and that it was cheapest,65GBP per room,booked direct with hotel.Modern,clean hotel,easy access to tube and mainline stations.Bedroom ok size wise,clean,and quite trendy.Plenty of bars and restaurants nearby,as well things to see and do.I thought this hotel was very good value for money,and I would definately stay again.	
Oct 28 2005	Nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel because of its location. Room was not very big, but clean and very modern feel. The whole hotel is very modern. I agree the staff was not the best. They seemed to not know the area and did not have much initiative. There are some food places nearby and it is a short walk to the tube station. No internet in the room, but free interent in the bar/restaurant on 2 PC's. One was down while I was there, but I was able to plug my laptop in and use it. Very nice hotel.	
Oct 23 2005 	Will stay here again very nice!	I recently stopped at this hotel when in town for a meeting in Canary Wharf. The hotel cost me £100 per night which I thought was a bargain for the standard of accommodation I experienced. On past visits to the city I have paid more and received a poor quality of hotel. The reception is very trendy, all black and white photography and stylish décor. My room was on the fourth floor. The room was an average size for a London hotel. The bathroom did not have a bath but did hold a very impressive and contemporary shower. The bedrooms were very stylish and cleverly designed. The window even had an electronic black out blind instead of curtains!The room was very clean, had internet access for my laptop and a TV which had UK satellite channels you would not normally find in a hotel (e.g. E4).The hotel restaurant is on the top floor. I ate there for my evening meal and breakfast with my colleagues. The food/drink choice and quality is good and excellent value for money. The top floor also had an area with a huge plasma screen to watch TV. This was very popular as an England football match was on when I stayed. When I checked out for my meeting in Canary Wharf, it was very easy to get a taxi and was only a 15 minute cab ride away. I will definitely be stopping here again when I am in London for business. However if you are in London for pleasure you need to be nearer to the centre. I would recommend a hotel based within Holborn!	
Sep 29 2005	Good value for money	A quite nice place to stay considering what you usually get for these prices in London. The hotel is modern, everything is clean and confortable to use (bathroom, shower...). I recommend it for those who can't afford to much but still want to avoid flea-pits...	
Sep 21 2005	A nice surprise	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for one night during a quick trip to London. The hotel is easily accessible from London Bridge Tube station, the rooms are modern, clean and airy, and the shower is wonderful! We had a lovely dinner in the restaurant where there was an offer on for a three course meal for £14.95 and all drinks were on 2 for 1. In a city where I regularly feel somewhat ripped off, this was a really pleasant surprise. I read previous reviews saying the staff were unhelpful and unfriendly, but I didn't find this to be the case - I suppose it depends what you are asking of them, but my check in and out went very smoothly, they arranged a taxi for me with no problems and the staff in the restaurant were very polite, even if they were still working on their English! All in all a great experience, and I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Aug 25 2005 	some weird staff nice location	Nice, stylish, clean, but don't expect any internet in the room or any gusto from the staff to do something about this. first they told me to call T-mobile myself, then someone else said that it hadn't been working in a long time and that that probably wouldn't change for some time to come. Also rather funny: when asking directions to Waterloo station (which is supposed to be really nearby) the girl at the reception told me she had no clue. When I just checked in I was also chased out of my room in horror by an awful piercing sound. On asking at reception they informed me dryly to be 'testing the fire alarm'. Just the sound of it. Thanks for not warning me...Slept like a baby otherwise, and for every rather weird member of staff they also have a very friendly and helpfull one working there. Loved being so close to Tate modern and the Thames. Liked the smell of the hallways... Would go again, but maybe wouldn't bother to bring my laptop.	
Aug 1 2005	Excellent Hotel For A Great Price	My family of four stayed for 1 week at the Southwark Rose Hotel in London. This is an excellent hotel in a great location, south of the Thames River and near the Southwark Bridge and London Bridge. We stayed in a family suite which included 2 rooms with a queen size bed in one room and a sofa bed in the other. Both rooms were equipped with their own television, telephone, large window, closets, tables, chairs and shelves. The rooms are good sized and our family suite also included a small kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, sink and dishes which was perfect for breakfast and eating a light supper. There was also a bathroom which consisted of 2 rooms with a toliet in one and the other had a big beautiful shower and sink. Toiletries and hair dryers were provided by the hotel. The room was immaculate, cleaned every day, dishes washed, fresh towels, beds made, just an excellent value for the $$. The rooms are also very, very quiet. We never heard sounds from the hallways or other guest rooms and the best thing was we never heard the noise of the tv or radio from our teenage daughter's connecting room at night. The hotel is in an excellent location. The nearest tube is the London Bridge stop on the new Jubilee line and is a 5 minute walk. Ask at the desk for a shortcut to the tube. (If you go out the back door of the hotel through the parking lot it's a short walk.) We didn't figure it out until the 3rd or 4th day of our stay. Many London attractions are within walking distance. You can easily walk to the Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe Theater, St. Paul's Cathedral and the Tower of London. We even walked along the Jubilee Promenade (on the south side of the Thames River) to the House of Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace. This is a longer walk but beautiful scenery if you take your time. There are many restaurants along the river near the hotel and even grocery stores.Another plus is the Borough Market which is under the London Bridge and sells fresh produce and baked goods. The hotel also provides free internet/e-mail access on a computer in the restaurant. This we really appreciated because we were in London during the terrorist attacks and could e-mail family. We booked this hotel as a package through cheap fares (an Expedia branch) but you can book directly online with the hotel also. I will definitely stay at the Southwark Rose again and highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2005	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Southwark Rose in late June/early July 2005. It was a very comfortable place for our family of four (mom, dad, son age 20, son age 12). We had a suite which consisted of a bedroom, sitting room with fold out couch bed, small kitchenette (sink, micro, small fridge) and a very comfortable bath with shower (no tub -- which was fine with us). The area was easy to get around, London Bridge tube and rail station were about 1/2 mi walk away. There is a nice (though pricey) restaurant upstairs. They serve a decent continental buffet breakfast (not included in our room) including yogurt, cereals, breakfast breads, meats, cheeses and fruit. Don't order bruschetta -- unless you like a half hamburger bun topped with margarine and a tomato slice! The staff were unfailingly polite and helpful, but not necessarily knowledgable about the area. We needed to do laundry during our stay, but the staff couldn't find a laundromat (laundrette), though they tried to check online. We did find a laundrette on Long Lane, (asked a lot of locals before we found it!) about a mile from the hotel, but take a rolling suitcase to haul the clothes. Overall, I would highly recommend the hotel for a short or long stay.	
May 2 2005	Excellent Experience		
Mar 13 2005	Smart central budget hotel		
Mar 8 2005	Impressive		
Feb 17 2005	disappointed		
Feb 17 2005	Excellent Place to Stay		
Jan 15 2005	Little gem!		
Oct 14 2004	Great Hotel		
Sep 27 2004	Great place despite poor service		
Jul 5 2004	Great little find - a superb bargain		
Jul 2 2004 	modern bargain in london		
Oct 8 2009 	Cinque giorni a Londra		
Jul 1 2009 	Pulito e carino		
Jun 12 2009 	Für das lange Wochenende in London		
May 25 2009 	Genial		
Jan 13 2009 	Très bel hôtel superbe week end.		
Aug 29 2008 	Excelente hotel		
May 24 2007 	hotel comodo e dai buoni servizi		
Jan 16 2007 	Ottimo albergo moderno in Londra		
