	Pleasantly Suprised !	Stayed here while attending the ATP Tennis Finals at the O2 Arena. I booked the hotel for economy and practical reasons to be near our digs when leaving the o2 late at night.After booking ......I then turned to Trip Advisor (!!! Not the way its supposed to work ...read reviews then book !!) Half the reviews hated the place the other half satisified .We where pleasantly suprised , expecting the worst the hotel was well located and safe , front staff polite and helpfull.Room basic but definately clean ...especially the bathroom.Will use again .	
Nov 22 2009 	Excellent location and buffet friendly and helful staff	Went on the £19 offers travelodge is a very short walk to the docklands railway .Staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms was brilliant but our daughters did smell a bit stale Restaurant was excellent had drinks in bar first night and had a wonderful breakfast in morning, there was a que to get in but it didn't effect the quality and cleaness. I would definitly go back again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Don't bother!	Booked in here for 2 nights by the company we were doing some work for. Not our choice but we thought it would be okay. Until we arrived. The receptionist was rude and unhelpful, hotel dirty and smelly. Needs total refurbishment. Silly things like no TV remote were annoying. Bathroom grubby and shower curtain disgusting. Breakfast was a farce - so awful you had to laugh. They hand you a cold plate as you enter the restaurant so that you can plate up your own sawdust sausages, cold scrambed (we think) egg and goodness what else it was all supposed to be. The bread for your toast was still in its packet and had to be put through the toaster three times to get it a light toasting! Generally awful and we will definitely not stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	You get what you pay for a London bargain.	I wouldn't recommend this hotel to holidaymakers, but if you're on a short trip and need to visit the O2 or the Excel centre, it's perfect. Buy the breakfast online with a discount or get it as part of a deal with the room and it's a bargain. I would not pay for the breakfast at reception. There are facilities to make coffee in your room, which doesn't taste too bad. You can pick up breakfast snacks near the DLR or at the service station about a 5 minute walk away.If you do buy the breakfast, it's actually worth the money if you or your friends/partner like a cooked English breakfast. I just ate the croissants and muffins, but it was nice to have the choice, The trick to getting breakfast to yourself is to go relatively late in the morning, around 9:30 am (breakfast runs until 11!) That way you miss the morning rush on tube, anyway.There isn't really anywhere to eat around the hotel - but you are in London, so you could just get the tube and eat in some brilliant restaurants; we went to the Bento Cafe in Camden.The room is very basic and the fabric on our sofa was worn. There was limescale in the toilet bowl, but this is difficult to get rid of in London because Thames Valley Water is very hard. Otherwise, the room, towels and linen were all very clean. The rooms are also quite big for a budget European city hotel. The plumbing and shower strength are better than what I have at home.The staff are quite friendly, though we did get some funny looks when we left the room in fancy dress. The bar was open until late and was reasonably priced by London standards. The selection of drinks wasn't brilliant, but I've seen worse. Annoyingly, when there is a band playing at the O2, they will play music by that band in the bar all day. Green Day were playing when we stayed, and now I don't want to hear any Green Day again for a long time.I am someone who goes to London about 3 or 4 times a year on a tight budget. I have stayed in Association Youth Hostels before to cut costs. Although hostels are value for money, so is this place. If you book early enough in advance, this hotel costs only slightly more than some hostels and you get your own room and bathroom, instead of sharing with 5 strangers. I might not need that YHA card for a while!	
Oct 19 2009 	Not awful but by no means good!	We stayed here for 2 nights as it was close to the o2. It was basic which is the norm with a travelodge but i found the sheets had not been cleaned properly and the carpet cant have been hoovered as there was a broken finger nail on the floor. Parking was paid per day at the reception.Staff were ok. Bar served drinks till late and there were a few vending machines for snacks.Reception very busy and took a while to get checked in even though it was 10pm.	
Oct 11 2009 	A pleasant surprise	We were apprehensive after reading some of the reviews on here, but had a pleasant surprise. The room was adequately clean, the shower was hot and powerful enough and the bed was very comfortable but could have done with more/bigger pillows. It was very convenient for the DLR. Breakfast was busy but still very organised compared to other hotels we have stayed in. We also had an evening meal which was delicious and very reasonably priced. Would highly recommend as an affordable hotel for visiting London.	
Sep 21 2009 	HIDEOUS - Would not stay here again!!!	I have absolutely no idea where these positive reviews came from, they must have been a massive variance of room quality!!!!I stayed in room 28, ground floor.. Walking into reception the usual basic nature of a travelodge is evident with friendly reception staff....Walking to my room, the corridors are extremely old and dirty looking, at one point I could smell urine and this was to be only the start of the experience... Walking into my room the carpets were old and worn, there were stains on the wall that looked as though someone had either thrown food or something at it.... It was all extremely grubby not the usual clean but basic room (I have stayed in a lot of travelodges and other hotels)...The bathroom was horrifying, looked like a public toilet and there was only a shower - no bath with a manky old stained shower curtain... absolutely vile!The bar / cafe looked like a service station but actually the food was cheap and cheerful so all was not lost...Would not recommend this hotel the Holiday Inn Express - Limehouse is another budget alternative....	
Sep 14 2009 	A Pleasant Surprise	This place had come in for some criticism from other reviewers so I was slightly apprehensive about staying there, but I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it's basic and there are more comfortable places to stay in London, but I'd have to sell an internal organ or two in order to be able to afford such accomodation. It's a Travelodge: you have to expect it to be basic. As long as it's comfortable, clean and the staff are helpful - all such criteria were fulfilled - you can't go wrong.It's easy to find from the DLR station (East India). Just cross the footbridge signposted for the town hall and it's just behind the big office blocks. It's a 2-3 minute walk. On the other side of the station, you have a supermarket that's open til 10pm (8pm on Sundays) where you can pick up some basic provisions. It's only six stops on the DLR to get to central London and the O2 Arena is just across the river, where you can find a number of restaurants and entertainment venues. All very convenient! The hotel has a perfectly adequate restaurant if you don't want to travel any further to eat. Again, it's basic, but reasonably priced.The only criticism I have to make is concerning the toilets in the hotel's restaurant. The Gent's toilet was in a particularly unpleasant state - obviously, I can't comment on the Ladie's loos - and that could really put you off your food! Otherwise, I enjoyed my stay and I'll definitely stay there again in future.	
Sep 10 2009 	Quiet and comfortable	Just a two minute walk from East India DLR station it's perfect for a short break in London. The food in the restaurant/cafe is average but it's handy if you arrive late and don't want to travel far for a meal, as there are no other places to eat in the immediate area. The O2 is a great place to go for something to eat if you want to avoid the busy city centre, with plenty of choice from Thai, Italian, Chinese, Pizza etc, and there's a Japanese sushi bar opening soon. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the lobby has vending machines with snacks and drinks if you've forgotten to get something at the shop, and also two computer terminals if you need to check anything online. There's an outside seating area for smokers and some shelter from the rain if the weather turns. The staff are pleasant, friendly and willing to help if you have any queries. When i'm planning my next trip to London this is the first place i'll be checking for availability.	
Sep 6 2009 	Pretty Damn Good	Check in was very fast, Clean room ( Beds, Bathroom and Furniture ). Location ok, Shut the window and you can't hear any noice. Staff were good, Food was excellent ( Cheap &amp; cheerfull!!!!!! ). All round good experience.Overall have no complaints.Peace.	
Sep 3 2009 	Passable but only Just	Came down for a 4 day trip at the Docklands Travelodge. The hotel is based on what is really a nice Industrial Estate, if driving you need to be let in, to parkers in the car park try to stay to the right hand side as most of the vandalism is caused to cars on the left hand side (just past the bar). Reception will try to sell you the breakfast for £7.50 per head, dont bother with this as if you walk out of the hotel and bear right , take a right at the first park bench on the right hand side (5 min walk) you will find an Italian restraunt (very average but only £5 a meal), a newsagents (great for cheaper drinks (open till 6pm) and best of all a sandwich shop / cafe (open until about 3pm) -its just past the newsagents that does a superb Bacon sandwich for £2.50 or a full english for £4. There is also a store that does alcohol over the DLR bridge on the other side which is well priced and open until at least 10pm.The Hotel itself is basic, typical Travelodge fair and could do with some TLC, the room (stayed on upper floors) was of adequate size, bed was clean, seat was bloody awful and uncomfortable while the bathroom had some mildew and grot around the toilet and curtain, but just about acceptable.One major issue I found with the staff was that it was nearly impossible to get a replacement loo roll, in the end I gave up and bought a pack from the store, another thing I never understand is why you always only get 3 pillows, credit to the reception I got another when I asked (Although the first offered was dirty)All said and done its a basic but acceptable hotel if all you want is a base, just dont expect any frills or extras, ok for 2-3 days but any longer than that is pushing it unless you are on a very tight budget.Transport links are reasonably good with Canary Wharf being 10 mins away on the DLR and central London being about 20-25 away. I would say eat or bring something back as the bar is reheated stuff and not worth the elevated prices but there is not anything close bar the DLR to Canary Wharf (Heron Quays for the excellent shopping centre which houses Nando's, Tiffinbites, Burgers and the all great Wagamama (ate there 3 times :))	
Aug 25 2009 	Good for London sightseeing	Well, it's a Travelodge so you know what you are getting - hot water, decent beds, adequate room, TV etc, cannot fault the value as we got the room on one of the offers. I have stayed in a few of them but there are always a few differences in the locations, if not the rooms so here are the things we found out from this one:There is a bar/cafe attached but if you are just looking for somewhere to buy a sandwich or pint of milk you may be caught short as it is in the middle of office blocks so the couple of shops there close after office hours and don't open at weekends. If visiting London, eat out before you return.Rooms can be noisy at the back and front of the Travelodge as there is buildng work going on in front and various fan/air conditioning type noise from the office blocks. Closing the windows helps but makes the room hot.Internet access can be bought for £1 for 20 mins - OK to check online for info for travelling the next dayThere are often coach parties staying - if you have booked breakfast, ask if there are coach parties as they always seem to be up early and needing to eat all at the same time which causes large queues for seats for the cafeParking is £5 per day if resident (cheaper rate) - when you check out, if you want to park your car it can cost up to £22 for over 4 hours extra. There is a cheaper car park at E14 4AE (by the West India Quay station) for about £1 per hour - we moved our car here for the final day and travelled in by DLR as usualStaff at the Travelodge - we found that the coffee &amp; tea was not replenished and I had to go and ask for extras (I was at the reception desk behind a man asking for more toilet paper so perhaps they are on an economy drive?). I would also recommend to the staff, in the interests of professionalism, that they try not to argue loudly over the reception area in earshot of guests about dissatisfaction with their various shift patterns, holiday times, how their wage rise was turned down and how they feel that other members of staff are getting preferential treatment. Save that for your manager.All in all, I would say that this is a good place to base yourself for a city break or sightseeing trip - easy to get into the underground stations from the DLR link and reasonable rates.	
Aug 12 2009 	Do Not Stay Here With Children	With two children aged 3 and 6, a family room was booked.On arrival on Sunday 9th Aug 2009 we were told that everything was made up and ready. The family room allocated to us was facing the main A12, an incredibly busy, noisy main road which kept the children awake for both nights. The room could not be changed as it was 'made up' being the receptionist excuse. The excuse was made up more like! What twaddle - I had to pull out and make the two single beds myself. I had to walk back to reception to get the correct number of towels as they had put two out for the four of us.After a night of very little sleep came the battle of the plates. A massive queue to get in to the dining area, as the hotel did not have enough glasses, plates, cups or cutlery and kept you waiting outside. Guests were going into the kitchen and washing up the crockery themselves.On the second day we waited so long that we gave up and went elsewhere for food.The hotel is a joke - avoid like the plague if you want to sleep and have breakfast when you wake up - funnily enough the two things you are paying for !!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 11 2009 	Great value fantastic location friendly staff will be back!!	We had stayed at this travelodge a year ago and rebooked for this summer for 6 nights.After reading some of the reviews on the site we were wondering what had happened to this hotel since we had last stayed and were worried about what we were going to find.We had heard from a relative that at least three cars had had their windscreens smashed when they stayed in January and were thinking about cancelling altogether however, you can not find a hotel for even double what we paid. £29 per night for the rooms (we had two as we have three children) and £6.75 per Adult breakfast if you pre book. Children eat free. We requested two rooms next to each other on a high floor and that is exactly what we got.It is true that you get to a certain extent what you pay for. The hotel is tired round the edges. Carpets could do with replacing and when we did use the toilet on the ground floor there was a foisty sort of smell that other reviews have mentioned. However, on Floor 4 it was fine. Our rooms were spacious and very clean. The only fault that I could find were two chewing gum type stains on the carpet in one of the rooms which was not pleasant but just shows the lack of respect with which some guests treat their accomodation! There were fans in our room which was a pleasant surprise.The staff are doing the best they can with what they have to work with and we could not fault the service that we received at all. Very friendly and helpful. We requested extra towels and pillows and we got them. They were then replaced in our room on a daily basis. The towels smelt fresh and the sheets were changed regularly. The rooms were cleaned very well and all the tea/coffee etc restocked. Breakfast was not the Hilton but by far the best we have had in any travelodge. The hotel was extremely busy but everything was always available food wise; some times there was a queue to be seated and a short wait for clean mugs/ plates etc but service was always perfect despite the stress of coping with lots of hungry customers. We had dinner two nights too and this was ok for the money.The car park now seems to be manned 24 hours and the attendants are extremely helpful. There were no incidents that we were aware of and we felt extremely safe in this area. It is at most a five minute stroll to the East India DLR and then perhaps twenty minutes to either Towergate or Bank.For the money this hotel can not be beaten and we would like to say thanks to all the staff for a great stay. We will be back soon.	
Jul 27 2009 	above average travelodge.	large travelodge with seemingly endless rooms and corridoors check in was good and the room (family size) was large and clean. theres a big restaurant and bar downstairs.big compaired to the other travelodges ive stayed in more like a standard hotel restaurant than a TL. car parking cost £5 per 24hrs and getting a car pass was easy as staff were on hand to help.you tend to always know what you will get with a TL and this was no different to other ones ive stayed in.	
Jul 14 2009 	Ok to stay in but a lot of road noise if your use to quiet locations.	Normal Travelodge Offering, room fine and clean. Very close to Docklands Light Railway.Only points worth raising is that I could not understand the Security Guard when I had to buzz to get into secure park, took me 3 attempts to understand what he was saying.Next to very busy road, so can be noisy if you are not use to the sound of a busy city, even with the windows closed.Overall though, cannot complain for the price.	
Jul 2 2009 	First and Last stay at Travelodge	The beds were sagged and the shower had black mould on the sealant and curtain. There were crumbs on the carpets and the window had greasy hand marks on it. The sofa in the room smelt of tobacco and the staff were unwilling to accept there was a problem. The Manager was completely useless, blindly defending the hotel when it was clear there was a problem. I'd equate his behaviour with someone on the Titanic insisting it was not sinking and everything was absolutely fine.The only redeeming aspect was the breakfast which although expensive was an 'all you can eat' buffet type. However with a family it worked out cheaper to just buy the breakfast items from a supermarket instead.To top it all off we were issued with a &quot;penalty charge notice&quot; by the parking company. Not only is it illegal but it is also totally unenforceable. Travelodge have lost our custom forever and they must be incredibly financially desperate if they have to rely on issuing customers with fake and illegal parking 'fines' in order to secure extra income.	
Jun 21 2009 	needs some improvements	Easy to get to using DLR, great price for hotel but no payphone, no cashpoint , towels smelled stale ,bathroom smelled of dampness. be prepared if you`ve been to O2 theres nothing to eat if you get back late and nothing in the surrounding area to get anything, at breakfast very slow on filling up food trays. May sound like im moaning but a simple thing like a teaspoon cant be found at breakfast and they offer tea n coffee!!! Staff were very friendly and helpfull. overall we had a great time and if your not as fussy as me then its go fot it.	
Jun 14 2009 	By far the nicest Travelodge I've ever stayed in!	Stayed here for one night when going to concert at 02. It is in a really great position for the 02 just need to cross the river either on tube or in our case, as Jubilee line was down, on free boat provided by DLR, port in short walking distance from hotel.As for the hotel itself, I was very impressed. The staff were friendly and helpful; the room was a good size and very clean as was the bathroom; the shower was good and powerful (there's nothing I hate more than a bad shower in a hotel!); was lovely to be able to have breakfast at a travelodge and buffet was good for price, particularly as was all you can eat! Parking was good and always a bonus in a London hotel! Only £5 for 24 hours.Would definitely stay here again on my next visit to the 02!	
Jun 14 2009 	Great hotel - especially for the O2	Just back from a weekend in London. Stayed in the Travelodge Docklands because it was close to the O2 arena. Hotel is fantastic for the price you pay. Rooms are basic but clean and a good size. Staff were always accomodating; our first key didn't open the door and that was sorted straight away and we were given extra towles when we requested. The bar is very good, food is basic but does the trick. We paid 7.50 each for breakfast which was okay but doin't know if I'd get it again if I went back. The hotel is also very close to the East India train stop to get into the centre of London which is quite far away. But for the O2 it's spot on!	
Jun 11 2009 	Good value for money	Slight queue for check in but enough staff on hand to cope. At first door card didn't work but that was quickly rectified. The room was tidy, on the small side but was easily adequate for an overnight stay. 10 minute drive to the O2, but in rush hour give yourself half hour at least. Adequate parking, nice bar in the evenings. Only gripe would be the poor breakfast. Poor selection and not of the highest quality.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very basic - good access to O2 and parking but that's about it	Had to go to a conference at the O2 - needed somewhere close with reasonable parking. The Travelodge looked OK on TripAdvisor so booked the 3 nights I needed. Arrived before 12:00 and was told early check-in could only be investigated after 12:00, was not guaranteed, and would cost GBP10 extra if available. The place wasn't full, so there could well have been rooms available, but the horrible woman on the front desk was totally unhelpful.Once in, found the room clean but incredibly basic, with basically nothing in it that couldn't be nailed down. The parking was fine, but in all other respects, it was just barely acceptable.	
Jun 9 2009 	Bargain Stay	This was our 5th stay at this travelodge and again it did what it said on the tin, cheap clean accommodation with good transport links.We now avoid this lodge at the weekends or when there is something on at the O2. The noise is just horrendous at nights.We were again on the ground floor and worryingly as we walked up the corridor behind reception we again smelt dampness, this was also evident during our last stay in the same corridor. This time the carpets were dry. Our room was ready on our arrival just after 3pm, no waiting to check in. The room was clean but with scuff marks on the walls. The tv remote was missing and a bulb out in the shower room. We reported both on our way out, we received the remote but the bulb wasnt replaced, which was disappointing, it was only a light bulb afterall.The one thing that really annoys me about this lodge is that it has a good bar which is only opened limited hours. It's something like 5pm to 11pm Monday through Thursday and open till midnight I believe Friday and Saturday. When the place is busy and you have people waiting outside the reception wouldnt it make sense to open the bar, people can sit there and you may even make additional £££!! If you go to a show in the west end, the earliest possible time you can get back to the lodge is 11.15pm, so when you get in you can't have an alcoholic drink. The lodge isnt really near any bars for a convenient drink, so we bring things back or have a drink before heading back to the lodge.	
May 20 2009 	Wouldn't go again	We arrived late (10pm) and were absolutely shattered after a 4 and a half hour drive so when I pulled back the covers to find a ripped sheet I was not best pleased but as it was so late we thought there would be no-one to change it so covered it with a pillow for the night (rip was right by the head). The next morning we went down to reception and asked for the sheet to be changed, what looked like a manager was on the same side of reception desk as us and advised the reception staff that although we'd only been there one night it should be changed as it should never have been put on when ripped, we went out for the day returned at 10pm to find sheet had not been changed, I was so annoyed as we had been told it would be done that despite the time we went down to reception to complain. The result?! We were given a sheet to put on the bed ourselves, we do not work for travelodge!! If there are no specific cleaners then another member of staff should have changed the sheet!! The first night we had a towel each but the following day one towel had been removed so we had to share a towel, we were miles from reception and 3 floors up so by the time we waited for the lift and walked a mile of corridor (there was no phone) and queued at the reception desk we could have been out for the day and so we did not request another towel. On the final day I wiped my face with a 'cleanly' provided hand towel to discover it was covered in bright pink lipstick at least I think it was lipstick, I'm sure I don't have to tell you how disgusted that made me feel. Overall an awful stay as the cleaners obviously don't give a damn. The only plus was the location, for the price it wasnt too far from the centre by DLR and tube.	
Apr 28 2009 	Typical Travelodge	Had it not been for the engineering works on the Jubilee line on Easter weekend, our stay at the Docklands Travelodge would have been so much less tiring. Not that Travelodge are to blame, but the time taken to central London without the Jubilee line becomes annoying.Otherwise, the staff do their utmost to keep clients happy, the rooms are spacious enough and clean. The restaurant serves basic cheap food.Cons: staff seem to struggle to cope at breakfast, plates could be cleaner sometimes, noise from the road can be a nuisance with the window open. Otherwise this was another pleasant stay at yet another Travelodge.	
Apr 14 2009 	OK (ISH!)	Good Points - Easy to get into London via DLR East India a 2 minutes walk away.Can Park for £5 a night which is good value for LondonOutside of Congestion ZonesBad Points - Rooms smell badly of toilets. You get used to it after a while but when you first return to your room is always smells like somebody has just been to the toilet!Horrible showers because the mouldy shower curtains stick to you whilst you are having a shower. The water goes freezing cold then boiling hot!Other peoples hairs hanging off wall tiles to bathrooms!Carpets are rather disgusting, especially in the main coridoors the coridoors SMELL AWFUL!Noisey outside due to planes overhead and some kind of generator going all day and nightFor £19 a room cant complain but I wouldnt pay anymore. Apparently the hotel has just been 'done up'...but it doesnt look or smell like it!	
Apr 5 2009 	good hotel	Stayed for one night when going to the O2. Quite a long wait at check in, but staff very pleasant and apoligetic. Only one towel in room but this was quickly remedied by reception staff. No problem with parking and the DLR only a short walk away. Rooms are small and basic but ideal for overnight stay. Would use this hotel again when visiting london.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great for the o2	Great value for money hotel, rooms were clean and comfortable, good shower! ideal for the o2 arena.Very helpful staff, additional room items readily available, plenty of reasonably priced parking (£5 for 24hrs for residents). Good breakfast plenty of choice and nowhere else nearby to eat.Only improvement would be a cash point in hotel and maybe extended bar times as was shut by the time returned from o2 when would've been nice to have a night cap!!Thanks alot, will recommend.	
Mar 22 2009	Just OK	Check in took forever.....rooms were adequate as was breakfast. good location, close to public transportation. Probably would not choose it again if given a choice.	
Mar 22 2009 	Aufweidersein Pets Day Out	Stayed in London whilst working at the excel exhibition.Not impressed.Assume there are so many people attending the nearby exhibition that they dont need to worry about customer satisfaction, however in these recessionary times they should think again. The corridor was being painting whilst we were there and the fumes were awful , so much so that I awoke with a really bad throat. The cast from aufweidersein pet were there to greet me from 8am as they were painting the room oppposite as loudly as poss. the reception were not bothered and certainly I would only stay here as a last resort in future	
Mar 16 2009 	Bargain!!	I stayed four nights at £29 per night which I thought was a bargain, it takes about 20 mins from Central London by DLR which may be a bit far out for some but is not so bad as its quite a good service.The hotel is undergoing refurbisment and that may cause a bit of disturbance to some but most of the work is going on in the day so you probably wouldn't notice it.The breakfast was okay, nice breakfast room and attentive staff, although the scrambled eggs were akin to rubber.If you are arriving by tube/DLR to East India station, there is little signage and late at night it is very deserted so make sure you cross the footbridge (signpost Town Hall), go down the stairs past the buses that are parked and through what looks like a security gate, you will then see the travelodge on the right hand side.I would happily stay again given the cost, even at full price it never seems to go over £55 which for London is a bargain.	
Mar 11 2009 	Cheap and Chearful	Stayed here a few times now and for the money (you can get this hotel for £19 a night if you book far enough ahead), you cant go to far wrong. The decor in the rooms is a little tired, but its clean. Room facilities include tea and coffee and en suite. Family rooms are worth it for the extra space if you can and cost no extra. The restaurant is good quality, but pricey, and the bar whilst open till late only serves bottle drinks at around £3 each. The DLR east india station is a 4 minute walk away and takes you direct into bank station. If your looking for somewhere to stay whilst you shop or take in a show, you wont go far wrong, and parking is available on site for £5 per 24hrs.	
Mar 9 2009 	gr8 location 4 th o2 - typical travelodge value	typical travelodge.so close to the o2.good value for money.and yummy breakfast too.what more can one say.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great for O2	Stayed here as we were going to the O2 Arena. I looked everywhere to get a good deal and somewhere close. Last year i stayed in the Holiday Inn but this hotel was a much better location, right in the financial times area of the docklands so quite secure if a group of girls or on own. East India DLR is right behind the hotel. Take this to to next tube station and change to get to O2 arena £5.60 day pas for zone 1 &amp; 2. Hotel not the ritz but you get what you pay for. Parking is £5 for 24hrs. Best hotel for O2 though	
Feb 13 2009 	Some pros some cons	Think we got what we paid for here. The staff were nice and very helpful. The corriders smelt stale and there were holes in the walls. Our room itself was ok, the bathroom could have been cleaner, and our towels disappeared the following day. The shower was powerful though the water was a lot cooler the following day.On the plus side we didn't experience any noise from outside the bed was very comfortable and clean, the car park was cheap and safe. East India DLR was a short walk away. For me the pros outweighed the cons.I would stay here again as it was easy to drive to and was on the whole OK.	
Jan 27 2009 	Poor example of a Travelodge	Stayed here for one night whilst visiting East Lond attraction before flying out of Gatwick.General note: Travelodge's 'jobsworth' policy of not allowing any check-in before 3pm unless you pay a tenner is really putting my off this chain.Large hotel next to main road and business district. Woken by City airport planes at 6.50am - double glazing neither use nor ornament.Rooms very small, bathrooms even smaller. Room wasn't the cleanest I'd seen and equipment was dated.Would it kill you to put some pictures on the wall? I've seen more cheerful looking prison cells!It's ok if you're a workman I guess but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else!	
Jan 8 2009 	Usual value	Stopped here on a £19 family deal on 27/12/2008. Not glam but the usual clean and basic travelodge. Everything needed to sleep for a few hours only.Easy to drive to the Docklands and £5 per day parking handy. The DLR is two minutes walk. Easy to get into London.Have rebooked in the Summer on the £19 deal (and £9 on some nights). Bargain.	
Dec 18 2008 	No frills value for money	This is a great hotel. We stayed on the ground floor, overlooking the car park. It's very quiet with the windows shut. If you have the windows open you can hear a bit of traffic noise/ aeroplane noise. Nice area, felt comfortable walking to the tube at night (3mins). Comfy bed, clean sheets and kettle/cups and a decent shower. Hotel staff very pleasant. Convenient for the O2. Paid £29 online for the room and would definately stay here again.	
Dec 7 2008 	cheap and good location	Nice budget hotel near the O2 book the breakfast is is delicious. Easy access to central london via the docklands light railway (east india station a 5 minute walk away). I have been there twice now! Bar open till the early hours too.	
Nov 24 2008 	A great base to explore London	When arriving at the hotel I initially felt quite apprehensive due to the mixed reviews I had read, however I was pleasently surprised.The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The room was basic (what you would expect from a travelodge) but was clean and comfortable.The hotel was a short walk from the DLR, which was an extremely efficient way of getting in and out of the city.The hotel has a busy road to its rear but with the window closed this was not an issue.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone expecting a five star service but if you are looking for a base from which to explore London it is ideal.	
Nov 14 2008 	Disgusting!	If you like the smell of urine as you are walking down the corridors and also the same smell in your room then you will like this hotel! The rooms are small, very basic, the linen was dirty, the shower curtain was mouldy, the bathroom sink cracked and there was one towel!Breakfast........great if you like mouldy bread on both mornings! Dirty cutlery and plates.I know this is a cheap hotel, but all I ask for is cleanliness and this HOTEL CERTAINLY IS NOT CLEAN!	
Oct 2 2008 	Not too bad..but not great	This hotel isn't bad for the money but the decor is a litle 'tired'.It is very hard to find (even with Sat Nav!) as it situated at the rear of high rise offices ...so be warned !Taxi to the O2 was £15. DLR station is fairly near but I wouldn't like to walk it in winter as its very windy and a bit desolate outside of the office hours. It also requires a change of train to get to the O2.Breakfast was adequate but shuts very promptly at 10am.Car parking was £5 for 24hrs paid in advance.Tea and Coffee in room.Limited irons available so grab one early.Personally I wouldn't use this hotel again because on evenings I like to have a wander around and being in a business/office park there is not much to see.(actually..there is nothing to see)Nearby is a restaurant open office hours offering full english for £4, it was modern clean and tidy so if you want a lie in you can get your breakfast there (its actually closer than the DLR station and has a cashpoint next door. (no cashpoint in hotel).Staff were pleasant at the hotel and booked taxi's for us and gave directions.One word of warning if you are going to see a concert at the O2 and planning to to eat at one of the many restaurants there, either arrive early or be prepared to queue for a table (around 30 mins when we went to see Stevie Wonder)You can get fish and chips actually in the concert arena which at £12 for two wasn't bad value and very tasty too.Hope this helps someone make an informed choice.	
Sep 26 2008 	"Worst night EVER!!!!"	Woah! after a hell of a day in busy London I just wanted to get home to Manchester....No chance, some nut on the train line was firing a gun at staff andtrains at a station further up .As it became clear I would be stuck over night I phoned my husband who said not to worry, he would phone through to the travel lodge switch board and book me a room.I wish he hadnt! The floor at Euston station would have been more comfortable!!Apperantly docklands was the closest room they had availible and not knowing london to well he went for it not realising what a trek it was from euston.I rocked up about half 11 and even in the dark could tell it wasnt going to be a pleasent experiance.as I tottered past the crowd of bozey,leary men gathered at the enterence, I told my self it cant be that bad...It was worse!With my aching feet just dying to kick off my new platrform heels, I was finally given the key to my room by a rather gruff receptionist.taking the lift which looked like something from a horror film I made it to my room on the 3rd floor, at least now I could rest....No.The key hadnt been swiped and wouldnt open the door. another journey down in the hell lift and up again I was in...O Dear! A grotty room with a lumpy smelly bed( Im not even sure the bed linen had been washed!) and a hideous couch which wouldnt have been out of place at the dump were the highlights of the room, the bed side tables had been broken off and smashed chipboard was all that remained in their place.No phone.whilst showering I had visions of a phsyco equse seen....tring to sleep was near impossible,walls were paper thin and I could clearly hear a couple going for it near by,even over the loud traffic!In the light of day the room looked even worse,and on going down for breakfast was asked to show my breakfast pass???When the guy at the front desk managed to get me one I handed it to the man in the breakfast area as instructed.nothing looked particulaly appetising but I had to eat and as carried my meager pickings to one of the grimey tables was acousted by a kitchen worker demanding my breakfast pass!Id had enough, handed my cracked and stained key to room 320in to recption,called a taxi and got the heck outta there.....what a nightmare!	
Sep 16 2008 	Value for Money	As with most other reviews would concur that this hotel offers value for money providing you take advantage (as we did) of the £29 per night offer available on the Travelodge website.£6.75 for pre booked cooked breakfast was also good value - particularly in London.One word of warning though - if you are travelling by car late at night make sure you have clear and precise instructions regarding the location of the hotel. We spent 30 minutes going round in circles around Canary Wharf trying to find the location of the hotel. If you approach from the wrong direction there are very few road signs to help and the locals do not seem to know where the hotel is either!	
Aug 22 2008 	GOOD VALUE AND CLEAN	I booked a cheap deal direct with Travelodge and got the room for £19 The location was quite good, there is nothing really around the hotel but the DLR is a short couple of mins walk so it had easy access to everywhere in London.We were going to the O2 and it took about 20 mins to get thereDLR and then tube so good location for that.The room we stayed in was clean and well decorated. Nothing fancy of course but it is a Travelodge.Tea and coffee is the room was unexpected so a bonus.We did have breakfast at hotel and it was good and hot but not really worth the money to be honest.I would definatley stay here again	
Aug 22 2008	Great Stay at the Travelodge	Stayed for 1 night, got a £19 room deal via their own website, easy to find as it's right on the A13 a bit noisy, but we were on the car park side of the hotel away from the road so the noise was not too bad. Hotel is 5 minute walk away from East India DLR, but check for any engineering works at weekends!Can reccomend the Bar Cafe Breakfast, book online for 10% discount- 2 kids per adult eat free, food was well cooked, good choice and value for money.Room was very clean and staff helpful, one o the better Travelodges	
Aug 13 2008 	You Get What You Pay For - But Better Than I Expected From Previous Reviews	Goof Points - Very near (2 mins walk) to East India DLR station where you can go directly to Bank or go to Canning Town to taken the Jubilee line.In a nice clean and respectable looking area. Mostly offices and apartments.Cheap if you get a good rate when you book in advance (there are rooms for £29 if you look on the Travelodge website).Bad Points - Room and bathroom smelt mouldy and of toilets!Dirty windowsFlight path above hotel, expect areoplane noise!!Bar and Cafe downstairs is expensive, food was cold and for the price you only got a mouthful, doesn't fill you up!Sell beer in the bar from cans for about £3 each!Breakfast £7.50 each!! We did't have this we thought it was an absoulute rip off for a contininetal breakfast!Slow reception service, waiting 20 mins to check in and out.Pay for parking - £15 but tried to make us pay more when we left but we refused!Overall, it was better than I expected from previous reviews and I suppose you get what you pay for!	
Jul 23 2008 	This is Travelodge - Not Brittania so expect what you paid for!	I stayed in Travelodge for 2 nights for the weekend. It was not the best hotel I’ve been to but it was reasonable for what I paid. The rooms were very basic with bed cabinets a TV a window and a bathroom, like I said very basic. The hotel has a main road on one side and a business complex on the other so depending which side your room is will determine the ‘noise’ I didn’t experience any noises as I was on the side of the business complex.You have everything there the closest transport is the DLR that will give you access to the Jubilee line or the Central line. There are many food shops scattered around the area. Nearest shopping mall will be Canary Wharf Cabot’s Place shopping mall.The hotel was altogether reasonable and gives you everything you paid for, one thing that did make me cringe was chewing gum marks all over the floor..yuk it was everywhere in our rooms, but ignoring that everything else was fine.It is in a good location and is great if you’re going to The o2, the ExCel Exhibition centre or Canary Wharf. If you’re a fussy person that deserve nothing but the best and would like something more luxurious there is a Radisson Edwardian 5 minutes across the road where you will get 5* treatment.	
Jun 30 2008 	Not as bad as is made out	Having read the reviews on here prior to our trip I was worrying that we had booked a nightmare hotel but how wrong I was.We stayed at the Travel Lodge whilst on a weekend family visit to London and found it a great place to stay. Yes okay the room was basic but we didn't spend much time in it after all. We were up early for breakfast and didn't arrive back until well into the evening. As a base for the weekend it was great. The East India DLR station is only a few minutes walk and in around 15 minutes you are in the centre of London. The Hotel was clean, as was the room and the staff couldn't be more helpful. We had a room on the opposite side to the car park which was noisy but to be fair we were that tired when we arrived back I think we would have slept through anything !The family room cost us £125 for 2 nights bed and breakfast for 2 adults and 2 children and I think it represented excellent value for money. The breakfast was basic but plenty to fill you up before heading off for the day.Don't be put off by the previous reviews, if it's a base you want for a hectic weekend in London then this is your place. We intend to book again and next time I won't have any worries.	
Jun 28 2008 	Good value for price paid	We stayed at the Docklands Travelodge for two nights over the February half term.We had boked to see the Tutunkamun exhibition and combined this with some time in London.Found the Travelodge to be very good value , stayed the car park side and it was quiiet, clean and somewhere to rest our weary heads.20 mins into central London on Docklands Light Railway..... 5 mins to o2 bubble.Conveinient no frills place to stay,good for what you pay.	
Jun 28 2008 	noise alert	we stayed in the hotel one night. good check in, good clean room. we went out for a meal and when we went to our room to sleep there was a problem. it was a warm night so we had to have the window open. the problem was the room backed onto the A13 and the trafiic noise was constant all through the night. we got limited sleep. ask for a room overlooking the front.	
Jun 13 2008 	The basics of al Travel Lodges	I stay at Travel Lodges on a regular basis but this just seemed so basic. Everything was basic &amp; empty from the Reception, the room, the bathroom &amp; the food. It was clean however I could not pin any specific issues with the stay.Would not stay here again - it is too far from the station but there is a bus stop outside.	
Jun 1 2008 	Hey what's everyone's problem?	Look come on guys this is a Travelodge which advertises the fact they keep prices down by no toiletries or hairdrier etc. Don't expect the world. We have just returned from three days here as my son was attending the David Beckham Academy (DBA)and I really have no complaints. I am used to staying in 5* hotels all over the world and I certainly didn't expect this standard at a Travelodge in the Docklands. You get what you pay for, for goodness sake!! The room was comfortable, clean and quiet (yes do stay on the car park side). A quick walk to the East India DLR and a change at Canning Town sees you at the O2,(North Greenwich) (three minute walk to the DBA) with loads of restaurants. SPUR was our favourite by far. On the first night we bought a bottle of wine from the bar at the hotel but soon got wise to the Budgens by the East India DLR station (If only they sold ice!!)) Fifteen minutes will see you in to the heart of London. Bargain price for the location. Breakfast a bit average but apart from that no complaints!!	
May 28 2008 	Rubbish	Never stay in that place again!the bedrooms was rubbish. the bathroom was discusting the shower was growing moulded and had holes in the slicone.the bar downstairs celling was falling down which is a health and safty hazard.the food was crap i asked everyday what the soup of the day was and guess what tomatoe soup everytime.the cheese and the burgers wasnt proper cheese that most places use it was just normal cheese from a supermarket cut up.the only thing good about it was the reception people were a big help when i needed directions and take away menus.	
May 23 2008 	Yuk Yuk Yuk never stay there	I have never stayed in a worse hotel, I thought all travel lodge should be the same how mistaken could I be apart from a terrible location and haveing to pay out for taxi's all the time, the room and facilities were awful, the ceiling of the bathroom was black and peeling, there was not shower gel or shampoo and I had not taken any as have never stayed at a hotel where it was not complimentary, the curtains in the bedroom were falling off the rail I did report this and nothing was done, on the morning I left they came off in ny hand. I got out of the shower to discover that a hairdryer was not provded, but could not ring reception to borrow one as there was not a phone in the room, so had to dress and wait 10 minutes in the checkout que to ask for one.I thought it was terrible and as I was at an exhibition at the excel centre paid a huge inflated price.Bad Bad bad	
May 21 2008	Good price just what we needed.	Stayed at the Travelodge Docklands because the price was right, and it was a great way to see London on a shoestring. The hotel offers the basics, such as a clean room and comfortable bed. There is a restaurant downstairs which was good for dinner, but the breakfast was a bit pricey. Instead, we took the DLR and had breakfast at the Wetherspoons right near the Tower Hill/Tower Gateway underground stop.It did not take long to get to the hotel, or back into town. Don't let the Docklands location put you off. The hotel is close to the East India stop, just 2 blocks north.I've stayed at Travelodges all across the UK, and they're all exactly the same on the inside. If you've seen one, you've seen them all. But they're good basic hotels and you know what to expect - a MUCH safer bet than similarly priced independent hotels. Don't expect the Ritz, but expect to be comfortable.	
May 7 2008 	Terrible - Avoid	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Check-in is not until 3.00 pm, however, if you pay £10.00 extra you can check in slightly earlier. On the weekend we were there the Docklands Light Railway was out of action, this necessitated a number of very expensive taxi journeys and we struggled to get a taxi on the Sunday and eventually took a bus.The staff were indifferent to the point of rudeness. The room was relatively clean but very jaded. The curtains fell off the rails when used and the net curtain was a greyish colour. We had a family room which slept up to four, but we were only given two towels and only only 3 sachets of coffee. The website we looked at said that it was 5 minutes from the O2 Arena. This maybe true if you took the DLR, however, it took 15/20 minutes by taxi.My sister, who also had a family room, was unable to use her shower as the tiles were so broken around the fixture that she felt it might fall off the wall.When we mentioned the problems to the desk they did not care. Travelodge should be ashamed of this hotel.	
Apr 7 2008 	goodinexpensiveclean Travelodge	My husband and I have just stayed at this Travelodge to visit the Tutankhamun exhibition at the O2 and travelling up to central London,We stayed on the 4th floor,it was clean no smoky smells( which I hate) BUT unless you are used to traffic noise ask for a room overlooking the car park.Docklands light railway (East India Station ) is 300m away,There is a large clean new looking supermarket ( Budgen's)underneath this station ( outside) which sells travelcards they cost from £5.30 for one day which you will use even just to travel up to the city.Hotel breakfast was good,fresh and plentiful but a bit of a free for all like many hotels now,Be aware they close promptly at 10 am on weekdays and 11am on weekends.They start clearing the stuff away at lightening speed as the clock hits the hour!Car parking is safe and £5 for residents ignore the sign as you go in stating that its £24 this is for non-residents only,The receptionist told us people complain about this mis-leading sign all the time,Makes you wonder why don't they just move it then!All in all it's not luxury but for between £26-40 per night it's fine.	
Mar 31 2008	Avoid like the plague	Having stayed in many Travel lodges before, we thought this would be just the same. How wrong we were. For a start it is in an area with offices and Tower Hamlets town hall. Driving to it means you have to go through a manually controlled barrier and ask for the Travel LodgeThe room was extremely noisy as it was right next to an exceptionally busy main road. This is not indicated on the website when booking. The room itself had a broken window catch making it impossible to shut effectively against the noise. There was a large gap where the catch should have been which we stuffed with toilet paper against the noise and the cold. The room was rather grubby and tired; the curtain covering the window was filthy, full of dust and grime from the road. The shower was rusty, mouldy and the floor had not been cleaned properly so had accumulated ingrained dirt. Breakfast was poor, toaster not working effectively, very long queues, lack of food. For our evening meal we had to wait 45 minutes and there were only a dozen people in the restaurant, so it was not busy. Our room bore no resemblance to the one shown on the website.After a sleepless night we asked to be moved to a different room. One member of staff said to come back in 2 hours and he would check for us. At 10am we checked with a different member of reception staff who informed us she had no idea who was checking out that day! and so couldn't tell us if another room was available until after 12pm, but this was highly unlikely. I find this unbelievable. Surely the staff know who is checking out? I did feel as if she felt we were a bit of an intrusion. Yes the rooms were cheapish (£50 a night) but when we checked into a rival companys hotel, the standard and service far exceeded those we had expereinced here, all for an extra 20 quid a night.If you go here ask for a room away from the road, don't book a saver room on the internet	
Mar 27 2008 	good location for 02	Stayed here for one night to go to concert at 02. hotel is great location for this purpose. Basic but ok for the what we needed it for. Bar/Cafe is located within the Hotel there are no bars or restaurants in the immediate area.I had booked and payed for 6 rooms for our friends 2 months before the event. On arriving we were told sorry we hadnt got any of the rooms as they had double booked!! They offered to find us rooms at Kings Cross and pay for taxis etc but we had to be at the o2 within an hour so we said that this was not an option as we would be late for the concert. They tried to tell us we had booked in late. We were booking in at 5.15pm and you can only start checking in from 3pm so that was ridiculous! What annoyed me was that how can you pay for the room and then they still book it again if it had been one room by mistake then fair enough but all 6! After alot of confusion and frustration miraculouslyhalf an hour later they found 6 family rooms!! Amazing!Saying all this if i needed a hotel for a concert at the 02 again and i could find no other hotel i would still stay for the convenience.	
Mar 25 2008 	Good basic hotel; cheap and convenient	London Docklands Travelodge is conveniently sited 200m from East India DLR station, but a quicker route from the west End is Jubilee Line to Canary wharf then bus 277 to Leamouth: the bus terminates approx 50m from the hotel!)Room was comfortable and clean, fine for 3 of us, Tea and coffee are provided, as are big towels. No tolietries (only soap) so bring you own. The weird thing was not having a plug to bath or basin, and none turned up after asking (tho' i only asked once, as I was ok with the shower really). Otherwise quiet and comfortable,so I wouldhave rated it higher if the plug had turned up. Excellent value for £29 per night booked in advance, as only 30 min from west End!	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Location for O2	This is an ideal location for the O2 and to get into London. Stayed 4 nights in two rooms at 29 GBP booked in advance. Parking is 5 GBP per night as a guest and is outside the Congestion Charing Zone. Save the Congestion fee and take a walk to the newsagents about 10 minutes away and by an Oyster card which allows travel at the cheapest rates on all London systems including the Docklands Light Railroad which is a 2-3 minute walk (East India Station) and goes right into the heart of London or connects to the Tube to get you to the O2 or elsewhere in London. Well worth the money for this location.Hotel is basic as expected, was clean, but could use a few touch ups. Elevator (they have another) was broken for the duration of our stay but it was the Easter long weekend.Staff was courtious and got us extra towels and pillows. they have a bar/cafe but we avoided due to line ups, not sure on prices but if it is like the rest of London.............get used to it in a hurry!!!!	
Mar 24 2008 	OK for O" Arena	This is OK if you are staying no more than one night for the O2 arena!! Although the taxi is not cheap. The staff were cheerful and helpful. However this is a very tired travel lodge. Our room was cheap but it stank of cigarette smoke even thought the whole building is non smoking. The net curtains were very dirty and I imagine the problem is that the soft furnishings have not been cleaned since the smoking ban came in to force. There was loads of very hot water but this really is &quot; no frills&quot;- you need to bring almost everything with you apart from towels and bedding. Breakfast is just about OK - as long as you do not want a cooked breakfast - my husband said it was disgusting - I only had toast. But there really is nowhere nearby to have breakfast. Use it for what it is - some where to get you head down for a night!	
Mar 8 2008 	Low cost and well located.	We booked a family room. We stayed two nights and paid 60 pounds per night.This hotel delivers what you expect. The room was fine, and the bar and food acceptable. It is ideal for the budget traveller, perfectly located for jumping on to the Docklands Light Railway and on in to the city centre.Wifi is available, at a cost.A bonus is the relatively secure car park where it only costs a fiver a day to park.	
Mar 1 2008 	Good Location for 02 and value for Money!	I stayed at this hotel as we were going to Alicia Keys Concert at 02. Booked through travelodge website stayed for one night and it was a value for money experience. Arrived by car drove to London from Midlands. Car parking for guests £5 per day payable at reception upon checkout. Location-Well placed for accessing O2 Arena, Docklands Light Railway is literally a few minutes away turn right at car park barriers and then imediate left East India station is ahead .You will need to get the DLR to Canning Town then tube (jubilee line westbound ) to North Greenwich and you are at the Arena. Total journey time around 10 minutes. Buy the required tickets at the pay as you go machine at DLR. Reception Check In/Out: No queue's when we arrived around 5pm.Note if someone has booked on your behalf to check in you will need the person's adress they booked in. Checkout was swift simply drop your room key at reception.No issues.Staff: Reception helpful, provided a tube map for free and directions as required. Bar /cafe staff were ok cleared and cleaned tables swiftly so guests could be setaed. No problems.Room: Booked a standard double room at early saver rate of £29 ,again good value for price, considering when I checked other hotels within the vicinity they were extortionate due to their location. Decor looked fresh and no signs of bad smells or disrepair. Double bed matress/pillows were not as comfortable as I would have liked but livible for one night oh and clean, bedding was clean , carpet appeared quite new or well cleaned, wardrobe adeqaute for a nights stay and to hang a days worth of clothes. Bathroom clean, good water pressure , clean towels provided, No cleanliness issues in my room.The room had a tea/coffee making facility kettle and a few sachets of tea cofee, milk and sugar. A small LCD t.v with around 6-7 channels 1-5 and 2 cable channels one a music channel. Not an issue as we werent their to watch TV.Food: I booked breakfast for the following morning had a choice of two options £4.50 light breakfast consisting of cereal, OJ, yogurt. or £7.50 option cooked buffett breakfast eat as much as you like self serve style. Kids eat free on this option. If you dont book night before dont worry it can be done the same morning at reception who will give you a voucher to present at Cafe.I had cooked buffet breakfast which was reasonable bacon,scrambled eggs, mushrooms, beans and plummed tomato's the usual,selcetion of brown or white bread for toast, apple/orange juice, hot drinks the food was topped up regularly no problems with temperature of food. Overall a value for money hotel I would stay again if visiting the O2 arena if the rate was good.	
Mar 1 2008 	Ok for a short stay	A good basic hotel with good public transport links into Canary Wharf, the City etc via the DLR at East India Station just a few minutes walk away.I've stayed at this hotel a couple of times now and what can I say? Its a Travelodge! So you get a fairly basic hotel which is all you need if you're going to be staying for one or two nights.It's getting a little bit grubby in places and one of the lifts was out of order on my last stay which was a little inconvenient.......but it was a better stay than my last time here when some idiot left a trail of vomit along the corridor outside my room. Not the hotel's fault of course.As has been said in other reviews, if you want a quiet night's sleep make sure you get a room which faces on to the hotel car park rather than the busy road which runs along the back of the hotel.There is a hotel bar/restaurant with a somewhat limited menu and various vending machines in the reception area, however there is a late-night opening &quot;Budgens&quot; supermarket on the other side of East India DLR station a few minutes walk away which sells a wide range of foodstuffs and drinks.	
Feb 22 2008 	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL - avoid	I stayed here on business for 2 nights and it is an experience that I will never repeat.It is shabby and my room was smelly and dirty. The furniture had cigarette burns in it, the curtains fell off the rail when I pulled them closed and I had to clean the bath before I could use it. The carpet was sticky and I was not able to walk in bare feet. It was simply too awful to contemplate. The bar was OK but the tables were sticky and the food wasn't that great. Even though this was a business trip and I had little choice over where to stay, I would not recommend this dirty hotel to my worst enemy. The room was also freezing cold and the quilt was thin and grotty - urgh!	
Feb 20 2008 	You get what you pay for	My two friends and I stayed here in January, as we were going to the O2. One of the girls booked this as there was a 2 night deal for about £100 total and we thought it would do for a couple of nights. The room was pretty basic really and a bit grubby. The reception staff were friendly but some of the dining room staff were quite rude! Breakfast was a bit of a mess as they kept running out of food. When the cooked breakfast ran out there wasn't even any butter for toast which didn't go down well with the guests!I wouldn't go back here as I think there are better places for about the same price.But if you're not planning to spend much time in the hotel it might be ok!	
Feb 17 2008 	Brilliant for the O2	Visited the Docklands travelodge at the start of January. Reason for travel was the Spice Girls.We took a seven hour train down to London and after an expensive taxi ride from Kings Cross to the Docklands the one thing we didn't want was a massive queue. I'd say the was the hotels one fault, the queue at reception. Reception staff were excellent, friendly guys always wanting to help! The hotel obviously has a designated Taxi service who were again excellent, especially the young guys - dropped EVERYTHING to come pick us up after the concert. Unlike all that other folk who queued hours for a taxi! The room was very small but ample for us two young girls. Smelt a bit smoky though, although apparently smoking is now banned in all of the rooms.Overall an excellent stay...perfect if you are going to the O2!	
Feb 13 2008 	Dirty East India	We have just returned from a one night stay to visit the O2.We have stayed in numerous travelodge rooms and although had odd problems never had a bad time overallGood points.... position , price £20,reception staff pleasantBad points.... room was dirty, shower curtain disgusting, towel rail not working (heated), yellow nets, bath tiles mouldy. small pull out bed smelly(didn't dare look at our matress)and side tables missing. Breakfast, poor kept running out of things and cooked things cold, extra staff required.Room was generally grubby and I was extremely glad visit was only one night!!	
Feb 12 2008	well placed for the o2 arena	Myself ,hubby and son where going to see Prince at the o2 and i dont think we could have a better location for most of London [if you are sight seeing the chances are you would have a zone card anyway .]Check in staff where friendly ,the room was tidy and quite large with plenty of space to hide your suitcase .We had a meal down stairs in the Bar Cafe and were very impressed with service quality and price .The only gripe is that breakfast could have been slightly better organized .We only paid around £70 for the room [including breakfast ]and we dont think we can get better value for money Stomp ps its worth checking their websites for deals some nights only £15 !.Also a must for London is a tube map ,as long as you are ok on your feet and can read you wont get lost !This comment comes from someone who was terrified at the idea of the tube and spent hours researching directions ,as long as you have got this map you dont need to.	
Jan 15 2008 	Smelly smoke travelodge lol	We booked this hotel as it was so close to the O2 arena....and like many others in Jan we were goin to see the Spice girls =)(they were amazing btw)Hotel....not so amazing....we were given 2 smoking rooms for some reason (we thought the smoking ban would have stopped people from smoking in rooms, but obviously not)....and for 6 non smokers....it STUNK!Room was ok....sheets were provided for the single pull out bed....but for some reason there were none for the double. By the time we realised this, it was already late and we were in our pjs so we couldnt be bothered to go and tell reception!Theres a flat screen TV in the room....surprising really considering everything else in the room was a bit tacky! My friends room only had one light bulb out of 8 in the room, so they had to get ready in the dark!Breakfast was £7.50 all you can eat....well worth it really considering theres not really any other places to eat very near to the hotel...it was a good standard too, and actually hot lol!So to sum it up.....fine for a one night stay....but dont expect anything too impressive! great location for the o2 arena....only 2 stops on tube =)	
Jan 9 2008 	Really dirty and scruffy	The only good thing about this hotel is its location. I booked the hotel with my friend for one night as we were going to a concert in the 02 and after searching through various hotels it seemed both very cheap and well located for our visit. And it was. Just a five minute walk to East India DLR station and then one stop on that before getting on the tube for one more stop to North Greenwich, it was ideally located and overnight parking was just £5. (Coming home from the O2, it was also handy as it seemed that most people were travelling towards the city centre and as we were going the opposite way, we were back at the Travelodge in about 20 minutes.)But that's where the good points stop for us. The main room itself was scruffy, bordering on dirty - with marks on the duvet, ominous white stains on the rather dilapidated sofa, dirty net curtains and poly-fillered holes in the wall. However, the bathroom was worst of all. Mould all over the roof, the area around the sink hadn't been cleaned before we arrived, the showercurtain was yellowy brown (and should have been white) and there was a loose wire and ugly holes where a notice told us a heated towel railshould be. We couldn't shut the door to the bathroom either as if you did you would get locked in as the door could only be opened from the outside. All this seemed very odd to me for somewhere that looked quite new and had a fancy flat screen television - personally I would have thought that a new shower curtain, lick of paint and some cleaning materials would have been more important. For one night it was bearable but any longer and we would have either asked to be moved or gone elsewhere.	
Jan 7 2008 	perfect loction for o2 arena! only 2 tube stops! "dont forget your swimmers!"	After much searching on the net I opted to book this Travelodge as it appeared to have the best location with regards to the O2 arena, I wasnt disappointed.On leaving Kings Cross we got on the tube to Holborn (Picadilly Line DARK BLUE) then from Holborn get the tube to Bank (Central Line RED) then from Bank get the DLR to East India. When you arrive at the station make sure you leave at the correct exit (sign posted for the docks I think)! Continue to walk forward, you will pass Nutmeg Lane on your right, the hotel is literally a few mins from the station, you will think you are in the wrong area but you arent.Upon arrival at the hotel the reception area was very busy, it would seem everyone who was off to see the Spice Girls opted to stay here as it was so close!! The check-in could have been better as for the amount of people checking in there was only one member of staff on!We were given the card key to room 31. The room was smallish but it was fine! The room itself was ok and clean compared to other Travelodges I have stayed in in the past. However the bathroom was a bit disappointing. You will see the bits of grime and dirt on the pictures I have attached. This was just a case of the room hadnt been cleaned to a high enough standard. The shower curtain smelt foisty, myself and my friend were conscious of it touching us whilst we showered. The shower was a serious cause for concern with regards to our safety! When we showered (using the shower curtain as a barrier from main bathroom) the water went onto the bathroom floor which is to be expected, the only problem was there was no means of drainage to get rid of the water, therefore the water didnt have anywhere to go, we didnt want to use towels as we needed the ones that had been provided. During our one night stay the water remained on the bathroom floor and we had to ensure we had footwear on to enter the bathroom to avoid a slip or fall. I advised reception of the problem and they apolgised.We left the hotel at around 6pm as we needed to get some food before the concert and the hotel bar didnt open till 6pm which was too late for us as we had a concert to attend.The distance from the hotel to the O2 is perfect. You board the DLR at East India and go one stop to Canning Town, you then jump on the tube to North Greenwich (Jubilee Line GREY) you arrive in no time at all and the North Greenwich is just outside the O2 arena!Overall the stay at the Travelodge was fine and if I was going to the O2 again I would most certainley stay here again despite the bathroom issues it was a perfect location for the O2.	
Dec 31 2007 	Very nice and modern Travelodge	For anyone like us being not familiar with East London, it can be difficult to find. Thankfully we had a London A to Z book!  Apart from that, this Travelodge is very good indeed! A rather up market theme to this one, compared to many others we have used. Rooms very nice, new flat screen tvs, coffee and tea in the room, breakfast buffet excellent value at £6.75 if you pre book it, and thats for one adult and two children, a breakfast feast! Staff very helpful, and secure car park at £5 per night for guests (take ticket on arrival, and pay reception on leaving). Very close to the Docklands Light Railway station, East India with excellent links at Canning Town for tube services to the 02 Arena, and Central London. Excellent value if you can get a £26 per night deal, but still worthy at the full price which Im told is £80 per night. This one is a good advert for Travelodge, and they can fly their flag high over this one!	
Dec 24 2007 	Great - easy to find clean crash pad!	Stayed here for the night but arrived at 11am, left the car in the car park and got straight onto the DLR line, which is 5 minutes walk from the hotel. We were in central London within 30 minutes of parking!! Not a lot going on around the hotel in terms of bars, restaurants etc, but this is not something that bothered us.Good check in and staff well informed. Room clean, quiet, although it was smaller than others we've stayed in, but nevertheless no complaints there. We didn't eat at the hotel but did have a quick drink and service and prices were pretty good.Securtiy good - barrier to get into car park, and the room key also opened security doors in the communal corridors. Good vending machine in case your forget toothpaste/brush for instance or need a cold drink or snack.Parking cost £5 which we felt was very reasonable.All in all very happy stay, and will definately return.	
Dec 20 2007 	Marathonner's listen up!	We've stayed here several times and never had a problem with any aspect of this hotel. It's a short stroll to the DLR, parking is reasonable for London and the family rooms are more than adequate to cater for our party of four. We last stayed here for the London Marathon and the hotel opened it's breakfast facilties much earlier, to cater for it's running guests. They were extremely helpful in accessing travel information, when it became apparent that there was an issue with the DLR that day and they were polite and professional. It's a reasonably quiet hotel, with little road noise and I don't know what else people want from their money!	
Dec 13 2007	Hmm not a great experience.	Not a great experience and in fairness, not all the fault of Travelodge. That said, I wouldn't stay there again.We booked for two nights as it was near to the o2 arena and we had tickets for Led Zeppelin. The room, although cheap, was very small and dull. The biggest gripe I had was the bedside lights. One side was working, but the other wasn't. To make matters worse, there was no bulb in it!! Perfect for an electrifying weekend! I reported this to the reception and was told it would be sorted out promptly. It still had no bulb when we left nearly 48 hours later..The check-in was painfully slow and seemed to be unprepared for the major event taking place nearby that weekend. One person on duty was not good enough. Several of the customers had travelled from all over the globe for this concert and were NOT impressed. The location is OK -ish IF the DLR was running. The Sunday we arrived it wasn't. We had to have a bus transfer AND a walk, in the rain not knowing where we were going. Most definitely NOT the fault of Travelodge, but it exposed the limitations of it's position in Docklands. Buses and taxis were available, but there were huge traffic problems around that area due to the silly ticketing arrangements for the Zep concert. Next time out, (the concert and the o2 were fabulous by the way) we will stay somewhere more Central London. The marginally longer tube journey would be well worth it. Again I realise that most of my gripes were not the fault of Travelodge so apologies to them, but they could have done better with decor, housekeeping and check-ins, there-by improving our overall impression of the stay.	
Oct 14 2007 	good value	typical travel lodge. very basic but clean &amp; comfy. location was industrial but no problem as convenience was our main priority.close proximity to O2 stadium, just a short ride on the tube will take you straight there.the staff were organised &amp; efficient, helpful &amp; friendly.they use taxis which offer set rate. it cost £10 to get a taxi around to the O2.It has a car park which cost only £5 to park overnight.breakfast for just a few pounds was very nice &amp; good value.child friendly too.we would stay again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Good location for O2 arena	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in september. The transport is great, as the DLR East India station is right on the hotel's doorstep. This is the first time I have stayed in a Travelodge (my friends swear by them), and it was way better than the regular London hotels I have stayed at in the past (you know the type... advertised as 2 or 3 star, but in reality are disgusting dumps). I found the main lobby area to be very well presented, which gave a really good impression of the place. The receptionist was polite and did her job well.Good points:1) Location to East India DLT - brilliant to be honest - with quick access to the o2 arena and central London2) Out of the way of central London - great to get away from all that noise and huste and bustle3) Feels very secure - inside and out. Room keycard needed for corridors as well as rooms 4) No idiot guests - i.e. no running up and down the corridors all night5) Problems dealt with quickly by manager - my first room had faulty lighting and I was switched to another room quickly6) Honest cleaners (well, at least one) - I left a lot of loose change (counted about £8 in slummy) and left it in my room during the day due to my pockets being full. Every penny was there when I got back, after the cleaner had been in. To be expected I suppose, but still impressive :)7) Cafe on site. Serves main meals and breakfast buffets. Also a few vending machines and internet PC's in main lobby8) Rooms basic but very well presented and generally &quot;clean&quot; (i.e. no torn furniture, stained bedsheets, mold on walls etc..)9) Excellent bathrooms. Well decorated and with large shower area10) WiFi in roomsBad points:1) Seems to me that the whole of London lies under a flight path - even more so here :)2) General traffic noise is high 3) No air conditioning. It was generally cool but typically muggy, so felt slightly uncomfortable with the window closed. Must be horribly sticky in summer4) Poor cleaning. They may not be thieves, but they sure as hell can't clean 100%. Floor unhoovered, mugs not cleaned properly etc.. Cleaners were all eastern europeans who smirked to each other whenever a guest walked past. Creepy really :(5) Check your kettle. Mine was thick with limescale and looked like paint peeling from a wall. Disgusting :( Took me 5 minutes to clean.. why the cleaners don't check them is beyond me6) Being in the middle of nowhere, it can feel pretty intimidating at night. It's in the middle of an industrial estate type area.7) Breakfast buffet may be all-you-can-eat, but the standard and variety is pretty poor. £7.50 as well :(8) Poor TV channel selection. Would be nice for all Freeview channels to be available (no excuse really)Despite it's faults, I would stay here again - mostly based on security reasons. I don't trust regular London hotels, but this place felt secure. The rooms may not be cleaned 100%, but they are &quot;clean&quot;. If you can put up with a bit of nightime noise (not too bad to be honest), dodgy cleaning and out of the way location, then this place is ok.	
Sep 17 2007 	Ok if you don't mind dirt 	I stayed one night only at this hotel during a business trip. Even if I understand that you should expect only basics from this kind of hotel, I did not expect the room to be that filthy. The carpet had not been hoovered for ages obviously, and it looked like the cleaning ladies also rushed to do the bathroom. My room was facing a road with constant traffic (mainly trucks) which added to my discomfort due to the noise. There was a kettle with cups and coffee/tea in the room, on the moment I thought that this was quite nice at least... until I opened the kettle and saw how dirty it was inside. In addition the spoons in the cups looked like that they had been used over the years but never washed. As you understood, I would not book a room again in this hotel and would certainly not advise anyone to stay there!	
Sep 16 2007 	Best Travelodge in London (For best results - ask for front-facing room!)	I've stayed in many travelodges around the UK, but this one has to be my favourite. It's in a great location that makes you feel important (only a couple of DLR stops from Canary Wharf), and you can get i very cheap if you book early enough in advance.It is only about a 3 minute walk from East India DLR stop, so transport links are excellent for Canary Wharf and City Airport. People who want central london, the City/West End may want to allow about 20-30mins travelling time though. Hotel itself is quite modern and fresh, it has a relatively good cafe/bar in the building, as well as a good sized carpark. Staff are very helpful and on the whole cheerful. I won't go into rooms, cos every travelodge is basicly the same once you're in a room.WARNING: if you find it difficult to sleep through traffic noise, ask for a room on the front after you have booked, as rooms on the back face directly onto the East India Dock Road (i think its the A13) which can be very noisy. Other than that small issue, i can't fault this travelodge. Great value for money!	
Sep 3 2007 	Good value for money but can be noisy -	Good value for money if you don't mind travelling out from the city. DLR runs frequently but buy 1 or 3 day travel tickets to cut cost. Ohoned day before to ask for room overlooking car park andit worked, was quiet at night (planes stop after about 22.00). Did ask if we could book in earlier than 15.00 but was told no, in the event we arrived about 13.30 and our room was ready and we did appreciate being allowed in earlier. Wouldn't say hotel is easy to find. Was told to take right hand walkway but could only see 1 walkway. Once down steps we got stuck. Someone took pity on us (2 cases, 2 kids wandering around aimlessly) and pointed us in right direction. Had small problem with taps which wasn't fully resolved but it didn't spoil our stay too much. Was v noisy on our last night. Family with 3 kids in 1 room and parents in another booked in opposite us at 21.00. The kids then spent more than an hour opening and closing doors (for fun?), this was extremely irritating as we have younger children trying to sleep. Hotel was good value for money, staff helpful, food fine. Would def use again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Not bad	We stayed here for one night as we were going to the &quot;Prince&quot; concert in the O2 arena. Someone had moved the only sign on the sign post so we found it hard to find from the DLR station .Cross the bridge and go around the small dock and stay right . The Road noise from our room was dreadful (3rd floor room) constant sirens from emergency vehicles throughout the night. No food after 10pm but they will let you order in from the local pizza shop. No air conditioning in the room so prepare to sweat during the summer. The voice in the lift is very loud. TV only has about 6 stations. The bed was well used so it was like sleeping on a water bed. The shower controls were pushed into the wall general decor in the bathroom was tatty not up to Travel lodges usual standard.	
Jul 22 2007	Great place to stay	This hotel is the perfect place to stay. You are near London, but you are out of the hussle and bussle of the city.The hotel is new, clean and the rooms are excellent value for money - our room was twice the size of our Paris hotel room and half the price!The staff are friendly and helpful, and helped us a lot when working out stuff for the tube/things to do in the city, etc.They offer a really great breakfast, too, for only 7 pounds with everything you could ask for.It is also easy to get to, just a quick ride from the tube on the Docklands Light Rail to East India station and an easy 5 minute walk from the station. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people who want to stay in a clean, cheap and friendly hotel in London - not easy to find unless you are willing to fork out big bucks, usually!We will definitely stay here again!	
Jun 19 2007 	Loved it but its hot.	We stayed here for one night in April. Lovely and clean and the staff were very friendly. It does get hot though thats the only downside. Not far from the Docklands light railway which is about a 20 min ride into central london. The only thing you need to remember to have is lots of change for the ticket machine as there is no one to help you purchase your tickets and the machine can be hard to understand. We are staying again next year so for the money its definatley worth it.	
May 12 2007	Nothing special - nothing bad	Stayed here 2 nights last month and made the mistake of not having directions to the hotel. Well, the directions we got from the previous Travelodge were to get out at Canning Town (Wrong!). Luckily a woman on East India station (right) was able to point out which direction to walk and it turned out to be fairly close by. I say 'luckily' because there wasn't another person in view! The place was deserted on a weekend.Despite being early for check in we were immediately given a ground floor room overlooking the carpark. When we notified them the TV wouldn't work (and I really wanted one because of the hotel's location) we were moved up to the first floor overlooking the BUSY road. When I first walked in the room I thought I could hear air conditioning, but it was the traffic noise. Being on the first floor we got the full blast of the noise but if you keep the window closed you can keep most of it out. The more annoying noises I heard came from staff and guests walking along the hall.There are 2 computers in the Reception area for guests' use - but be quick because it was 1 pound for 15 minutes.One memory I have of this hotel is the 'voice' in the lift. I mean the one that says 'first floor' etc. It was the loudest lift voice I have ever heard and shocked me every time.I had no problems with towels, cleanliness etc, I didn't use the Hotel bar or breakfast. Because of its remote (from shops) location you will need to bring any food in with you if you're trying to keep to a holiday budget, although there is a snack machine in Reception area.Because of the office block construction going on around the hotel there were lots of work vehicles on Monday morning and I suspect the hotel might be renting out the parking spaces to construction workers.The place has nil atmosphere but If you are able to get a good price here, take it - I'd stay here again.	
May 2 2007 	Bring your ear plugs !	Very noisey !We stayed at the Travelodge London Docklands for 4 nights but didn´t sleep any of them ! The walls are paper thin so we able to hear everything from the ajoining rooms, but the worst was a group of German school kids who talked most of the night to each other in the corridors and open and closed their room doors non stop from 7 am. We naturally complained- but nothing happened. I suggested that they put a large sign in the elevator and a flyer in each room requesting (or better demanding) quiet between 10 pm. and 10 am. Not everybody gets up at the crack of dawn, when on holiday we like a bit of a lay in and considering we paid top dollar we expected that would be the case. Apart from that the room was very basic, clean but lacking some decoration- guess you get what you pay for er?	
Apr 11 2007 	1st class stay	I cannot praise this hotel high enough.I went with my wife for two days,we had tickets for a London show and i managed to get one of their £26 a night deals for the night i needed. For the money you get a nice clean confortable room,our room overlooked the car park with a view across to Canary Wharf.There is secure parking (for £5 a day).The bar cafe serves food into the evening (nothing posh but fills the tummy). The Docklands light railway is close by , there was a restricted service over the Easter weekend so i didn't use it,we instead used the Underground.Canning Town station is a 500mtre walk away and is on the District line. We even walked into central London through Canary Wharf and along the Thames Path.There are plenty of shops / restaurants at Canary Wharf,You can make use of the DLR / taxi / or walk a mile and a half. All of the staff we found polite and helpful.We took the eat as much as you like breakfast for £7.50 , so we could fill up and not need anything else till the evening. If your looking for something for a weekend in London at a price that cannot be beaten then look no further,if you want to spend £100 plus on something very similar then look elsewhere. We have booked several more Travelodge's for trips later in the year and wont hesitate to return to Docklands for another weekend in London.	
Mar 7 2007 	Perfect for an overnight stay if working/partying late	Needed a place to stay the night following some work drinks and opted for Travelodge. Paid £49 even though only booked a few days in advance.Room was fine, nothing spectacular but clean with large bed. Location is ok with a DLR station just down the road meaning access to Canary Wharf or Bank is straightforward. Would stay again.	
Feb 23 2007 	Brilliant!	Spent 2 night here over half term with my two teenage sons and elderly parents. Phoned day before arrival to request rooms overlooking car park ( quiet side) which was no problem. Staff were polite, friendly and welcoming which is not always the case with some Travelodges! Rooms were spotless and smelt fresh with plenty of bedding/towels etc.Location wise, this hotel is perfect. A 3 minute walk to the DLR station which takes you right to the Tower Of London, with a tube station 100yds away. As the hotel is set in an office park it is very quiet in the evening, but after a hard day in the hustle and bustle of London streets it is welcome. We stayed at the bargain price of £26 per room per night, and will definately stay again.	
Feb 15 2007 	New Year In Docklands	Spent New Year in London and needed something based on the east side of the city. I was originally booked in somewhere (sleeping beautty leyton review) but had to get out asap. Luckily they had rooms available here for about 65.00 a night for a double room which for a weekend and new years eve i didnt think was too bad,Rooms were smallish in size but ample and as usual now there is no treats, one towel, one pillow each basic television no iron no hairdryer. I did need both of these as my other hotel had them and when asking at reception to borrow them i was told there was approx a 2 hour wait!Room was clean staff were friendly although the kitchen had a problem when we was there so you could only really get a sandwich.None of the vending machines worked so when bar was shut no soft drinks could be got. Location was about 10 mins walk from the dlr and a pleasent journey into the city and to canary wharf which is a must to go to !All in all an enjoyable stay basic but clean and affordable	
Jan 10 2007 	A few problems but a bargain for all that!	We stayed in the Travelodge Docklands from Dec 27 to Jan 8. I recommend it because it was cheap, basic accommodation (which was all we needed) and because of its accessibility to transit. the positives:We had two rooms, a double for £26 a night and a family room for £56 a night. Can't beat that for London. Both rooms were decent sized rooms (and bigger than rooms in a certain London Hilton according to my husband who has stayed there on business).The hotel was clean, and the bar/restaurant downstairs was convenient. It's standard fare but they serve a fairly good meal if you aren't expecting haute cuisine. The kids liked it as well which was a definite plus.The front desk staff were extremely helpful - we arrived several hours before check-in, exhausted after the usual all-night flight, and were given our rooms immediately on arrival which I really appreciated. Big (2' x 5'!) towels in the bathroom!The hotel is a short, few minutes walk to the Docklands Light Railway which connects to the Underground. It was close and convenient.There is a small but excellent grocery store just on the other side of the DLR, convenient for anyone wanting to pick up late night snacks or (wonderful!) pastries &amp; juice for in-room breakfasts. the negatives:We had a difficult time getting the housekeeping staff to clean the rooms &amp; in particular the bathrooms every day, probably because we tended to leave later on in the morning and they didn't think to go back and do them. I had to go down 4 days in a row to complain that they hadn't been done. Apparently the hotel ran out of toilet paper!! Perhaps that's why the maids hardly ever replaced the empty toilet rolls. One day the maid left us with 1/4 of a small roll to share between 3 people. I had to go down several times to request more toilet paper and met other guests doing the same thing but the front desk staff were always apologetic and gave us as much as we asked for.No phone calls to the rooms from outside the hotel. We desperately needed to contact our son in the room once while we were out and were told that because it was a budget hotel it was not possible to have the call transferred to the room. This meant that one of our party had to go all the way back to the hotel which was a real pain in the butt. Noise from the roadway if you have a room on that side of the hotel might keep some awake though ear plugs did the trick for us.Bottom line: We all agreed that even though there were problems we would be happy to return to this hotel. This hotel is particularly recommended for families or anyone who needs to keep a strict eye on the budget. You'll get a clean, comfortable bed with own bath/shower (depending on if you have a dbl or family room) in a no frills hotel. (I'd rather spend my money on fun stuff!)	
Jan 1 2007 	great value great location for exploring london	We stayed here for 2 nights with friends to celebrate the new year in London, we payed the cost of £26.00 per room per night, which i think is fantastic price, this lodge is only about a 4 minute walk to Londons Docklands railway which takes you straight into Central london.The hotel was very clean, we did phone the day before as we had been warned about trying to stay in a room the car park side, other wise your room over looks the A13!!!!!!! which can be vey noisy.. our room was top floor on the car park side, which was very quiet, cannot fault this lodge, excellent value for money.Would definately stay again when visiting London.	
Dec 12 2006 	Bargain-tastic!	Stayed for one night, a nice double room cost us £26, which was a bargain. Twice as much would have been fair for what was a clean, tidy hotel with comfy beds and great access to London. I think that some reviews are very unrealistic and unfair - so you only get 5 TV channels - you're paying peanuts, what do you expect?! The room was spacious enough, and basically, this is the kind of place you have as a base, rather than as a hotel experience.Service was friendly and the connection to London is fast and cheap. I wouldn't want to stay in the summer though - the roads nearby are noisy most of the time.	
Nov 14 2006 	Great place to explore London from!	We spent 3 nights at this hotel on a bargain £26 offer - and it was a great base for exploring! The East India DLR stop is 5 minutes walk (and through an ok area so you would be happy walking on your own) - purchase a travel card and then it is very easy to explore all of London.The hotel is a huge impersonal place, but clean and efficient - with a bar/cafe so you are able to eat and drink on site if you choose. It is children friendly too. The rooms are your basic Travelodge style - so clean and spacious enough with all necessities but no extras. Parking is available for £5 per night too.All in all, we would definitely recommend this hotel for an easy stay in London!	
Nov 13 2006 	Cheap but grubby	This hotel seems to share a theme with other travelodges. It's dirty and run down. While the price was good, I worried about my health because evrything was just not clean. This included the rooms, the corridors, the crockery and the cutlery. As it's in the middle of nowhere (lots of office buildings, pretty, but not exciting when closed) it is useful they have a sort of restaurant, but the food is basic and adequate rather than anything else. The bar is pretty much the same with no draught beer, only Cans and bottles. Front desk staff friendly and helpful, but in the bar / restaurant some struggled with English. No problem to get to central London (on the edge of zone 2 on the DLR) but nothing really around it, apart from the Dome across the river.	
Nov 9 2006 	Good Value 	Stayed here for 2 nights with 9 others as down from Scotland on Stag weekend. We booked it because it was only 26 pound per room per night.Rooms were very clean and comfy bed also pull out sofa bed. Plenty BIG towels and excellent shower. Only downside to room was it was on the same side as a busy road and from 6.30ish onwards the noise is quiet bad. (all the other guys were on car park side and said it was silent). Ask for car park side room...Had a few drinks in the bar/restaurant on saturday night before going out was really nice and reasonable priced.. Staff all very helpful although maid trying to get in room at nine o clock is not the best..2 minute walk to docklands railway which takes you in to central London which is fine.We got taxis back one night from west end it cost 25 pound in taxi..OVERALL a wee bit far out for me but good value for money&gt;&gt;&gt;	
Nov 4 2006	A Great London experience	I found the hotel comfortable for our needs. When staying in London and out and about all day what more do you want than a comfortable bed clean sheets and towels and friendly staff. Before booking I read other peoples reviews. All I can say is if you want 5 star accomdation pay for it you wont get that here but it is clean and comfortable and easy access to buses and the light rail. We stayed here 7 nights. Valerie Australia	
Oct 21 2006 	Perfectly acceptable	Stayed here on one of the Travelodges special deals. Was well worh the £26. Room was clean and a good size. Location was only a couple of minutes away from the DLR which took you straight into the City. The bar was ok and not overpriced. All perfectly good. Ask for a room overlooking the car park. Its very quiet. Would stay again for the price. It was better than some more expensive 4 star hotels I have stayed in.	
Oct 13 2006 	Average	We stayed for two nights at the travelodge in Docklands. The area around the hotel is busy during the day but empty on a night - with the exception of East India Dock Road which is constantly busy. Since the road runs behind the hotel the traffic noise is offputing and made if difficult to sleep. The area around the hotel is well lit and generally quiet - so returning late isn't a problem.Whilst the staff were helpful, the bed was broken and the room needed cleaning. Although the towels and bed linen were clean. On the second night we only received one towel - which was slightly bemusing as they left two of everything else.The hotel is a short distance from the East India station on the Docklands Light Railway which has direct links to the tower and bank underground stations. Overall the hotel is adequate - we booked a £26 a night deal but wouldn't have wanted to pay more!	
Oct 8 2006 	Yuck!!!	If all you want is a comfy bed, walking distance to the light rail and to eat in the hotel cafe for under 60 pound a night this is for you. It's definitely not my cup of tea. Business travellers stay clear.Staff not helpful. No in room facilities. Can't get phone calls transfered to your room if family need you. Can only dial out if you're prepared to put 30p connect fee and 20p per minute on your credit card. No facility for internet connection unless you pay even more for the connect time. 5 Pound an hourwireless internet. No guest services (can't dial room to room, no laundry services). Smelly heating (smeell's like someone left their wig in the heater. Nothing worth looking/eating at within an easy walk of the place. No free parking except for the first 20 minutes (which wasn't enough time to check in and unload the hire car.By the way, don't try return your hire car to London City Airport ...booked a car in Edinburgh for a day (5pm to 5pm). Went to the airport at 5pm Saturday only to find it had CLOSED for the day at 12:30pm. 20 pounds of phone calls (plural) to a call centre in Barcelona before we hammered on the door of the terminal and handed over the car keys to a very unhappy security guard.	
Oct 6 2006 	Average	We stayed here for 3 nights in July. We paid £10 for the room for 2 nights and more for a third night. Considering how cheap it was, it served its purpose well. It's a short walk from the railway station, although we arrived by train, and the hotel wasn't easy to find. Once you know where it is you realise it's a short walk. The only real problems we had was that our key card to our room never worked, and every night we arrived home, we were backwards and forwards to reception a few times to re-enable the key card. It was quite frustrating after a while! Also, the first room we had, we couldn't get the taps on, then after using some extra muscle, we got them on but they wouldn't go off. This is a minor thing that could happen anywhere though and they moved us to another room straight away. Overall, we would stay here again, although only if it was £10. Travelling into the city centre was fine, and didn't take too long, but if money is not a consideration, it would be better to stay more central.	
Sep 28 2006 	Better than expected	After some of the reviews didn't expect too much but was pleasantly surprised. 2 mins from DLR. They let us book in at 11:00 even though check-in was 15:00. Staff couldn't have been nicer. Rooms were roasting even in September but for £26.00 a room you can't beat it in London.	
Sep 25 2006 	some improvement at last	Seeing as I booked several non refundable stays at once I had no choice other than stay or loose my money. In previous stays there have been problems in lines with most of reviews on here. I stayed on a saturday and sunday this time and arrived early to get car park space. The car park is too small, but they have now invested in a 6ft high metal fence and it was the first time I had seen no glass on the floor from cars being broken in to. Im not sure why they have not put a security gate on the entrance as anybody can still walk in and out at will, and the front doors of the hotel are left open all night it seems despite the notice of locking at 2200,so little security measures are in place.The room this time was quiet and clean, one broken window latch but it was warm and stayed open! The room was serviced all ok and was nice and clean. The TV was fuzzy and the on demand system remote seemed not to work correctly.The hotel now has WiFi LAN and pay per use internet terminals in the lobby.I didnt use the cafe bar as past experience has not been very good, instead heading to Canarry Wharf on the DLR where there are lots of eating places.Staff were polite and friendly, perhaps somebody at Travelodge is reading these reviews!Lets hope my last prepaid booking at Christmas is even better.	
Aug 26 2006 	great time	I stayed from the 20th till the 24th aug 06 with my two children. the hotel was very clean and room brill and very clean , we took extra towels but didnt need them 2 big towels and small block of soap in room . we had a fan in the room for when it was hot . we didnt deal with staff much but when we did no problems .it is a very short distance from the dlr light railway .i only used bar once but seemed ok sky telly there . didnt have breakfast there because if you are going in to london at tower hill station there is a wetherspoons where breakfast are £1.99 . we only paid £26 for the room so well worth the money .	
Aug 10 2006	Cheap and Easy	For 25 pounds a night you can't go wrong. The staff are pretty rude, but the rooms are comfortable and modern and better than anything else you can get in London for that rate. Close to the lightrail and easy access to London Central. Given that the standard of &quot;tourist&quot; accommodation in London is so bad, you may as well go with a travelodge where you will at least be able to expect a clean and decent room.	
Aug 2 2006 	You Get what you pay for !	My family and I stayed at the London Docklands Travelodge for two nights on Saturday 29th, we arrived at the hotel at about 10.20 and I decided to check that our reservation was on there computer (as it had been booked and paid for in January under one of the saver deals for £26 per room per night) they had my reservation and checked us in, he informed us that there was a £5per night parking fee which we paid he gave us the keys to the room and told us we had access to it. I grabbed the suit case and took them up to the forth floor room 425, I wish that I had read the earlier report about the heating in the building, the heat was stifling it felt like a sauna, the window in the room only opened by about three inches and as Saturday was one of the hottest days in July it made no difference. The walk to the docklands railway was excellent 2mins maximum and cost £4.90 for an all day pass zones 1 &amp; 2 both kids were free. On our return to the hotel we were hit by the heat again. At 2.30am I was awoken by load banging outside of the door an was told that the room next door had flooded the hotel out but all should be ok, the next morning we had no hot or cold water my wife went down to the reception and informed them of this, they said that they could switch on the cold water but not the hot at this point. We had breakfast in the hotel £6 each kids free which was very good, and then went back into London on our return we still had no hot water but as it was still extremely hot in the room we all had a cold shower. The next morning we left the hotel and headed back to Leicestershire, on our arrival I realized that I had forgot my new Timberland boots, I rang the Travelodge and they informed me that they had found them, I asked them if they could send them to me if I posted them some money for the delivery which they could not do, a little customer care would have worked there after all the problems.We would stay there again for the money and convenience of the tube but would take a fan for the room and wouldn’t leave my boots ect	
Jul 27 2006 	Basic but adequate	My wife and I stayed here on three separate times during May and June between tours elsewhere. At GBP26 per night it was a cheap option and quite adequate if you were using it as a place to sleep and eat. The rooms were basic but adequate. On two occassions we had to go and ask for a second towel. One problem was that they would not store luggage on the day of departure. At one stage the one lift was out of order - fortunately we were only on the first floor. The bar cafe was reasonable food (there's nowhere else around without catching a bus or the DLR) but very slow on one night when the hotel was full. It is about 5 minutes walk from East India DLR station, accessible if you have wheeled suitcases (hint - connect with other Tube linesat Bank rather than Tower Gateway if you don't want to cart luggage up and down lots of steps)Overall a cheap option of staying in London if you don't expect too much	
Jul 26 2006	RED HOT SALSA	if you go to this hotel im just advising you to take a FAN. when i was there my aunt who also stayed was took to Newham Genral Hospital which isnt the nicest place to get took since it is FILFTY. The was no air conditioning and there are speicla latches on the windows so you can open them to a small gap which si rubbish. You can ask to get them taken off and they will say yes sure. but nothing happens. I paid £112 for a two night stay here which we thought was an allright price for the tiome of year. but the staff where rude. our door never worked and half the staff at the hotel couldnt speak english . alot of people collapsed when we where there due to the sweltering heat inside. We where forced to pay the very highly priced drinks until we got into town which is £1 for just a small can. Threee ambulances apart from ours carried people away and the staff couldnt even be botherd to open the barrier to let the ambulances. The ambulances crews told the staff that the heat was to hot inside the hotel and that even they felt dizzy from this heat. so i advise you unless it is snowing not to go here	
Jun 7 2006 	Not a pleasant stay	Stayed here during 3 weeks late May and June.Rooms extremely poorly maintained, broken window latches, plaster all over floor, blown lightbulbs, 1 power socket available per room, little to no space to unpack clothes in the non family rooms.Sadly with the staff there are no redeeming features, for the staff treat you like having customers around is something of a nuisance, and they would really rather not bother with them.The service in the restaurant doesn't deserve a mention, the till quite often not accepting cards, and the staff unable or can't be bothered to repair. Everything about this place (dont want to use the word Hotel) is too much. The staff are surly and often rude.I dont recommend this place to anyone, this travelodge needs a change of management completely, as if you are paying full price (as I was) this is a poor quality place to stay. If it was £10 Per night I think I could tolerate it, but this is not a cheap place to stay (by mainland european standards).	
Jan 23 2006 	Fantastic option for just £10 a night!		
Jan 17 2006	Terrible customer service		
Dec 27 2005	Supersaver Recommended		
Sep 26 2005	Awful!		
Aug 23 2005	Quite acceptable - good food!		
Jun 3 2005 	OK but only if you get a good price		
Mar 20 2005	By all means ask for a room overlooking the parking lot		
Jan 8 2005	Great for a budget break		
Jun 19 2004	Hmm... bad. but was better		
Feb 24 2004	It was ok...		
Oct 19 2009	Silvesterreise		
Mar 15 2009 	UNFREUNDLICH UND BILLIG - GENAU DAS WAS MAN BUCHT!		
Apr 14 2008 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Oct 17 2007	Una buena opción		
Apr 22 2007 	Très bon rapport qualité prix avec les promos.		
Feb 25 2007 	lo raccomando		
