Nov 16 2009 	clean good location 	i stayed in this hotel because i had to catch an early train ride to paris the next morning. i stayed for only a night. the rooms were clean and nice - but a little bare. location was great (for my purpose) and it was excellent value for money. food and necessities were also easiliy available as this hotel was located in a pretty busy corner. the staff were also very friendly - one helped me book a trip to stonehenge.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good value	We wanted a modest hotel in walking distance of St Pancras and booked the Premier Inn because of the recommendations. It lived upto its recommendation: friendly, clean, efficient. The breakfast was generous and well-organised - even at 9:30 they were replenishing the croissants.One gripe: the pricing policy means that you have to pay for every &quot;extra&quot;, for instance WLAN and the use of a safe in the room. WLAN should be regarded as a basic service these days. Here it was expensive (5 GBP for an hour) and you have the hassle of logging in with a credit card. Use of the safe cost 1.50 GBP.Despite this, fit for purpose and highly recommended.	
Oct 22 2009 	Much worse than expected.	We booked this hotel as we were arriving quite late at Pancras and leaving the next morning for Heathrow. A no-frills room next to Pancras seemed ideal.We were given a room on the ground floor, facing an alley leading to the street. The room was clean but a bit on the miserable side. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. Still, it's a cheap room, so up until 5:00am everything was acceptable.At that time, however, a loud whining noise started. Exhausted after travelling and desperately needing more than four hours sleep before resuming travel, I staggered down to the front desk. They were very apologetic and blamed &quot;the plant,&quot; and scurried about as if to fix something, but the noise never ceased. Rather, it was joined a bit later by loud mechanical noises coming from either the street or the alley, accompanied by periodic bangs as the fire door in the hallway outside our room was opened and closed.They wound up giving us the room for free, but I would have much rather have had a bit less money and a lot more sleep.	
Oct 20 2009 	great location	just recently stayed at the Premier Inn Kings Cross.Cannot fault this hotel in any way.Arrived early so could not check in at the time, but staff took our luggage and secured it in a locked room for when we could check in.check in was a breeze, no more than 3 minutes to confirm everything and get our keys authorisedRoom was bright, very large queen size bed and two (very comfy) matresses on the floor for our grand-kids. We were expecting a room with a bed settee, but the kids much preferred this. Despite the matresses on the floor there was still plenty roomAircon worked well and heard very little noise from the street, even though we were on the first floor. we were on the side street, I think the main road would be a different caseGreat value menus in both breakfast and evening meals in the hotel.All staff smiled and spoke to you as you went past them. Staff in the restaurant deserve special praise as they welcomed us all in making sure the children were given that &quot;you're special&quot; treatment..Checking out was as easy as it was checking in and again they took our luggage for the day and we had a late return home train journey	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location and value for one night stay	We needed a hotel near Kings Cross St. Pancras station to board the Eurostar early in the morning. In fact, I had booked another B&amp;B but found that with tube closures and work, we would not be able to catch the first train to Paris. I changed to this hotel at the last minute. I didn't have great expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Not big rooms but very clean and a huge, very comfortable bed with great linens on it. I loved the fact that all the checking in was done through a vending machine! I could have done it with the lobby desk but is was a kick to do it the new way. This hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the station. They will let you store your bags there if you are returning. I wanted to have the experience of an old Georgian building so I was going on to a B&amp; B after Paris. No matter though, the Eurostar station in Paris has very secure lockers for baggage. Great for one night.	
Oct 12 2009 	Best night's sleep I have had in London	I stayed for a night in this hotel on a business trip. The hotel was as to be expected from a Premier Inn, with standard fixtures and fittings in room and bathroom. Flat screen TV with Freeview wasn't working when I arrived, within 10 minutes a new remote was delivered solving the problem. The breakfast was amazing, lots of choice and excellent service.But the very best bit was how quiet it was for a central London hotel, probably because all windows face into an inner courtyard rather than onto the road. If I was staying in this part of London again, I would definately choose this hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent value for family travel	We have two teenagers which can make accomodations in Europe expensive where unlike the US it is difficult to find a room that can sleep four. We chose Premier Inn because of the good reviews, price, the fact that they offered &quot;family rooms&quot; and it's location next to King's Cross Station. The room was small but very clean, modern, comfortable, quiet, had a deluxe feel and slept all four of us. We purchased two adult breakfast buffet tickets which allowed us to feed the kids for free. Highly recommend this as it was a complete breakfast--many choices for everyone. Only drawback: we like to eat dinner in local eateries but there was very little within walking distance of the hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. They allowed us to leave our bags in their secure bag check area for a day of sightseeing at no charge. I will definitely look to Premier Inn next time I travel to London.	
Oct 11 2009 	Convenient base camp to explore London	The hotel is basically similar to an American Hampton Inn or Comfort Inn . The rooms are quiet, clean and comfortable. There is certainly no view from the rooms. The WiFi is not free. The main reason for staying here is price and convenience. This hotel is conveniently located right next to the King's Cross and St. Pancras rail stations, a major transportation hub bringing together the Tube, buses, domestic rail and the Eurostar (to Paris). The Piccadilly tube line runs straight from Heathrow to King's Cross, a decent 45 minute ride. A dozen bus lines run out from here across the city. The area has lots of fast food around including McDonalds, Starbucks, KFC, etc. There are more in St. Pancras station. I particularly had a good meal from the Chop Chop asian restaurant on Euston Road; it also has take-away. Just behind the hotel is a TESCO market. There is also a small market/fruit stand/Post Office on Euston.As for local sights, the British Library is a couple of blocks away and it has a fantastic, free gallery of historical artifacts ranging from an original copies of the Magna Carta, the Gutenberg Bible, a First Folio of Shakespeare's works, the original hand written and illustrated manuscript of Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland, and original hand written lyrics from the Beatles.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great hotel for a weekend break	I stayed at this hotel for three nights during a weekend break to London with a friend. The hotel is very close to Kings Cross mainline and tube stations so you can quickly reach central London. The staff were helpful and friendly as soon as we entered the hotel, all the members of staff we encountered during our stay provided good service in a friendly manner and offered advice about how to get to certain attractions in the city. The room was quite small (but I would expect that in London) but was clean and had all we needed. Our room did overlook the lobby which I was concerned about due to other reviews I had read which said this made the room noisy (we were on the second floor). The noise was not a problem with the window shut and one night we left the window open and both of us still managed to sleep perfectly well so the noise wasn't really a problem.We ate in the restaurant one evening and we were treated with the same courtesy as we had experienced in reception and we had an enjoyable meal.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London and particularly to anyone who needs to be near to the station.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great budget hotel...if you're not too tall	This is a clean and efficient (read = small but adequate) hotel with very clean rooms. It is very near Kings Cross station in London which is a constantly busy area but the room we had was one of the most quiet hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. The shower was elevated off the floor and I was not able to stand up in it, and the king sized bed (called a &quot;double&quot; in Europe) didn't seem to be as long as the US version. I'm 6'9&quot; so most people should be fine.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great hotel	At the beginning of my trip I stayed at another hotel in the area, which turned out to be horrendous. I ended up cancelling my reservation for the end of my trip and stayed at the Premier Inn instead. They were so helpful and made my stay very enjoyable. Would definately stay there again. Right across from Kings cross and St. Pancras stations so it is easy to get anywhere you want in London easily.	
Sep 24 2009 	Convenient	Very handy for St Pancras (early morning departure), hotel is good Premier Inn quality, very pleasant. The only bad thing was the price £120 - it's London I am told but that doesn't make it any better	
Sep 20 2009 	A nice surprise	Just three minutes walk from King's Cross train and tuve station and St. Pancras' station, Premier Inn is a lovely faultless hotel: free internet, cable TV, kind staff, gorgeous breakfast, quiet, comfortable, clean... what more can I say? Go for it. Modern style.	
Sep 17 2009 	good hotel  Kings Cross station	Hotel was on a side street close to the station , it has a nice lobby and bar area . We found all the staff to be polite and helpful when we needed anything , they let us check in very early because of our early train arrival . The rooms are typical of others in the prem inn chain clean and functional .	
Sep 17 2009 	Great hotel near St Pancras	We spent 3 nights here in August, mainly as we were leaving on the Eurostar and wanted to be close to the station. The hotel hasn't got many attractions close by but is great for the Eurostar and underground station. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. We had dinner in the restaurant one night and the food was very nice. We paid for 'breakfast included' and it was well worth it. Lots to choose from including cereals, yoghurts, muffins etc as well as hot choices and it was all you could eat. Our room was great with a very comfortable bed and everything was clean and fresh. The price was good too. I would certainly stay here again, it was great value for money.	
Sep 16 2009 	Practical and nice	Very practical - good location (3 min from tube and rail), fine breakfast, fast check-in, reasonable price (for London).The room was a bit small for 4, the children slept on low roll-out beds.Clean room, looking quite new. Was surprised to pay extra for the safe deposit box in the room.The wireless Internet is not cheap.A good surprise for a London hotel.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel for a Great Trip in London	My cousin and I stayed at this hotel for four days prior to our Contiki tour of Great Britain. I had read good things on trip advisor and the value was comparable to other hotels which had poorer ratings in and around the same area, so I decided it was a good deal.We had no trouble arriving from Heathrow and getting to the hotel location. If you are coming from the tube, you exit at Kings Cross station and can easily walk to the hotel in minutes with your luggage. It's a great location for sightseeing since it is so close to the tube and national rail stations, and there are many pubs and nightclubs in the area so it is easy to walk back to in the evening if you've gone out for some nightlife, which saves cab fare.When we arrived I was really impressed with the decor - modern and clean. The reception staff are really friendly, and automatically asked where we were from and why we were visiting, and were happy to look up directions for us and give us any maps we needed. Later in the trip, they would great us every morning and give us tips on how to best get to the attractions we wanted to see that day.We got a room facing out on to York Way, so there was a bit of traffic. I am a very light sleeper, however, the traffic never once woke me up (mind you I am from Toronto, so I am a bit used to city noise). Unfortunately the window didn't open, and the air conditioner was a really big joke. The room was consistently 28 degrees and after a night of this, and an experience with no hot water in the morning, we decided to request another room. We had no problem getting another, and they even let us request a room with a window that opened into the inner courtyard. The air conditioner in here worked GREAT - and we had no more problems with sound as the courtyard blocked all outside noise.My recommendations for this hotel are:1. Request a room on the second floor in the inner courtyard area with a window that opens. This is where we had an air conditioner that actually worked, and where we could open a window. The windows on street level are permanently sealed for &quot;security&quot;. Make sure you get a room that doesn't open up onto the lobby, or I can imagine you would be up all night as it gets very busy and noisy.2. Order the breakfast. It was the exact same every day (a hot english breakfast with fresh fruit and granola, with some coffee and fruit juices) so perhaps if you're having a long stay you may wish to only book for a few days, but it was tasty and did the trick (i.e. filled me up so that I wasn't hungry at all during my daily sight seeings) Also, if you order the breakfast, you have the chance to get a discounted meal deal at dinner which is really great, and tasted amazing. 3. Use the Internet at the hotel if you're looking for a cafe. I didn't see any cafe's around, and the hotel had pretty good prices - 1 pound for 20 minutes. There are only two computers, but we generally had no problem getting access when we wanted. For the next 8 days, I stayed at 7 different hotels, and this was definitely the best I stayed at as I toured Great Britain. If anyone has any further questions, don't hesitate to contact me :)	
Sep 12 2009 	disappointed. Gone bad since last visit 5 years ago	I booked with great enthusiasm as I had been here 5 years ago and had been impressed.This time a few things really disappointed me: we asked for a big room as we knew exactly what it looked like, having stayed here. They gave us a small one. Fortunately they were kind enough to change it and gave us 2 choices. This first room looked tired especially compared to 5 years ago: the bathroom had signs of being flooded by mould around the tub. The duvet was clean but stained by black unidentified marks. There was dust on the desk and the bedrroom mirror. This was on the third floor. The whole building is infested by bad smells coming from the kitchen downstairs.We offered us a room on the first floor. The room was bigger and fortunately on the opposite side of the kitchen , so no smells this time. The windows were on the street which made it nicer, whereas most rooms have a view on the internal yard, quite anonimous and lifeless.But this time the bathroom was dirty. There was hair in the tub. The room had a subtle smell of not being opened with no air circulating. The mirror in the bedroom had white stains. Not at all a good impression.The thing that made us decide to go was that on the back of the receipt thay gave us there is clearly written that there is decaf coffee bags in the room , and other faciliites, which wasn't true. I rang the reception asking them to come upstairs and bring one. I was told (LIE) that they make no room service and I had to go back to the reception. I was already to go for a shower and had clearly NO INTENTION to get dressed again and go, especially if they assure that there is this and that in the room. I told the lady that I had my receipt in my hands with clearly this note and she said that unfortunately they had no one to come for service at that time of the day (6' oclock in the evening).I should have waited a little.After 30 minutes no one had showed up so we decided to leave, packed our cases and went down the reception, waiting for one of the two lifts as the other one was not working. The premature check out was quite easy as they respected their policy of giving back money if no good night's sleep, except that we stayed there for only 2 hours.A few days later I was sent online a survey form. One of the questions was if I was concerned by the credit crunch, and if I was happy to see in the future more automated service, then if I usually choose budget accomodation.. My overall impression is that they are trying to make themselves a place in the budget accomodation to the detriment of good customer service in order to save and gain as much as possible.By the way, to me 94 pounds per night in the weekend is NOT a budget accomodation.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good location with fantastic staff	Stayed here for one night, dinner bed &amp; breakfast whilst sightseeing. Next door to Kings Cross station but remarkably quiet. Good food, with amazing breakast; great quality for a budget chain. The staff were fantastic - swift, friendly service after a days sightseeing- their attitude to all their customers was something that money couldn't buy; we were very impressed.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Hotel thoroughly lives up to its reviews and more	I booked this hotel based on the reviews and we were not disappointed in the slightest. The proximity to transport links cannot be over emphasised, whether arriving by train and or by air via Luton, Heathrow or Gatwick.If you have a room facing the foyer, its going to get hot and the ac would struggle in the heat of summer ( it was 31c ). You would be advised to keep the window closed to avoid any noise from the foyer. The staff are absolutely excellent and we just had a really relaxed two day stay complete with complementary iced drinks to keep cool during the minor heatwave.	
Aug 22 2009 	perfect choice	We chose Premier Inn and particularly this site based on the reviews in this site. Well it was the right choice. Beyond the perfect location near almost every form of public transport exists in London, it is a highly recommended hotel for value for money, maintenance and quality of food and service.We stayed for 1 week with teenagers and other then not having a family room (which is the only down side of the stay-should be considered to encourage families with more then 2 kids to stay), we had a very nice and comfortable stay. The rooms were the right size clean and modern. Breakfast was good value for money (adults, 8 pounds, kid's free-all you can eat with large selection). The staff was helpful and of course the location makes the visit to London for those of us who are here for the first time very easy. Our visits in 2 other branches of the Premier Inn at Edinbrough and Oxford following the week in London were almost like returning home since everything seemed familiar. In both places we found the same high quality of service. Highly recommended hotels for those who like their vacation comfortable but not pricy!	
Aug 17 2009 	Disappointing	Have stayed here twice. Had hoped the bad points might improve and the good points stay the same. This report based on 5 nights and use of 2 function rooms.      Location is excellent - straight out of Kings Cross station and you're there.  They also have a refund policy for serious complaints. I used this on one night. Though since it was a business stay, I'm more interested in things going right than being fixed out being given a refund.     The hotel (or lodge) is fairly soulless. The best bit is probably the adjoining Costa Coffee, or the occasionally lively bar. The rooms and corridors made me depressed - very utility, and a lack of air, light or distinguishing features. Lifts not always reliable, particularly annoying when the room keycards inevitably fail to work quote often. The lighting levels in my bedroom made it suitable for sleep and not much else. The window was a sealed unit, so the lack of air was especially annoying when the airconditioning broke down. Everything seemed screwed to the floor or strictly rationed. Not even a complimentary pencil. The room safe cost £1.50 a day, and wi-fi a whopping £5 an hour.      Evening meals I had were quite acceptable (no more) whereas breakfast was the usual lukewarm beans, budget yoghurt, fried eggs cooked to extinction, and so on. No night time food service, not even a sandwich.       Teas &amp; coffees at functions varies enormously, even within Premier Lodge. Some offer quite good value. This one gave a basic urn of very average coffee for our money and not even enough biscuits to go round. Water would be provided at considerable extra cost. The first function room was abominably stuffy and we had several complaints. The 2nd was ok, but it would have been nice if things like the remote control velux windows had been explained, especially on a hot day. It took staff three attempts to find an extension lead that worked - all very last minute, which added stress. Signage was available the first day but on a later day we were told the hotel didn't do signage - so it's pot luck who's on I suppose.      The staff were generally kind and helpful, time permitting. Not much good if your function is about to start and there's a queue at reception. The person in charge of functions on the first day did give us a discount on coffees, but having things done properly in the first place would have been better. She had a very irritating whiney voice - sorry -and would come to 'help' just at the time I least wanted to be interrupted (eg at last minute as I was setting up projector and expecting guests).      Most staff were great though, and the real problems relate to overall hotel policy and can only be sorted out at area manager level or national level. 	
Aug 13 2009 	Hot and cramped	I was travelling with my husband and three young children. We have stayed at many Premier Inns because the chain is very consistent. You always get the same exemplary level of service, similar rooms, food etc. You really know exactly what to expect. This one was no exception. The customer service is very good, rooms are clean and modern. Food is great value. This one is right next to the train/tube station so really convenient for getting to places in and around London.Negative points here - the room temperature is set on boil and you cannot turn it down, plus the windows don't open. Our first night was disturbed due to noise from a pub across the street but we got a refund for that night through the hotel's &quot;Good Night Guarantee&quot; and they moved us to a quiet room for the next 2 nights which were fine. There is no car park and parking in the recommended NCP is £25 per day.Personally I wouldn't stay here again with 3 children because there are no connecting rooms and one room is way too cramped for a family. I think it would be OK for singles or couples though.	
Aug 11 2009 	A pleasure to have been there	Stayed at this hotel for three nights. Very comfortable bed, clean room, excellent breakfast and evening meal. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Great location for tube. Very quiet, despite being in very busy area. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 6 2009	Impressive service	We stayed here to be close to Kings Cross station for an early train. The room was small, but the price was right. What really impressed was the service - staff seemed genuinely committed to making sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed (well, they do have a 'good night or your money back' guarentee). In house bar and restaurant were also good value and excellent service,	
Aug 3 2009 	Weak a/c is the most negative point.	People of the hotel are friendly, breakfast was a deal (8 pounds for adults, free for kids under 17) with eggs, mushroms, toast, muffins, british beans (sweety sauce), croissants, fruit salad, juices (orange and apple), tea, coffe and milk. The location near Kings cross metro station is very nice. There's no parking (you can park for free in London from midnight to 7am at yellow single lines or dotted white lines at sidewalk) and the internet costs 1 pound/15 minutes (there's no wi-fi). Don't forget to bring adaptors to charge your batteries. The worst part is the weak a/c mentioned before by other travellers. They intend to fix it in the future according to the manager.	
Jul 29 2009 	Can't beat it esp. for the location to Kings Cross trains / St. Pancras	My husband and I flew in late on Saturday July 4, 2009 from NJ. We were visiting our son who lives in Cambridge. This was our first time in the UK. The good people on the forums suggested staying here for the location. They were not wrong, the location was the best for our purposes. We stayed 2 nights but not consecutively because we were also staying in Cambridge with our son. The morning we had to leave on the Eurostar for Paris was so relaxing because it was right across the street from this hotel.The hotel was clean, staff friendly and accomodating and the breakfast was satisfying.Our first night they had to change our room because the AC was not working and that was the last night of the heat wave that the UK had. I had visions of melting in there. NO.They changed our rooms in about 15 minutes. Thank you Premier Inn for a good stay.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location for Public Transport	Stayed for 2 nights. Clean hotel with an excellent location for Kings Cross. A bit expensive compared to other Premier lodges but that's London for you.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent accommodations without all the unnecessary frills.	We were a family on holiday. Mom, dad, and one-year old arrived by train from Belgium. The Premier Inn not only had an excellent location for travelers using the St. Pancras International Rail Station (2-3 minute walk), but the rooms were very nice and service was friendly and responsive. The rooms were large with a nice, comfortable bed and a good shower. Service was immediate upon arrival, and it was courteous and informative. Further, we traveled with an infant, and the hotel provided us with a Graco &quot;Pack In Play&quot; crib, which is an ideal accommodation for a baby on the road. Cost was fair considering the excellent condition and service of the hotel. It did not have all the frills, but I don't need or generally want them, so it was more than adequate to stay at a very nice hotel without all the unwanted service options that presumably increase the fare. The restaurant provided a good buffet for a reasonable price as well.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great but do not stay in the room facing inside lobby	Great, clean hotel. Perfect location. Excellent breakfast and the staff during breafkast service was superb! The only disadvantage was the noise. We sayed in the room facing the inside lobby. Even though our room was on the 4th floor it was so noisy down in the lobby till about 1am that we simply could not fall asleep.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very comfortableclean and quiet	We stayed here the evening of Friday 17 July as we had an early Eurostar train the following morning and did not want the inconvenience of traveling to King's Cross from South London so early. This hotel is a 2 minute walk from King's Cross.I checked in at 4.30pm. The person at reception was extremely helpful. Their automated check-in service is very convenient, particularly if there is a queue or large group of people checking in.The room itself was clean and nicely decorated. The bed was absolutely huge and extremely comfortable, and spare pillows are provided. There was a flatscreen tv on the wall which has freeview. There are tea/coffee making facilities which is handy. In fact this is the first time we have had tea/coffee in the room in the last 6 hotels we have stayed in (ranging from 5 -2 star).There is a small wardrobe which is large enough for an overcoat, a man's suit and a couple of shirts. There is no chest of drawers or similar bit there is a shelving unit under the desk area. The desk area has a chair so you would be able to sit and work. Inside the wardrobe there is a safe which is large enough to fit a laptop inside. The room is air conditioned which you can easily adjust or switch off.The bathroom was functional with a good shower. There is shower gel provided. Decent towels. Clean.We ate at the hotel that evening as we were in a hurry. They offer 2-course meals for £10. We went for the 'a la carte' menu. We had fish &amp; chips and scampi &amp; chips. Both were about £9 each and were fine. Other items on the menu include sausage &amp; mash, burger &amp; chips, pizzas, jacket potatoes. Nothing fancy but enough choice to meet pretty much everyone's needs. The service was a slightly slow but the staff were very pleasant.We didn't have breakfast as we left before it started.We ordered a wake up call the next morning and it arrived on time.All of the staff we encountered - there are lots of staff around - were pleasant and very well trained. The hotel was very quiet - they offer you your money back if you do not have a good sleep and they cannot resolve the problem. We had the best night's sleep we have had in ages and I definitely recommend this hotel for business people, those having a short stay in London or those who have a crack-of-dawn train.At £90 per night it was decent value, in a convenient location and its MILES better than the Royal Scott King's Cross Travelodge I stayed at earlier this year when I had another early train. Premier Inn was £12 more than that place and was about 1,000 times better.	
Jul 22 2009 	Just Perfect	After keeping track of the reviews of this Hotel on Tripadvisor for a numer of weeks I booked a family room through their call centre for 7 nights in July back in January. On the day of arrival we actually were there early and the helpful front desk staff put our luggage in the strong room so that we could go about in London. We checked in later. The staff was very helpful throughout the whole of our stay especially the restaurant staff. Travelling with small kids could be a hassle but the location of this hotel just a throw from Kings' Cross is excellent for the tube. The room was very good, the bed was very spacious and the kids had mattresses on the floor to sleep on but still very comfortable. In fact they enjoyed it. The hotel is very clean and modern and contributed a lot towards our total enjoyment of the holiday. In simple words it was 'just perfect'	
Jul 21 2009 	fantastic!	This hotel is situated very close to Kings Cross tube station so getting around London from there was easy. The rooms were very pleasant and clean. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. We really did get 5 star service at a snip of the price! We dined there on two occasions and the standard of food was very good, the service was excellent! Would recommend this to anyone looking for a hotel in London....beats many much more &quot;upmarket&quot; and expensive hotels &quot;hands down&quot;!	
Jul 19 2009 	An excellent choice	Location was most important to us, and this hotel was perfect - two rail stations within 5 minute walk (Kings Cross &amp; St. Pancras) and their shared underground allowing daytrips outside London and easy access to just about anywhere in London. The room was typically small but clean and comfortable. The staff was terrific - seemed delighted we were there. Buffet breakfast was very good, with attentive staff in a nice room. Several pubs and restaurants within a few blocks.	
Jul 13 2009 	5-Star Staff!!!!!	Excellent value for your money!! You're treated like royalty; the staff know you by name; and everyone works to make your stay as pleasant and comfortable as possible. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to London. It's conveniently located to the Underground and other train travel options, and the staff are very helpful and concerned about all the guests.	
Jul 12 2009 	good value	well priced motel in good location. Not what im used to in Australia as it didnt have a fridge, But staff were very helpful, rooms were clean and quiet, handy location to underground. would definitely stay again when visiting London	
Jul 11 2009 	Bathtub was much needed luxury	Immediately when I checked in I knew this hotel was a quality hotel. The staff is very professional and polite from the first moment you get in the entrance.The room was very spacious, very clean and had air conditioning unit. The bed was comfortable. Room tv had a lot of channels available. The best of all was the little gem: a real bathtub in the bathroom. After being on travel for 4 days already it felt like luxury to be able to have an actual bath. That really made my day.The location is really great next to King's Cross station but still the room was very quiet. Only noise I experince came forom the floor hallway. This is in my opinion the only place for improvement, even though I didn't have a real trouble with it. I heard people talking in the corridor clearly when they were going in/out to rooms. I would think that for axample a group of people on the floor halls might cause an annoyance for a light sleeper. All in all I really enjoyed my time on this hotel and I was very satisfied both with the room and the staff.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good Choice - Found Hotel Using TripAdvisor	Bad: $7.50/day wireless internet (long-term discount availible); air-conditioning broken; no gymGood: Kids eat free (like Holiday Inn) and decent sized, newish, American hotel feel (except for the missing washcloth which is typical in Europe); lots of snack and dining options on-site.We stayed twice in late June and early July, once for a week in London, and then for a night before we went to Airport after a week in France. Read the other reviews to see why the location is one of the hotel's bigest selling points (direct subway from LHR, next door to Eurorail, etc.). London DOES get hot in the summer, and we weren't the only ones with a broken A/C unit (shouldn't be happening at a newer hotel?). Family rooms are on 1st floor and kids have mattresses on the floor which slide under a large bed for parents for storage. If this is your first trip to Europe, or first with kids, this is a good hotel since it isn't much different those in US and you can transition to really small (bed, room size, etc.) and high-priced hotels later. Kids will love the nearby KFC, McDonalds, Burger King, etc. Moms and Dads will like the nearby pubs and Tesco (grocery/convience store chain).	
Jul 10 2009 	Frist Class	Welcoming staff, lovely clean and comfortable room &amp; bathroom. Dinner was also of a very high standard, as was the breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 6 2009	Absoluteley brilliant - Great staff Clean room lovely breakfast !	I have just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights with my daughter. i was a little apprehensive as I have never visited London before without my husband..I was pleasantly suprised.The hotel was spotless, the room excellent, Great , reasonably priced food, but what sets this hotel apart are the friendly , attentive staff. Nothing was too much trouble.Whilst I noticed how attentive the staff were I similarly noticed how rude some customers were to staff and yet they still smiled through it all!Sincere thanks for a very pleasant stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	My trip to London was for me and my sisters to treat mum to a show at the Palladium. I booked accommodation at the Premier Inn, Kings Cross because it's a good central location and the cost of the room was very competitive with other hotels in the area. After spending 2 nights there, I can honestly say that it exceeded my expectations. The room was comfy, clean and modern with a nice flat screen tv that actually worked (I'm just not used to this.) The breakfast buffet (a £7.95 charge on top for eat as much you want) was one of the hotel breakfasts I've had. A huge amount of choice with a an excellent English breakfast and decent toast!! The real reason for me writing a review, however, was to really comment on the exceptional service provided. With the exception of one 'grumpy' man who I actually believe to be one of the managers of the team, the others simply couldn't do enough for you. The receptionists and, in particular, the restaurant staff were just fab. Whoever provides their training on customer relations has done an excellent job. Well done!Would most definately recommend it and be using the place again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Excellent hotel great location excellent service and facilities.	From start to finish we could not fault this hotel. Clean airconditioned double room with plenty of space. Excellent value breakfast and staff very approachable and helpful. Great position for easy access to both Gatwick and Heathrow Airports and easy access to the London Underground with the proximity to Kings Cross - St Pancreas stations.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great mid-range hotel clean great staff and a plush bed!	Very good mid-range hotel for london, premier does a great job of prioritizing service as all staff were very helpful and greeted us with smiles. The room was contemporary and clean like some nicer hotel chains. The tv was a nice lcd screen. We chose to opt out of the 8 pound breakfast and just grab some sausage and egg sandwiches from the small deli up the street. The hotel is conveniently located literally around the corner from the kings cross underground station. The bed was also super comfortable with a nice fluffy comforter and pillows. No free wifi.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good mid-range hotel but not in the summer	Nicer than a Travelodge, Premier Inn's are firmly in the 2.5 - 3* range. The Kings Cross Premier Inn is recent build and as such, it's quite modern in style and furnishing. Rooms have basic, but functional furnishings with large beds, nice bathrooms and flat screen TV.Nothing is overly luxurious, but all is functional. Staff were pleasant, and the location is excellent - Kings Cross allows you to connect to rail, underground and bus services with ease. Some of their rates can be quite expensive for what you're getting, due to it's location.However, if I were to stay here again, it really would depend on the time of year. Premier Inn made a major fumble here. For what is a relatively recent build hotel, the absolutely abysmal air conditioning they installed is unforgivable. The system is next to useless, with little or no cool air coming from the units. The hotel know it's an issue and take steps to keep the temperature down, but at the end of the day they simply aren't effective. Yes sheets instead of the duvet are nice, and housekeeping closing the curtains to &quot;keep the temperature down&quot; is a step in the right direction. However, during London's hot, hot summers they simple are not able to combat the oven-like room conditions. Room fans are nice, but at the end of the day they only move warm air around. People who have never stayed here before may think this is an over-exaggeration, but I'm afraid it isn't. The heat in the hotel is beyond unpleasant and into unbearable. So much so, sleep is extremely hard to come by.So yes, I would stay here again at the right price - but no price would tempt me to stay here during the summer period. During cooler periods, sure, but nothing on earth could make me go there during high temperatures. Sorry, Premier Inn, but you screwed up badly with the air conditioning in this property and it loses big marks on that front.	
Jun 29 2009 	Superb location and facilities	I stayed here for a couple of days as my base for travelling to Hyde Park for a music festival. My primary reason for choosing this hotel was the proximity of the hotel to Kings Cross station - I was booked on the 10am train home which meant time for a leisurely breakfast before the 2 minute walk to Kings Cross.A bit of background for non-UK visitors: Kings Cross / St Pancras is one of London's transport hubs, buses go to all round the city from there, overground trains from all over the north of the country and underground trains all over the city, are all easily accessed from there. So the hotel being just round the corner means it's ideally placed.In common with Premier Inns around the country, there's also a good restaurant and bar attached, and this one also has a Costa coffee downstairs. An added bonus of this one is the Tesco Metro next door for anything you've forgotten.So what's the hotel itself like?Well, it's a Premier Inn so there's a certain level to expect. Comfortable beds, fresh linen &amp; towels, clean bathrooms, TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities in room. All the basics you need for a stay away from home. Breakfast is worth buying at £7.95 a pop, it sets you up for the rest of the day I find, meaning no need to stop for lunch.Staff as always are extremely helpful and polite and give the impression that nothing is too much trouble.So what's wrong with the rooms, that I've only given mine 3/5? Well, when I was in London the daily temperature was approaching 30degC. Hot, humid and stuffy. The air-conditioning in my room though had to be seen to be believed. Ineffective is not the word for it. It wasn't that it was broken - it was just that it was possibly the worst air-con I've ever seen. I've stayed in other Premier Inns where the air-con has been excellent so they know what to do. A table top fan had been provided by the hotel but this just blows the warm air around, it doesn't cool it. There was a note on the table in the room from the manager, introducing the hotel and facilities which also said that the fan was available and that the cleaning staff would leave the curtains shut during the day to help minimise the temperature. So the hotel are aware of the problem and know how to fix it.Apart from that though, I'd recommend the hotel and would stay there again - but not in the summer until they renew the air-con!	
Jun 28 2009 	I would definitely go back	Four of us (2 adults, 2 children) stayed for a total of 5 nights (2 different rooms on different dates) and really liked it. The Pros:1. Location (nice and close to The Tube and Rail stations)2. Modern Rooms. The rooms (we stayed in 2 different rooms) were modern and clean3. Wifi Access (not free though)4. Food. The restaurant had good food and was a good value for the Kids at dinner.5. Price. This hotel represents very good value.The Cons:1. Front Desk service was not great. This was a minor issue however and did not create any major inconveniences. Would I stay here again? Most definitely.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great hotel reasonable priced in convenient location. Fantastic staff 	We spent 2 nights at the Premier Inn Kings Cross in May 2009 with our two children aged 11 and 5. We were arriving from the US after a 4-night stop in Disneyland, and decided to have a brief break in London, and a chance to see the sights, before driving to South Wales.I chose the hotel on the basis of location, price and favourable TripAdvisor reviews. We were a little apprehensive of what to expect, having not stayed in London before and feeling a little dubious about the more &quot;budget&quot; priced accommodations. However we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived.Basically, it's 4star without the little &quot;luxury extras&quot;. We had a tv, kettle with coffee/tea making facilities, and plenty of room to store all our luggage despite the fact that we were sleeping 4 in the one room. Our room contained a king size bed, a single bed, and there was a very comfy mattress on the floor beside our bed for the 5 year old. In fact, all the beds were very comfy. Everything was modern and absolutely spotlessly clean. We had dinner in the restuarant both evenings - the food was great, with very generous servings, and extremely polite, friendly and helpful staff. We also booked the breakfast, which was £7.95 per adult and free for the kids. It was fabulous! There was everything you could ask for: toast, croissants, bacon, sausages, eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, several varieties of cereal, granola, yoghurt, muesli, porridge, freshly cut fruit, tea, coffee, juice ... all you can eat.The location was really convenient, being across the road from Kings Cross/St Pancras stations. The front desk staff were great. We had trouble calling Avis (our Avis pick-up location had changed the phone number since we had made our booking), so the front desk were more than happy to find the number, and call Avis for us to confirm our vehicle pickup, and then help us arrange a taxi to get us and all our luggage to the pick-up location. The hotel is also very conveniently located for rental car pick-up - Avis Euston is a £5 taxi ride from the hotel. You could walk it easily, but not with the luggage that we had!It was also very reasonably priced when compared with other London hotels that have less favourable TripAdvisor reviews.I would have no hesitation booking a Premier Inn in the future. Incidentally, we also spent a night in Premier Inn Gatwick on our return home, organised by British Airways when our flight out of Heathrow was cancelled. We received the same high quality service at Gatwick Premier Inn as we did at Kings Cross.	
Jun 24 2009 	excellent value and location for London	When we were planning to visit London, our dilemma was the high cost of hotels in general.We looked at many around 100BP per night and this one came up; we also double checked with TripAdvisor and was happy to see the rating.We booked and stayed there for 1 week from end of May to Jun.Conveniently located near the Underground and train station (St. Pancras).It's clean and service is very good.Since we were out trotting around London, we didn't need any other facilities like swimming pool, spa, etc.For those from North America, this is comparable to Day's Inn, Comfort Inn.	
Jun 24 2009 	A great hotel in central London	Modern, clean, efficient and friendly - I just can't criticise this hotel at all. This is the second time I've stayed there and will definitely go back on any future trips to London. Was particularly impressed this time with the friendliness and helpfulness of the mostly young, enthusiastic staff. The breakfasts were great, and you can pay for them on the day if you're not sure of your plans. Location is ideal, especially if, like us, you are arriving at Kings Cross - its really is a 2 minute walk. Our room was very quiet, had air conditioning, and the beds are huge and very, very comfortable.	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent choice for London!	We stayed for one night and were extremely happy with the hotel. We paid 90 pounds for one night, which in comparison for what you will get for a budget hotel (of 60-80 pounds) in this area/London is very good! The room itself was a great size and had a huge bed - my partner is very tall so it was excellent that we had extra room without being cramped. The room also had a kettle and tea/coffee, as well as a great bathroom that was very clean. I stay in a hotel approximately once per month and I was very happy with this hotel. The only thing that was a bit annoying was that I didn't realise that there are 2 of the same hotels in the area so actually went to the Euston Rd one first....but think the one on York Way is better. I know London very well so I was able to walk everywhere from this location but I think first time visitors would also be happy to stay in this area- lots of facilities and easy to get around...also perfect for Eurostar! ps I am 34 y.o female who doesn't like the idea of 'budget' hotels but very happy with this one!	
Jun 21 2009 	Good value comfortable hotel	We had an excellent, one night stay in this hotel. For us, it could not have been better placed next to Kings Cross station. Our room was a good size and adequately furnished and the staff were helpful and efficient. We paid the extra for the full English breakfast and this was both good quality and good value for money – kept us going through the Chelsea Flower Show until 3 in the afternoon. We would definitely stay at this hotel again on our next trip to London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very Good Premier Inn	Stayed in this hotel overnight before going on the Eurostar. In general the hotel is fine with a good dining room and evening menues which means that you don't really have to go out for a meal . This room doubles as the breakfast room in the morning.The bar is also very good with excellent service from the staff there. The automated checkin is a bit mind blowing but manageable when you calm down, bit like the self service check outs at Tesco.Althought the bedrooms are small , the bathrooms ok ,allla re functional just try to make sure that you don't get a room overlooking the foyer as these are dark and pokey and in warm weather very hot. Cheap a\c in the rooms which are very noisy. clean	
Jun 16 2009 	A Must Stay	I stayed here with my fiance who had lived in London for 9 years, this being my 2nd trip to London.The hotel itself is lovely, staff very welcoming and helpful, even when check in at 2pm gets a bit hectic of a weekend! They make sure everyone is seen to quickly and efficiently. We had one problem though, as we were paying by credit card, we were asked to use the check in pods, which was fine....but the pods checked us into a twin and not a double. A quick call and a receptionist popped up with a new key to a new room. Sorted.The room was clean and bed very comfortable. Great strong shower in the bathroom although the aircon left a wee bit to be desired! It was a very warm weekend and the room did get a bit stuffy.Not the hotel's fault at all, but why parents insist it is ok for their children to run up and down hotel corridors screaming at 2am is beyond me.Check out also painless, they looked after our bags until it was time for us to go to the airport. Handed in keys, job done. Literally a minute walk away from Kings Cross / St Pancras station.Costa Coffee attached to the hotel as well as a bar area (which we never used) so it was a winner for us and we're going back in August with our friends and will not hesitate in using this hotel each time we visit!	
Jun 13 2009 	Above Average Premier Inn	We stayed here for 1 night in June 09 with our two year old. As other reviews state, it is convenient for St Pancras and Kings Cross; and Euston station is 5-10 mins walk away; plenty of buses around too. As usual for the Premier Inn chain, the hotel does what it says on the tin: it's basic, clean, with friendly staff. At check-in they were trialling a new automatic DIY check-in machine, a member of staff showed us how to use it and it was very fast and straightforward. You put your credit card in that you booked with, it takes your payment, and then gives you your room keys. Simple!This hotel has been renovated recently. Our room was on the small side compared to other Premier Inns we’ve stayed at, but the storage was good, and it was clean and fresh looking; additionally, there was a flat screen TV, and a small but smart looking bathroom, with a powerful shower.The building itself is modern, and therefore the rooms seemed to have good soundproofing, we had no problems with noise; we were at the end of a corridor so this may have helped.As seems to be usual with Premier Inns these days, breakfast was fully self-service. The only problem I have with this is when it’s busy, there are a lot of people to-ing and fro-ing between the tables with plates/cups of hot food/liquid – health and safety? However, £7.95 for as much as you can eat, and under 16s eat free is very good value. Wide range of breakfast foodstuffs, except no cheese or cooked meat. Hot breakfast has REAL mushrooms, not the disgusting tinned grey sludge that can be found in even more upmarket hotels. Whilst we were there the toasters didn’t work properly, one undercooked and the other cremated! Still, I expect this was rectified as Premier Inn have a rolling programme of maintenance.£120.00 for room only, is reasonable value for London, and if you need the nearby train stations, it’s the best option.	
Jun 11 2009 	Convenient location great price great service. What more could you ask for?	This is a great hotel! Location: The location is a very short distance from King's Cross and St. Pancras - not the greatest night life, but you're minutes from anywhere and everywhere you'd want to be (Victoria, Circle, District, Piccadilly, etc. run right through this station). I heard from a few locals that St. Pancras area was previously a bit of a dodgy place known for prostitutes, but it's recently been cleaned up a lot with the introduction of St. Pancras International. I had NO problems whatsoever, there were always a lot of people around so it was very safe feeling, and I saw a good number of police officers in and around the station so I would say the city has been very successful in making this a safe neighborhood now.Service:Everyone from the front receptionists to the cleaners to the night staff was friendly, willing to help with just about anything, and knowledgeable about the area itself. They did an amazing job keeping our room clean, and on the one day that we left the &quot;Do not disturb sign&quot; on, they left us a note saying they'd be willing to come back and clean at a more convenient time in the evening if we'd prefer that. Great service!Rooms:The rooms were CLEAN, and were a pretty good size for Europe. The bathrooms seemed to be brand new - great shower, really big tub. The hotel puts emphasis on people being quiet within the hallways - with the combination of that and the durability of the rooms, we NEVER heard another customer and had no outside noise whatsoever. The TV was one of those 17 or 19&quot; LCD televisions about the size of a computer monitor, but we never used it since we were so busy touring.Misc:We took the Eurostar one day to Paris and back again - this hotel is perfect for doing that, since you're so close. I highly recommend it. Also, the price of this hotel was in line with the Travelodge we stayed at in the Liverpool Street area - but the value was so much higher! Also as an aside - the breakfast was good (they were also really polite), fairly priced and with a lot of food and a cool dining facility. . and it's also worth mentioning that the pub that is attached to the restaurant area of the hotel is great! Good selection of beer, lots of TV's to watch the local Rugby game, and quality British food (Sausage and Mash, Beef Pie, Fish and Chips - all the staples plus everything else you'd expect!) at a great price. An excellent place to unwind at the end of a long day!I 100% recommend this hotel. Great location, excellent service, great price. How can you go wrong?	
May 29 2009 	great hotel great location great price	We choose this hotel because of its location – 2 min walk from Kings Cross Station and St. Pancras International. We arrived to London at 11 am and decided to go to hotel to ask if we can leave our luggage there. We were positively surprised that we could not only leave our luggage there, but we could check in at 11 am. The room was spacious, modernly decorated, clean, and quite; the bed was huge and comfortable. The all you can eat buffet breakfast was very tasty and worth of money. The staff was friendly, nice and they answered all our questions.There is a restaurant in hotel – but we did not try. Next to the hotel there is Tesco, Starbucks, and many fast food restaurants.I would definitely stay in this hotel again and I could recommend it to everyone.	
May 21 2009 	good hotel at a good price	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel (5 nights - 2 adults and 1 child). The room was very clean and looked recently renovated. It was rather basic (little toiletries, no drawers, no minibar..) but all in all more than adequate for the price and with all what is really needed. The staff was very nice and helpful. Location is excellent being close to a major transportation hub that makes your life as a tourist very easy (especially when you are dragging tired kids back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing). I was actually a bit worried about the area and related safety, but it turned out to be no problem (Just to be clear, this is not a fashionable area in the middle of action, but it is extremely convenient).I would probably not choose this hotel for a romantic week-end, but it would be my first choice for any other trip to London.	
May 19 2009 	Front desk need training	Everything is ok with this hotel except the communication and training from the front desk. When we checked in i told the front desk that we will be staying for 2 nights and we will be out of town so i need to put my luggages for them to keep since i will still come back and stay at this hotel for another 3 days and they said ok, the day that i'm checking out they said no, i went down to the front desk and i met an indian guy and he said ok no problem, miscommunication among the front desk people and i need to carry those luggages to St. Pancrass station for locker by myself and they didn't even offer to help me to call someone to help me even to call a cab although it's near from the hotel. When i come back after 3 days with all the luggages, those front desk ladies that said no even give me a ridiculous smile when i check in, is this how they treat the guest?	
May 18 2009 	WOWZER!! perfect place to stay for a trip to london	this really is a fantastic hotel. charming friendly staff, welcoming atmosphere,clean and comfortable, its also excellent value for money. Nothing is to much trouble for the staff at this hotel, we arrived at the hotel at 7am and although check in wasnt until 2pm the staff offered to take our bags off of our hands we could then make the most of our first day without being limited as to what we could do by having to lugg them around with us! when we did eventually get back to the hotel (aprox 4pm) there were staff a plenty that were more than willing to help us check in, retreive our bags for us and made conversation that didnt seem forced or &quot;part of there job role&quot;. The room was airy, clean, comfortable,quite and the most comfy bed we have ever slept in, overall i reallly cannot fault anything in our stay in the premier inn kings cross and would recommend anyone to stay there.	
May 17 2009 	Excellent value hotel in great location	We stayed at the Premier Inn, Kings Cross on a saturday night for a trip to the theatre. Coming in to Marylebone Station we took the 205 bus from the station forecourt to Kings Cross Station and walked around the corner to the hotel - less than 20 minutes from train to bed.Check-in was very efficient with the reception staff guiding us through the self service check-in procedure. They even had a big bowl of sweets for the kids - a nice touch. Getting into the room was a bit of a challenge with the swipe cards failing us on several occasions. Surely there must be a more reliable system available - perhaps like the oyster cards on the tube which never seem to fail.Our room was a family room which was plenty big enough for four of us. Even though our room was on the front corner of the first floor right above the bar/restaurant it was very quiet. A small fridge in the room would have been nice, but other than that we had all we needed, including a safe.Covent Garden was a few stops on the Picadilly line from Kings Cross which is literally 2 minutes walk from the hotel. Coming back was equally quick from Oxford Circus on the Victoria line. In fact Kings Cross is on so many tube lines that you can get to virtually anywhere in central London quickly.Next morning the all you can eat buffet breakfast was free for the kids and £8 for us grown-ups - fantastic value and very tasty. The restaurant staff were very efficient, seemed really happy and even had time to stop and chat to the kids.In summary this is an excellent hotel in a great location. The staff are very well trained and really friendly - we will be back.	
May 12 2009 	Perfect for all needs	I stayed at the Premier on two different occasions in the same week...once on my own, and the other once my friend got to town. Both rooms were surprisingly large and comfortable.The location of the hotel is hard to beat, just a stones' throw from the King's Cross underground station and St. Pancras Int'l. I was using both stations, so it worked absolutely wonderfully.The hotel staff were top notch, from my early check in, to altering my second reservation, to my key not wanting to work correctly. They were always BEYOND friendly and ready to help in any way they could. They also had solid food recommendations.Though you have to pay for it, the wireless high-speed internet is fast enough and consistent...though a &quot;hard-wire&quot; option would be nice...Overall, if you are in London for business or pleasure, this place is a perfect base for your needs...location, great staff, and amazing prices ensure that they'll see me there again soon!	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent base for sightseeing	I stayed with my wife and 6 year old son at the Premier Inn Kings Cross for 5 days in February on a mixed business / sightseeing trip. As I had business for a couple of days in the area, I chose the hotel reluctantly, thinking that it is too far from the center for sightseeing. However, the proximity to 5 tube lines means that you can go pretty much everywhere without changing trains, including Heathrow (via tube) and Gatwick (direct train to St. Pancras on weekdays) - this is a very big plus if you have kids with you. There is a grocery store in the same block, the shops at St. Pancras are open late (some are open 24/7) and there are nice places to eat with a kid in the area (including Kitchin across from the hotel and the hotel's restaurant). So the location turned out to be great.Regarding the hotel itself, the price during the weekend was very good, but it nearly doubled during the week - probably some event was going on at this time. Breakfast was excellent (english) and considering that it's free for kids under 16, it is a bargain if you do have kids with you. The room was fine, and the sofabed for the kid was good, but heating came from a portable heater (strange) and there was no fridge (slightly inconvenient). The room was in the back, so it was very quiet. All in all, if the price was reasonable for the weekdays, I would definitely stay here again, especially with kids.	
Apr 15 2009 	I always use this hotel when in London	The hotel is all you could ask for really. I would recommend if possible asking to have a view outwards towards Kings Cross Station, Ive been placed once on the other side overlooking a supermarkets rubbish area - not so good!! The location is ideal for the trains and for Subways, especially if like me you train it straight from Gatwick.The breakfast might be expensive, but worth it I'd say!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent hotel	We chose this Premier Inn due to the close proximity to Kings Cross Station. It couldn't have been better located-turn left out the station, left again then a couple of minutes walk and you're there-perfect with a suitcase and family!Our room and bathroom were modern and very clean. Our bed was huge and very comfortable. Our 2 children were on pull-out beds from under ours which were also fine.We stayed for 2 nights and had breakfast in the restaurant on both mornings. It was self service-serving full cooked breakfast, cereals, fruit, yoghurts, pastries etc-there was something for everyone. At around £16 for the 4 of us it was incredibly good value-especially for London prices! The staff were all very friendly and helpful, especially some of the restaurant staff.The ONLY negative thing I could say about our stay was that our room was situated at the front of the hotel, which unfortunately was a very busy road, with alot of police sirens going past. But this didn't hugely impact on our stay. Obviously it's the luck of the draw which room you are allocated.Overall it was excellent-friendly staff, clean, modern, perfect location-we will definately stay here again.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good value for money	Just stayed in this hotel for three nights and must say it's really good for London standards AND not too expensive either. It's right next to the King's Cross station, so you have very good connections into all parts of town. Everything was very clean and the room was nice. It might have been a bit small for two people but as I was on my own it was ok. Breakfast was fine too, although I missed some cheese; there was none on offer. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The only real downpoint is that you can't open the windows, so there's no fresh air, only the air condition. I would definitely book again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good location pricier than our normal	We stayed three nights in this hotel in early March. Our overnight flight put our arrival at the hotel about 7 a.m. (well before check-in time.) A very nice lady at the front desk was quick to tag our luggage and lock it away. She asked if there was anything we needed, gave us maps and answered all of our questions. We returned from our running around about a half hour before official check-in time but really tired. The same woman went to extra effort to get us a room and find our luggage which had by this time become stored behind a lot of other luggage. The room was very comfortable and clean. The bathroom also was a perfectly functional size and clean. The towels smelled of Elmer's glue, but that could have been worse. There were three of us so we were given a room with a queen sized bed and a sofa/daybed about the size of a twin. The smaller bed seemed rather an afterthought and was shoved right up to the window. The drapes blocked the light well and considering it is a major metropolitan area, the nights were pretty quiet. We are used to staying in very cheap hotels and this hotel is more expensive than we would usually pay for, but it was so close to St. Pancras and we had an early train to Paris when we left so we shelled out the extra. I think it was worth it. I would gladly stay there again and hope I can afford it.	
Mar 30 2009 	What a find!!	My family of four went for a sightseeing weekend and opted for this hotel due to its location outside the congestion zone. We arrived early on Friday and had no difficulty negotiating our way around the congestion zone. Parking at St Pancras was very expensive, £40 for 18hrs, and a good 7 minute walk away. On Saturday we were able to park on the road directly outside the hotel. The location of the hotel is perfect, 2 mins to Kings Cross with its links to the whole city, although I did find the tubes unpleasant due to overcrowding. We were also directed to eat at Kitchin, located at the side of the hotel, which was a contemporary Thia, Indian, Chines and Italian buffet, which was very good.The staff at the hotel were absolute gems, the room spacious, modern and clean. The breakfast was fab. Our only gripe was that the heating was faulty in our room. we were provided with a portable heater which meant it was difficult to maintain a stable temperature one night. I mentioned this the next morning and we were given a full refund on that nights stay! What service! I did feel a little guilty because although I had struggled to sleep, I thought the hotel was top notch and would definately return again	
Mar 24 2009 	Wonderful and Convenient Hotel.	The Premier Inn at King's Cross is a wonderful hotel with convenient Tube access to virtually anywhere in the city. The King's Cross/St. Pancras station offers connections to many different lines. Moreover, if you are planning a trip to Paris the Eurostar is just a hop and a skip away. We found out the hard way just how useful this was when we woke up 45 minutes before our train was set to leave for Paris. The checkout was painless as a friendly staff member stands in the lobby and collects your card key and asks your room number. We busted a move through the lobby, crossed two streets and voila we were ready to check in for our train with time to spare. Being near the train station also means that there are convenient shops for necessities (Boots and Marks &amp; Spencers) as well as quick bites that are open late. The restaurant in the hotel offers good food at a reasonable price. The service at the hotel is amazing and everyone is attentive and helpful. A nice perk is they offer a phone card that can be purchased in 5 pound denominationsfor international calls. This was a great way to keep in touch with family and friends at home. Internet is also offered in the lobby using a coin operated system. The rooms are spacious for European standards and is comparable to many American hotel chains in terms of size and amenities. I will definitely make it a point to stay here again the next time I am in London.	
Mar 20 2009 	Perfect for Eurostar	This is a great place to stay the night before an early Eurostar trip. Very upmarket compared with most Premier Inns and given the location the price is justified. Good staff who were struggling with the automatic check in as it wasn't working properly. The room was surprisingly big but the bathroom was smaller than usual but adequate. One negative point was that our room had a window facing the atrium, which although there were curtains had strong artificial lighting on all night which was annoying.We didn't use the bar or restaurant as we know the area and did our own thing - there are plenty of good restaurants close by. Good cafes at St Pancras for breakfast.	
Mar 13 2009 	From a Singaporean point of view.	Majority of the staff are helpful and proactive. The beds are comfortable and the housekeeping team did a great job of clearing up the room. The location is fantastic as the quick access to King Cross equates to direct access to most part of London. We woke up to tasty and warm breakfast every morning. The room for improvement is perhaps rotating/changing the buffet breakfast items so that guests would not get bored after staying for more than 3 days in a stretch. Eg. Alternate between serving back bacon and ham, pork sausage and chicken sausage, baked bean and green peas.	
Mar 3 2009	Handy for Eurostar	There's only one reason to stay here. It's less than five minutes' walk to St Pancras station so, if you've got an early morning Eurostar to catch, it's an ideally placed, fuss-free solution. It's a peculiarly designed building, with an atrium running through the centre. What this means is that a lot of the rooms don't have an outside-facing window but instead overlook the lobby. It's hardly ideal but, if you're only here for a night (as we were), you can live with it.You can check in at reception or at self-service machines, which dish out your room keys along with a receipt (you pay on arrival). This worked well and was certainly quicker than waiting in the queue for a receptionist.The room itself housed a large double bed but there was otherwise very little space in it. The telly was attached to the wall, for instance, as opposed to sitting on a cabinet at the foot of the bed: it was the only way to fit it in. Surprisingly then, the bathroom included a bath, with an astonishingly powerful shower over it.At £108 (not including breakfast), it didn't feel like it offered particularly good value. But it's so handy for the Eurostar terminal that you're prepared to overlook such a steep price for what is, in effect, a glorified Ibis.	
Mar 1 2009 	The Ideal Location...	We selected this hotel as we were travelling from Scotland to Europe by train/Eurostar and it had a good rating on Trip Advisor. The location is certainly excellent - 2 minutes walk from King's Cross and 5 minutes from St Pancras Eurostar terminal. Arriving well after midnight, we found very welcoming and chatty reception staff. The room and facilities are high quality and the main atrium and bar area relaxing and attractive. Although relatively basic, you could easily pay far more for a poorer quality hotel in this part of London. Our only gripe was the amount of noise in corridors and adjacent rooms during the night which suggested that sound-proofing was fairly poor, but the hotel cannot be entirely responsible for noisy guests. The hotel was very responsive to complaints though, and they offer a money-back guarantee if they can't solve your problem.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good Value Good Location	We spent six nights in this hotel and were well satisfied. It's a new chain (at least to us) with a dozen or more locations in London and probably hundreds across Britain. We were pleased with the location we chose. We were a block from Kings Cross and St Pancras stations, and you can't be much more centrally located in London than that. The hotel was completely satisfactory in every way, and a very good value for London. As has been noted by others, the rooms are a little smaller than average but we found ours perfectly adequate for the two of us.The breakfast buffet (not included in the room rate) was also good value for people who need to begin the day with a big meal. For coffee and muffins, there is a Costa coffee shop off the lobby. We can't think of anything negative to say about the Premier Inn Kings Cross and will probably choose this hotel again on future visits.	
Feb 18 2009 	Basic Hotel with Excellent Location and Service	I had booked this hotel for 5 days after reading the reviews from tripadvisor and I was travelling with my family and all of us were very happy with the hotel.Location is very good and near to Kings cross tube and eurostar terminal and there is a bus stop close to the hotel.Service is very good right from the reception to restaurant.The staff are young and are very helpfull.We had breakfast all days at the hotel and it was wonderfull although the negative point was that it was the same food on all days.There are lots of food outlets close to the hotel.The rooms were clean and being a budget hotel was small although we did not mind it very much.Overall was very happy with the hotel and would recommend it to all.	
Feb 16 2009 	Recommend Premier Inn King's Cross/St Pancras	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in February on a short trip to London.It's central location within a minutes walk from the King's Cross underground station cannot be beaten. It's also a pleasant 30 to 40 minute walk from the hotel through Bloomsbury to Shaftesbury Ave and onto Trafalgar Square. The hotel itself is great value. The rooms are small but spotlessly clean and the beds are so comfy I slept like a top on both nights. We had dinner in the dining room on one night and a buffet breakfast in the morning set us up for the day.In particular the young staff were pleasant and helpful beyond the call of duty. I will certainly return.	
Feb 10 2009 	From an American	This was my first trip overseas and my first experience at a hotel anywhere besides the U.S. and Canada so my perspective may be somewhat different as I compare the Premier Inn here with the standard hotel/motels in the U.S. I found the staff extremely, friendly, courteous and helpful. Even the chef who prepared the hot breakfast buffet was a cheery fellow who engaged us in a friendly chat each morning. Our breakfast was included in our Thomas Cook match-break package, but the selection and quality of the entrees was as good as anything you can get in the U.S. I'll ditto some of the comments both pro and con I've read here: the room key cards often do not work, there is no wash cloth in the bathroom (unthinkable in any U.S. motel), the rooms are very clean and tidy, virtually no noise, the staff kept our bags secure before our official check-in time, and it is very close to the Kings Cross transportation hub from which you can get virtually anywhere very quickly. We used the tube to get to and from Heathrow. No problem. Maybe this is common in Europe or England, but we found the electrical system quirky. You had to insert your room key into a slot to operate any of the lights or electrical outlets. When you pulled the room key out, you had just a few seconds before the lights and power went out again. I didn't know this and left my son in a darkened bathroom with unfinished business. The kind where you have to stand and aim too. Also, I learned that a twin bed isn't separate twin beds, but two twin mattresses, each sheeted separately but on a single frame. My single bed was also two twin beds sheeted together. Also there was no blanket the kind we would recognize, just some kind of bedding material enclosed in sheets. Again, something you would never find in the U.S. There were no bureaus, drawers or even a clock. Again . . .  But we were very happy to stay there and would come back again. I just loved the staff and their friendliness--something unfortunately you rarely find in the U.S.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great location and good quality hotel	Extremely convenient location. Choice of reception desk or self service check in. Good breakfast.Only fault was cold corridors but room cosy.Would return and recommend	
Jan 25 2009 	The chilled out atmosphere	This is a very nice budget hotel. It has a lovely modern atrium and a great value restuarant and bar which serve good quality food at very resonable prices. I had really nice veggy sausages and mash at the same price I'd pay at the pub. The staff were delightful and youthful and fun and could not have been sweeter.The room was comfortable and smart but budget and a little simple. It is a very modern and upmarket Premier Inn and not at all like other ones I have stayed at.The hotel is practically on the platform of Kings Cross Station and very handy.	
Jan 12 2009 	Comfortable basic hotel	I have stayed at this hotel many times for business as we have a coroporate account with the chain.Premier Inns are pretty consistent for having a comfortable bed, clean bathroom and delivering adequately with no-frills.Showers usually work very well, you get tea and coffee but little else. I've always found it quiet despite the location.This hotel does now have an automated check-in facility - just pop your credit card into the machine and it pops out your room key and receipt. This is very quick and handy.The only problem I have had on many stays here is once when my TV didn't work. I have eaten in the restaurant a few times and it's nothing special, but unfortunately there's no actually a great choice of other places to eat around the hotel. It's mainly takeaways but there is a Tesco express at the back of the hotel. Leaving the hotel and walking away from the main station there are some reasonable bars that open late, but no place that stands out for recommendation.I do feel that £120 for a weeknight stay is a little expensive for these type of hotels, but in London even the Travelodges are £109 during the week!If you don't mind being a little further out then the Premier Inn at Putney bridge is a better and cheaper option. Nicer area and far more choice of restaurants, nicer pubs, etc.	
Jan 5 2009 	Good location for Eurostar	Clean, neat hotel, everything in the room worked, room not too hot, staff efficient and pleasant. We were up early in the morning to catch the Eurostar so we didn't try the breakfast. Plenty of places to eat nearby. Price reasonable-for-London (i.e. slightly less of a rip-off than most). The roll-out bed for our child wasn't very good quality, though, and the room was a bit cramped with it laid out.	
Jan 2 2009 	New Year's Eve	Booked Jan 2nd 2008 for the New Year's Eve celebration in London. Checkin was busy, but used the new self service kiosks which were easy to use. A very helpful staff member came by to make sure everything was OK with the check in process and explained the procedure for getting into the hotel after midnight.The room was a bit basic (eg you dont get drawers) but very clean and comfortable and well worth the £110 rate for a central london location on NYE.I didnt use the restaurant/bar but the there is a Costa Coffee on the entrance which was very welcome on New Year's Day morning.	
Dec 8 2008 	spot on!	We paid £244 for a family of 4 to stay 2 nights bed &amp; breakfast. We were very impressed by this hotel which was literaly 2 min walk from tube station.The bed was very comfortable. We booked a family room 267, there was no view but we really only wanted somewhere clean &amp; comfortable to stay.Drinks in the bar were very good value. We did not eat in restaraunt however we heard lots of people say their meals were very nice.The rooms were very clean, spacious &amp; decorated well.The breakfasts were lovely &amp; all staff in this area were very friendly &amp; could not do enough for you.We checked out of our room before the correct time (12) &amp; was offered to leave our bags in a room provided by the hotel. We would not hesitate to come back.	
Dec 5 2008 	how could you beat this!	Took the wife and kids to london for the first time and booked here over the internet. i have to say that i wasn't expecting much (as we were working to a budget) but boy was i so wrong! From we arrived till we left the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Food top rate and cheap all you can eat for £7.95 and the kids eat free! i would say forget about the more expensive hotels this place has all you would want and being close to the underground you are never far from anywhere in London.	
Nov 17 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel is excellent. I did think it was a bit expensive but considering how well placed it was etc I couldn't really complain! Was so clean, fresh and cosy. Drinks were ridiculously expensive though even for London i think. For some reason the hotel hadn't told my friend her card had been declined when she booked 5 months earlier. This was a bit of a problem as we then had to scrape money together that was for spending. Wished they had said it had been declined at time of booking as it would have been so much easier. We hardly spent any time in the hotel just because we were so busy on our 2 day trip of London. When we needed a taxi to go to the theatre we asked at the desk and they put a light on to tell taxis to come in and get us. This was great!Overall a good experience!!!!!!	
Oct 29 2008	Pretty good value for London	We just stayed at this property and can globally agree with the positive comments.PRO:- convenient location, very close to King s Crossand St Pancras- plenty of underground connections available- modern hotel- comfortable room- good breakfast buffet- A/C was working properly- bathroom fairly ample and very clean- though much higher that a normal Premier Inn in the country, was still good value for London- good to be able to leave luggage in a secure place after check-outCON:- we booked a family room, we obtain a normal room and a mattress on the floor for our son ... - room is small for 3 people- as in most hotels in London the staff is very young unexperienced and foreign - but here the staff was speaking understandable English ..., they have to do everything, e.g for the breakfast, seat the guests and clean the tables as well ... ensuring long queue in the morning of grumbling patrons- room was pretty noisy the double glazing was good but not sufficient to ensure a quiet night- cards to access rooms and lobby was not wroking well, had to go frequently to front desk ... to complain and have it changedGLOBALLY POSITIVE	
Oct 22 2008	In the Shadow of St Pancras	The Premier Inn almost invariably represents good value for money in a central London setting. I stayed here for three nights in late September 2008 at a cost of circa £110 a night. My room was compact, comfortable and well insulated against the street noise outside. The Premier's proximity to the tube at St Pancras (about 500 hundred metres away) also makes it (and London itself) highly accessible.If I had one small quibble, it is the Premier Inn's tendency to instal Lux liquid soap containers above the bath. Yes, they can serve as soap, shampoo and body gel, all rolled into one. But there's something very proletarian about this scrimping attitude to toiletries. It would be so much better if they had a nice selection of small soap bars, shampoos and bath gels.As one reviewer has already noted, the Premier breakfast is exceptionally good value and sets you up for the day. All you can eat of either Continental or English breakfast for the highly competitive rate of £8. I have yet to find a hotel in London which matches the Premier's price in this regard.But the really special thing about the Premier is that it is only a stone's throw away from the newly renovated St Pancras International station. And that station is fast becoming a new London attraction. The architectural design of the station (with huge swathes of glass forming its roof) is a wonder to behold. And the giant statue of the two lovers embracing is fast assuming iconic status. Not to mention the movingly affectionate statue of Sir John Betjeman, clutching his hat in strong winds.There are also some great restaurants in the new St Pancras Station. The St Pancras Grand (opposite the Champagne Bar) has won many rave reviews from the critics (though I did not sample its pleasures myself). But I dined a couple of times in Le Pain Quotidien. It has a great selection of freshly made soups, meat pies, steaks and other dishes (including an eclectic selection of wines and beers). All served in a wooded room resonant of a small French bistro (though adjacent to main thoroughfare which cuts through the station).I'm really glad the Sir John Betjeman saved St Pancras for posterity. And the renovation of the station has breathed new life into the entire King's Cross Area. From a place of ill repute, it has now been transformed into one of London's gems. And, as I observed earlier, the Premier Inn is located in York Way, just about 500 metres away from the magnificent station at St Pancras.	
Oct 14 2008 	London Gem	We stayed here 3 nights, October 8th-11th, 2008. Cost is £115 for weekdays and £90 for weekends, including taxes. This hotel is a rare gem in London, it offers a new (by the look of it) hotel across the street from Kings Cross station. Kings Cross is a transportation hub with 6 London Underground lines going through it and any number of over ground trains to many places in north-east UK.The staff here are very friendly, the hotel itself is about 6 storeys with elevators. It’s “cool” in design, with a large atrium where the lobby and check-in desk is. The rooms are by North American standard tight in size, however completely functional; the ensuite bathroom has a tub/shower in it. Our room had a huge king size bed with ample storage space below it for suitcases etc. There is a hanging closet with about 8-10 hangers in it, however, there is no other storage for clothes in the room, either hang them up or leave them in the suitcase! There was also a safe at the bottom of the closet however they are not functional at this time but expected to be in the near future. There is a desk for working hung on the wall with a business chair for writing or computer use. A warning about the room phone, you need some special prepaid Premier Inn calling card to use it and THERE IS NO PUBLIC PAYPHONE IN THE LOBBY! Use one of the ones across the road at the station.The “full English breakfast” (additional £8 each, kids under 16 free) is amazing. It’s an all you want breakfast bar with bacon, eggs, sausages, baked beans, fruit, yogurt, cereals, toast etc. Well worth it.Stay here with confidence.	
Oct 13 2008 	Exceeded expectations	I took a group of customers to this Hotel for four nights of sight seeing in London. I had read some of the great reviews on trip advisor and thought it looked like a good bet based on it being in the top 30 of popularity. Booking online was easy and all confirmations were sent quickly. I started to have second thoughts days and considered changing hotels before the trip because I had read that Kings Cross was a so-so area and there were a few mediocre reviews. What a mistake this would have been!The hotel is excellent from the second you walk in. First it is a very easy walk from the tube and train station making it easy to get around anywhere in London. The neighborhood is lively and felt safe. We got to the hotel 4 hours before check in and upon arrival a very nice gentleman came from behind the desk to ask if he could hep. We mentioned we were early and would like to store our bags and he happily obliged taking them to their secure bell room. When we returned in the evening we were quickly checked in through the electronic system with the help of another staff member. Our rooms were all excellent......very clean, roomy (by london standards) with king size beds, a nice desk/dressing area decent size tv and a good size bathroom. It's not five star, but for 100 pounds you shouldn't expect it to be - having said that, I would rate the service we received as world class. We took the breakfast option for 7.95 pounds and I would highly recommend this. It is a hot buffet with lots of options and it is in a nice windowed room on the main floor. The food was excellent and it was a good way to start and plan our days.There is a good restaurant/pub and a coffee shop in the restaurant and many in the neighborhood. There is an excellent restaurant next door called Kitchin which serves an all you can eat buffet of Indian, Thai, Chinese and Italian. They will custom cook in front of you as well and for only 12 pounds we thoroughly enjoyed it on two nights.All in all, this was one of the best hotel experiences I have had, and considering the price, the location and comparables in London, you can't go wrong with the Premier Inn King's Cross - Book it with Confidence.	
Oct 6 2008 	Good choice	I booked a twin room in this hotel, for 9 nights in september. I had some problems at checking-in (their kiosk didn't work) but sorted it out. We had a nice room, with comfortable beds, but sometimes it was too warm inside and had to turn on the air conditioning (which was a bit loud). The tea and coffee making facilities were good, specially for me as i love tea. Also, the iron and ironing table provided was much help.Everything was very clean. We took our own shower amenities as we thought they didn't provide it, and it was the right thing to do. The hotel has a very convenient location; we took the tube everywhere!. Also, a small supermarket is nearby. About the breakfast, it was a good english breakfast, but i'm not used to it so i didn't try the hot food, just the cold stuff. It wasn't too impressive for me as it didn't include cheese or ham, but it could be because they focuse in the hot food. The juices were great tough!.One thing that happened during our stay was the fire alarm got activated at 7AM, and we were conducted to the outside of the hotel. The process was quick, and after a few minutes of lack of information, they told us that a guest smoked in the room (which is totally prohibited and it is clearly said in several places in the hotel). I felt the hotel staff handled the situation well and i felt safe. Staff was friendly and polite, altough they didn't provide good information about internet access or printing services for a couple of pages we needed to print. We found a good option near Tothenham Court, as we couldn't find any place near the hotel. Overall, it was a nice stay, but maybe for a 2 or 3 day stay.	
Oct 6 2008 	Can't beat the location	Had a one night but long weekend stay in the &quot;Smoke&quot;. Was the first time we had stayed here and found it absolutely ideal, especially if your using Kings Cross or the Eurostar.We arrived at 11am and we were allowed to check in immediately which was a relief, because i do know of some London hotels where they charge for the privilege.Hotel was clean, modern and had the usual Premier Inn purple everywhere.Breakfast was about £7, but we declined.The usual noon checkout applies but you can leave your luggage in a secure room, again another bonus.All in all a very enjoyable stay.	
Oct 3 2008	good Location	Booked a family room, for myself and two teenage daughters. The third bed is adequate but very small for a tall teenager. Main bed very comfortable.For price in London the hotel is good and the location to main train station is the attraction. You can check out and leave luggage until returning to go home on train.The room is compact but a bit cramped when three people trying to get ready. Breakfast was good and plentiful with under 16s eating free.The main problem we had was that the room was very stuffy and hot during the night making sleep almost impossible. We couldn't get the air conditioning working or the windows open, my daughter had an important interview in the morning and lack of sleep was not conducive to a good interview.Filled in the feedback form and complained to staff re stuffy room and lack of sleep. Advice given was that we should have come down for a fan. !Given that their policy is that they guarantee a good night's sleep, i did expect some feed back but have had none.	
Sep 23 2008	great choice	I choose this hotel because I was getting the 07.01 Eurostar. An extremely pleasant girl helped me check in and an equally pleasant young man checked me out.. My room was lovely and I had an excellent and very reasonably priced meal. I will definetely use this hotel again and will also be very happy to tell friends about it.Thank YouJoy Scott	
Sep 22 2008 	Great location very good facility	Very convenient location, only 1/2 block from the King's Cross station. We showed up late (midnight) but were greeted right away by friendly, efficient staff. Room was fairly spacious, including the bathroom. King bed was comfortable. Property was clean, cheery, very purple. Nice breakfast room; plentiful breakfast. Would stay here again, if we had the chance.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great budget hotel	Stayed here due to closeness to St Pancras for a Eurostar trip ( that never happened but thats another story), allowed to check in early, staff attentive, room clean , quiet , breakfast excellent.	
Aug 29 2008 	First timer!	This is the first time I have stayed at a Premier Inn and did so as my daughter and her friend were travelling to Paris on the Eurostar at 6.30 in the morning so I wanted a hotel near by.It was really very very good! Clean and spacious rooms and we had 4 in the room inc 3 teenagers!!!Very helpfull and polite staff, really I could not find anything to fault the place.Excellent value for money. I would stay again.	
Aug 17 2008 	No surprises and very plesant	Stayed at this hotel for one night before going to France on the Eurostar early the next day. The hotel was reasonably expensive for a Premier Inn, however being in central London next to a major rail station this is only to be excepted. Having said that it was considerably cheaper than any other hotel we could find within a similar distance of St Pancras International station. The hotel itself is very nice, clean, tidy and looked pretty modern. The staff where friendly and helpful with any questions we had. The hotel has a restaurant attached to it as well as a Costa Coffee shop. We used the restaurant for an evening meal and it was pretty expensive for what it was, but again you are paying for the location more than anything else.There was nothing to complain about with respect to the room. It was an average size for this type of hotel with standard en-suite facilities. The room was clean and tidy and had everything we needed.Overall, nothing special but well priced for the location and everything was as expected.	
Aug 5 2008 	Good location	Great 10 mins from Euston Station, clean rooms tv/tea/coffee...bed comfortable, quiet of an evening.......great location for the tubes......would use again....breakfast extra at the pub next door....recommend	
Jul 28 2008	The best place I ever stayed	all I can say is wow. the rooms, customer services, automated check in etc., everything fabulous. keep it up kingscross	
Jul 28 2008 	Fantastic value for money	We were looking for a hotel in central London and having read the information provided in the premierinn.com website we decided to book this hotel. The location was ideal and from the minute we checked in until we checked out, we were honeslty so impresed with the staff in this hotel. They just could not do enough for us, we have a 2 year old and theyteam really made her feel special. The rooms are spotless and extremely clean and believe me I am paranoid about cleaninless!The breakfast was absolutley great value for money, in central London, £7.50 for all you can eat and our daughter eat for free, I simply could not believe it.This was the first time we stayed at a Premier Inn and we were delighted with this hotel and the staff we just fabulous, cannot recommend it enough!!Maria	
Jul 26 2008 	Can't be faulted	We stayed here for one night with our two and four year olds. The staff are excellent and friendly, and the rooms clean, big and comfy.For a hotel in the middle of London, this place cannot be beaten.	
Jul 23 2008 	Excellent Stay	I stayed here with my wife and children 5 &amp; 8 for 4 nights in a family room (1 king bed, 1 fold out double). The room was equal to anything of the same price in Australia, very very clean. I heard no noise from other guests and found the staff to be excellent. The breakfast was excellent and well worth the price of $15 AUD per adult with children eating free. The location is very convenient for travel on the tube and to get to and from the major airports. After travelling around Europe for a month, this was the last stop and by far the best hotel, it was also the cheapest at $200 AUD per night. I would highly recommend any person who is after a very clean and confortable hotel in london to consider the Premier Inn London - King's Cross.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Hotel and a great location	I stayed in this hotel,with my partner, over the weekend (Sat-Mon) at the beginning of July 2008. Having stayed in a few Premier Inns over the years I was expecting the same standards as I have seen in the other hotels, and I have to say I was not disappointed.The check in staff were excellent. Made me feel like a valued customer and not just another &quot;number&quot;. Gave me clear directions to my room and informed me of breakfast times in the restaurant.The room was on the 4th floor over looking the main road and Kings Cross railway station, The station is currently undergoing a renovation and I was concerned that the road noise coupled with the noise from the building work would disturb us. But the room had adequate sound proofed double glazing so much so that the road noise was only a faint sound if you listened really hard! The room itself was bright and airy and very clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. It had all the usual ammenities, tea/coffee facilites and TV with freeview etc. There was an air conditioner in the room which did work rather well. We left it on while we were out and the room was nice and cool on our return, However that been said it was making some rather unusual noises and was very &quot;rattley&quot; and a bit asthmatic, so we had to turn it off to sleep as it would have kept us awake.The breakfast in the morning has the usual good selection. Various types of cereals that you can add an assortment of dried fruits to should you wish, croissants, toast which you do yourself, plus all the bacon, sausages, beans, mushrooms you can eat. They will even cook the eggs to your liking. The coffee left something to be desired as it was a little weak and tasted like it had been left to stew too long, but you could always use a sachet of Kenco and just add hot water from the dispenser if you wish.Overall a very pleasant and comfortable stay in this hotel, which is something you would expect of a Premier Inn. I would not hesitate to use this hotel again, so much so that I have already made a reservation again for the first weekend in August.	
Jul 22 2008 	really good	we (2 adults, 2 kids under 10) stayed for 7 nights this july 08. only 95 metres from kings cross, conteporary design. staff very firendly and welcoming esp with the children. they take time to really speak to guests. kids get an activity pack upon arrival,which realy wins them over. room is adequately sized even with two beds on the floor for the kids, lcd tv (remote wasnt working) . all clean throuout the 7 days. had little snafu with credit cards but staff really came through. really difficult fo fault and particularly recommended for families with young children.	
Jul 19 2008 	Below expectations	We stayed in one of the family rooms at the Premier Inn Kings Cross St Pancras for five consecutive nights in July 2008, having based our choice of hotel to a great extent on the large number of positive and even enthusiastic reviews on TripAdvisor. We were two adults and two girls, aged fifteen. However, our experience was very different from the picture which is given in most of the reviews here.The hotel does have some good points, but also problems, and quite a few of those. We did not in any way expect any kind of luxuries, just a decent budget hotel, but we still found the Premier Inn to be a disappointment.To begin with the good points: the hotel is kept clean throughout. Breakfast (an extra £ 7.50 for adults, free for children under 16) is perfectly alright, though in no way sensational, but it offers plenty of choice. There is a kettle, tea bags and tea cups in the room, which is nice. The location is excellent, a mere 2 minute walk from Kings Cross station, where you will find buses and underground trains going in almost every direction. There is a Tesco Supermarket and an ATM in the very same block as the hotel, on the corner of Caledonia Street and Caledonian Road, and a lively pub on the opposite corner. There are plenty of restaurants within easy walking distance, many of them on the southern side of Grays Inn Road, as well as an Internet Café if you need that (we did). Last but not least, most of the people working at the front desk are very nice, efficient and helpful.However, what is being advertised as a family room suitable for two adults and two children under 16 is actually a fairly spacious double room, with two additional mattresses laid out on the sides of the double bed, in sharp contrast to the description on the Premier Inn homepage, where you book for “children under 16 in beds”. To make it easy to stow the mattresses under the bed when they are not being used, they have been made considerably shorter than the bed, and were not really long enough for our teenage girls, who found the arrangement unsatisfactory and disappointing in several ways, not least because they could feel the springs in the rather thin mattresses when lying on them. The double bed itself was alright, but the available floor area became very limited with the extra mattresses laid out, and thus, there was not really enough space for four suitcases. Also, there is no real closet or wardrobe in the room, so you have to store most of your clothes in your suitcase. The ceiling height is very low – no more than 2.3 metres, at the most – and all windows in the family rooms are non-opening, according to the front desk this is for security reasons. Our window had a view of the pitched roof on the adjacent building, no more than four or five metres away. All in all, the room felt slightly claustrophobic and congested, quite a bit like the cabins on the cruise ships going between Stockholm and Helsinki on the Baltic Sea.The bathroom had a tub with a fixed shower which worked well once you had figured it out. However, the bathroom was designed to be used by no more than two persons, and therefore there was no place to hang the two additional towels (we were given four towels). Nor was the ventilation in the bathroom designed for four people showering directly after each other, and you had to keep the bathroom door completely closed while showering because otherwise the steam could set off the highly sensitive fire alarm, so our bathroom rapidly took on the appearance of a sauna every morning. Not being able to open a window at these times was rather frustrating.The housekeeping was literally out of everything. When we arrived at the hotel, there were four tea cups in the room but only two glasses, and since it was quite late, we decided to use two of the cups for our toothbrushes, and the next morning, we told the front desk that we would like two more glasses in our room. Somehow, this message did not get through: when we returned in the evening, there were two new glasses and four new cups on a tray, while our toothbrushes had been scattered around the basin in the bathroom as if they had been litter. I have stayed in a number of hotels on four different continents, ranging from five-star establishments to the very simplest, and I have never encountered anything even remotely similar. Even in the old Soviet Union, the privacy of your toothbrush was respected. The beds had been made, but our nightgowns and nightshirts etc. had been crumpled together into a ball and then placed on top of one of the mattresses on the floor. When we went to the front desk to explain that we do not appreciate such treatment of our personal belongings, they were very sweet and helpful, and promised to take care of the matter promptly, which they did, and the toothbrush incident was not repeated. However, the housekeeping was full of surprises and highly inventive in their treatment of our nightclothes, to say the least: one day we found our items on top of the pillows, one day under the pillows, one day spread out over each other on the back of the chair and one day on the desk. And one evening when we came home, we found an empty pillow cover on the basin. And when the soap container in the tub/shower was empty, it wasn´t refilled. I could go on, but I think you get the general picture. To be sure, there are far worse hotels in London, really bad ones. And to be fair, the problem is not so much the hotel in itself as the expectations which are raised by the Premier Inn homepage as well as by some the reviews on this website. If you are on a budget, travelling with young children, aged 10 years or younger, and if you are prepared to put up with erratic and unpredictable housekeeping as well as the other issues mentioned above, booking a family room at the Premier Inn Kings Cross St Pancras is certainly worth considering. However, do not expect too much. And you should by all means consider other available options as well, because I believe you could find something else which is just as good or even better for the same price. As for me, in spite of the excellent location and the helpful and considerate people working at the front desk, I will look elsewhere for accommodation the next time I visit London.	
Jul 1 2008 	The best place to stay in London!	The Premier Inn at Kings Cross is located near St Pancras station and Kings Cross station. It is located in the business district. This hotel does have air conditioner! The staff is wonderful and very helpfull and friendly. It does get a little noisy if your room has a window on the street. But overall, its a great place!	
Jun 27 2008 	Very convenient	I often stay in Premier Inns whilst visiting family and friends, or on business. They offer a good, consistent standard.I had never stayed in one in London though.I stayed on my own whilst in London for an awards dinner. It is so convenient to the Kings Cross station. Literally 100 yards from the entrance. No need for a taxi. Handy for tube connections all around London.The hotel is clean and bright and well furbished.Check in staff were helpful and friendly and discreet when giving me my room number (always a concern for a woman travelling alone)An ideal hotel for a one night stopover (as on this occassion) or a short sightseeing break in London (maybe next time....)The only downside was a musty smell in the bathroom that I tracked down to a slightly mouldy shower curtain	
Jun 25 2008 	Close to everything!	I was really looking for a nice budget hotel that won't be too hard to get to and Kings Cross was perfect! From Heathrow, just take the Picadilly line and next thing you know, you're in Kings Cross station. No need for confusing train transfers. The hotel is just a few steps away from the busy station and yet, it's quiet in the hotel.Aside from being near to the tube, there's a Tesco at the back, a few pubs, lots of places to eat nearby. The bus even stops almost across the hotel so if you don't feel like taking the train, the bus is great.The hotel staff are FANTASTIC. Friendly and helpful. The room is generously sized. There are extra pillows and towels. The thermostat can be switched to warm (very important for a Manila girl like me!). There's TV with lots of channels, a strong shower (too strong actually so that it pounds on your skin), a tub, hot water, a hot pot, tea stuff, etc. And the all-you-can-eat breakfast is quite good.Obviously, I loved staying here!	
Jun 25 2008 	A Good Find	On the way back from conference in Bournemouth we decided to break our journey in London. We had not booked anywhere and walked in to the Premier Inn off the street, We were offered the internet rate and given a room on the top floor.The hotel was great, modern and trendy. The staff on reception were friendly and helpful. The room itself was functional with a massive comfortable bed and nice bathroom. All in all good value for money and in a handy location.	
Jun 24 2008 	What I Expected	I last stayed here a year ago. It was for 2 nights and it was a positive experience, so this time I decided to spend 3 nights. Check-in took much longer than last time, despite the front desk being fully staffed. I think it may be due to new employees. I was given a much bigger room than last time. There was only a view of the back of another builidng and a construction site. I booked breakfast with the room, it is still 7.50 pounds for all you can eat. The orange juice is the best I've tasted in the world. Don't use the vending machines, before checking it is OK. There was a malfunction that takes your money but doesn't dispense the item that you selected. When I checked out, a girl at the front desk offered to store my bags and wished me well.	
Jun 24 2008 	Excellent budget hotel	Stayed there for total of 3 nights in 2 visits. Was welcomed very warmly and allowed me to check in at 9 am even though the policy is 2 pm. Very helpful when you fly for 23 hours total! Staff were all warm and helpful. Room was very clean and spacious for London standards. Air conditioning was the only downside as it was slightly cool. My preference is to be on the really cool setting. However, this will not stop me from staying again at this hotel. Other highlights: 1) extremely convenient location with many tube lines and even Eurostar just a block away. Only one train from the airport (Heatrow) to King's cross ( Picadilly line). 2) Despite the super busy location, the hotel is located in a very quiet side of an otherwise busy neighborhood. No noise in the room. 3) The breakfast ( add 7 pound 50) was very good for the price ( again, you are in London; a McDonalds Breakfast is close to 5 pounds). The croissants were unusually good! Reminded me of freshly baked croissants in France Also, the sausages were of good quality. Scrambled eggs just a little too watery/ liquidy. The help staff in the dining room were mostly students but all very gracious and helpful. Verdict: Will definitely stay again!	
Jun 17 2008 	great find- ohio traveler	we stayed at the premier inn kings cross june 1 and june 2. we were looking for a clean, affordable hotel that was within walking distance to the tube and St.Pancras. this hotel was perfect on all accounts. we flew into gatwick and took the First Capital Connect train straight to St.Pancras( only 24 euros for all 5 of us including travel passes on the tube). From St. Pancras, we walked through Kings Cross station, across the street and right into the hotel lobby. The lobby is a large, modern atrium. We could not check in at 11am, so they stored our bags in a large room behind the check in desk. We booked two exterior rooms on the third floor and were not disappointed. Both rooms looked brand new and were very clean. The showers worked great and the beds and linen were perfect. The comments about the place being very quiet is absolutely true. We paid $30 a day for all five of us to eat breakfast in the hotel(kids 15 and under are free). The breakfast was well worth it. They have a wide assortment of food including omelettes, bagels, toast, etc. My only complaint is that they didn't have skim milk, but no one else in europe did either. There is also a coffee house on the other side of the atrium if you want. The kings cross/st. pancras tube station is right down the street and has more tube lines running through it than any other station. we only had three days to sightsee, so being close to the tube was key. The staff was very helpful and more professional than most hotel staff in the U.S. If you are looking for an old fashion Victorian era hotel, this is not your place. This a new, hip looking hotel that was much cheaper than many other hotels and perfect for rail connections. We took the 3:30 Eurostar on to Paris, which meant we could sightsee until 2:30, grab our bags from the lobby and walk right into St.Pancras for the train. No expensive cab fares or worrying about missing the train. The area around the hotel and St.Pancras has a lot of construction going on, and I suspect it is going to be a great destination in 3 or 4 years. Special tip: The British Library is two blocks from the hotel and has a room called the &quot;the treasures room&quot;. It is free and has two original prints of the magna carta, several Shakespeare sonnets and the original scribbled words to several Beatles songs. The kids loved it.	
Jun 17 2008 	Way better than Best Western	After staying at the best western on the way over we found premier inn a true delight. London standards are way different from the US and way below our par but thanks to trip advisor I found this nice little hotel to stop over in. The beds are way better than best western and the hotel is nice and the rooms are good for a stopover. I wouldn't spend more than a couple of days here but nice for stop overs. Skip the best western. Oh and book dinner or breakfast buffett - it gets crowded quickly. Take the gatwick express into town and take the shuttle to the airport.	
Jun 10 2008 	Surprisingly good	I stayed here for one night on a business trip. The room was very large and well-appointed - probably the best Premier Inn I've stayed at. It's not in a pretty area and not really walking distance from the main tourist attractions, but is in a great location for train and tube links.There are a few noisy pubs nearby, but the music died down before midnight. Very good value for money.	
Jun 9 2008 	Beats everything in the area in this price bracket	Stayed one night on business. Delighted by short walk from Kings Cross (about 100 metres). Greeted by happy, helpful staff. Everywhere in the hotel was very clean, everything worked and the room was suprisingly quiet considering the hotel's location. There's not much else to say that hasn't already been said in other reviews on here, it ticks all the boxes.	
Jun 8 2008 	A gem! Highly recommended!	I'm from the U.S. and this was my first trip to London. I didn't know what to expect and chose the hotel based upon it's proximity to King's Cross/St. Pancras. What a great choice!! It is right across the street from those stations, as well as the Piccadilly line (King's Cross tube stop)--this is the main line for Heathrow and many sites, or provides easy transfers to other lines. I thought the location was excellent for all of my site seeing and theater-going. The hotel is very clean. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful. The room was spacious and clean. All rooms are non-smoking (I was told this when I requested a NS room). I had a room that was along the exterior side of the hotel and had some construction noise, but I was up early anyway (and one would presume the construction will not last forever). This was such a pleasant surprise--I booked it somewhat blindly based on location and was hoping for &quot;passable,&quot; so I was so glad to find such a gem. I will most definitely stay here next time solely based on the the quality and excellent location. Tips: bring a travel alarm as no clocks in room. The hotel does not hold bags overnight, but there is a place called &quot;Excess Baggage&quot; in St. Pancras (across the street)that holds bags for 6.50 a day--I did this for my trip over to Paris as I didn't want to haul all of my bags. (Though they will hold bags on the day of your arrival/check-out; again, very friendly and helpful). I usually hate the transfer from train/airport to hotel, so this location is great--right across from the Piccadilly (Heathrow) Line, National Rail, and Eurostar Stations.	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic 'budget' hotel	Stayed here on two consecutive weekends during my time in London. I was very impressed with the quality of the rooms, for a 'budget' hotel; huge bed, very modern, and very good size bathroom with all the necessary amenities. I also opted for the £7.50 all you can eat breakfast which was excellent value for money.Location is ideal for getting around London as it is very central. There is also a Tesco just down the road if you forget anything. Parking wise, after 1:30pm on Saturday there is free parking on the street for the rest of the weekend.My only negative point was on my second stay, the room was too hot, as I got a room which doesn't have a window which opens to outside. (In certain rooms the window open to inside the hotel, due to the design and shape of the hotel). There is air conditioning in the rooms but it wasn't very effective.However I would definitely stay here again. Great hotel, great value!	
May 24 2008 	Very impressed	We stayed for 2 days in a double room in April and couldn't fault the room, service or standards of cleanliness we experienced during our stay. All of the staff were extremely polite and helpful and also very knowledgable about the facilities and local area.The room itself was a good size and the bed was the best of any budget hotel I have ever stayed in. My husband and I are both very tall so we usually suffer in a standard double but the Premier Inn bed was huge with good quality linen and pillows and was extremely comfortable.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone and we will certainly stay again in the near furture.	
May 19 2008 	Friendly and pleasant hotel	It is a really great place. The location is perfect, just off the Kings Cross/St.Pancras tube. We even got a room at 9:00, were able to leave the bag and be off to the city. The staff is extremely friendly, attentive and helpful, both at the reception and the restaurant. Twin room was very small, but clean and functional. Breakfast was tasty, well organised, a lot to choose from. Kids eat free with paying adults. One evening, we ate at the hotel restaurant, and the food and service were great. They willingly agree to store the bags after check out, which is great, too. For a budget hotel, it should be one of the best options in town. I will definitely stay here again next time.	
May 13 2008 	Make sure you get an external room	Ok, so it is budget accomodation I would have to class it.. but when you are guaranteed a non smoking room, and don't get it?? Kinda a problem. We are both non smokers &amp; I have slight asthma that comes back every now and then... I had looked around at so many hotels in London and because it was only 1 night before we flew out, it didn't have to be too cheap.. Because we know that cheap in London doesn't equal quality... Well, that's what I found anyway..It wasn't too bad I would have to say. Not the cleanest hotel we have been in, but clean enough.. It was meant to be a double bed... But we were given two singles.. We did complain about the smoking room, and we got a free dinner... I guess that was ok.. I was really hoping to switch to a non smoking room, as that's what I was confirmed.. The food was ok, we ate out most of the time and had pub meals as they were cheaper &amp; much tastier!If you are looking for budget accomodation that is.. better than most of them, stay here... Just watch out as many hotels in London are seriously overpriced..	
May 12 2008 	Great CIty Base	We stayed at this premier Inn for one night (a Saturday) in May. We were in London for the weekend and needed a bed for the night. This hotel, like all the others in the chain fills its promises. We use them because they are reliable in their predictabilty, and we know exactly what to expect. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful, checkin was speedy- our room was ready at 12.00- although officially checkin is at 2.00pm so we were able to dump our bags and get on with our day straightaway. The room was extremely clean as was the bathroom. Yes it was small, but we had no intention of wasting our trip to a very hot and sunny London in in our hotel room, so it made no difference to us.We actually chose the hottest weekend of the year to be in London, so everywhere was packed and extremely hot. We had a brilliant day, saw a great show in the evening and then later really appreciated a short tube ride and just a two minute walk to the hotel. The location of the hotel is great, very handy for the tube, although if we hadn't done as much walking as we had during the day, we could easily have walked there, people do forget how close everything is in London, to actually walk rather than taking a tube is a great way to see the city. We had a great night's sleep, we had no disturbance from road noise at all- complete quiet- we did use the air conditioning unit- on the &quot;quiet&quot; setting and we found it to be very efficient at cooling the room and yes it actually was remarkably quiet., it certainly did not stop us getting to sleep, We did have the breakfast in the hotel the next morning, we decided to have the poached eggs, these were prepared for us while we waited, and were cooked perfectly. The entire breakfast buffet was very well organised and was constantly replemished. As busy as the hotel undoubtedly was on such a scorcher of a weekend, breakfast still felt unhurried and relatively peaceful.All in all this was the perfect place for a city break without breaking the bank. As long as you go knowing what to expect.I think some overseas, especially American guests book thinking they have found a bargain, but not realising that this is actually a budget option, there is no romance or character in any Premier Inn - but you get that in bucket loads in London and for that matter in the entire UK , itself.We couldn't fault this hotel and would happily stay again.	
May 7 2008 	great hotel good location	this hotel is great its just near kingscross train station and the under ground it has a good bar and restarante the i dont have a bad word for this hotel.	
May 5 2008 	Best Value Hotel in Central London	At around £100 this isn't the cheapest budget hotel in London but is is consistently good and in a great location right next to the trains and tubes and in up-n-coming Kings Cross.You always know what you are getting with Premier - good quality, a good night's sleep promise and clean, stylish rooms. The courtyard layout in this complex is a delight and I have had several nice evenings (before a day's business) camped out in the bar whch does reasonable meals.They also appear to have banned smoking now - getting rid of that bizarrre situation in some places where you have smokers' rooms on the same floor!I always try to do breakfast too - they even make you porridge if you ask.Book it...if you can!	
May 4 2008 	Convenient clean and comfortable	I stayed at the King's Cross Premier Inn for one night in early May, and like previous reviewers, found it a good choice. Check-in was efficient, and my second-floor room was quiet and, by London standards, fairly spacious. All the essentials were right: the bed was comfortable, the shower worked well, and everything was spotlessly clean. The TV offered all the Freeview and several radio channels, and there was a good WiFi signal, though I didn't use the WiFi service because of the cost. The windows didn't open so I had to use the airconditioning (which was efficient and not too noisy) - not very environmentally sound, but in London open windows do mean a lot of noise. The location, just by King's Cross mainline station, was very convenient. All in all, a good near-budget hotel for a short stay; my only criticism is that the bedside lights weren't bright enough to read or work by, though the desk lighting was adequate.	
Apr 22 2008 	Good place to stay for trip to Paris	Stayed in this hotel on April 1st, 2008. Arrived at hotel after an 11 hour trip from California. Can reach hotel via the Piccadilly tube line from Heathrow. Once on the line, the trip to Kings Cross takes one hour approximately. Once at Kings Cross and outside, the walk to the hotel is about five minutes or less. the area around the hotel is very busy with people, cars, trucks and construction. Once you enter the hotel lobby however, you do not hear any of the outside congestion. At check-in, the front lobby staff were wonderful. We asked for a quite room and were given a room on the 2nd floor facing the courtyard of the hotel. The room was very small and difficult to to walk around as it was very small compared to American standards. The room was very clean and the bathroom was neat and clean as well. We had breakfast there one day and for the 7.5 pounds we thought it was expensive but worth it.We did not use the in-house WiFi however. If you just want to check your email, walk outside to the mail street and across from the Kings Cross station, you will find the British Post Office. Inside the post office there is a private company that has a row of computers for rent. for about 1.0 pounds, you can check your email for 20 minutes.We would stay here again if we were going to go to Paris or for that matter spend more time in London. If your going to travel by bus or the tube, make sure and buy the &quot;Oyster Card.&quot; you save money and its very easy to use.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great stay great value.	My wife, my two children and I just completed a 9 night stay here and we were very happy with it. I picked it after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and I'm very glad I did.The staff were all very friendly and check in was very prompt. Our room was on the 1st floor, in the interior. It overlooked the small courtyard in the middle of the property. The room was very clean. It was also incredibly quiet, especially for a city hotel. We had what was called a family room. It was two twin beds attached together, and on either side was a mattress for each kid. The kids actually thought that was great, compared to having to share a bed. The beds were clean and comfortable. The kids had no problems sleeping on their mattresses. I was there in April when it was pretty cool, and I had no problems with the heating system. I can't comment on the AC.With four of us in the room with luggage for 10 days, it was a little tight but we didn't have any problems. We primarily used the room just to sleep after long days of sightseeing. The room had a nice flat screen TV with an ok selection of channels.I have read pros and cons regarding the breakfast, and I have mixed feelings. We had it a few days. Since one adult could pay the 7.50 and the kids ate free, it was one of the cheapest choices. Here's my note of caution - I'm American, and what I consider standard for our breakfast buffets wasn't at this one. No pancakes, waffles, french toast sticks or doughnuts. The choices were good, but I guess more traditionally UK. That wasn't so good for the kids.There is a Costa coffee shop just outside the lobby, a MacDonalds, Starbucks and KFC really close by. There are also a number of other restaurants in the area, plus places in the Kings Cross and St. Pancras stations. The neighborhood seems to have a lot of construction going on as it appears to be growing to support the arrival of Eurostar at St. Pancras. My wife and I felt completely safe in the area, and we were out past 11 on some nights. The convenience to the rail and Underground stations (&lt;5 minutes) was excellent and a huge plus.The few quirks:- The lighting (as others mentioned) is a little dim. It wouldn't be great if you were doing a lot of reading or writing.- There is a lack of storage. There was a closet and a series of shelfs, but no drawers. The room had a great long desk, but it seems a waste not to include some drawers with it.- The step into the tub is (as others have mentioned) pretty high. I wouldn't recommend this room for the elderly or anyone who would be challenged with this step.- No alarm clock in the room. You ask at the desk and they give you a small travel version for the duration of the stay.Overall, I was really pleased with the facility. I thought the overall value was hard to beat. This was one of the most affordable hotels I could find that was well rated and within easy access of the London sights. This is not a five-star hotel. If you want amenities, look elsewhere. If you want a clean, comfortable room, with a great location and a reasonable (for London) price, I highly recommend this.	
Apr 12 2008 	Half 	I stayed here twice this month (April 2008) - once on the way from London to Paris and once on the way back.The first time was brilliant. I need internet access and although it was £12 for 24 hours, at least I could get on the net. A nice little TV, nice furniture, good breakfast. Avoid dinner in the restaurant - the dinner was ridiculously overpriced and absolutely disgusting, I ordered fish cakes, which looked and tasted like onion bhajis. Greasy, nasty little things. I had one bite and was almost sick.The second time, I was out in a different room, where most of the TV channels didn't work, the kettle didn't work (it had a failed safety inspection do not use sticker), the toilet door didn't close and the toilet smelled upon arrival. Not pleasant at all. For £125 for one night (BREAKFAST NOT INCLUDED) I wasn't impressed.It's an alright hotel if you just need to stay there for one night and a very convenient location (I was getting the Eurostar to Paris - just a 5 minute walk from the station), but it's definitely not worth £125 a night. And it's an extra £7.50 for breakfast. All I can say is that it's a rip off, but alright if you;re desperate.	
Apr 8 2008 	Cant fault the place	Stayed here for 2 nights over a friday and saturday night and paid £90 a night on their own website. Thought this price was ok for London.I picked this hotel as it was close to Euston Railway station, we walked there with some cases with wheels, about 10 minutes. There is a tube about 50 yards from the front of the hotel(Kings Cross) which we used a lot. The welcome I received from Victoria was outstanding just so friendly and gave the impression that nothing was too much trouble. The family room we had was clean and fairly standard, the beds for kids were mattresses pulled out from the large main bed, the kids said not too uncomfortable.We had breakfast at the hotel which was excellent, the porridge is the best I have ever had and again the staff here are just so helpful. We had to wait 5 minutes for a table on the Sunday morning but this was ok and well organised.They do provide wifi at the hotel but as there was a charge I went to a Mcdonalds about 30 seconds away where they offer free wifi.Check out was quick and they held our bags for us for about 6 hours. Watched the football on Sky at the hotel bar.Overall another great stay at a Premier Inn, recommended.	
Apr 4 2008 	the best for london	The best place to stay in London!! Perfect for families and perfect to get to the tube considering The main tube station is only 2 blocks away!! The breakfast is fabulous and keeps you full for hours and added plus considering the american dollor is so weak!	
Mar 31 2008 	clean and tidy	Stayed just one night. Room clean. Staff were very efficient and very courteous. Room we were given (room 8) was near the staff rooms so we had a door that shut every few minutes and was very noisy! Got very little sleep because of it. Very central for all attractions though and 5 mins from Euston.	
Mar 30 2008 	Top Shelf Premier Inn	I have stayed at 3 Premier Inns and found them all to be great values, but this facility was the best of the three. The location near King's Cross provides easy access to trains &amp; tubes. There are many eateries in the area and a Marks &amp; Spencer in the St Pancras station.My room faced the interior building court and was very quite. As with most Premier Inns, the room was large clean, and fresh. Why would you stay anywhere else when visiting London or other UK cities?	
Mar 29 2008 	Wonderful London Bargain Hotel	Our family of four (girls 6 and 11) spent three nights here over spring vacation. This is a very pleasant hotel that's great for families. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They even found a dentist for us on Saturday, when our young daughter suffered a minor emergency.The rooms are very small (think cruise ship cabin) but very clean and comfortable. The beds have duvet style covers, so that all bedding your body touches has been laundered. No dirty bedspreads!The resturant was pretty good and the prices were reasonable, even by american standards. King's Cross isn't the best area but it's a short tube ride anywhere in London and a short walk to the British Museum. For a family, this is an outstanding place to stay.	
Mar 27 2008 	Above average	Easy to find from tube station, reception staff very friendly + helpful. Rooms bright, very clean and comfortable. Good breakfast. Could not complain about anything.	
Mar 27 2008 	Functional but prices have risen	I have stayed here three times.This place is fine - Last time I stayed 4 nights and had no major problems. It is well located - 2 mins from King's Cross/St. Pancras.The beds are nice and the hotel is very clean. Food is not bad in the hotel and there are a few nice places to eat within a 20 minute walk. Staff are very friendly.However the prices have risen recently and I don't feel it belongs in the budget category anymore.	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent stay - highly recommended	We stayed at the Premier Inn Kings Cross for one night at the beginning of March 2008 and can't recommend it highly enough. For a family of four with a 18 month old baby spending the weekend in London, the hotel was perfect.Arriving on Saturday morning at St Pancras International, the hotel was a five minute walk away and although we couldn't get into the room until after 2pm, the helpful staff took our cases and locked them away while we were left to explore London.We returned to the hotel at around 7pm and checked in speedily. Our room, on the first floor, was spacious and clean. The travel cot we had requested was set up with plenty of bedding. Despite there being a huge double bed and pull out single bed, the room didn't feel cramped and there was plenty of room to store our bags and pushchair.The on-suite bathroom was spotlessly clean with enough towels for all of us. We were surprised at the full size bath with shower which was very powerful!The first-floor room we stayed in was at the front of the hotel an although we could hear some traffic noise in the night, it didn't interrupt our sleep.The hotel's facilities are excellent with a restaurant, public house and Costa coffee off the lobby. Although we didn't eat in the restaurant, the menu looked very inviting.Breakfast was fantastic - buffet style with a large selection of cereals, fruit, pastries and a full English cooked option. Our two children were well catered for and certainly didn't go hungry. The breakfast was excellent value - particularly as the children ate for free. The staff were very friendly and helpful and really did ensure we were well looked after.On the morning we checked out, we could leave our bags securely in the hotel, returning in the afternoon to collect them before we caught our train.If you're travelling to London for the weekend with a family, I really recommend the Premier Inn Kings Cross. The location is excellent, staff courteous and helpful and breakfast fantastic. We would certainly stay again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Clean hotel at good rate for London	This hotel was very clean. We had two rooms. The rooms are large and the bathrooms are also good size. It was located near the St. Pancras station which also is the station where Chunnel trains from Paris arrive. The price of the room was very good. Other hotels in London were much more expensive.	
Mar 16 2008 	Excellent Value for London	I stayed at the PTI King's Cross for two nights after reading the recommendations on this site. The rate was about £100 per night plus £7.5 breakfast. It sounds expensive, but this is London for you.My friend and I arrived fairly early, before the recommended check-in time, but the very helpful lady at reception found us roooms anyway. Following advice from other travellers on this site, I asked for quiet rooms, facing away from the train station, so she gave us rooms facing the internal courtyard. The rooms are very nice, clean, new, all decorated in purple tones (my favourite colour!). Not too small for London standard, perfectly ok for 1 or 2 guests anyway. I had a TV, hairdryer, air-con/heating unit (a bit noisy though), kettle with cups, tea/coffee/biscuits and a telephone that allows you to make outside phone calls with a credit card number. Ironing boards are available in a facilities room on each floor that you can access with your room card.I have stayed in many hotels but was the quietest room I've had in a long time. I didn't hear any doors slamming or any noise from adjacent rooms. The bed was very very comfortable too. The hotel is brand new and the lobby looks great, it's like an internal courtyard with seating, a restaurant/bar with a mini-Costa Caffe' corner. A proper branch of Costa is accessible just outside the front door. Reception is open 24 hrs but after a certain time you need to swipe your room card to get in the main doors, or buzz reception. This makes the place feel very safe, and even each individual floor corridor is only accessible with your room card.Breakfast was very good value, with an unlimited buffet offering continental and cooked choices, and Costa coffee on tap. Service was superb, much, much better than many 4 stars hotels I've stayed before. For a middle-level chain like Premier Inn, this hotel really is an example of things should be done. Other London hotels should really take note and learn.I will definitely stay there again next time I need to be in London overnight.	
Mar 16 2008 	Very Good - Exceeds Expectations	I stayed here for one short night on route back north from Heathrow - I missed the last train. The location is perfect for Kings Cross and St Pancras Stations, only a few yards away. I have stayed in Premier Inns in many places in the UK, including the one down the road at Euston. They have steadily raised their game, and the Kings Cross Hotel is a prime example of how this chain have improved the quality of their hotels and service levels.The facilities are excellent, and the staff were all warm and friendly including the night staff who checked me in at midnight. The room was spacious and quiet (I was a bit worried as I was near the lift lobby - but I never heard a thing). The bed was huge and extremely comfortable.I had breakfast (all you can eat - £7.50) which also exceeded my expectations. The buffet was well stocked and all food was of good quality (including the sausages which were excellent - far better than the usual cheap sausages usually provided on buffet breakfasts).Just one gripe - at £125/night this really isn't a budget hotel, but all in all it is highly recommended. Well done Premier Inn, and look out Travelodge!	
Mar 12 2008 	Good location nice hotel	This hotel has a lot going for it. Decent price for London, great location near the Kings Cross/St. Pancras station, nice staff, comfy (but small) room, good restaurants attached. Don't go there looking for a glamorous neighborhood - it is definitely all about proximity to the station. But once inside the hotel, everything was calm and peaceful - very nice.	
Mar 6 2008 	Brilliant - great location	We stayed here for one night in February. I'd only been to London once as a child so I had no idea where to stay and where everything was located. I am so glad I chose the Premier Travel Inn - Kings Cross as it was the prefect location - 2 mins walk from the staion and tube so we easily got to see the city.The room was lovely and clean - bed was comfortable and even though we were on the main road the traffic outside wasn't bad at all. I never heard a noise from any other residents. Bathroom was clean and spacious - towels clean. We had plenty of wardrobe space - only stayed one night though. We had breakfast here too - all you can eat for about £7.50 and it was lovely. The staff were very friendly and polite. We ask to leave our bags there while we went sightseeing on the day we checked out and this wasn't a problem. I also noticed that they had little lockers where you could charge your phones etc which I thought was a wonderful idea.All in all I would stay here again and I am thinking of doing so in the near future.	
Mar 4 2008 	Location Location Location!!	What can I say! Stayed here 20th - 24th Feb for a long weekend break with my significant other and daughter (aged 4).100 yards away from Kings Cross and tube just over the road, this was an superbly located hotel for seeing all the sights!Ate in the resteraunt every night and the staff couldn't have been more polite and were so attentive to the bairn it was difficult to get her back upstairs!! Food was excellent - bit pricy though but it is London after all.Checked in and fron desk allocated us a top floor quiet room, which we requested. The receptionist even let us chose which room we wanted on a floor plan!!Room was spotless, beds were comfy, tea and coffee making facilities, large bathroom. Room was cleaned and towels changed daily.Walls are 3 foot thick so you don't hear other travellers coming and going - a good nights sleep had by all!Would definately stay here again!! 10/10 Premier by name Premier by nature! Never saw Lenny Henry though!!!:)	
Feb 29 2008 	The flagship Premier Inn	This is the best Premier Inn you'll ever come across. Its brand new, so everything is fresh, modern, and stylish. For a Premier Inn, its pricey, but for London, its not bad at all.Location is good and bad. Kings Cross isn't the most fantastic area, but it is undergoing redevelopment so it will get better and better over time.If you're after Kings Cross or St Pancras railway station, this is your place, its right next door. If you're after the sights of London, the Kings Cross St Pancras Underground (tube) station is also right next door, which will almost take you anywhere in London with 7 intersecting lines.This would be a great choice if visiting London, you'll be getting a very nice modern hotel with links to anywhere in London, for an affordable price.	
Feb 21 2008 	Great Location	I stayed in this hotel for a week in October. I think the location is great because it's literally a minute away from Kings Cross station, which can pretty much get you to anywhere in London. Also, the Kings Cross Thameslink station in just a few minutes away and you can go to many places from there(like Brighton).As far as the hotel, it was pretty good. I shared a double room with my friend. It was a bit small, but nice. The bathroom was a good enough size. Cleanliness was good overall, and all the staff seemed nice and friendly. My room was on the 2nd floor and the window in the room was facing other rooms. So there was nothing great to look at...but that didn't bother me. I liked how you have to have your room key in order to get to where all the rooms are. Kings Cross can be a bit of a crazy area sometimes...so that was good.As far as the area itself... it's not That bad and I never felt unsafe. It's a busy area and there are always alot of commuters around. Like I mentioned earlier it's a good location to get around with all the trains and buses. There's is a Tesco(grocery store) right around the corner, there are fast food places, a drug store/chemist(Boots) at the station, and there are a couple restaurants(Indian, Italian and Chinese, etc) in the area too. I would definiately stay there again.	
Feb 21 2008	Great value excellent location for Kings Cross/St Pancras stations	Excellent location for Kings Cross station, less than 2 minutes walk, really easy to find coming out of station onto York Road. Reception staff were very helpful - we arrived earlier than the 2pm check in time but were able to check in straightaway and were given our room keys to deposit our bags. Hotel also had a baggage storage facility and were happy to look after our bags after checking out on the final day. Room and bathroom were clean and very quiet. Great value for a hotel in London.	
Feb 17 2008	Does what it says on the tin	Polite &amp; efficient reservations staff, clean room, comfortable bed, good breakfast. Could not fault.	
Feb 15 2008 	A lovely stay!	We decided to stay in this hotel for Valentines as it seemed to be the most convenient - just a few minutes away from St Pancras Station. However, when we got there, it turned out to be a lovely hotel! The room was spacious and had everything we needed and more.The staff were friendly whilst checking in/out, and have been helpful after as they are posting something back which was left in the room!Overall this was a great stay, in a great location - had no issues at all!	
Feb 7 2008 	Stay here you won't regret it	After reading reviews of several hotels, shopping on several web sites, we chose to stay at this location. We had previously stayed at other Premier Inns (or TravelInns as they used to be called) including County Hall. While County Hall is a great location for tourists it was not close to my work in the City. Kings Cross is 1 block away from the station and well positioned for the train to Paris now that it departs from St. Pancras next door. While in a busy area, it is amazingly quiet. One nice thing is that Kings Cross is on the Piccadilly line so if you are coming in from Heathrow by Tube you don't have to change en route. Just stay on the tube and an hour later you are there. There are other lines that run thru Kings Cross like Northern Line and Circle Line so it is very easy to get to most of London from one location with a minimum of changes.We arrived late on our first night and do to some confusion had to wait while staff converted a twin to a double room for us. After about 10 minutes we were shown to our room AND given a free breakfast the next day for 2 for our inconvenience. The breakfasts at Premier Inns are all you can eat buffet with hot and cold items for 7.50 GBP. This worked out to be good value for us as we could fill up on breakfast and skip lunch or just grab a small snack to tide us over till dinner. All the items in the buffet were fresh, well stocked and there is a very broad selection.Many have commented on the wireless available to purchase. I only read about this after purchasing the wireless as I needed to work in the evenings. After an hour of extreme frustration with the speed (SLOW) I gave up and sent an email for a refund. However, I then tried using my corporate VPN to see if that even worked. For some reason I can't explain, when using my VPN the wireless was great! I sent a follow on email explaining I did not need a refund. Did not receive any reply to either email so not sure what would have happened had I not had a VPN to use. That being said, the wireless is not cheap. I paid 24.00 GBP for 1 week. This seems high but since I could expense it and work from the room it was worth it.The rooms are well sized for 2 and ours had the &quot;double&quot; bed, small desk with desk chair, small TV and a fully fitted bathroom. They are in the process of upgrading the rooms and ours received a new bathroom floor during the day when we were out. Not sure why because everything looked very smart when we checked in.All in all, for the price, consistency, level of customer service, and excellent location we would highly recommend and will stay here again.	
Feb 5 2008 	Excellent value	Stayed at this hotel 2nd Feb for 1 night after returning from a trip to Bruges we had travelled on the Euro Star so the hotel was very well postioned for us. We didn't know what to expect but had checked 1st with Trip Advisor so hoped it wouldn't let us down (it didn't ) Check in brill the young man was very helpful and friendly. The room was really clean and had everything we needed the bed was huge and very comfortable. Had a meal at the hotel and it was really good. We couldn't have asked for more, we would definetley use this hotel again	
Jan 29 2008 	Excellent value - great hotel	This hotel definitely lives up to its reputation in previous reviews (which was why I booked it).First of all, their price is absolutely fabulous, considering what you get for it AND especially compared with other central London hotels.It is right in the centre of town and extremely well accessible(literally across the street from King's Cross/St Pancras train and tube station), but nonetheless very quiet.The room was sparkling clean, with not a fleck of dust to be seen and the bathroom was shrubbed and looked very clean and hygienic. The size of both the room and the bathroom is ample (while in London I visited somebody else staying in a large luxury hotel who paid much, much more and his room was actually smaller!).The staff was friendly, courteous and helpful all the time (although admittedly I did not have any special requests/complaints).I did not take their breakfast option (you have to pay extra), and I did not peruse their in-house restaurant/bar, which was actually quite lively in the evening, with obvious non-residents joining in the fun. It wasn't rowdy or anything, just quite lively.I did enjoy the fact that they have a coffee bar on the premises and made use of their offer at least - lots of other bars and restaurants in the area, by the way, King's Cross has improved a lot recently!Anyway, this hotel is definitely a two-thumbs-up-recommendation!	
Jan 21 2008 	Great hotel- perfect next to King's Cross/ St. Pancras	The reviews that I read about this hotel are very accurate. It is a nice place, which is probably the MOST convenient hotel to the King's Cross station. Other hotels nearby are in much less safer-appearing areas, as about 2 blocks from this hotel the neighborhood gets dicey (or dodgy if you're British). However this hotel is on a well lighted street and I never felt uncomfortable. My room was very quiet. The only comment that I have is that there is no room service, but there is a restaurant in the bottom of the hotel. You can go down and order and then they will call you in your room to come and pick up. The food is outstanding. I had a Caesar salad with chicken that was really delicious. I was there on a Fri. night so the bar scene was really hopping. However, it was comfortable to be there to order and pick up food. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 11 2008 	Very Comfortable and great Value	This hotel is great value and was very comfortable. Check in was quick and easy. The room was large and very comfortable. The whole pplace was spotless. It's definitely above average for a budget hotel.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great find	I stayed here with a friend for 2 nights in early December. I was very impressed with the hotel. The staff were very friendly and efficient. Our room was overlooking the courtyard so very quiet. The breakfast was good and I would have no hesitation about recomending this hotel for a London break. Excellent value, excellent location.	
Jan 6 2008 	Jolly Good!!!	What a fantastic hotel!!! - My husband and two children aged 11 &amp; 9 stayed here on our recent stay in London. We had caught the train from Paris to the nearby St Pancras Internation Station. The hotel is perfectly located and only a couple of minutes walk- much to the delight of our children carrying their luggage!! The room was very comfortable and quiet. The staff very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was a real bonus as children eat for free with their parents. The selection and quality of food offered should be commended and was definitely one of the best we came across during our 5 weeks abroad. The hotel is also perfect for travellers departing/ arriving from London's Heathrow airport- travel on the Piccadilly line - with a short walk to the station and a fare of only 4 pound per person (kids travel free) it is absolutely perfect. We will definitely return and have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending this great hotel.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very nice surprise	This was my first trip to London for some years and I was not looking forward to it. My opinion quickly changed when arriving at this relatively new hotel though. Friendly and efficient check in and I was pleased my request for a quiet upper floor room was no trouble to them at all. The hotel atrium was busy but not crowded, with a nice buzz from the easily acessible bar and coffee shop. Majority seemed to be business types, but certainly families were evident and appeared very comfortable. My room was standard but very clean and I was pleased to find an iron and board in situ and that the TV was working. Bathroom was compact but immaculate, as was the room after housekeeping each day. I used the bar for just a pre-dinner drink in the early evening and found a quite good selection of wines and beers; the draft lagers I sampled were fresh and well kept, with prompt and polite service. The restaurant was popular and I was met at the entrance each evening with a smile and a few friendly words, which are always welcome to a solo traveller. Table service was very friendly and efficient. Menu was limited but very well priced for London - options of two courses for around ten pounds or a more ambitious three courses which could come in under fifteen pounds. Simple choices - soup to start, sausage and mash, fish and fries etc were reasonable sized portions, freshly cooked and nicely presented but you are chosing from a budget menu, so don't expect high value ingredients. Still, most pleasant. Breakfasts were again from a standard buffet, with a good selection of fresh fruit, cereals, bacon and eggs etc. Everything carefully cooked and well presented, if once again, ingredients chosen to a careful budget, but nonetheless at £7.50 again very good value for the capital. I slept well and was pleased to see high levels of security inside the hotel, with keycard access to floors as well as individual rooms. My only frustration was a lack of ventilation. The room was well heated, but being from the north, I prefer a cooler room for sleeping. Checkout was prompt and efficient. One note - if you need a cab, the hotel is on a one way street and just beyond the station entrance, so commuters get first call on passing taxis - you may find you have a wait at busy times.Otherwise - a very nice surprise; good value and I am returning shortly.	
Dec 7 2007 	Ideal for early Eurostar departure	This Premier Inn is ideal if you've an early Eurostar departure, it's less than ten minutes walk away.The hotel is excellent value for money; clean and tidy and as quiet as any central London hotel can be.Would I stay there again - definitely!!	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent hotel in a good location	For value for money and location this hotel really has to come tops - it's modern, stylish and an all round brilliant base for a trip to London. The bathroom wasn't perfect, but it certainly wasn't anything worth making a fuss over. The room itself was great - the window looked out into the central undercover courtyard but there was no noise at all. When we aksed for an iron we were directed to a little cupboard a couple of doors from our room where there was a store of irons and boards that you could just take to your room and then return to the cupboard - really convenient and it was nice to have a proper ironing board to use. We had dinner in the restaurant the night we arrived because it was late and it was really pretty good, not amazing but certainly good enough. Breakfast was good too, plenty of choice. Check in and check out was easy and friendly. Perfect for the British Library which is just a couple of minutes walk away and of course Kings Cross Station. I am tempted to stay here every time I go to London now because I think I'd be hard pushed to find anywhere comparable for that price range.	
Dec 6 2007 	Recommended	Me and my partner spent 2 nights here in early December - selected this on the basis of (a) proximity to St.Pancras (our train's arrival point)(b) links to all major underground lines(c) good reviews (on this site) and reasonable pricesWe weren't disappointed - sure, it's not the most attractive or prestigious hotel, but then again, it's £90 a night for a double room. Try and find somwhere of a similar quality in London for this price.We had the breakfast there, largely due to our laziness - reasonable food quality, but not brilliant value (£7.50 each) unless you're going to literally try to eat all you can.Staff were pleasant and polite, and all in all, I'd recommend this to anyone wanting a decent, basic, short stay hotel room in central London	
Dec 2 2007 	Good value convenient locatiion	I've stayed at this hotel several times while working in London. Location is very good for King's Cross and St Pancras, staff are helpful and the place is good value for London. Rooms are generally good, beds could be a bit more comfortable, but try and get something on the outside of the hotel as the inward facing rooms tend to be smaller and very warm in summer and on one occasion I had one where the floor mounted aircon unit made the carpet damp. Hotel has attached coffee shop, pub and restaurant. Restaurant is good value for London and food OK. Breakfast buffet is good value. Prices have gone up since the opening of the St Pancras Eurostar terminal. In some rooms it can be difficult to get a mobile signal.	
Nov 28 2007	Great Reasonable Hotel	I stayed at this hotel over Thanksgiving weekend 2007, on an extended weekend break. I've stayed at a PTI before, and was as pleased with this one as I was with that one. In fact, I'd recommend the PTIs generally, for any traveller who seeks a hotel for short stays, more than no-frills but nothing fancy.My room was small, but there was still room for two of us to co-exist comfortably. The bed (king-size, as I think they all are) was very comfortable, and the in-room heater was adjustable. Our room was an interior one, facing the courtyard, and I'd heard that these tend to get hot, but in the London winter with an adjustable heater and a window that opened, I didn't find it hot at all. Quite pleasant, in fact. The hotel was also quiet inside and out -- no interior noise, and no noise from the exterior (although I was briefly in one of the rooms that faced out onto the street, and I could hear traffic noise). In addition, the hotel has a &quot;good night guarantee&quot;; if something goes wrong or you are dissatisfied during your stay, they refund one night's worth of your bill. We had some difficulty with our heater and ended up taking advantage of this guarantee, so I can say that no hassle or tricks are involved.My one complaint would have to be the breakfast room. The restaurant staff generally seemed to be a little less practiced than the reception staff -- who were fantastic -- so we ended up waiting for a while before we were seated for breakfast. I believe someone else has commented on the badness of the coffee here, and my companion certainly found his quite horrible. The toaster also made very raw toast, and the vegetarian sausages we ordered arrived cold. That being said, when we went to the restaurant for dinner the food was excellent and the service was very prompt. So perhaps it's merely the breakfast that's the problem.All in all, I would recommend this hotel very strongly. I was very happy there, and I'll certainly return if I get a chance.	
Nov 25 2007	Great Value - Quiet Hotel	With the value of the US dollar at all time low, finding an affordable and comfortable place to stay in central London can be difficult. The Premier Inn in Kings Cross meets both of these criteria. My room, though smaller than the other Premier Inns I've stayed in, was very comfortable. One plus that I've found in other Premier Inn properties - the rooms let in very little street or hall noise - it's great - you close the door and you leave the madness of London's street scene far behind. The hotel is located on a side street right by Kings X station and a short walk from the recently re-opened St. Pancras Station where the Eurostar is now operating. It'd be a great location to stay in if you're planning a few days in London before heading to Paris... One weakness, the expensive breakfast didn't seem to offer that much in the way of variety. I opted for the cold continental breakfast - and noticed that both my choice and the hot buffet lacked anything very interesting. There's a Costa and Starbucks nearby as well as many nice restaurants within a five minute walk. Also, there's a Tesco Express in the same business block . Would come back here without any hesitation...	
Nov 25 2007 	Nothing bad To Say!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 night weekend break. As all the other review state, the hotel is in an excellent location - 2 min walk from Kings Cross tube and the area is just fine! The hotel is clean (if may be a little hot!) and the staff and really friendly and helpful.Our room overlooked the reception area on the 4th floor and was immaculate - bed was extremely comfy! We paid the extra for breakfast and it was worth it!! The resturant staff are efficient and helpful and the breakfast choice was fab &amp; fresh - better than the Hilton, De Vere, Marriotts etc. Yum. We took our car, and it is near on impossible to avoid the congestion charge - parking is issue... the NCP car park is very expensive and located quite a distance from the hotel (too far to carry bags etc and there is not really a stopping area outside the hotel) I also wouldnt be too keen to leave my car there overnight... however there are some single yellow lines directly outside the hotel (about 4/5 spaces) and you can park here after 6pm on weekdays until 8am saturdays and then again after 1pm Saturday through till Monday morning! FREE! Which worked perfect for us. I would recommend this hotel!	
Nov 4 2007 	It's a winner	As other posters say, this is a great location. Tube station with 4 lines just nearby and a mainline rail station. In an up and coming neighbourhood - St Pancras High Speed railstation opening soon has prompted lots of rengeneration in a gritty area.Room was clean and well laid out, quiet and a very comfy bed. Staff were good also.Great value for a great location.	
Nov 4 2007 	No Stress.	My friend and I just spent 3 days at the hotel.Being just a very short walk away from Kings Cross Station it took all the stress of having to lift cases off and on tubes to get to a good hotel, and also gave us much more time to spend in London.We arrived, they stored our cases, we left and they did the same. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and we have never seen a breakfast table cleared so quickly in between courses.The food was very good and choice exceptional. Porridge on request at sitting down within 2 minutes.Beds were comfy and room absolutely spotless.Only one thing which was &quot;off putting&quot; shall I say. The room was an inner (the hotel is built on a square design with the Reception in the centre) was the heat which built up the room, even with the air-conditioning unit. It had a window but it was locked and we had to ask for it to be opened, they did with no problem and room fine after that. Tip for travellers who wish to stay - ask for an outside room perhaps!The hotel has its own pub and a Costa Coffee attached together with a restaurant at very reasonable prices. They even texted early on the morning we were to arrive to ask if I wished to book a table for dinner that night or if I required directions. Kings Cross used to be a dodgy area, but with the arrival in 2 weeks of the Eurostar to St Pancras, they are really pulling out all the stops to make the area up and coming. No worries at all.We shall certainly be returning to this hotel.	
Nov 3 2007	Perfect base	Lovely hotel. Stayed there for weekend with my husband and daughter. All that we needed was there. Very clean. The perfect base for site seeing. used resturaunt, good friendly staff throughout hotel. No faults at all. Would highly recommend this travel inn . Have stayed at another since which I wasn't so pleased with at Euston London. Will definitely return here when next in London.	
Oct 28 2007 	Nice hotel - Great location!	The Premier Inn Kings Cross did have a great location - Only 500 metres from Kings Cross Underground Station. The hotel itself were also very good. Good breakfast and good restaurant!The A/C worked perfectly and the room was big + the beds were comfy. Toilet was great too. Despite the hotel lying so central in London, there weren't much noise from the traffic.	
Oct 10 2007	Convenient location	Stayed two nights at the Premier Travel Inn (now Premier Inn) at King's Cross in early September. The neighborhood is &quot;gritty&quot; for lack of a better word but it was good to be so close to the King's Cross/St. Pancras stations.The hotel lobby was a pleasant surprise, very nice and airy.We had a reasonably sized double room on the first floor (there are elevators). Fairly quiet though we did hear a little noise from a nearby pub on Saturday night.There was some strange odor in the room, I never figured out what was causing it. I'm not sure that the fan/AC unit was working correctly but that wasn't a problem as the temperature was in the 60's (high teens-low 20's Celsius).Bathroom was clean. The bathtub is high so you have to be careful stepping in and out.There is a Tesco Metro nearby (turn left from the main hotel entrance, then turn left at the next block onto Caledonia St) as well as the previously mentioned Pret a Manger, McDonald's and Subway. There is a Boots chemist at the King's Cross station. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant because it was more expensive.The hotel price is a good value especially considering the exchange rate. We would consider staying there again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Decent enough that we came back	My fiancee and I booked the King's Cross Premier as the first stop on our European honeymoon. After flying in to Gatwick, it took about 45 minutes to get to King's Cross. The hotel is less than a minute from the Underground and a minute and a half from the Thameslink. The hotel itself is nothing special. Decent size rooms, comfortable beds, pleasant staff and, in comparison to other hotels in London, relatively inexpensive. The shower is a decent size, large for European standards. I have a hard time describing the neighbourhood around the hotel. There is a bar/club at the corner and being so close to the Underground and train station, some questionable locals but at no point did my fiancee or I feel scared. We walked down towards Euston and found that neighbourhood to be even more questionable. Around the hotel are a McDonald's, Starbucks and Subway. Not much to see around the hotel but being so close to the underground, there doesn't need to be.The hotel is not a 5 star venue but a decent place to stay while seeing London. We were happy enough, that we returned for a few more days at the end of our honeymoon before returning home.	
Sep 16 2007	An all go short break	I have just returned from a long weekend in London and it was brilliant! My friend and I stayed at the Premier Lodge in Kings Cross which was lovely and comfy, clean and very affordable. The location is just 3 minutes from kings Cross station so very accessible for trains, buses and the underground. We went to see a couple of shows while we were there - on the Friday we went to see &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; and on the Saturday we went to see &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; both were Fantastic! We did some sight seeing of London and there is so much to see you'll be spoilt for choice. We found a little pub just off Leicester Square called &quot;The Crooked Surgeon&quot; which we classed as our local and where the atmosphere was great and the staff although they were mainly all foreign were very friendly!	
Sep 2 2007 	Shame about the smell	The breakfast was good, the shower was excellent and the bed was comfy. But we had to put up with the smell of nicotine from what was supposed to be a N/S room. The first one we tried was bad but on asking for another room, the second one was even worse. We were so tired after 2 days travelling that we could not be bothered to move again, so opened the window and hoped for the best. Luckily we were there for one night only. We would not go there again, although as i said, lots of other things were good.	
Aug 29 2007 	did I stay in the same place as the rest of you?	My 13 year old daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights in August. We had a twin room on the 1st floor. Unfortunately i did not realize until we entered the room that some of their rooms are interior rooms (there is a window that does not open which looks out into the interior hotel lobby). I was very tired by the time we got into our room (about 4om that afternoon) after a long flight, and even though I had asked for early check in (we arrived at 1pm at the hotel) they said they had no rooms available. So decided to just make do.The problem with an interior room is quite frankly the air conditioing is non existent, and extremely noisey to boot. Constant on and off running at a very noisey level. It was cool in London, but the interior room was very hot at all times. With a window that could have been opened it would have been fine with no air, But we had no window to the outside.Shower was good although bathtub was a little difficult to get in and out of due to height. But bathroom door had to be kept closed or steam could set off fire alarms!! Made for a very hot steamy room, with no fan.Soap was in the form of wall dispensers.Room very very small. I had expected small room (I have been to London many times) but be aware we could not put our luggage lying down on the floor (not enough space between wall and beds) and even standing upright, with the luggage on the floor you could only just squeeze by.Area- very handy to underground, various buses, and come Nov/07 when the Eurostar moves to St. Pancreas (just next door to Kings Cross), location will be amaazing. Area itself a little seedy still, but there is a Starbucks, McD's. KFC, Pret a manger, and nice italian restaurant just across the road.Hotel restaurant- had the breakfast once- expensive but if you have a child under 15 with you they eat free, so not bad. Big buffet style breakfast with some hot food and fair range of cold choices. You can do better but if you want this kind of breakfast and you have children with you it is not a bad deal.We ate dinner twice in their restuarnt as my daughter liked their pasta, and it was a great deal (I think 3 pounds and I believe that included a dessert). Adult meals run around 8 to 12 pounds but that would be with a coupld of courses. Food Ok (not great but good enough). Service of the meal was fast but always slow getting bill.I would stay here again given the cheap price (Ithink it was 89 pounds/night) and location, BUT GET AN EXTERIOR ROOM.	
Aug 28 2007 	great stay at premier travel inn	myself,my husband and our two boys aged 8 and 13 stayed at the premier travel inn kings cross last week for 2 nights. we travel from belfast international airport to stansted then on by train to tottenham hale to the tube which took us straight to kings cross.the hotel is immediately round the corner from the tube station so it could not have been more conveniently situated . when we arrived at the hotel we were immediately impressed by the light and airy feel of the place.the reception staff were fantastic,they made us feel very welcome and were extremely helpful and courteous.they were lovely with the children and they were given sweets and a kids activity pack,so they were well pleased by that!our room was very nice,it was a good size for the 4 of us. a massive bed for the adults and 2 smaller beds for the kids although we could all have been comfortable in the 1 big bed!the bathroom was a good size too,with everything you could need.we think probably the best thing about the hotel might be the breakfasts although everything was great so its hard to decide!breakfast was great value at £7.50 per adult with kids eating free and what a breakfast it was! there was every breakfast item under the sun and then some and all delicious and very well presented.eat as much as you like and we did!when we were leaving to come home again we had a very positive experience. our luggage was kept for us in a locked room so we could enjoy our last day in london.the only very slight criticism would be that on our last day we got a bit wet with the heavy rain that day and we could have done with somewhere to open our cases and change into some dry clothes.the staff of couse tried to help by giving us a key for the toilet but there was no room to open the cases to look for clothes.so all in all we had a great experience staying at this hotel and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 28 2007 	Clean spacious and comfortable - but skip breakfast	My family (self, wife and two children) stayed in London for three nights as part of a longer tour of Europe. We selected the Premier Travel Inn - King's Cross St. Pancras largely based on the price and the great reviews from TripAdvisor and other sites. Being from the US, I was not familiar with the Premier Travel Inn chain, but the hotel was as advertised - clean and comfortable, with no frills. The front desk staff was exceptional, and the location was very convenient if not fashionable (right across from King's Cross station). No safety concerns about the location, though - even though we came back to the hotel fairly late each night, we never felt unsafe. The only negative was the breakfast - green eggs, undercooked sausages, and a lousy variety of other items - not a bargain for the 15 pounds they charged each adult (kids ate free). Find breakfast somewhere else - but if you're traveling with a family and don't plan on spending a lot of time in the hotel (and why would you spend time in the hotel if you're in London?), I'd recommend staying at the Premier Travel Inn King's Cross.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great place to stay	Stayed for 2 nights with my wife, two boys and in-laws. Hotel was clean with very friendly staff and a great location for easy access to London. Also had a free room for holding our luggage for us to pick up later on our last day. The kids stayed free and we purchased the breakfast for £7.50 each per day which is a bit pricey but the boys ate free, and the food and selection was great. We asked for an extra pillow which was given to us with no problems. We had a quite nights sleep in room 205. The only thing that I could pick up on was some rust on the shower rail. The bar was reasonably priced with Boddingtons at £2.71 a pint. I will definetly use this hotel again if I go back to London.	
Aug 26 2007 	Pleasant an stylish	Stayed in this hotel as part of a large family group including three small children, parents and grandparents. Was pleasantly surprised by the spacious and clean rooms which were of a very good standard.The hotel is located next door to the King's Cross station which means it's very convenient for getting around London, but there is not much to see or do in the immediate surroundings.As a result of the lack of restaurants within walking distance we had several meals at the hotel, both in the restaurant and in the pub. Both were very nice, great quality food and service and good value for money!Overall this is a very good place to stay for anyone travelling to London, excellent value for money!	
Aug 22 2007 	Excellent value for money great location (particularly for rail travellers)	Having stayed in other Travel Inns across the Country and reading some excellent reviews on this site we decided to go for this hotel. What a excellent decision!!! Imagine our joy when we walked out of Kings Cross Rail Station, laiden with our luggage to find that the hotel was literally 2/3 minutes walk up the road. No awkward tackling of turnstiles on the tube or paying ridiculous taxi fares to our hotel. Quick walk and we were there! Even more pleased to find that the staff on Reception were very friendly, allowed us to book in early (1pm) and even gave us a double bedroom despite the fact that the operator we booked through had in fact reserved a twin room for my husband and I.Hotel was spotless. Room very new and clean, fresh towels every day and refills of tea/coffee every day. Location was excellent for travelling around London. Tube station on the doorstep with easy access to most main lines. Theatreland and main shopping areas only a couple of stops on the tube. Note: One journey is £4 so it's best to purchase a day pass which works out at only £5.10 if you remain within Zone 1 and 2 and intend travelling after 9.30 a.m. on weekdays and all day Saturday/Sunday. This ticket also allows you to travel on the buses which is an excellent advantage if, like us, you leave a packed venue like 'Lords Cricket Ground' and have the option of queing with the thousands just to get into the closest tube station or hopping on a bus and missing the crowds. In our case we only stayed on the bus for a couple of minutes, alighted at the next tube station and took a different line back to our Hotel. That's another added bonus of this hotel, there are a number of different lines running through Kings Cross, so if you know one of them's busy you can take another line. We didn't bother with breakfast but we did hear that if you're the 'full breakfast' type of person it was very good value for money. Instead we choose to pick up fruit from the 'Tesco Express' which is located at the end of the street . Leave the side door via the bar area, turn left, walk about 100 metres and you'll be there. Great for picking up a bottle of wine too, if you decide not to use the hotel bar!! We, however, did choose to use the bar on all 3 nights of our stay as the prices were quite reasonable, for London anyway. Food was average but in fairness you don't expect Michelin star in a Travel Inn. You get what you pay for! If you do want to eat on a budget or have children staying with you there is a McDonalds and a KFC literally within 2/3 minutes walk from the Hotel.This hotel also offers a 'leave luggage service' after checkout which is great news for anyone who wants to make the most of their stay in the capital and is returning home via rail. All in all it was an excellent stay, so much so that I've just booked to go back for another weekend in November.	
Aug 21 2007 	Loved the Premier Inn!	Went down from Leeds on the train, and Kings Cross Premier Inn was just around the corner from the station, very easy to find.Check in was very quick and we were given room 112 on the 1st floor. The room was lovely, very modern and has the worlds most comfortable beds!The shower was great as was the bathroom in general.The breakfast was amazing! £7.50 each for all you can eat buffet, plenty of choice from fresh fruit salad to a full cooked english breakfast.Enjoyed the stay at Premier Inn so much have booked for NYE.	
Aug 19 2007 	Excellent Hotel for Families - close to the tube and food	Stayed here two nights at the end of June with hubby and two children, 12 and 14. So easy to get to from the Kings Cross Station and the area was just fine for walking around with the kids. Food is only one block away, a McDonalds and a KFC, a Chinese noodle place, and a Fish and Chips shop. Hotel breakfast was convenient but not cheap. A wide variety of food was available at breakfast, but we didn't care for the sausage at all. Porridge was good. For dinner, since KFC has no where to sit and eat, we asked if we could eat outside the restaurant on their overflow tables and surprisingly the answer was yes!! SO much better to eat there than in our room - we were very pleased. We could spread out and talk without interfering with incoming guests or restaurant patrons.The hotel is clean, and reception was extremely helpful with advice. The Budget Rental Car location, even though it says &quot;Kings Cross&quot; Pentonville Road is a VERY long walk from the hotel. I regretted not taking the tube back to the airport and renting from there instead. Learning to drive in London was crazy.We booked this stay at the hotel website on their web special - pre-buy package for stay and breakfast. No regrets about the hotel at all.	
Aug 17 2007 	Fantastic!!!!!	My husband, myself and our 2 daughters (14&amp;10) stayed here for 1 night on 13th Aug and what a fantastic place it is!!The location was ideal (2 mins away from Kings cross). Didnt see anything seedy as mentioned in a previous review even at 10.30pm at night.The staff were all friendly and efficient...the room was very comfortable &amp; spotless with a huge bed. The girls had camp beds with a proper matress on them..it was a bit of a squeeze to get round the bed but this really wasnt an issue with us. ..bathroom looked brand new...lovely hot power shower. The breakfast was amazing...absolutely everything you could possibly want.....fruit salad was gorgeous and the hot buffet was regularly topped up. YUM (excellent value as all 4 of us ate for £15!!!There is a lovely bar and restaurant at the hotel with comfy settees..this was ideal for us to go back to in the evening after the show and have a nice glass of wine or two!!!!we will definately use thishotel again and would reccomend it to everyone.WELL DONE PREMIER TRAVEL INN!!!!	
Aug 16 2007 	Great site-seeing base for families	My husband and I and our two children, aged 8 and 12, stayed four nights in this hotel in July, 2007. We were looking for a hotel to use as a base for our London site-seeing vacation. We didn't care about swimming pools or work-out rooms. We intended to leave the hotel in the morning and return early evening and didn't want to pay a lot of money. This hotel turned out to be perfect for us.The room was not huge, but was big enough for all four of us and our large suitcases. Several built-in storage shelves helped a lot. We reserved a &quot;family room&quot; and when we arrived, two single beds were made up and placed on either side of the king-sized bed. My kids thought they were perfectly comfortable - not sleeper sofas or fold-out cots. The room was very clean, the furniture was modern, the bathroom had a full-sized tub with shower and very modern plumbing, and there was air conditioning. The neighborhood was not &quot;charming&quot;, but we didn't care as long as it was clean, safe, and near transportation.We added two adult full breakfasts to our room rate and our kids ate free. It was a nice buffet with the standard bacon, sausage (regular and veggie), scrambled and fried eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes, beans plus oatmeal, breads, croissants, muffins, fruit, yogurt, cereals, juices, tea, coffee, etc. Everything was hot and plentiful and the dining room was bright, clean, and cheerful. However, if you didn't want to spend the 15GBP for the family, there is a brand new McDonald's on the corner plus a Starbucks and Tesco grocery store all on the same block in addition to the fast-food places in the train/tube station nearby.The hotel was very close to trains and the Tube. We came in from Gatwick on the train into the Thameslink station which was about a block and a half away from the hotel (come out of the station and turn left on Pentonville Rd. towards York Way). It wasn't a bad walk dragging all of our rolling suitcases but you will have to carry your bags up a few short flights of stairs since there's no elevator. The King's Cross/St. Pancras Tube (Northern Line) and rail (National Rail) station are even closer to the hotel, just half a block on the other side of York Way (come out of the station onto Euston Road, take a left, then another left on York Way). There was a Cornish Pasty shop in this station plus several other food stalls. We often grabbed a bite of something to take back to the hotel for dinner after coming in from central London on the Tube. The staff were all very pleasant and we met the manager standing in the lobby chatting with the guests to make sure everything was going well. We arrived early on the first day and they happily stored our bags. When we check out early the last day, they did the same. We would absolutely stay in this hotel again when visiting London. I heard that the London County Hall Premier Travel Inn near the London Eye is the company's flagship hotel and was also extremely nice, but was full when making our reservations. We ended up staying in Premier Travel Inns several other times during our vacation since there are so many of them located across the country and while they varied in price and the availability of A/C, we found them all to be clean, cheap places with nice enough breakfasts. We preferred to spend our money on nice restaurants, site seeing and souvenirs!	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Value for Money	My husband, 2 children and myself stayed here for one night on our return from holiday. Check in was swift and our room was large and comfortable. The location of the hotel is great for public transport. The breakfast was excellent and set us up for the day. We would definitely choose this hotel again when we visit London.	
Jul 23 2007 	Delightful	I stayed at the Premier Travel Inn @ Kings Cross with my family (2 adults, 2 kids) for 6 nights in July 2007.First, I have to commend the hotel staff for being genuinely friendly and helpful, and they made our stay comfortable and enjoyable.The room was modern, spacious (for London) and clean. There's free tea and coffee in the room with an electric kettle.Not many hotels in London offer family room; Premier Travel Inn is one of the few that do and the rate was reasonable (for London).We love the breakfast - buffet style with plenty of food and variety. The thick toast and the fresh fruit salad were the best! Although breakfast cost GBP7.50 per person, kids eat free so it was quite good value for money for us.We got to the hotel by the Underground from Heathrow - Piccadilly Line (Kings Cross/St Pancras). The journey was about 50 minutes but relatively hassle free and cheap (for London) - GBP 4 for each adult and the kids ride free.For directions to the hotel from the Underground station: leave by the Kings Cross/St Pancras exit (not the Thameslink exit). Follow the crowd and go out of the station. At the exit, you will be looking at Euston Road. Turn left and walk in the direction of the small WH Smith bookstore and pass it. You will soon come to a 5-way junction. Make a left at this junction into York Way. The hotel is about 20m on your right along York Way - you will see a large purple Premier Travel Inn banner on the side of the building.There's a supermarket around the corner - turn left when you exit the hotel and then turn left into Caledonia Street. A Tesco supermarket is at the end of Caledonia Street. You could pack some ready-to-eat sandwiches and drinks as meals could be expensive in London.Kings Cross has been described by some travel guide books as &quot;seedy&quot;. However, we didn't encounter any problem in the Kings Cross Underground station as well as the area leading to the hotel - even after hours. Frankly, I felt more unsafe in Karlsplatz U-bahn station in Vienna than at Kings Cross.We'll definitely return to Premier Travel Inn when we visit London again.	
Jul 22 2007 	Practically perfect.	As always Travel Inn provided everything we needed for a long weekend in London. The room and bathroom were spotless, the beds were comfortable and the location was ideal. We never really use an hotel for anything other than sleeping and washing so it was more than adequate and it would be hard to get better value for a family of four in London.There was no road noise audible from our room, but even if there had been it wouldn't have bothered any of us. I've never understood why people who stay in city hotels on busy roads complain about noise.	
Jul 19 2007 	Brilliant find!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this PTI on a Thurs/Fri evening while in London to see a gig in Camden. I chose this hotel for it's location, as it is literally across the road from the train/tube station, which makes it easy to get about. (As a footnote - I was tipped by a regular traveller to get an Oyster card which works as a pay as you go travel pass - it is scanned at the tube barriers when you start and end your journey and calculates the cost to deduct from your account - highly recommend you pick up a leaflet when you are at any station - cheaper way to travel!) The reception to the hotel is immaculate and inside there is both a Costa Coffee and the hotel bar/restaurant. Check-in was smooth and friendly and we were given a room on 2nd floor overlooking a courtyard, which was very quiet. The room was again immaculate and the bed was king size which was lovely and comfy. Much needed air con in the room! Bathroom - power shower! We ate in the restaurant for dinner - they do a great 2 courses for a tenner deal and the food was plentiful and typical of pub-grub fayre in clean and 'trendy' surroundings, menu extremely reasonably priced as is £12 for a bottle of Linndeman's red wine (trust me - I know my wine prices!!) We sat on a small terrace attached to the bar in the sunshine. There wasn't a thing I could complain about during my two night stay and would honestly stay here again the next time I visit London without a doubt. The PTI surpasses the old saying you get what you pay for, here you get a bit more than that on top. Consider London prices - this is excellent value for money.	
Jul 18 2007 	Glad we stayed.	Stayed for 8 days at the end of June for our first family visit to London. We really enjoyed our trip even though the weather wasn't very nice and some things, especially the costant barrage of annoucements and warnings on the tube and the buses we could do without.I was a little apprehensive about the location before arriving, in terms of safety, but the hotel is very near the underground station and there are so many people going thru the area or working that there's no need to worry.What we liked about PTI: convenient public transport, clean hotel, quiet, large bedrooms, excellent beds, friendly staff, good breakfast, teenage sons ate free, restaurant quite good, no prepayment, could cancel the booking up to the day of arrival withouta cancellation fee, pretty good price.What we would like different: better light for reading in bed and after 2-3 days breakfast started getting monotonous as the exact samethings are served every day. All in all, though, I would recommend both the hotel and London to friends.	
Jun 30 2007 	Pretty decent stay :)	Just got done with my 1 week stay at the Premier Travel Inn. This hotel was pretty decent. The good things include: the location- it's so close to the underground and train station @ king's cross, about a 2 minute walk; a clean room, an amazing bed!! ample space, nice large desk area, and a good shower head; also a downstairs restaurant and coffee shop.Some not so good things: VERY noisy (construction, loud neighbours (bars nearby); no laundry service, you have to pay quite a bit to use the wireless internet, no extra amenities like gym, room service, mini-bar, etc. But I guess that would only bother you if you were staying a while.For a couple days this place is great. Pretty cheap to stay right in all the action of things.But I gotta say, the best part was the bed!!	
Jun 27 2007 	Great	Been there for two nights on a weekend getaway. Its great value for money by London standards. Easily the best choice I made in town (left aside the expensive Soho Hotel), and I´ve been there a lot.It´s located right across Kings Cross Station, so its the perfect base to get everywhere in town by tube. The room was very new, spotless and surprisingly big. Despite facing the busy street the room was very quit at night. Can´t comment on breakfast since I didn´t had one. Instead I enjoyed a quick coffee at Costa Coffee which is basically located inside the lobby. Other breakfast options within 200m are Starbucks, McDonalds and all the opportunities insidethe station. Next to the hotel (in the side street) there is a Tesco supermarket to keep you well stocked. Opposite the Tesco is a very nice basic pub to enjoy a pint now and then. On my next London-Trip I will check this hotel first.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great Base	Enjoyed our stay here (2 adults, 1 12 year old). Rooms are relatively large by London standards and spotlessly clean. Staff extremely pleasant and helpful. A very good base to stay and convenient for public transport links. Very nice breakfast. We left our luggage after check out and collected it just before our Kings Cross departure back home. Would definitely recommend this as a base and look forward to a return stay.	
May 29 2007 	Excellent Value - Family Friendly	Second time we have stayed here for a short break with our kids. Staff very helpful and attentive. The rooms are well maintained in this relatively new hotel and are very clean. Kids under 16 eat free with paying adults at the buffet style breakfast. 50 yards from Kings Cross railway station. The area around the hotel is the only aspect that lets it down, otherwise it is excellent value.	
May 20 2007 	Great weekend break	This is the first time at this hotel, normally we have stayed at the Holiday Inn, Bloomsbury. In comparison the travel lodge far exceeded our expectations. The staff are extremely friendly, in reception and in particular in the restaurant. We took breakfast there both mornings and the service and food were excellent.The room was spotlessly clean, I'm very fussy, the double bed was huge, very comfortable and the pillows lovely and soft. Compared to the Holiday Inn, the bedroom was huge as was the bathroom, with an excellent power shower, and at a much cheaper rate.I would highly reccommend this hotel, I could have stayed longer but it was back to work Monday morning. Shame!	
May 15 2007 	great hotel	I have just returned from a weekend in London with my husband where we stayed at the kings cross premier travel inn.The hotel was spotlessly clean and staff were very friendly. The room was spacious, comfortable and very clean. The only niggle is that it was cold and the air conditioning seemed to be stuck on 'freezing'.The breakfast was great, for about £7.50 you could have all you could eat - bacon, sausages, cereal, fruit, yoghurt, eggs, toast etc. we also had dinner there one day - no complaints there either.It is right next to Kings Cross station, literally 2 minutes walk. At kings cross, there are a number of underground lines so you don't really need to change at any station, you can get straight there and back. However, at weekends, some lines are closed so you DO need to change lines but it's really easy.The area around kings cross isn't great - there were lots of drunks and intimidating looking youths. I did feel uncomfortable at times, but like I said the hotel is right next to the station so you're safe in the hotel very quickly. I wouldn't advise you to eat in the local area - stay in the centre of london or eat in the hotel.That said, we would go back to this hotel. We loved london!	
May 15 2007 	Great hotel great location	I stayed at Premier Travel Inn King's Cross for 3 nights. The hotel was very clean and comfortable, the staff were really friendly and helpful. The hotel is safe and at the great location. The tube and buses are just a minute away. There are also Starbucks, McDonald's, Pret a manger, KFC etc just around the corner. Costa coffee is practically in the hotel. The hotel is also very quiet and good night sleep is guaranteed. Beds are very cosy and huge. This hotel is great for everyone who is in London for business or pleasure. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 13 2007 	Great Weekend Break	Stayed here for weekend break - booked 2 rooms for myself, wife, 15 yr old daughter and sister in law. Didn't bother with the breakfats but the hotel was well situated and gave us easy access to all of London's amenities with Kings Cross Tube just 2 minutes away.Room were good size, good double beds and kids bed ands all for @£350 for two rooms for 2 nightsWe'll be backKevin - West yorks	
May 9 2007 	Excellent base - we will be back!	Stayed here for a 4 night break in London. We have used Travel Inns before so knew roughly what to expect but had never stayed in one so large and so centrally located.From the moment we arrived we were made welcome. Staff at reception were pleasant and efficient and very helpful. Throughout our stay they greeted us when we passed and asked if everything was ok. It certainly was. The room was large and very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable and we slept well! The bathroom was spotless and the shower hot and powerful over a nice, deep bath. We ate breakfast every morning in the restaurant, opting for the buffet at £7.50 for as much as you liked. We also had dinner there on two of our night and can thoroughly recommend the food, wine and service.The location of the hotel is just across the road from the side entrance to the main King's Cross station and the entrance to the Underground system is just round the corner from where we accessed all areas. Would recommend this to anyone - young or old. As we stayed over the May bank holiday weekend, there were lots of families with children of all ages there. All were catered for and there wasn't a grumble from anyone.Excellent price too - just perfect for a London base either for business or pleasure.We will be back!	
May 9 2007 	Excellent!	I stayed at this hotel 1st May for 3 nights and to be honest was a little wary after reading some of the reviews. All I can say is that for anyone in the same position - DONT WORRY. The hotel staff were very friendly and its a refreshing change to have hotel staff smile at you when you speak to them, nothing was too much trouble for them. The room was very clean and value for money - its one of the few places I've stayed in London where the bathroom was spotless. The standards here would easily put some of the 4* hotels around london to shame.If you are travelling for business or a short stay then this hotel will not dissapoint. I will certainly be using it again and can happily say its saved me a huge headache of trying to find somewhere cheap and suitable in central london!	
May 8 2007 	Great Find - Definitely Stay Here Again!!!	I stayed here with my husband, mother &amp; father, brother &amp; partner for two nights and if we visit London again, we’ll definitely stay here.Firstly on arrival at the station, we were over the moon to find the hotel was within a stones throw away, so convenient since we spent the weekend on and off the tube. The staff were only too happy to take our bags and keep them stored away as we were too early to check in. On check-in, we found our rooms to be spacious, clean, comfortable and more importantly for London hotels, very quiet!The restaurant was excellent and we ended up eating there on both evenings although we hadn’t intended too. It was quite reasonably priced and we had no complaints whatsoever about the service and quality of the meals. The only thing I would say is be prepared to be asked about 10 times per meal if you are okay for drinks. I think the staff were just being friendly and trying to impress but it does get a bit annoying after a while! The drinks were quite pricey but what can you expect from a big city! There were tables and chairs on decking outside (quite rare for central London) with patio heaters so we were able to spend time outside enjoying a few drinks.The breakfast was fantastic value, you could eat as much as you liked for £7.50 and the choice was amazing.Again at check-out, the reception staff kept our bags stored away as our train wasn’t due to depart until earlier in the day and had drinks, muffins and fruit to help yourself to on the way out.Overall, this is a central, comfortable, reasonably priced hotel with good food, facilities and excellent staff - STAY HERE!!!!	
Apr 28 2007 	Good night guaranteed	I've just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while in London on a training course. I booked via the hotel website, which was easy and quick, and received text messages confirming my booking, and, on the day of my arrival, a message asking if I wanted to book a table in the restaurant that night.The location is great, just around the corner from King's Cross/St Pancras, so getting there and around the city is a breeze. The hotel is a well-designed, modern building - the entrance leads into a glass-ceilinged central atrium, which half of the rooms overlook (the rest overlook a patio to the rear). Check in (and out) was efficient and smooth, and the room was spotlessly clean with decent quality fittings. Facilities are basic (only shampoo/shower gel in the bathroom, no drawers just open shelves and hanging space), but what you do get is perfectly adequate for a short stay.The bed was a zip-locked king size, one half of which was a little too soft, but as I was alone, this wasn't a problem. There was an air-con unit which was a little rattly, but as I didn't need to leave it on all night, this wasn't a problem either. The TV had about 7 or 8 channels plus radio. The room was extremely quiet, I hardly heard any noise from other rooms or the corridor.The restaurant serves reasonably-priced food in a pleasant, contemporary setting. The waiting staff were really helpful, friendly and efficient, and given that the restaurant gets quite busy (especially with lone diners like myself) everything ran like clockwork. Breakfast is a similarly efficient affair, served buffet-style with a wide selection to choose from.The Premier Travel Inn offers a 'good night guarantee', so if you don't have a good night, you can get your money back. I can't imagine that they have to do this very often though! I would definitely stay here again if in London on business.	
Apr 18 2007 	loved this hotel	I stayed in this hotel at king's cross and having read some of the negative reviews about this area, I wondered what we were in for ,but I can tell anyone reading this and unsure whether to book I say GO AHEAD! The staff were really friendly and the hotel is extremely clean and well laid out. The breakfast at £7.50 was excellent value as you can eat as much or as little as you like, we also were really pleased as they told us we could have 1 child free with a paying adult which was a great saving. The area around this hotel is a little run down, but we were not sightseeing at Kings x ! The underground is right on the doorstep and will take you to any part of London you want, although it was a little tricky the first day, by the second we were more familiar with what to do.	
Apr 14 2007 	This is really a PREMIER HOTEL	My Wife and 2 children stayed at the Premier Inn Kings Cross for 10 days including the easter weekend. The hotel is very good all round good rooms for families, good food, good beer, and great staff. Stay here you will not be disappointed with the establishments facilities etc. When I return to London this will be the hotel of my choice to stay at. Taxi from Heathrow about 55 pounds well thats London expensive place to live.At Easter time the hotel even had live &quot;Easter Rabbits&quot; for the children to play with and a great supply of free easter eggs etc for the kids. The tube is really just across the road Kings Cross station and bus stop adjacent to front door. A few drunks etc frequent the surrounding streets. A tesco supermarket and macdonalds etc nearby. A good hotel with good management.	
Apr 10 2007 	Would be hard to beat!	We stayed at this hotel during the Easter weekend. It was fabulous.To begin with, the hotel is ideally located, about 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross Underground Station. When you approach the top of York Way (the road which the hotel is located on), you can see the Premier Inn flags on the right hand side of the street. It is down a street, and would probably score low on views, however, once you enter the hotel, the welcoming atmosphere created by the staff is one of willingness and professionalism. Every member of staff we saw smiled, nothing was too much trouble for anyone. Upon check in our son was given a &quot;Kids Pack&quot; and drink and there was also a brilliant Easter Egg competition taking place. Check in was swift and professional. Our room was located on the ground floor. The room was extremely spacious, very clean and represented a 4* hotel instead of a 3* hotel. The only negative thing is that our room (and I understand all the ground floor rooms) have no window as such, instead they have frosted glass blocks, which allow the light in, but do block any view. The bathroom was immaculate (all the sealant was pure white with no mould! and the show curtain showed no trace of mould either). Our evening meal was in &quot;Barest&quot; - again, the staff were excellent - nothing was too much trouble. There was another &quot;Kids pack&quot; for our son and the choice on the menu was excellent. The food was of an exceptional standard and we all felt very satisfied after our meal.Breakfast again was fantastic. There was a good selection of hot food (including vegetarain sausages), the best selectionof cereal I have ever seen, even make your own Granola! There was even Hot Cross Buns (these were kept in a warmer together with the croissants and were absolutely delicious).All in all, excellent value for money and a very well managed hotel where the staff are obviously very happy to work at which reflected in their attitude.	
Apr 8 2007 	Highly recommended	My friend and I had an excellent experience this week at the Premier Travel Inn at Kings Cross. Very good value for money in expensive London. Comfortable, scrupulously clean, good-sized and quiet room overlooking the inner courtyard. Prompt attention at reception when we arrived. Staff in breakfast room efficient and friendly despite the large number of guests. Very wide choice of food. We were always asked if we had everything we wanted and used dishes were removed almost too quickly ! Only minor complaint - breakfast at £7.50 is rather pricey if you don't want a big meal; the cheaper &quot;continental&quot; option promised on the website was not in fact on offer. Recommend the hotel highly nevertheless and will return next time I have to stay in London. Colin in Brussels, Belgium.	
Mar 28 2007 	Excellent Experience !	I travel a lot with work and have stayed in many hotel chains but never a premier travel inn and if im honest I always thought of it as a basic hotel chain. I was completely taken aback with the quality and standard of this hotel considering the price!! In all honesty I was forced to book into this hotel for a mid week trip to London because everywhere appeared to be full and I can honestly say after this trip I will always stay at this particular hotel when visiting London.The room was incredibly spacious, the bed was enormous and so comfortable. The check out was 12pm which was incredibly convenient and the breakfast was fantastic for only £7.50 considering I usually pay around £14 in a Novotel and it was exactly the same if not better! The location could not have been better, you literally fall out of the hotel into Kings Cross station. The staff could not have been more helpful and friendly and they offer a good night guarantee which they informed me means that if at any time through the night you are not happy with your room they will move you. The only downfall is the parking as there is an NCP but dont be fooled by a 'short walk' it is quite far considering the busy roads you have to cross. Although this did not ruin my stay and I will definetly be staying again.GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY!! WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE!! AND WILL DEFINETLY STAY THERE AGAIN.	
Mar 26 2007	Fantasic Location Great Hotel at a very good price	We stayed at the Kings Cross Travel Inn on Friday night. When we arrived we were greeted by pleasant staff. Our room was a good size and clean. It was on the 3rd floor overlooing the internal courtyard and was very quiet.The beds were comfortable and the room had tv, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, hairdryer. There were also irons and ironing boards available.The breakfast was excellent and was all you can eat, cereals, fruit, porridge, muffins &amp; croissants and a full cooked english breakfast.All in all a very pleasant experience and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great find around the corner from Kings Cross	We only stayed one night in this hotel (in May of 2006), as it was at the end of our trip. However, we were very impressed with it, and almost wished we had stayed in it before! The bed was huge, and very comfortable. The bathroom, again, was large and spacious. The room was decorated in nice blues and dark hardwood, which was a nice change from the usual stark white rooms you find in these cheaper hotels. The room itself was also very large, and quiet. The restaurant, too, was also really good. Service was great. It was nice being so close to King's Cross, which made for a quick getaway to Heathrow; and the Tube lines are perfect for quickly getting in to and out of the core of London. The price is a little more than other Premier Travel Inns in the city, but it is worth the extra bit if you want a larger room and the convenience of being steps away from King's Cross. The only downside would be the area itself; it is known for being seedy. However, you are only a couple minutes walk from King's Cross, so it should not be a problem, or too much of a cause for concern. There is a McDonalds close by, also, if you do not wish to pay for the hotel breakfast (which is a bit expensive if you are exchanging with the dollar). Overall, a really great find in the middle of the city; perfect for travellers who do not want to spend a bundle on hotels in London, but still want the comfort of a more expensive hotel.	
Mar 20 2007	Fabulous location great room and good value for money!	We were very impressed with this Travel Inn. The location isn’t the prettiest but it is absolutely perfect if you are looking for a base to explore London. Kings Cross train and tube station are a couple of minutes walk away. The tube network is fabulous in London so this gives you access to everywhere that you could possibly want to go.The rooms in the Travel Inn were large (something of a rarity in London), well furnished and decorated, and spotless. The bed was very comfortable. Since I was travelling with my Mum, we wanted two beds. However, we were initially assigned a room with one bed. We were changed to a room with two beds but the single bed was huge (probably queen size) and looked very comfortable. We weren’t planning to have breakfast at the Travel Inn because it was an extra £7.50 each (I think that’s right, if not, it’s around that figure) so we planned to find a café or Starbucks nearby. However, due to the mix-up in rooms and a problem with checking-in which took them 30mins to sort out (not the best when you arrive at midnight after spending 6 hours travelling) we asked if breakfast would be included free of charge as a courtesy gesture. We were told that that would be no problem. We weren’t expecting much from the breakfast but we were pleasantly surprised. There was lots of variety – cooked breakfast, cereal, fruit, yogurt, toast, porridge, tea, and coffee. The overall cost (£82 per night excluding breakfast) was great value for money considering the quality of the room and the location. I’ve stayed in quite a few hotels in London and felt this was better value that a lot of hotels I’ve stayed in. All in all we were very impressed with the Kings Cross Premier Travel Inn – it was a very comfortable, good value for money and pleasant stay. I wouldn’t hesitate to go back there.	
Mar 18 2007 	Wonderfull location	wonderfull location, you got access to Kings cross station which you reach any part of london easly, the hotel is clean and quite and bigger than any hotel in the area, you can get lower price in the area but not as good as this hotel.	
Mar 13 2007	Fantastic!!!!	The perfect base for my weekend in london, room was far bigger than i'd expected having read reviews of other london hotels having tiny rooms. Had t.v., bath, shower, tea/coffee facilities, everything one could possibly need in a hotel room. Hotel had lovely bar and restaurant, we only had breakfast there though...all you can eat buffet...and it really is all you can eat!!!!Literally 1 minute walk to kings cross station, friendly helpful staff, would recommend this hotel to anyone	
Feb 20 2007 	Handy Location	Stayed at this Budget Hotel for 3 nights 13th-16th Feb. Booked a triple room, one adult with two teenagers. Room size was ok, main bed was big as are all the double beds in Premier Travel Inns, the third bed was very small, a 5' 6&quot; teenager couldnt sleep in it though! Room was ok, bit dimly lit, view was nothing to speak of, windows could have done with a god clean they were very very dirty on the outisde.Heating didnt work in the room, portable heater was supplied but wasnt really adequate, it was February after all!!Bathroom had everything you needed but was also cold and smelt of smoke quite strongly.Best bit was the breakfast, value for money for £7.50 all you could eat hot buffett. Tried evening meals which were also quite good and seemed overall better value for money than the 3 night stay.I would have expected better lighting and a warmer room as a standard so it didnt live up to my expectations.Handy for being central for tube lines for sight -seeing as so close to Kings Cross.I doubt I would stay here again .	
Feb 16 2007 	Central but Loud 	I stayed here a couple of years ago and managed to get a very good deal through the hotels website. I think I paid £47.00 for a double room, no breakfast.The Hotel was barely 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross main station and was very easy to find. It didn't look like your average Premier Travel Inn from the outside as I think it was in an old listed building but once inside and in our room it met our expectations.Room was modern, of a good size and bathroom was good with the power shower. BUT... we were in a room overlooking a railway platform. I think it was St Pancras but I'm not sure as St Pancras is further away than Kings Cross main station. We didn't get back till late but the tanoy was still blaring out train information and we were woken by the trains and tanoy about 5am.Needles to say I couldn't wait to get back home for some sleep!	
Feb 7 2007 	Excellent service	Good location being so close to Kings Cross station &amp; only a short distance from Euston. Staff are very friendly &amp; helpful, the hotel is modern &amp; clean &amp; the rooms are large with king size beds. Don't be put off that it is a Premier Travel Inn the standard &amp; facilities are excellent.	
Jan 23 2007	Maybe the Best Choice in London!	The Premier Travel Inn London - King's Cross may be one of the best kept secrets in central London. The rooms are cheap and clean and the location can't be beat for the price.The hotel was recently renovated, and the updates are a welcome change in London. The lobby is a modern, bright, 5-story atrium with plenty of room to sit and chat or have a drink. There is a restaurant/pub in the first floor across from reception. The rooms are quite large; nearly the size of an American hotel room. The beds were large, the linens were clean, and the bathrooms had been updated, too.The location of this Premier Travel Inn can't be beat. It is a two minute walk to King's Cross - St. Pancras station in London; a major transport hub. Six Underground lines meet at King's Cross, so it is possible to get anywhere in central London very quickly. There are plenty of take-away restaurants and casual eateries in the area, and there's even a Tesco supermarket down the street if you want to buy your own groceries.The Premier Travel Inn may be a chain in the UK, but it's a clean, reliable one. It is closely comparable to a Hampton Inn in the US, but with more modern finishes. I spent 75 pounds on a room during the weekend, which is a steal in London. For the price, the Premier Travel Inn - King's Cross is a far better deal than any of those five star places on Park Lane.	
Jan 1 2007 	Good Location Good Value Clean	We stayed for 6 nights, leaving on Christmas day. The hotel staff was very friendly, the room always clean and the beds comfortable. We found the rooms very quiet but the hotel may not have been as busy as some other times. The onsite restaurant and bar were quite good. The location, right next to the King's Cross/St Pancras Tube station is fabulous since many different tube lines pass through Kings Cross. There are some good restaurants, cafes and food stores within a minute or two of the hotel including, Starbucks, Pret a Manger, McDonalds, two excellent Indian restuarants and a nice looking Italian restaurant (we did not try the Italian place), and one large grocery store and 3 smaller ones. Inside the train station is a Marks and Spencer food store that is excellent and cornish pasty place.	
Jan 1 2007	Value for money and location!	Didnt know what to expect with this one but it turns out that being beside Kings Cross is a true gem! An its truely value for money as well as being very comfortable. Still feels new inside - fabulous entrance lobby with cafe bar off - evening meal was a little slow but they apologised profusely for being short staffed and the bar was very convenient too for a quickie. Only complaint was the lifts - very slow - suggest if your above floor three try the healthy option and walk. Great value breakfast - plenty of it... eat as much as you can and buffet style which is a great start to a london holiday every day! Rooms are small and there isnt much room to leave things about but what there is is good and solid - good bathroom and shower and tea/coffee making - beds changed and made up daily. Recommended for all those who got out for a days sightseeing and then only back for a quick shower for out again ! Enjoy...	
Dec 18 2006 	Great location. REasonable price.	I booked this hotel as a surprise weekend away for myself &amp; my boyfriend.We're both students so I was on a tight budget. At £75 per night this was one of the cheapest hotels in London that seemed to tick all of the boxes (no, accomodation really isn't cheap in London!)The main reason I chose this hotel was because of its central location. It's literally a 90 second walk to Kings Cross station &amp; from there you can access most major attractions in a matter of minutes.As well as this, it has its own bar (open till 1am) &amp; restaurant. There is no room service, but buffet breakfast is £7.50...we slept in both mornings so didn't try this!We didn't eat in the main restaurant but did try the bar food for lunch.The food was fine but the waitress left alot to be desired- she tried to make me pay extra for something that was listed on the menu &amp; her limited English led to a great deal of confusion.As far as the rooms go, they were standard hotel rooms. The hotel has a very modern, clean feel about it. All of the rooms are decorated in blue &amp; white. The bed was bigger than an average double bed. My only negative comment would be that Kings Cross, where the hotel is situated, is a run down, unsafe area. Locals who we got talking to, told us to be very careful there at night &amp; to get a taxi straight to our door.Also, contrary to what previous reviews say, there are no restaurants of note in the area other than MacDonalds type chains. We travelled to Picadilly Circus to eat.But you would probably have to pay more to stay in a nicer area.Overall. Lived up to my expectations.&amp; I suppose the most important question is whether I would stay there again.The answer is a resounding YES!	
Nov 24 2006 	Very Good!	The hotel was clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. We liked staying there but did have a problem with the shower flooding the bathroom floor everytime we used it. We had to put towels down to soak up the water. Also please note they do not have washcloths only large towels and hand towels. You may want to take washcloths with you if you stay there. They do not have bar soap either. Only foam soap containers on the bathroom walls. It should also be noted that they have free coffee and juices in the dining area every morning but you have to furnish your own drinking container. We did not find this out until two days before we left as it is not advertised. They do have coffee and a coffee maker in your room too. Overall, we would stay there again and the price was good.	
Nov 13 2006	DB Tours	Just arrived home after a thoroughly enjoyable weekend in London taking in Lord Mayors show, Football and Remembrance Day at the Cenotaph. Stayed at Travel Inn on the basis of previous reviews and my own personal experience of staying in Travel Inns in other parts of London. Kings Cross is the best I have stayed in. Rooms clean with change of linen each day, Staff extremely helpful, food excellent value and a well stocked bar. Excellent value at #75 per room. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 4 2006 	Excellent value	I booked this hotel after reading the trip advisor reviews and I was not disappointed!I stayed with my husband and 2 children for 2 nights during half term and we had a thoroughly enjoyable time. It is incredibly central for sight seeing but once you're inside the hotel it is easy to forget that you are only a 2 minute walk from Kings Cross. Our room was clean, quiet and had an enormous double bed plus 2 singles.We paid extra for breakfast in the hotel and there was a good selection of food, always fresh and lots of it!We ate in the restaurant on one evening and had super service. The food was good and the surroundings very pleasant. The only reasons I haven't given this hotel an excellent rating are:1) We arrived 25 mins early and were not allowed to check in - was our room really not ready by then?2) The room has very limited sky tv and no sky sports channels.We will definitely use this hotel/hotel chain again and would recommend it to our friends and family.	
Oct 15 2006 	a heaven after staying in hell	London is always my priority stop in any European tour, and I know how expensive London hotels are. While paying only about 50 pounds in 2003, I got more than I expected. Since then, I have tried hotels nearby like Ibis, Euston, Tavistock, Royal National, and I still prefer this one in areas of modernity, international standard amenities in room, design and a diversity of colour in the interior and courteous staff. At least, I didn't need to end an enquiry of the possibility of helping me to book a show ticket with a quarrel on duty and service with a front desk staff in another hotel, which was my first outburst of fury in words in public. I write this late report only because I am sad to read a 'getting worse' report in this review column. My recent stays in some London hotels prompts me to recall the good memories of staying in P.Travel Inn: trouble-free/ no broken bulbs/ no floor vomits/ no loose door lock/ no go-down TV. After reading many horrible and incredible reports about poor qualities of London hotels, I come to a conclusion that either I have to pay over 150 pounds for one nite, or carrying a mobile camp bed and staying in stations. I must come back to P.Travel Inn next time in London. Actually I failed to get a room and the price quote of this inn on internet in late September and early October, the period of my London coming back tour. Best value for money in London!!	
Oct 11 2006 	Excellen Hotel in London!	After reading great reviews on trip advisor, we did not hesitate to book here and everybody was right! The Hotel was easy to find only 1-2 min walk from King's Cross station, and you can get anywhere from this station so it is ideal to see london. The foyer was well decorated, the reception helpful and nice. We took a double room and it was VERY large with new furniture and a king size bed. The bathroom likewise was huge, new and well equiped. Only thing needed was a mini bar, but if thats all to complain about! The restaurant was also very good, we had lunch there one day and the meals were very tasty. Breakfast was very good value at 7 pounds and surprisingly had a great selection of good food. We are staying there again in november and recommend this to everybody staying in london. It is the best priced hotel and certainly the best quality we have stayed in in Europe.	
Sep 4 2006	Excellent value for the price great location	I found this hotel on an Internet hotel website and, after much deliberation, decided to book it based on the high ratings that I'd seen reviewers give it. My husband and I went to London for a long weekend and we desired an affordable, clean room with a comfortable bed, great location with good access to the tube and a good English breakfast. This hotel was excellent on all these points. As others have said in previous reviews, the bed was extremely comfortable and the room was cleaned &amp; sheets changed every day. I don't know what the complaints about the breakfast were about, since we had nothing but delicious and plentiful food each morning and smiling service from the staff.Location-wise, even though I'd had my doubts about staying in Kings Cross, it turned out to be a great location. Not only was the tube station literally a 2-minute walk from the hotel, but so many different lines and the train station are located at Kings Cross. It was great to come directly from Heathrow via the tube and be able to walk to the hotel even with our luggage. And the price! Since we stayed at the weekend, we paid 75 pounds for the double room per night (excl. breakfast). With such a good location, easy access, cleanliness and great bed, we found this to be very good value for London. I definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again if we go to London once more in the future.	
Aug 29 2006	Reasonable for budget accommodation	A new hotel, well-located for King's Cross station. Standard budget fare inside. Horrible smell of cigarrette smoke in corridors, but the room was clean and the bed comfortable. A little noisy, despite the double-glazing.Its problem is that rates keep creeping up. At £85 per night, this is getting to be close to the price that the decent hotels nearby charge when they're on special offer (e.g. Novotel London Euston, just along the road). It's hardly a &quot;budget&quot; price for a very basic experience.	
Aug 18 2006	Get's worse every time		
Aug 13 2006 	Great Base for your London stay		
Aug 6 2006	Fantastic value		
Aug 5 2006 	Would consider staying here again over the 5* hotels		
Jul 30 2006 	Excellent hotel -value for money and great location		
Jun 18 2006	Great place easy access to London		
May 1 2006	Enjoyed our stay will stay again		
Apr 17 2006	No problems		
Mar 26 2006	Much better than expected		
Jul 13 2005	Great location 		
Nov 16 2009 	Très bon compromis prix qualité location		
Nov 5 2009 	Bene ma... pensavo meglio...		
Oct 30 2009 	Die guten Bewertungen haben sich bewahrheitet		
Oct 25 2009 	Optimal für einen London-Trip		
Oct 23 2009 	tres bien situé (eurostar et 5 lignes de metro)		
Oct 11 2009 	bon qualité prix		
Oct 5 2009 	Ottimo Hotel per Londra!		
Sep 17 2009 	Super Lage und Preis		
Sep 8 2009 	Estupendo		
Sep 5 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Aug 13 2009 	Ottimo hotel per non avere problemi		
Aug 3 2009 	Muy buen servicio		
Jul 20 2009 	Tres correct		
Jul 9 2009 	Perfecto Para Ir Con Niños		
May 31 2009 	Génial propre et bien situé		
May 14 2009 	Ottimo Hotel - Consigliato !		
May 1 2009 	Buono ma con qualche difetto....		
Apr 16 2009 	veramente ottimo		
Apr 12 2009 	Très bien placé très bon service chambre agréable		
Mar 12 2009 	Excellente situation mais bruyant et chambre petite.		
Feb 26 2009 	pulito accogliente e moderno		
Feb 9 2009 	Tutto perfetto		
Nov 3 2008	letto bambino sul pavimento		
Oct 30 2008 	Agréable séjour		
Oct 18 2008 	Excelente para viajar con niños y muy bien comunicado		
Oct 12 2008 	Sehr angenehmes Hotel in London		
Oct 1 2008	Sólo para estar de paso una noche		
Sep 13 2008 	Molto valido		
Aug 3 2008 	Pratique et confortable		
Jul 28 2008 	Buna relación calidad/precio		
Apr 29 2008 	Sehr gutes Hotel mit Kindern ausgezeichnetes Preisleistungsverhältnis		
Apr 17 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Apr 13 2008 	Tanta gente no puede estar equivocada.		
Mar 29 2008 	Excelente hotel para familias		
Mar 8 2008	Hotel perfecto para visitar Londres		
Sep 9 2007	Hotel muy recomendable		
Jan 14 2007 	Moderno y con buenas habitaciones		
