	A Super Superbreak	We spent three nights in The President Hotel in mid-November and had an excellent stay. I was slightly concerned that the reports were sort of 50/50, good and not so good, but either we were lucky (which I doubt!), or some people just do not understand what to expect for their money. Our room was very clean and recently refurbished, the only thing that I agree with, is that the beds are “brick-hard” and they rustle a bit! .....and I like an orthopaedic bed …..but you get accustomed to even that! Oh yes and that key …you would NEVER take that with you, but it makes a reasonable shoe-horn!!Breakfast (full English) was efficient and the buffet selection was always plentiful, and we never encountered any of the queuing mentioned elsewhere.We booked through Thomsons and Superbreak and everything went very smoothly, even the trains were on time! All in all very good value for money.	
	Good hotel- terrible breakfast!	Took my boyfriend on a weekend away as a surprise for his birthday to this hotel. Hotel good location for exploring London- very close to tube station, open-top bus starting point, local pub, Tesco for suppliess ,near some nice restaurants. Comfortable rooms, altho the bed was a bit crackly with a protecting sheet on top of the mattress, and clean. Good service from the staff. But then got up for breakfast- to start my boyfriend's birthday off. Didnt want that much of an early start and breakfast was supposed to be served until 10am but got there at 9-30am and all the tables had dirty plates on them which had not been cleared away, the only thing that was there was buns and jam and no plates to put them on anyway- not sure if there was more choice earlier but we did hang around for a bit and they didn't bring anything else out. There was tea in the pot but no sugar to put in it. And there was no orange juice. So we decided to just leave it and found a nice cafe around the corner. Was a very disapointing start to the day.So the following day we didnt even bother going to the breakfast there. Maybe this was just an off day but it put us off! I would maybe stay at this hotel again but just on a bed and no breakfast basis.	
	3 stars???? We beg to differ!	Whoever rated this fleapit 3 stars very obviously lives in a hovel! Isthis really the best we can expect from this standard of accomodation in 2009? There are so many hotels in London to choose from,please accept our advice and pay alittle more and avoid the stress of atempting to sleep in this chaos. True,the location is convenient,but that applies to many hotels in London. Food,rooms,staff etc all leave much to be desired,we struggled to find anything positive to say. I find it astounding that some reviewers have awarded this place 5 out of 5,they are welcome to it.	
	Excellent Location comfortable but needs updating	I stayed at the President for one night. The location was very good being only a few minutes from the course venue and 10 minutes walk from Kings Cross. The room was comfortable and very clean. Everything worked but a hairdryer would have been useful. The meal in the evening was ok and good value for the price. Restaurant generally clean and staff attentive. Breakfast was fine. I was on the 6th floor and didn't suffer any noise problems. Overall the hotel is quite dingy because it seems to have very little natural light. I used the restaurant for convenience but it doesn't have much in the way of ambience. I think this hotel is fine at the price as a comfortable bed for the night or a few nights but it could do with brightening up a bit.	
	fine hotel excellent location	having booked through a travel agent on a superbreak , had no idea what hotel was like . looking up tripadvisor found a few reviews saying how bad it was. we found this hotel very clean, helpful staff at desk and restaurant. we were not expecting 5 star accommodation for the price we paid like some ,rooms were well heated , showers good, flatscreen tv, hairdryer and trouser press all in room and overall was happy with our stay. do agree with some reviews that breakfast was only luke warm, feel too much being made at same time then left until eaten. this was at 7.45 in morning not long after opening. this would be my only gripe but was still able to enjoy it. same goes for pre theatre meals at night. good value and food although suggest an early sitting as again food already set out at buffet at 5.30. would go back as wouldnt want a costly hotel when hardly in it due to sightseeing and theatre. excellent location for tubestation to take you into london using piccadilly line( mind to get an oyster card for getting about quickly and cheaper).if 1st time in london like ourselves ,book the big bus sightseeing tour at desk to get around and see all the sights,lasts for 48hrs(hop on hop off) at this time of year and first stop just round corner.	
Nov 24 2009 	clean and good value for money	This hotel is excellent value for money. It is situated a 3 minute walk from Russell Square tube station. The room was clean and freshly decorated with a very comfortable bed. Small bathroom with good, powerful shower over the bath. Breakfasts were adequate - and no trouble finding a table to sit at. Have stayed at the sister hotel, Royal National Hotel before and personnally I find this hotel to be far superior. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent Accomodation 	After reading some of the reviews I was not looking forward to my trip to London, but all I can say is 'what do these people want!!' The hotel was very clean, staff very friendly &amp; helpful, breakfasts were excellent ( English ) The hotel is ideally located about 100 yards from the tube ( Picadilly Line ). Walking to most landmarks is easy as it is quite central. The National Museum is nearly on the doorstep. The hotel bar was cheaper than every other bar we went into £2.40 a pint of lager which for London is really cheap. I will definately stay in the President again as will the other people I went with &amp; I would highly recommend it to anyone else looking for a decent hotel, centrally located, with kippers for breakfast!!! LOL.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good Hotel dont be put off	I dont know what folk want when they slag off this hotel? we have just come back from a two night stay and found the hotel clean friendly good buffet breakfast.Great location an easy walk to covent garden.Its a 3* star hotel if you want 4-5 star then pay hundreds more!!....dont be put off staying at this hotel.We would go back and this is the first time we have stayed less than four star.Good bar on the evening fair prices.	
Nov 17 2009 	Very Good Hotel!	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. Excellent location near the tube station, good continental breakfast (have to pay 5 pounds more for English breakfast), cozy &amp; clean rooms.We would go there again!!	
Nov 15 2009 	Good Location Bad Accomodation.	We stayed for two nights andf found the Hotel well located for Tube Station but Noise levels are horrendous at 6 o'clock in the morning!! Vehicles reversing beeps/ Bottle Banks being emptied/ Metal being clashed about/ Trolleys clashing on concrete floors. Made worse by having Single glazing, still loud with the windows shut. Decor is dated, staff not fully conversant with Tube Station locations. Breakfast is a shambles with not enough cutlery being available, food only luke warm, trying to get a hot drink whilst getting past the queue for the hot plate, dirty tablecloths, and the hotel reception, bar and dining room constantly smelling of Kippers! Definitely needs updating and getting some natural light into everywhere, dark and dingy.	
Nov 7 2009 	Won't Return	The advantage to this hotel is the location..steps from Russell Square Tube station. That's it, that's all. The rooms are dingy, the bathroom shower had brown crusty bits on the ceiling and walls, no shower cap provided. The toiletries consist of multi-purpose shower/shampoo gel in a tiny, tiny bottle and a bar of soap. The toilet wouldn't flush...you had to flush it up to 3 times for it to work. Water from the bathroom sink would back up into the tub - all this black, nasty stuff!! The beds are hard - sheets are very clean. There was absolutely no heat in our room and it was cold - the radiator heater on/off knob had been broken off. The breakfast that comes with the room is awful - and that's being kind. Dried-out, thin white bread barely toasted, very fatty, bacon, eggs - that don't taste like eggs - left floating in water, coffee that is instant - preserves are no-name brand. There is little wait service - you need to set your own table - find your own cuttlery and china, tableclothes are filthy from the previous diner. One guest at our table said if she knew she'd be setting tables, she'd have stayed home! It's also very noisy - room doors are on a spring mechanism that causes them to SLAM shut..so you hear this all day and night! You also hear the busy, busy traffic outside all night long. As a previous writer states, this place is a dump.I initially read all the horrid reviews and spoke with our travel agent to change to the Holiday Inn Kensington Close. Our Agent said not to pay attention to these reviews and recommended this hotel, saying she and her colleagues regularly stay at the President. Clearly, the Agent and her colleagues have very different standards than we do. When I speak with her, she is going to get an earful. Never again will we stay with this group of hotels. Do not be convinced to stay here at any cost...it may be inexpensive, but there's a reason.	
Nov 5 2009 	awful awful awful...	Our family had a nightmare stay at this hotel. We arrived on Friday night and my wife and I were to fly home on Monday morning. We had made arrangements for our teenage son to stay in another room at the hotel for two more nights before he flew to another country. Although I had a voucher proving that we had another room booked for Monday, the hotel clerk had paperwork that showed the room booked for Tuesday instead. Rather than change her paperwork to Monday (the hotel was not booked full), we were told that they could not do anything about the situation and that we would have to talk to our booking agent. Try getting a hold of anybody in North America on the weekend, by cell phone. My wife and I did not want to fly home on Monday morning without assurances that our son had accommodations, so we booked and paid for another room for our son.  We flew home on Monday and when we arrived, our son called to say that the hotel would not give him a new room until the paperwork with the other booking was sorted out. So in frustration, our son booked a room at another hotel.  When you are in a foreign country, you expect your hotel to assist you in every way they can. The President Hotel staff were not helpful at all and despite assuring my wife and I that our son would have a room, they let us completely down. Expedia later told us that there was nothing wrong with our paperwork and that the hotel had made numerous mistakes in the way they had handled things. And the hotel refused to pay for the long distance charges I incurred at the hotel trying to resolve the situation. The hotel was dingy and rundown. The coffee shop downstairs is not ever open. The maids were friendly, but loud. It seemed like they were running the floors they were working on. The only good thing about this hotel is its location. Believe me, there are a lot better hotels in this area of London.	
Nov 3 2009 	As disappointing as I feared it would be...	I was looking for a simple clean hotel for 3 nights at the end of the trip. We left London for two days and had to return to it before flying home. The hotels I know and prefer had no rooms so in spite of my reservations I allowed myself to be persuaded by my agent and booked The President - I wish I hadn't! The hotel was musty and smelly, the linen unclean. Even though we asked for it to be replaced in the next morning, when we came back at night we found the same spotty sheet on the bed. The size of the room was ok but everything in it old and neglected, it even smelled of cigarettes though we were told by the staff it was a non-smoking hotel . The bath was clean but the towels not so clean and the plastic curtain very unclean!! The only good thing about the place is its location, central, close to the tube and night buses, and oh it came really cheap! Still, I regret not booking another hotel in advance or else paying more than I planned to for a better hotel. Not feeling comfortable in the hotel spoiled some of the enjoyment for us and we did our best to spend as little time in it as possible (sleeping only)!	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	Having read other reviews, to be honest we feared the worst. And on first seeing the hotel I admit it isn't the smartest or most up to date of hotels.However, the hotel was spotless, (although slightly worn in places). Our room was comfortable and clean, (what more do you want at this price in central London?!). The bed sheets were clean and crisp, (I checked on arrival) and were changed daily. The towels weren't overly generous but were fine. It looked as if the bathrooms had been recently refitted and the shower was good and powerful.All the staff we came in contact with were friendly and helpful. Even the housekeeping staff said hello and were pleasant. The staff on reception were great and very helpful. The full English breakfast was just that! Ample of everything and all well cooked. There was a long queue on Sunday morning but everything was constantly topped up so there was no shortage.The location was excellent. About 10 minute walk from Euston station. About 20 minutes to Covant Garden and 25 to Soho, so no need for expensive taxis after a night out! There are also some nice pubs and restaurants nearby. Russell Square tube is also just round the corner so altogether the hotel couldn't be better placed!The only thing we would not recomend would be the coffee! Truely vile both in the rooms and at breakfast. We just bought a jar of our own!Altogether a very enjoyable weekend. We have stayed at &quot;better&quot; hotels in London but this was the best value for money by far!	
Oct 25 2009 	This Hotel is a Dump!	The President Hotel, at Russell Square in London, is nothing more than a DUMP! Lesson for London is that if the hotel rate is too good to be true -- it IS too good to be true. The location, just around the corner from the Russell Square tube station, is convenient, and the very young staff were friendly, but that's about all I can say in its favor. It is dingy and run down, and although the bathroom was spotlessly clean, the towels were threadbare, and the bed and bedclothes were ill-fitting and of suspicious cleanliness. The mattress was so thin and lumpy that I got up in the middle of my first night unable to sleep. I decided to put the extra blanket on top of the mattress to serve as mattress pad, and so proceeded to undue the bedclothes. That was when I discovered that the old, thin, ill-fitting mattress pad was covered with pee stains -- some of which seemed to be fairly new! It was disgusting. I pulled the mattress cover off and didn't even use it, then looked each sheet over carefully before putting it back on the bed. Needless to say, I did not have a comfortable night. I contacted housekeeping in the morning and they responded by bringing over another old, thin, ill-fitting mattress pad, albeit without pee stains. For the rest of my stay I kept the extra blanket on the mattress both as pad and as shield from the mattress. The other problem with sleeping in this hotel is that the walls are paper thin. I did not have a single good night of sleep due to noise from neighboring rooms, in addition to the uncomfortable bed. I could hear neighbors talking, I could hear their TV (which they kept on nearly all night long), I could hear the man next door peeing, and I could also hear him snoring all night long! Also, I will never forget the BANGING shut of all the doors up and down the hallway. The room doors are all fitted with an automatic closing device that shuts the doors so forcefully that you can hear a door BANG shut all up and down the hallway. The nights were truly torture.	
Oct 21 2009 	GREAT HOTEL IDEAL LOCATION	My wife and I stayed at The President 12-16 October 2009. First impressions weren't bad. The decor could do with a little bit of TLC, but that is a minor issue. On arrival, we were greeted by friendly check in staff who checked us in with no problems at all. We were advised that we were going to be in room 324 - which is a disabled accessible twin room on the third floor (obviously!). I am a wheelchair user and have had &quot;wheelchair accessible rooms&quot; before in different establishments, so my wife and I were a bit hesitant - but we needn't have been. Almost without exception, this is by far THE BEST disabled/wheelchair accessible room we've had the good fortune to stay in. In other establishments, wheelchair accessible rooms have been &quot;just&quot; and no more, whereas this room at the President is HUGE. A standard wheelchair can be moved about with ease throughout the room AND in the bathroom, which is equipped with a walk/roll in shower, grab rails etc. It is my understanding that most if not ALL of the wheelchair accessible rooms are directly above and below this room e.g. 224/424/524 etc.The room was SPOTLESSLY clean (cleaned every day) and bed linen and towels are replaced every day. Whether it was just during our stay or is normal practice, or just in the wheelchair accessible rooms, but with regards to bed linen, there aren't any duvets, but a top sheet, blanket and bedspread are provided!If you want a quieter night's sleep, our suggestion would be to get a room ABOVE the third floor. Maybe because we come from a quiet street at home, we noticed quite a bit of traffic noise at most times of the day - despite double glazing, but by the second day we had got used to it.The rate we payed for our room included a cooked English Breakfast. Most of the time it was busy, but the dining room supervisor was doing a sterling job in seating everybody that went down for breakfast. When people had finished, the tables were very quickly cleared and reset. The choice of food wasn't bad either considering it is included in the room rate.We would advise that if taking the English Breakfast, arrival would be better about 9.00 - 9.15am (Breakfast is served 7-10 Monday to Saturday) as the food tends to be hotter than if you take breakfast before 9am. The downsidfe to that is that that appears to be when a majority of guests decide to take breakfast, so a queue isn't uncommon.We have stayed elsewhere in London and have to say The President compares well. In other hotels in London for example, a disabled/wheelchair accessible room attracts a higher room rate - we paid £95 a night for our twin room at The President - the same as everybody else would pay!The hotel is IDEALLY situated for ALL the popular tourist attractions - London Eye, British Museum etc. Investing in an Oyster Card is also a good idea - we saved a fortune in taxis as all London Buses are wheelchair accessible. Reception can provide you with a Bus Map at no charge which shows you bus routes.In closing, my wife and would have NO HESITATION in staying at The President again in the future - plans are already being made for a return visit. Would recommend to friends and family!	
Oct 21 2009 	Slightly less than average for a three star hotel.	The room was adequate but no more than that. The food was appaling and the atitude of one of the Chefs was poor, in fact he was downright rude! . The rest of the staff however, were most polite and helpfull.  I was'nt aware of any air condisioning system in opperation. Much of the Hotel was stuffy and smelly.	
Oct 21 2009 	What would I say?	I booked this through Air Transat Vacations/Carlson WagonlitThis was the first time I've ever been overseas and I was warned that European/British hotels are a lot smaller than North American ones. My room was okay actually, especially reading the reviews from other people, especially people staying up on the 7th floor (which I stayed in). Bed, being a single, fitted my needs. The room was clean, washroom was as well, but was confused my the two taps on the bathroom sink (first time I've seen it outside of television). The downside was the walk from one end to the other for the elevator, the only elevator to the 7th floor was slow, so I just walked down to the 6th and waited there. I tried the continental breakfast and was turned off after one day. The toast was chewy and meh, but everything else was just plain. At least there was a Pret a Manger nearby.Speaking of which, there are two Tescos near the hotel and a gigantic Waitrose as well. Russell Square tube station is a two minute walk as well. The British Museum is a less than 10 minute walk as well.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice hotel for the money	Good location - right around the corner from Russell Square Underground, as well as the hop-on, hop-off tour buses. Staff was very helpful, especially with booking trips. Contintental breakfast was adequate. Free high speed internet in the rooms was a bonus. Rooms were clean, but a little small.	
Oct 16 2009 	a very enjoyable stay	My partner , our daughter and I stayed at the President for 3 nights recently, and coul not be more pleased with the hotel. The place itself is within walking distance to most places in London City, and having our 6 year old with us, this really helped. The hotel was spotless which is a credit to the staff who keep up the high standard of cleanliness. The breakfast was very good and there was plenty of it. Our meal on the 1st night was also excellent, with a three course carvery dinner. The staff were also friendly and did not hesitate to change our room when we had requested a double but given a twin. On the whole a very nice place to stay and I will recommend this hotel to my friends and family, and would go back in the future. PS. the website photos do the hotel no justice. It is much nicer in reality.	
Oct 14 2009	Not the greatest!	Just returned today from 2 nights at this hotel. The location is excellent and really near the tube. Our room was tidy, clean and roomy enough. However on the 2nd day while we were resting in our room two women walked into our room using another key claiming that this was there room?!? I complained to reception and we were moved to the 7th floor for the 2nd night which was card opening floor only and not keys. I would recommend people ask for that floor otherwise your possessions might not be secure!! We found this quite distressing as it just seemed very strange. Other people have mentioned the breakfasts and how bad they are - we totallly agree!! Pretty horrible and also prepare to queue!! Also, the tables arent very clean and it all seems very chaotic!! If your looking for a budget hotel in a good location - this is hotel for you - however watch out for strangers entering your room!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Noisy Dirty Hell Hole	My wife and I stayed here in november 2007 through thomas cook they were doing a 2 night stay by rail in London the travel consultant assured us it was a really nice hotel and that we should ignore the reviews ( we expressed our concerns after booking once we read the reviews on trip advisor) We arrived at the hotel first impressions are a lasting impression and i have to say DUMP came to my mind when i seen it from the outside as we walked in our fears became a reality DUMP was exactly what it was the reception area was very very dated with big jazzy carpets and dirty looking soiled walls I felt i had walked in to a 1 star hotel in Bulgaria.The room was right at the corner of the hotel the noise from outside was constant we closed the window but the heat was unbearable the air conditioning was rubbish, there was a constant drilling noise from next door as they were renovating the hotel rooms ( thanks for letting us know) The bathroom was nothing short of disgusting it had exactly the same floor as used in hospitals and the shower was a throw back to the 60's I was constantly worried about contracting legionaire's disease it was that bad the water was yellow and so harsh it made you come out in a rash and your skin had an intense burning feeling.The location was ok but its a rough part of london at night full of creeps trekking the streets you didn't feel 100% safe The holiday itself was fine but the thought of going back to that DUMP was ruining it.Breakfast was a joke if you wanted to catch Ecoli then feel free to eat there.All in all this hotel should be downgraded to 1 star because the only reason its 3 stars is location which isn't even that good.I cannot remember what the staff were like but that really says it all.	
Oct 12 2009 	Horrible...	I stayed one night at the President hotel and the lobby was old and dilapidated. The room was very plain and run down. I could not even get the room door to properly lock. Upon arrival at the hotel, the staff were dragging stinking garbage bags out of the main entrance to the hotel. The breakfast was ok but not terrific. If this hotel represents a three star hotel in London, I'd hate to see what a two star hotel is like.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel with great location	We stayed at this hotel based on a recommendation from British Airways. The location was great (just a block from the tube). Our room was on the 7th floor and although there is only 1 elevator to the 7th, we rarely waited for the elevator. The room was small but clean. The shower (with a shower door) was great. The floor squeeked so we were glad we were on the top floor. The staff at the hotel was very helpful. The full English breakfast was pretty bad. Although the attempted eggs over-easy, they sat under the heat lamps and were too cooked. Same with the ham. Our last day there, we went to Tesco in the morning and bought pastries to bring back to the room. The location was great in regards to the tube. I would stay here again.....	
Oct 8 2009 	Everything you need for a shorter stay in London - perfect location	Very efficient, friendly staff. Nice rooms, only mattresses could have been better. Who needs a minibar when you can buy excellent wine just around the corner (good range of New Zealand wines) - and cool it in a bucket. Will stay again. Best value.	
Oct 7 2009 	Better than expected!	I was expecting a small little hotel room in London. The room was spacious! The room could have been cleaner (especially the bathroom) but it was liveable. The breakfast was awful! We actually ate out for breakfast 2 of the 5 days we spent there. All they had was 4 types of crummy cereal, horrible coffee and tea, canned fruits (grapefuit and plums), and paper thin toast (which was really chewy and unedible). The English breakfast did not look much better...it was a greasy breakfast of beans, eggs and ham. Save your money and eat breakfast elsewhere. The &quot;english breakfast&quot; was additional 4.95 pounds to upgrade to the english breakfast. The room was noisy on the weekend (luckily we were leaving). It wasn't noisy from the street....it was noisy from guests coming into their rooms really late at night. Some people came in at 2 am and were really not polite about the slamming doors and loud talking (but that isn't really the hotels fault). The walls are paper thin so just be respectful of others if talking loud at night. The location was great. Right next to russell square tube station and russell square park. also within 3 minute walk to the British Museum. Loved the location! The pub that is called &quot;Friend at Hand&quot; right close to the hotel is great! Staff were super friendly! Very eager to help with everything! The blowdryer is not in every room, you need to request it and need to deposit 10 pounds.	
Sep 29 2009 	Carver could try harder	Just returned from a three night stay at this hotel. Our room was well proportioned and spotless and included a trouser press and tea making facilities but no hairdryer which has to be requested from housekeeping with a £10 deposit required. Our package included dinner on the first evening. We opted for the Carver which was a HUGE mistake. After ordering drinks my husband went with our 12 yr old son to choose his meal while I waited at the table. I was constantly harassed by our waiter who ordered me to go to the buffet for my starter salad. The waiter then moved on to ordering my husband to get his salad despite being told repeatedly to leave us alone. While we were eating our salad the waiter brought our drinks to the table and demanded to be paid at once. My husband explained that we were in the middle of eating and would pay when we had finished our first course but the waiter was very insistant. We were very embarrased by the fuss the waiter was making; we felt as if we couldn't be trusted to pay our bill. My husband complained to the manager but again we were treated in a disgraceful manner. For our main course my son had the roast beef and my husband and I had the chidken. OK, beef can be tough, but I have never had chicken so tough I couldn't cut through it. If this food had been served up to me anywhere else I would have sent it back. In this restaurant we knew we were wasting our time complaining so we left the food on our plates and left the restaurant. Other than one member of the cleaning staff who commented that she &quot;...wasn't there to clean up [--] as we passed by her the rest of the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We would stay at this hotel again as part of a package (train/hotel) as the location is good and it's very clean. I wouldn't eat in the restaurant but the breakfast is OK.	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect location and great hotel	I don't know where the people writing the negative reviews for this hotel stayed, but I had a perfect stay at the President. The staff was friendly, helpful and enthusiastic. My room was immaculate and the bathroom was clean and newly renovated. It's not the most luxurious hotel, but you're in London for the sights, not the room. I definitely plan to stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect location and good value for money.	The President Hotel is ideally situated at Russell Square. Only a £4 taxi ride from Kings Cross and a 2 minute walk to Russell Square tube station. There are some very nice restaurants (Old Amalfi in particular) and pubs within easy reach and it is within a leisurely walk from Covent Garden. The rooms are clean and warm, although the windows (metal frames with aluminium secondary double glazing) could do with being updated. The self-service breakfast offers plenty of choice so you can set yourself up for the day. We found the staff to be very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. We'll definitely stay at the hotel again.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good location okay stay...	We booked this hotel along with train and theatre tickets...we found the location very convenient, as it's close to the underground and a small shopping centre. Our price included a 3 course meal...for which I would recommend Poppadom Express which is a newly renovated buffet. The selection is small but very tasty and much better than the meal we selected last year from a close-by hotel.Breakfast was very busy and we got told we would not get in on time as the queue was long, but then they let everyone in at once...we didn't return the next morning as I wasn't a fan of the food.The rooms were clean and basic and because of our theatre break price, this makes itvalue for money. I didn't go expecting luxury.I would stay here again if the price remains low..but not for the breakfast!!	
Aug 23 2009 	Just proper to sleep... nothing else	Stayed here for 3 days - we were 3 couples. Though well situated for sight seeing, the breakfast service was very, very bad (I want to stress this). I believe the queues in the morning are usual in August weekends, due to an unadequated room capacity to the almost 1000 people that can stay at the hotel. Worth than that was the fact that no one could have milk, coffee, bread, butter, knifes, cups, and so forth, due to the slow rate of replacement. I had continental breakfast, but there I had the poorest breakfast I have ever had - no ham, no cheese, a lousy bread, only two types of jellies, melted butter... the worse I have ever had... And no one was replacing the goods, since the same employ had also to clean the tables... And the tablecloth in my table was the same as the one of the previous customer, with the stains they left on it and all. And their leftovers were simply pushed away to the floor and to the chairs, even when I was looking... And it was I who had to refill the milk, to pick up the plates and so forth. The service room was ok, with only two bath towels per day and with new sheets every day. In sum, after the first breakfast, I started to have daily nightmares, when I thought about the next breakfast...	
Aug 20 2009 	A good quality well located budget hotel that I will continue to use.	I have just stayed here for a few days for the fourth month running and felt compelled to write in with how pleased I am with this hotel. It does exactly what it says on the tin - it is a 3star centrally located hotel for travellers on a budget.From the outside it doesn't look too appealing, but you are in Bloomsbury where all the buildings look like this. Once inside, it felt quite calm, check-in was efficient and I found my way to my room.My room was clean and tidy, the bathroom was modern - and clean - and I felt safe and secure. Yes, there was some noise late one night (I stayed 3 nights) but I've stayed in 5star hotels where you get more noise. Yes, there was a delay of a few minutes one morning for breakfast, but this is a 500+ room hotel so I knew the chances of people eating at the same time was quite high.Overall, we found the plentiful staff helpful, we enjoyed a nightcap in the adjoining sister hotels Night and Day pub and used the hotel as a base to explore the area and the close-by British Museum.What more could you want from a 3* hotel?	
Aug 19 2009 	prime location.	Our room was clean, dinner on first night acceptable, as was the breakfast we stayed for 3 nights whilst taking in a few west end shows, staff all freindly. Would have no problem in going back. Our room overlooked Russel square. The only thing I can say is I would have liked a guest information pack in the room ie: room service,dinner times etc. but other that will be back in the new year.	
Aug 17 2009 	At least the location was quite good.....	We booked this hotel as part of a 'deal' which meant that train tickets plus the hotel stay were the same price as the first price we got for rail tickets alone. That should have told us something important!!Included in the deal was breakfast for two mornings and dinner on the first night. First impressions of the hotel were that is was a bit shabby and a little tired. Having said that, the room was ok, although the bed had the too-familiar cheap, uncomfortable mattress that denies you a decent night's sleep. Shower was pitiful, as well. There was no iron in the room, either.But dinner was a whole experience in itself. We presented ourselves and waited to be seated. The dining room was about half full but we still had to stand for almost ten minutes while nothing much happened until a table for two was cleared and reset, and we were finally shown to a table. The tables were lined up in refectory-style uniformity and tables for four were simply two smaller tables pushed together - ie, very easy to separate to allow two people to sit. Very strange. We sat with the menu and, as the main meal was a carvery, we assumed we also went to the buffet for the starter. Luckily, we gained a waiter's attention to order a bottle of wine and he informed us that for some starters you served yourself and for others the waiter would bring it to the table! No one had offered this information when we were pointed (rather than shown) to the table. The starter was fine. Mixed hors d'oeuvres, prawn cocktail or soup. And our bottle of wine arrived as we were finishing it!But the main meal was just awful! There was a choice of chicken breast wrapped in bacon, very over-cooked looking salmon steaks, or beef, lamb or pork roast. My husband and I both chose the beef, both asking for meat that was pink, so the chef at least had to cut further into the joint, rather than give us the slices which looked as though they'd been carved and sitting for some time. But it didn't help. We had both commented that it was hard to mess up roast beef, but how wrong we were! The meat was so chewy that it was almost impossible to cut and then decidedly unpleasant to have in your mouth. It's an absolute first for both of us: we left the meal - and found a nearby restaurant for our evening meal. Absolutely inedible.At breakfast the next day, we joined a long queue spilling out of the dining room and across the adjoining bar. A member of staff was on the phone inside the restaurant and looked a little panicked at the number of people waiting for breakfast. Inside the dining room the quue was the length of the room - and it wasn't moving very quickly. Every seat in the room was full. We didn't wait and headed off to get breakfast somewhere else. The hotel was very noisy in the morning when housekeeping got going. And we've never had to put the 'do not disturb' sign on a hotel door as a matter of routine, but at the President Hotel you need to - otherwise, housekeeping will be knocking on your door at a very early hour! On the plus side, and I realise that you don't need to eat there, it's very central and really close to the underground, so getting around is easy. That said, I won't be going back there! Not even with ear plugs.	
Aug 15 2009 	If you can't find a crack house...	If you can't find a crack house that would allow you sleep for a few hours this place will provide you with all the style and ambiance you are missing out on.As budget London hotels go this one is pretty awful, you would be much better off and feel safer in a hostel.	
Aug 8 2009 	Quite horrendous	My friend and I stayed in the President for a weekend break as it was recommended by my (ex)travel agent. I didn't rate this hotel terrible for the sole reason that the bathroom was very clean and quite modern, unlike the rest of the hotel. I would go so far as to say we were depressed when we first arrived. The hotel is very dated, the room was tiny and very hot and the beds uncomfortable and small. People in the room below were smoking in the night and the smell actually woke us up.	
Aug 7 2009 	Brilliant Stay At President.	Stayed here for a week and just returned yesterday with no complaints. Great Location, Great Staff, Clean , Warm, Great for family's. Would recommend anyone to stay here, I have read all the reviews up to this and i have no idea as to why people are unsatisfied with this. This is a great hotel and great for anyone on a budget.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good for the price but...	The room was made every day and everything was nice and clean For my part it was a nice hotel, but the room was small and noisy. Forget the TV you have 4 channel and most of them are boring, so bring you laptop and some DVD with you. We were close to Russell square tube that a nice thing when you walked all day long and you need to rest. We had the English breakfast included with the room. It was Ok... a lot of egg in the buffet... (fried, boiled, hard etc..) So I had toast every morning If you like peanut butter you better bring it with you because they don't have any). The coffee is awful but the tea was good. If you can't sleep because of the noise I would say don't go there, because they don't have any A/C so you need to open the window if you want some fresh air.You can hear everything. Ambulance, police car, fireman truck and people yelling in the street!!! London is a beautiful city it worth every penny that I spent there.	
Aug 4 2009 	Too eager to checkout	Arrived to the smell of what i can only describe as stale chipfat. Checkin staff very un helpfull. Room on the first floor was pokey, smelt the same as the hotel with the dirtiest windows ive ever seen. My room and the inlaws room over looked the atrium, the wifes room was above the papershop and bus stop. They stated they had fridges for medical supplies, which turned out to be 2 small fridges the staff used to keep their lunches in, and were rather dirty. Ended up taking medical supplies to the local childrens hospital. Within 45 minutes we had checked out and into another hotel. Far too over priced, better suited for backpackers and third world country visitors. The imperial and bedford weren't much better. If you see the white sailing ship logo avoid.	
Aug 3 2009 	Basic and over-priced	Stayed here for one night before travelling to Bruges on an early morning train (8.30am). The check-in was ok but very impersonal, the room was small and clean but very basic - no hairdrier or toiletries. The breakfast room didn't open until 7am so we asked for an early breakfast in our room because we had to leave at 7am but were told we'd have to pay for it, despite the fact that the cost of the stay included breakfast - we didn't bother!	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice on budget	We stayed at the president hotel from Feb. 11-18th. We have a 2 year old and they upgraded us to a double room which was merely a double bed. The room was adequate for our needs (we didn't spend much time in the room.) There was enough space in the room for us to set up a mini tent for our 2 year old to sleep in next to our double bed. Small rooms but a decent breakfast. If you're looking for a nice, clean place to sleep, and just around the corner from Russell Square tube stop, this is a good hotel. We didn't eat at the restaurant or use the bar, but the staff went out of their way to get us a fan so we could have a little white noise in the room for our daughter to sleep. The fire alarm did go off a couple times while we were sleeping, but nothing ever came of it.	
Jul 14 2009 	Going downhill	I've stayed at the President a few times over the years and generally been happy with the staff and service. On the most recent visit, sitting in the hotel lobby at 6.30pm, there was a power cut. To be fair, a number of premises along the road also had lost power. I went out for dinner and by the time I got back around 10pm, the power was not back on. I went to the pub and got back at 12am - still no power. By the morning the power was back on but there was no running water in any of the rooms or toilets. The public loos in the lower ground floor had to be seen to be believed. No-one wanted to leave any unwanted gifts in their rooms, so had chosen to relieve themselves there - no prospect of flushing, obviously. I have to say, the staff seemed to be treating this as a routine occurrence. On one previous visit I saw a lot of angry guests in reception complaining about lack of power and hot water. There may be issues with the amenities in this area of London but TBH it is a pretty &quot;budget&quot; hotel and I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay next time I'm in London.	
Jul 12 2009 	President Hotel good value	President Hotel Russell Square LondonStayed overnight on Saturday 4th July as we were going to see” Take That “at Wembley (which was brilliant). Hotel was only 10mins by tube from Liverpool street station as the tube station was adjacent to the hotel which made getting to Wembley and sightseeing very easy.Hotel and rooms were nice and clean .Breakfast was help yourself with a good choice of food and drinks, which were hot and of good standard. We found the staff both helpful and friendly they let use leave cases in hotel when we went sightseeing the next day and would use the hotel again	
Jul 7 2009 	You get what you pay for but boy is it worth it.	The best thing about this hotel has to be its location. It's just around the corner from Russel Square tube station which is on the Picidily line, which in turn takes you straight to Heathrow airport.The hotel is simple, clean and will kept. You leave your keys at the desk if you go out, just in case the inevitable happens! Breakfast is self-service but simple, not much to chose from but it still fills you up. There is not much else to say really although you will most likely enjoy staying here.	
Jul 4 2009	A Nice stay at the President Hotel	My daughter and I stayed at the President Hotel at the end of May... over the holiday weekend.I booked through expedia and the room was waiting for us when we checked in. The hotel staff at check-in were nice and friendly. We were on the 4th floor - and the room had two single beds, a desk, a LCD TV with cable, and a full bath. The room was clean and looked great. Housekeeping did a great job on our room everyday. The shower in the bath tub had great pressure and was high enough for somone up to 6'5&quot;, but the shower curtain needs to be installed a bit further out of it's current location. The curtain hangs into almost the centre of the tub which means having a shower curtain sticking to you during a shower - yuck!The rest of the hotel looked nice - you can tell it's an old hotel, but they keep it in pretty good shape. Two of the four lifts broke down half way during our stay and were out for two days. We had the full English breakfast each morning during our stay and found it to be very good. Three choices of egg, bacon, sausages, oatmeal/porridge, cooked tomato, cereals, breads, juices, etc... The restaurant staff seemed a bit spaced out on a few of the mornings, but I just figured they'd had a rough night. We didn't eat any other meals in the hotel as there were so many restaurants in the surrounding area that we wanted to try.I'm a bit puzzled about some of the reviews here on TA - perhaps requesting a renovated room will bring the nicer bathrooms and LCD TV's. This is an inexpensive hotel in London which is in a great location and we found it more than worth what I paid. We would stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	good location clean hotel	After reading reviews was very sceptical, however, despite this hotel looking like something from the 70s it was spotless and the staff were helpful and polite. We had the carvery dinner included on the first night in a very 70's dining room, wasn't anything exciting but was hot. Breakfast the following day was taken in the adjoining hotel as there was a que too long in the President, It was lovely and plentyful and hot! The next morning we had breakfast in the Persident and were sat at banquet style tables and it was evident the adjoining sister hotel was the more expensive althought the same standard of food was served. Not all tables were banquet but I was sat next to a lovely couple who were on thier 3rd visit to the hotel! The hotel was in a great location for the tube and kings cross with a lovely park round the corner. The only faults I could find were no information pack in the room and the lack of hairdryer!	
Jun 28 2009 	Good location - but DO NOT stay on the 7th floor (single rooms)	The 7th floor rooms have not been refurbished and are like grotty student accommodation. Breakfast is very basic. But I found the staff pleasant and it really does have a great location.	
Jun 25 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more	Stayed here for three nights, great hotel central to everything, close to the underground (russel square) and within walking distance from kings cross and euston. Would definately stay here again the staff were very good and pleasant rooms were comfy and clean, en-suite perfect. all in all a good experience.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great break	Stayed with partner for a couple of nights for her birthday to see a show, Theatre (we will rock you), london eye and other attractions all within walking distance (underground was on strike one of the day). Staff very friendly, english breakfast a bit busy but could eat as much as you liked. Room was very clean but a bit basic. Hotel bar was cheapest bar/pub we found in london no need to go anywhere else and they did bar meals until 2am which were to a good standard. Booked with Superbreak and got a 3 course meal for 2 on first night (this would have been the only poor part of the trip if I had paid) Would recommend and think we will go again.	
Jun 21 2009 	Average stay.	This hotel is in an excellent location; just 1 minute's walk from Russell Square Tube. First impressions are poor. The facade of the building is painted in an awful red colour and looks dated and uncared for. Check-in was quick but not exactly welcoming. The room was fine for a two night stay. Both the room and the linen were clean and, although small, the bathroom was adequate. The restaurant was poor. We had dinner included in the price on the first night of our stay and we felt both the food and staff were poor. We had to wait to be shown to a seat while 4 waiters continued their conversation. When seated we asked for drinks which had to be paid for at the table, not at the end of the meal. The food was awful. Breakfast was worse. We were seated at a table with the previous occupant's plate and left-over breakfast. The quality of the food was poor.This hotel was fine as we were in London to enjoy the city, not the hotel. I wouldn't recommend it for long stays and would advise not eating in the hotel. There seemed to be a nice place for breakfast beside Russell Square Tube!	
Jun 15 2009 	not impressed at all	arrived after a 8hr flight from jfk new yorkwas not impressed with hotel the lower toilet was cosed and you had to go to the hotel on other side or to your room.we wer offered a small room on 6th floor when we got there the hallway smelled of strong fumes from varnish and all you saw was flys buzzing about and maids carts.we entered the room not impressedthe bed looked like an elephant slept in it. no bin in the toilet and a tiny closet.we asked for a better romm was told all rooms were the same. got anothe room on the 5th floor.bed was better but some noise in morning.had to go to the imperial hotel next door for the safty box open from 9.30am to 6.30pm the imperial hotel was much nicer was offered a executive room with a king bed double bath flat scrren tv and very quite much worth the £15.00 per night extra.nicer bar and resterant and staff and there was a gala casion next door small but nice	
Jun 15 2009 	uncleanunfriendly unprofessional...need I say more!	My Husband and I were booked into this hotel via a travel agents to see one of the Theatre shows. When approachign the hotel I thought the inside could not be as bad as it looked on the outside! How wrong wa I? The staff were unfriendly, the rooms were small and very basic. I was woken up at 6.30 am the following morning by a couple arguing in the corridoor outside my room. I got up and opened the door to find the couple agruing were actually two members of staff! Horrified is an understatement, needless to say we got up had breakfast, if you can call it that? and we left for an early train home. I will certainly do my homework before booking into any of the Imperial Hotels!	
Jun 15 2009 	Workable....	The trip I booked through British Airways included 2 nights free at the President Hotel. My friend and I were only staying in London three days so this hotel was fine. I would probably not stay here if I was planning to be in town for an extended period of time. The hotel could use some updating but the rooms were clean. The location is great. It is a short walk to the Russell Square tube station. The British Museum is also nearby. This hotel is a decent choice if you are travelling on a budget and don't plan to spend a lot of time in your room.	
Jun 12 2009 	Terrible wouldn't let my dog stay there	This hotel is simply terrible. It clearly hasn't been decorated, or cleaned for that matter, since the 70s. Thankfully I was there for only 1 night on business, but the fact that it cost £95 a person was daylight robbery. I don't mind a cheap, no frills hotel as long as it's clean and there's good service, but the President isn't cheap and I could compliment it on one thing only....... the location.And don't bother going to breakfast - the restuarant is dirtier than the rooms and the food is pitiful.	
Jun 12 2009 	If nothing else is available....	We stayed at this hotel due to our previous hotel being a bit pricey. First off it's in a good location right near Russell Square tube station. It's very busy most of the time but very close. Also very close to the British Museum.The lobby is first off gives a dark and cheap feel, so not the best start.The rooms are very small and box like. Not much to them, so it's a good way to force you to get out of the room and check out London.Staff we did find helpful to book tours and directions around London. It just took a while to actually get a staff member free to help you.Breakfast, don't get too excited. It's a couple pieces of toast with packets of Jam. Bit of a let down considering other hotels we had been to. Staff will tell you they have free Wifi (only in the lobby). Quite often nearly 10 people at once will be using Skype or video messaging which will make the Wifi almost impossible to get on. I used a paid service (T-mobile) which was fast and worked in the room. Happy with that.Overall, It's suitable if there is nothing else available, but if you find something decent priced and better, go for it.	
Jun 11 2009 	Very pleasantly surprised at the high quality of everything at this relatively inexpensive hotel	Room was clean and updated; tile bathroom with supberb plumbing in shower and bath; excellent internet access and very accommodating staff. The breakfast was very good and was served in a large facility with very courteous service. I have been travelling for over 50 years and this is the first time I have taken the time to review a hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	convinient but spartan	we stayed for 4 nights towards end of may. i am from a 3rd world country so we dont really have very high expectations like the brits. so this is true95 pounds rack rate for doublefirst night we got stuck in a small dinghy room in the attic with a separate elevator to the 7th floor. scary elevator, horrible room which felt more like a servant quarters.it was a more of a single converted to double. barely room to stand. avoid this floor at all cost. if you got the card key you will know cause the other floor room keys are old fashioned ones with a rod at the end ... weird but efficient system.the staff was nonchalant (one even rude) to our plight. only after repeated and highly agitated complaints were we shifted to the fifth floor.this room was OKish, basic.there is a seedy hotel (celtic) opposite and a nigt club so have to keep windows closed which are only means of climate control.1 min walk from tube convinient location. direct piccadily line from heathrow.basic breakfast eat and leave ... long lines on weekends reminded me of school lunch.stay at the imperial which is joint property. put in the 10 pounds extra its well worth . much bigger rooms and better views but its kinda noisy so keep that in mind.ultimately basic stay dont have high expectations. we were out the whole day so not a big problem for us.btw get play tickets online or from the theater itself . dont go for touts. we got ripped off and got horrible seats right at the top while we had paid for the ones in the middle.	
Jun 9 2009 	gharda	A terrible hotel with terrible staff and tiny rooms, poor linen and mostly non-english speaking staff!!! What a mess.	
Jun 9 2009 	Lower than expectations	First of all: I LOVE LONDON. So we had a fantastic time as it was the second time I've visited this great city. But the hotel...Lower than average. Pros: good location, fair breakfast (if you pay extra for the English one), hot water all the time (I've enjoyed many baths), friendly staff. Cons: room view (awful), terrible check-in experience (are there english managers anymore or what? - we asked for the time of the &quot;breakfast&quot; and the guy told us something about &quot;a bedfak&quot; (in uk) you know what I mean ha! - we couldn't stop laughing) and the most freaking key ever accompanied with an anticleptic rod as big as a spear. You could definitely kill someone with that thing! Very oldish hotel in general...	
Jun 9 2009 	You get what you pay for	We stayed 2 nights and found this hotel to be more than adequate. The room was very clean, breakfast good but had to share table with strangers. We were in a very noisy position (traffic) so would ask for a different bedroom if we stayed again (probably will). Best thing was the position, 15 min walk from Oxford St &amp; Theatres. Book in/out very efficient and staff pleasant. To all Americans out there who complain ........... we have smaller rooms here and not as much luxury.....GET USED TO IT!!!	
Jun 2 2009 	terrible choice	ghastly outdated hotel. Poor rooms and awful service	
May 31 2009 	Excellent location and friendly staff	I stayed in the President Hotel from May 11 to May 21 and was very pleased with everything. My room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff were all very friendly especially the porters. I had the English Breakfast everyday and the staff were very efficient in the breakfast room. The location of this hotel was excellent, only 2 minutes away from the Russell Square tube station. As a single woman who was traveling alone, this location was ideal. I had a wonderful time in London and will certainly stay at the President Hotel again on my next trip there.	
May 26 2009 	Run on autopilot	The hotel seems to run on autopilot: there is no manager or superviser to oversee the front desk staff and consider the comfort and satisfaction of guests. We returned to the hotel at night during a power outage. We were unaware of the outage and were surprised to see that the elevator ('lift') to the 7th floor didn't work. There was no sign on the elevator nor at the front desk. We climbed up the stairs. Then in the morning, suddently there was no water in our bathroom. There was no explanation and we hadn't been warned in advance. The staff at the front desk assured us that we'd get water in 15-20 minutes. In fact, they didn't know when that would happen. Needless to say, we were greatly inconvenienced. Otherwise, when there was water, the shower had good pressure and we were able to get additional towels from the cleaning personnel. However, the hot water faucet in the sink had no water throughout our stay. It just didn't work.In the dining room, breakfast supplies ran out even in the early hours. Again, it was obvious that no one cared about guest satisfaction.The best thing about this hotel is its location and the relatively inexpensive rates.	
May 25 2009 	A tough stay...	The President Hotel, off Russell Square, is in a great location... just around the corner from the Russell Square tube station. In the end, that, unfortunately, is about the only advantage I could see to staying there. I had booked and prepaid my stay for 3 nights. My room was small (I don't need much space) but did not have any air conditioning. The bathroom only had 2 bath towels, with no face towels or wash cloths provided. The TV was very old, with no remote control and no visible way to adjust the volume manually. On the first night, I returned to the hotel to find that the electricity had gone out in the entire hotel! I climbed to the 7th floor through stairwells, some of which did not even have emergency generator lighting. The next morning, I awoke to find that the lights were back on. But, there was NO running water in the entire hotel. The staff profusely apologized - certainly it wasn't their fault - but with 500+ rooms, a lot of guests were inconvenienced. Housekeeping had neglected to replenish the towels or bathmat but did bring them by after a quick phone call. The third night was considerably better in that all infrastructure was in place. The continental breakfast was meager. The hotel is basic, at best.	
May 25 2009	Short Stay Thankfully	This was a last minute selection as the original holiday i had booked with a coach firm to Germany had cancelled due to a poor booking response.The holiday was an 80th birthday gift to my mother and as she has never visited London i booked this trip.To be fair i booked through a travel agent and it was a bargain break, however by the time you take single room suplement into account it wasnt that much of a bargain.The hotel was idealy situated off and not in Russell Square as stated by the travel-rep but was less than 5 minutes walk to the tube.I would not recomend eating at this hotel other than the breakfast which to be fair was very good.The room had a stale tobacco smell and a little off-putting but was tidy.On one evening the Electricty was off and this meant a walk up six flights of stairs not a mean acheivement to an 80 year old lady.another time the water was turned off.	
May 15 2009 	Convenient location comfortable room	Stayed in President Hotel for a week in May, 2009 on our first trip to see London. The location is very good, just turn left exiting tube station and follow the Herbrand Street and you’ll get right to the hotel entrance. There are numerous bus stops at Russell Square and Southampton Row for major routes. British Museum is just a short walk away.On check-in we were given a keycard that didn't work and the receptionist promptly replaced it with a regular key to other room. We had no other complains for the whole stay.Online booking included an offer for free dinner at the carver restaurant for the first night. Since we arrived very late we asked the receptionist to change this offer for our second night and she agreed. The dinner was great!Room was clean, bath and shower functional and double bed was very comfortable. There was a hairdryer and a kettle with tea/coffee packs replenished daily. Power socket adapter (for European plug) can be borrowed from reception for 2 pounds deposit.English breakfast is OK, but can be boring, as it’s the same menu every day. The choice is limited, and there are no fresh fruit/vegetables and cakes/tarts. Overall very good value for the money. Just don’t expect anything Ritz style and you won’t be disappointed.Note that free Wi-Fi connection is working in the lobby, but not in the room.	
May 12 2009 	Good location -less than satisfactory experience	We were given the room for a week by the University of London as we had work there. The location for our work and London exploring was excellent. However the service and the hotel aesthetics itself was less than satisfactory, and I would never pay for staying at the President unless I was desperate and couldn't find anything else better for the price range. Here is what I am experiencing at the hotel right now: My husband says he cannot eat the English breakfast after the third day, as he feels it is so bad. I think the cold cereal choice is fine and can make do. However, yesterday the housekeeper had a vacuum cleaner with a long hose across the entrance to the packed breakfast room. Although I thought I took a big, high step over it, it was not high enough, and I fell on the floor. The Housekeeper sought me out during breakfast to tell me that it was not her fault since she was told to vacuum there. It seemed to me it would have been nice if someone from the hotel could have apologized. But I knew better than to expect it. This is because when I checked in, the woman behind the desk gave me a key to the wrong room. It was only when I opened the closet did I see that someone else's clothes was inside it. When I reported that someone else was in the room, there was not an apology at all. I was given another key as if it was normal to be given a key to another person's occupied room. Today when I was cut off on a phone call, I asked for credit so I didn't have to pay 1 pound for a local mobile home call per minute, but was told &quot;absolutely not.&quot; We have to request toilet paper when we are out and there is no paper and pen in the room for writing messages. The dry cleaning and laundry cost is extremely expensive. On and on it goes on a daily basis. The one exception to indifference customer service are the bell men behind the front counter. For the most part, they are very polite and helpful. Maybe I am spoiled because I live in Hawaii where people working in our tourist industry take pride in giving visitors service. But I can't imagine the people working here have been trained to serve the customers. Okay, I must admit the location is fabulous. Check out La Stada restaurant in near-by Brunswick Shopping Center. So much to see and do so close by. You have to decide before you go here: Can you put up with indifference service, uninspired surroundings, crowds of people eating a lousy breakfast? Is is worth all this for an affordable room in a great location in London? If you really don't care where you sleep, then stay here then. But if you do...maybe its better to pay a bit more at the nearby Russell Hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Pleasant stay	Stayed in this property for a 3 days visit to London. Rooms are simple but comfortable and the bathroom is ok. Internet is for free (no wifi) and you should bring your cord to connect (alternatively, you may get a free cable with a deposit). English breakfast is correct. Great place to be near the center of London and meters away from the British Museum and King's Cross station.	
May 10 2009 	Nice room - food awful	We stayed there recently when we booked to see a show. We thought we would be within walking distance but it isn't. However, our bedroom was nice, clean and comfortable but the food was so awful that we would not return there again.	
May 3 2009 	Great Location and Clean	My daughter and I stayed at the President for three nights. We found our room to be an adequate size and clean. Beds were comfortable. It was an inconvenience to me to have to go to housekeeping and put a deposit down to borrow a hair dryer. The English breakfast was uninspiring. Would have loved to see some kind of fresh fruit. All in all, I would stay here again. The location was convenient -we even walked home one evening from a show. Close to a Barclay's, post office, and several chain restaurants like Pret, Subway, and Pizza Hut.	
Apr 30 2009 	Nice	We stayed at this hotel over the easter weekend. Having previously stayed at the imperial hotel, we thought this would be a good choice and it was. Location ok, russell square about 20 min walk from theatres.Hotel clean and tidy, however breakfast wasnt the best.The only complaint I would say is about the rooms it that just outside the room was an office where the cleaners etc would work from. They did cause some noise which we complained about.Would recommend for a cheap break.	
Apr 26 2009 	Worst Hotel in London	I have stayed in many hotels in London. This one is small but its more that the staff is rude. They knock on the door at 8am to clean the rooms. There was never any &quot;privacy please&quot; hangers for the door. So EVERY cleaning lady knocked this early on a Sunday morning. I complained to one of them in the hall way and they were mean to me and blamed my guest for the noise?????? Beds where horrible. I have barely enough room to turn around in the room. The breakfast was the worst. They sat me at a table where many have sat before. There were stains everywhere. I thought it was a joke. Your really seating me in this mess of sauces all over the white table cloth?? I would never go there again even if it was free or someone payed me.	
Apr 23 2009 	A great stay	My husband and I stayed for two nights in April. The hotel is in a great location and is a two minute walk from Russell Square Station. It is also a 15 minute walk to Oxford Street, which is a main shopping street. Our room was a double room, a little small, but clean and comfortable. Our room did not have a hairdryer (some rooms did) but you could pay £10 deposit from the house keeping service to borrow one. The room did have a kettle and complementary teabags/coffee. There is a Tesco around the corner where we bought extra teabags and milk (although no fridge in the room) We had a small flat screen TV and a trouser press! We had a full English breakfast which consisted of poached eggs, bacon, sausage, toast,and beans, but you could also choose cereal and fruit. It was quite nice. We had a carvery meal on the first night which had a choice of three meats, pork, lamb or beef. This was included in our hotel package but may be a little expensive if you have to pay. The staff and service was adequate. They were friendly and if we needed anything, we just had to ask. One side of the hotel was a little more noisier than the other. Our room was at the back of the hotel and was pretty quiet! The room had double glazing. The bathroom was small. It had a sink, toilet and a shower over the bath. The towels they provide are very small so I would suggest taking your own! The shower looked like a large metal pole fixed to the wall. The water was very hot and it took a little time to adjust the shower to the right temperature. The room key was on a lage metal rod so you couldnt put it in your pocket or lose it! You hand your key in at reception if you go out. Overall a pleasant stay at the hotel and would definately stay here again.	
Apr 20 2009 	well located	i selected the hotel because of proximity to my work place and very close to russel square station. its budget hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	A decent 3-star hotel	I stayed in this hotel during a business trip for 4 nights.LOCATION: The hotel is very close to Russell Square tube station and is a few minutes walk away. There are also lots of bus passing by the hotel. The location cannot be faulted and it convenient to travel from the hotel to most places in London.ROOM: The rooms are very small and basic in furnishing. The rooms are clean and modern. The toilets are very small and the shower is a tiny glass box next to the toilet seats. The television is small too. There is a kettle to boil water in the room.SERVICE: The receptionist and the staff I meet are aloof yet the service was on the whole efficient.FACILITIES: Apart from a shop, there isn't any facilities to speak of. The hotel is next to the Imperial Hotel, which seems grander. There is free wifi in the Imperial Hotel lobby.BREAKFAST: Its extremely basic. But it's London and what can one expect?Overall, this hotel is value for the money I pay for and is the 3 star hotel I expect.	
Apr 14 2009 	not impressed	Telephoned beforehand to ask about the possibility of hiring a wheelchair from somewhere in the area for an elderly relative and was transferred to three different people. Finally spoke to someone in reception who stated I needed the porters, would speak to them for me and when he came back to me stated that it was sorted. I left my name and time of arrival and was told it would be no problem. However, upon checking into the hotel I was told by reception that it is not something they do. I really felt as if I had been fobbed off. It was then too late to hire one so the weekend was spoiled in that we could not do the things we had planned.Ate in the hotel for early dinner pre-theatre and it was not worth the money charged. The meat was tough, the frozen vegetables were not appetising. Next morning at breakfast it was like a cattle market. If you didn't get in early you had to sit just anywhere. Tables were not cleared immediately and when they were it consisted of wiping away the crumbs made by previous occupants. If anything had been spilt on the table - tough - the cloths were not changed. The food was cold.The only redeeming feature was the helpfulness of the porters. They were very obliging in calling taxis for us.	
Apr 9 2009 	Basic hotel	Very basic hotel. The rooms were ok, a bit mould in the shower but it's London, so what do you expect?Good service from the front desk and the bar at the hotel was ok too.Did not eat breakfast at the hotel, so can't say anything about it.The location was excellent, right off Russell Square Tube, and lots to do nearby the hotel.All in all, I would stay here again.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel for a budget traveler	My wife and I stayed there the second week of March, 2009. I would stay there again for two reasons. 1. Price. 2. Location. We were able to get a great deal on the hotel through British Airways. We got 6 nights for $512 US dollars. I would rate the hotel a 3 out of 5 stars, only because the decor and furnishings seemed a little dated. The rooms were clean and neat, but a little dreary. The bed was comfortable and they were able to meet the request for a queen. The hotel staff was very friendly, providing assistance with tours and other information. Most of the information was accurate. The hotel also had everything we needed for our stay such as hairdryer, electrical plugs and laundry service that was done at a reasonable price.Location was superb. Being only a 100 yard walk from the Russell Square stop put us anywhere we wanted to be in the city in 20 minutes or less. BTW, the google map of this hotel is wrong. Go down the side street when you exit the underground and it leads right into the hotel on Guildford Street. The Russell Square address is for another hotel in the Imperial line of hotels.We ate the continental breakfast every morning. It was well stocked and had a variety of cereals and breads. It also had juice milk tea and coffee. It was a great place to load up on carbs before our day of walking around. There was also a full English Breakfast available. Would I stay there again? Yes, but I would fist look elsewhere for all the same service and value in a more updated hotel.	
Mar 25 2009 	Moderate hotel	the hotel room is clean but I find it too small. The breakfast was great for one day but they repeat the same for all the days which is not an favourable thing. Overall I would rate as a moderate hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	We would return	Just got back from 2 nights in London. Booked by Thomas Cook/Super Breaks. Speedy check in. Room very good, although could do with having a hair dryer in. Had a meal on the first night. A bit standard with very little choice of veg with the carvery. Breakfast ok in view of the amount of people they have there. Full english missing black pudding and hash browns! Food warm and plentiful. Language barrier a problem with the staff(asked for a a cup and was given a spoon)Easy access for the tube. Would definitely go again and recommend to friends.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great Location	My wife and I have stayed at the President almost every year for the past 20. All is consistent. The rooms are clean, great showers. If a hair dryer is needed one can be obtained from the housekeeping dept. Staff is friendly and helpful. The &quot;Full English breakfast is not exciting but filling. It is an easy walk to the British Museum and the West end as well as Covent Garden. All of London is available from the Russell Sq. Tube station, just around the corner. Glenn, one of the bellmen always goes out of his way to be helpful.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good clean basic hotel.	The hotel is basic, cheap and clean. The rooms are well maintained. The staff that I encountered didn't have the best grasp of english, but they were pleasant and polite. Unfortunately the lady taking my name over the phone spelt it wrong, so the booking was not in the correct name however this problem was quickly resolved.The lobby area does have a rather strange smell - i've been here 3 times and it's there each time, my first time being 2 years ago.The rooms are a good size. This hotel uses keys rather than card keys. Unfortunately the keys are attached to very long poles which makes it difficult for you to carry them around. I guess they want you to hand them into reception rather than taking them out of the hotel.There is no minibar, hairdryers are in all the rooms now. The TV has all the basic channels and some radio channels. Temperature control of the rooms is not great - there is no individual room temperature control. Checkout is at 11pm.Breakfast is edible but basic. Toast was cold though. I don't like cold toast.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location 	If you are traveling in/out of Heathrow you can't get a better location than this since it's on the picadilly line and one block from Russell Tube stop. Safe neighborhood and convenient, who needs to use the tube? Covent Garden is a 15 minute walk, Leicester another 4, Trafalger 4, you get my drift. (And we are over 60) We have stayed in London at least 10 times and this was one of the biggest rooms and bathrooms in this price range, it was clean which is primary for us. I guess people don't know what a continental breakfast is, but we felt it was more than adequate including cereal and some fruit, as we have had only brotchen, butter and coffee in the past at some hotels. If you are looking for top flight service, stay at the Russell Hotel across the street. We have stayed there too, lovely graciious hotel but you will pay for it. I have never stayed at a hotel anywhere that wasn't noisy, buy some earplugs, that's what we do.	
Mar 4 2009 	Busy Hotel	Had 2 nights here, hotel good, food not up to the standard as last time, but still good, room ok but in need of a bit of TLC, on the road side, so a bit of noise during the night , would have been better at the rear of the hotel like last time, staff ok. was allways busy, when we got there there was a coach party checking in so had to wait a while,	
Feb 27 2009 	Great Location fair price	We have just come back from a girlie weekend at the president. To our surprise when we arrived around miday they gave us the key to the room. Check-in was not until 2 and the room was not ready despite being given the key. The cleaner did assure us that it would be taken care of by the time we came back and indeed it was. The rooms were standard twin rooms with private facilities. Bring your own hair dryer and towels as they only supply 2.Breakfast was your normal English, Cereal and a varierty of eggs, bacon, sausage toast etc.I found the staff both day time and night porters all very helpful. Location is great as the tube line has covent garden, leicester square, knightsbridge and picadilly circus all just a few stops away on the same line. We never intend to stay in the rooms for any length of time as on a 2 day break you are tring to squeeze everything in. For this purpose I would recommend it to friends.	
Feb 26 2009 	Location/Price cannot be beaten	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on the weekend of 22nd Feb. I got it for £99 train/hotel package, as the previous reviewer had. For this pricei really dont think anyone could have any compliants, depends of course what you think you should get for that price!In my opinion it was a solid 2-3* hotel - yes it could have done with a bit of an image overhaul. but personally, I'm not going to London to study the reception area of my hotel. My room was of a good size, with a separate toilet and bath/shower. The room was as clean as any hotel room I have ever been in, and the flatscreen tv was a nice touch. The breakfast was ok, nothing special, but I was happy enough that it was included, again for the £99 I would have been fully prepared to go out and get brekkie!Hotel is in a good location, opposite Russell Square tube, and there are some nice pubs and restaurants around if you dont fancy venturing back in for a meal at night, hoewever its not so far if you do. I have stayed in a few hotels in London, and while this doesnt stand out from the others, I've stayed in MUCH worse than this, and paid much more!I would happily recommend this to anyone looking for a well priced hotel, fairly centrally located in London. So long as you are not expecting the Ritz (who could for what it costs!) then I think that most people would find it suited their needs!	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Location Terrible Service	We have just got back from a two-night stay at this hotel, and I have to agree with most of the previous comments......you get what you pay for.Yes, it is centrally located and quite cheap (we stayed as part of a £99 Train/Hotel deal), but it is ran by people who make Basil Fawlty look well organised!At one a.m on our first night we were woken by the fire alarms going off. Panicking, we dressed and ran down four flights of stairs to find the night porters (who speak VERY poor english) running around like headless chickens. We stood outside with the other guests-including babies and disabled children-until the fire brigade came and found NO FIRE, the alarms were set off by &quot;steam&quot; from the kitchens. Annoyed, we returned to bed just to be woken at 7.30 a.m by the alarms again.....and again there was no organisation and no fire. The staff did not explain or apologise to the guests for a terrible nights sleep. And it is awful to think if there really was a fire, then we would have to rely on a bunch of hopeless porters!!The breakfast was alright, a buffet-style english breakfast with the usual bacon, sausage etc. Don't pay for the evening meal, GO OUT!!Overall, I think if we hadn't have been unfortunate enough to be woken by the fire alarms then I would have probably given the hotel a three-out-of-five rating.Oh, and the lobby stinks of fish.......I don't know why!!Dawn x	
Feb 17 2009 	would stay elsewhere next time	My husband &amp; I stayed here for Valentine's weekend. We booked the hotel as part of a British Airways package. The location of the hotel was fine as the neighborhood was nice and the Russell Square tube station is just a block away. However there are so many tube stations throughout London that it shouldn't be hard to find a nicer hotel near a tube station. The hotel uses keys (not key cards) for their rooms, which you deposit with the porter when you leave for the day. We were never asked to show any kind of identification to pick up our room key which concerned me about the security of belongings we left in our room. Our airfare/hotel package also came with continental breakfast which consisted mainly of toast, canned fruits and cold cereals, nothing special.The room was decently sized with one double bed, a sitting chair and small desk. The bathroom was a bit small with a narrow shower and the toilet was so close to the door you couldn't open the door while sitting down. Only 2 small scratchy towels were provided.Overall the hotel and rooms were shabby though clean. I'd say this hotel is similar to a Motel 6 in the USA. Our room was part of a package but I believe the rooms were around 90pounds a night and I would have been disappointed if I had paid that. I'd suggest looking somewhere else.	
Feb 15 2009 	You get what you pay for!	The hotel is within easy walking distance (15min) from Euston Station and is located 200 yards from Russell Square tube station which is 2 stops away from Leicester Square.I paid £90 for a double room with full English breakfast on a Saturday night, which for Central London is a very cheap. The decor of the hotel needs a bit of an upgrade but we found the bedroom clean and of a reasonable size. The breakfast was OK but nothing special and the service was poor - no one individual was overseeing the service and this was apparent in the service provided.There were a few bars within crawling distance but with Soho and Leicester Square within a few minutes on the tube you are spoiled for choice.I would recommend staying here if you are on a budget as it is in a good location and reasonably priced.	
Feb 15 2009 	Standard Accommodation in Russell Square London	My mate and I (both in our early 20's) stayed here twice, once in December of '08 and once in January of ’09, on our fifth and fourteenth (final) stops on a round the world trip. We found the President Hotel to be a comfortable hotel, with quality rooms, good staff, but poor breakfast.We stayed in a standard room, which included two single beds, a cupboard, widescreen TV (on 2nd visit) or a normal TV (on 1st visit), a kettle, draws, heater, clothes press and a simple bathroom including a sink, bath/shower and toilet. The room was by no means luxurious, but it was comfortable and clean. The shower had tremendous water pressure and the water temperature could be controlled easily. Unfortunately, the shower curtain encroached a little on our limited space, but that was just a small annoyance. Otherwise, the room itself was very comfortable.The hotel also offered free wireless internet in their lounge area. Unfortunately, the speed of connection was dependent on where you sat and how many other people were accessing it at the same time. I was using it while a group of 10 to 15 American school people were trying to use it and I found that it was incredibly slow, but when I moved to another position, the coverage all of a sudden sped up dramatically.In terms of the breakfasts offered by the hotel, guests were offered a Continental or English style. We paid for the English style on our booking, and I wasn’t impressed by the breakfasts at all and wished that we had only paid for the basic continental breakfast. The range offered wasn’t bad, but the fact that the scrambled eggs, bacon and toast were all cold, the juices weren’t cold or chilled and the fruit was rather sour wasn’t good. It was just not how I like to start my day. With this being said, the second and briefer stay we had at this hotel in January ’09, the breakfast was a lot better, but I would still not suggest that it was a good breakfast at all.The location of the hotel was fantastic. Being just around the corner from Russell Square Tube station allowed for an easy train ride to and from Heathrow Airport along the Piccadilly line and then also an easy one stop ride to Kings Cross/St Pancreas Station, which is the London international station for Eurostar. The city proper was about a 10 minute walk, the British Museum was a 5 minute walk and then there were a couple of good restaurants around the area, including Munchkins (just past directly opposite the British Museum entrance) and Pizza Express.This hotel was only one of two that we booked through the hotel itself for our entire trip. It is right next to the Imperial Hotel, which is a relation to this hotel, but more expensive. For what I saw, the two hotels were very similar and yet the President Hotel was considerably cheaper.While on the topic of money, let me give all those who haven’t been to London a small word of advice in terms of the currency. Don’t look at something you’re considering buying and convert it back to your home currency. Look at it and think about whether it’s cheap compared to similar products that you are choosing from. Watch what you spend or put a limit on your pound spending, but don’t convert back until the end of your trip. Food, drink, attraction entrances, they’re all expensive and even more so when converting back to your home currency. But you have to eat, you have to drink and you have to experience London.I’ve attached a couple of pictures for people to view how the rooms look. Please excuse the mess.So in all, London was an interesting place and if I do go back to London, the President Hotel is where I’d stay… just without the breakfast.	
Feb 3 2009 	Not bad	Stayed in the hotel for four nights, i booked it because i stayed there when on a course in london last year and i thought it was ok what i can remember ,its very close to the westend shows and everything you could wish to see in london is not to far away.Downside to this hotel is the door to peoples room closed with a loud bang and it can get on your nerves in time,breakfast (english) was horrible very cold and you could tile your room with the toast it was that hard but we ate it anyway because we paid for it, staff very good and plesent clean rooms etc all in all its good for people on a budget and do not want to pay a high price for a central hotel in london.	
Jan 11 2009 	Good value great location	We stayed 2 nights at The President as part of a National Express package. So convenient to the Tube and within easy walking to many tourist sites. Our room was large &amp; quiet with clean towels, although I must say the carpets in room and halls very tired. Flat screen TV in room. Lots of tourists on packages made breakfast busy, but included in our price was the steam table English breakfast, not good value otherwise. Staff always pleasant. If this hotel is an indication as part of the Imperial group, good value and great locations.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good location in London	The best thing about this hotel is it's location. We landed at Heathrow airport and caught the train direct to Russell Square (Piccadilly LIne, approx 45 minutes and 4 pounds). Reception staff are miserable however porters are very friendly and helpful. We had continental breakfast included in our package, however this was dismal and we paid an extra 4 pounds to upgrade to cooked breakfast (worth paying). Hotel rooms are good for London and the room was nice and warm. Bathroom was clean with good shower. For price paid, I think this hotel is good basic London accommodation.	
Jan 3 2009 	Certanly not the best	I was there for 2 nights.As soon as i opened the door a fish-smell gave me a worm welcome.Receptionist very coldRoom was ok for 2 adults but the temperature was too high without any way to control it.There is not any air condition system.The bath was ok but i have to asked for an hairdryer and i have had to deposit 10 GBP for an orrible unit.At the same time i have asked for a second towel. (just 1 towel for person...is the default) This time no deposit.The AC outlet inside the bath was not working: i gave the info to the &quot;information desk&quot; at the reception, the gentleman has taken a note but nothing has be done. If you need a continental breackfast while you are with a english breackfast fan, wel you can look elsewhere for your breackfast.Windows of my room look at an hospital and as a final when i checked out, quite early in the day, i have asked for a secure storage of my luggage: i'm gonna take that in the afternoon: well for the first time i was asked to pay for this service.A good point is how the hotel is close to the Russel Square Tube but, in my opinion, this is not enough to decide to be back to this hotel.	
Jan 1 2009 	nice place-friendly people	We stayed for seven nights,booked over agency,price is fer for center of London.We bought Oyster card and spend about 30 Pounds each for trips to all places of interest.I must say we traveled a lot around.Hotel room was big double king size bed.Bathroom clean and big for two.TV.Hairdryer and power adapter ,have to ask and pay security money.Room cleaned every day and clean towels to.Computer for checking e-mail works on coins in the loby.Best think for us was ,continental breakfast,eat as much as you can from 7 to 10.Tea,coffee,milk,hot chocolate,orange juice,bread and toast,marmelade and jam,butter,oranges and grapefruit and dried prums,cornflakes and muesly.Clean dining room(restaurant).We could pay some amount for full English breakfast,but if you like to walk around do not eat to much greasy food.We had only good diner in the evening and walked for miles around museums,galleries and sights of tourist interests.My wife loved London eye.Price is not too high(15 Pounds) for what you see on bright day.Do not go if it is cloudy ore rainy day. Try not to go every day in the museums and galleries.We spend to much time in and nearly get sick of to much nice things.	
Jan 1 2009 	It was an acceptable hotel	Waiting staff in the breakfast room were very good and very nice, dispite other guests sitting near us being openly rude and dismissive to them! Breakfast was good lots of choice and cooked excellently.The rooms were very acceptable, bathroom was spacious and shower was very powerful. Clean and enough room to get ready for the night out we had planned. Down side was the reception staff - we had multiple rooms booked they had not allocated enough rooms although it was printed on the fax confirmation they had received and had attached to our booking.They could not understand what the problem was when they booked one of our guests who was supposed to be in a single room into a twin room which had been advised to them was for two other guests, as the two other guests did not want to share a bed! But never mind, all was sorted in the end - and an enjoyable stay was had by all.	
Dec 6 2008 	Nothing Special but worth the money.	Visited London on our honeymoon. Went a few days early before we headed out on a British Isles cruise. The President Hotel was close to Russell Tube Station, which made it easy for us to get to from Heathrow. No taxi needed from the Tube station, a short walk around the corner and it stares you in the face. Check in was easy and quick. We were on the third floor and there was elevators to use.The room was not huge but enough space to place luggage and still move around. The bathrooms were recently upgraded and the towels were soft. The t.v was small but adequate enough to fall asleep too. We were looking for a place close to transit, at a reasonable price. The morning breakfast was included in our price and was a simple English breakfast, scrambled, toast, sausage, juices, beans, tomato's, cereals. Nice because food isn't cheap in London.The only thing is the key ring they give you. If you stay here you will notice. The first day I didn't know you could leave it with the concierge, and pick it up when you return from a full day of site seeing. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for clean, comfortable, close to transit place to stay.	
Nov 29 2008 	Nice hotel!	It was my first stay in London. I came for 4 days to meet my old friend who lives on another continent but happened to be in London on official trip. I also live in another country and we decided it will be a good opportunity to see in a third country and to explore London. In general I can say I was satisfied with the hotel.What I liked:+ First of all, great location!!! The metro station - Russel Square - is just one minute walk!+ The British Museum is also one minute walk! I used to walk on foot a lot around the city and I could reach almost any destination from the hotel within 1 hour enjoying the sites of London!+ The staff was very friendly and polite and ready to help at any moment.+ The room was very cosy and clean! They changed beddings every morning when we were out and cleaned the room.+ The cost of the rooms is very reasonable especially for this location!+ I asked for Continental Breakfast but (may be by mistake?) they provided us with English Breakfast (and did not take extra money) so we enjoyed nice food! I liked sausages especially. + They have a nice 24-hours bar and the dishes are big and tasty there!And some issues to note (however it did not disturb our holidays!):- When I booked a room I asked for a double bed, however we were provided with a twin bed room... They said they can offer us a double bed room next morning. But we decided we can manage twin bed! :)- We needed a safe deposit but President hotel did not have it and we had to use the one at hotel Imperial.- The sink had 2 separate taps - for cold and hot water and I am used to one tap with normal warm water! It was not convenient!- We did not have enough tea and coffee in the room...- The walls are a bit thin. I could hear what was happening in the next room at night!!!:)But we enjoyed our stay in London. We actually used the hotel to sleep after long sightseeings and we really appreciated the location!!!The hotel is nice and I would stay here next time (I hope they will provide me with the bed I request!!!)	
Nov 22 2008 	Great Value for Money!	The President Hotel, is a 3* hotel, and does exactly as it says on the tin!Great location - 2 minutes from the Russell Square tube station.Restaurant - Canteen style table layout, extremely busy, and could do with being bigger for the number of rooms.Food - hot and tasty, everything is self service, bacon, eggs, beans, toast, sausage available, as well as cereals ect.Rooms - not overly large, but as you would expect for London, compact and practical. Hairdryers in the room, not the most powerful. Room facilities adequate, shower lovely and powerful, therefore refreshing. Shampoo ect in the rooms.There is a Thai restaurant just around the corner from the hotel - left out the hotel and then left again on to the main street - about a two minute walk up on the right hand side. Fantastic food, well priced and good service.Would I return to the hotel - yes I would, it offered good value for money, clean and good location. I am a travel agent, and often arranged theatre breaks to London, and would certainly recommend this hotel if it met my customers requirements.If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.Alison	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Hotel	After reading some of the reviews for this hotel I was not sure what to expect! We stayed at the President Hotel for one night, Nov 3rd and found the staff very friendly and helpful, the double room was clean and comfortable, the only problem I found was that there was not enough tea and coffee in the room just enough for one cup each per person, had to buy some teabags and milk, I am sure if I had asked I could have got extra. The breakfast was very good with a good selection. I was very pleased that we had booked this hotel. I have stayed in other hotels in and around London and this one was by far the best.	
Nov 5 2008 	British Eccentricity at its Best	This hotel is pretty weak by North American standards, but guess what? You're not in Kansas anymore Toto! You're in the heart of one of the most beautiful Cities in the world and if you are going to let dated decor, small rooms, the most ridiculous key fobs in the world, and a front desk staff that barely speaks english spoil your holiday then you are missing the point.The President offers the perfect place to lay your head after a long day of siteseeing. My room was clean and comfortable although the TV only had one channel, BBC World, and the remote was missing. The shower was hot and had good pressure although if you stay in too long like I did one day while fighting off a hangover the steam will set off the fire alarm and you will get a phone call or a knock on the door.If you're in the mood for a hot breakfast skip the hotel restaurant and head over to the cafe in Russell Square for a full english breakfast - not as crowded and you'll get to hang with the locals.And if you're in a hurry take the stairs!	
Nov 1 2008 	Excellent value for money	I stayed here for 6 nights Oct 26 to Nov 1. I had stayed here 20 years ago and it was nice then. I am happy to report it was even better now.People, especially those from North America and Australia should understand that hotel rooms in Central London are small. That's just the way it is. I did alot of research in advance and decided to stay here based on my previous experience, the rate, and the location. I booked a single room on the Imperial Hotel website for 70 GBP per night for bed and breakfast. This is the same rate that is posted outside the hotel. I arrived on a Sunday morning at 9:30 after an overnight flight from the USA. Happily, I was able to check into my room straight away-which was very nice. I had a single room on the top (7th) floor overlooking the inner courtyard--while the view was uninspiring it was quiet. The room had private bathroom (shower only), trouser press, tea/coffee making, and TV with satellite channels and 4 radio stations. The single bed was extremely comfortable. You could also open the window for fresh air. The bathroom was very nice--always almost instant hot water. The shower was a bit small, but was not a problem. I could have borrowed a hair dryer but brought my own with me. Included with my reservation was a free dinner at the hotel the 1st night. | could have taken dinner at 3 other Imperial Hotel properties in the area but chose to dine in the hotel. Very nice 3 course meal. While I never took Room Service the menu in the room had a nice selection at very reasonable prices. I reserved one coach tour directly from the hotel concierge. They can also book other tours, theater tickets, etc. They had free WiFi in their lobby and Atrium area which connects the President and the Imperial Hotels. I didn't bring my laptop, but there were always several people who did. I asked someone about the connection and they said it was fine--i.e. not overly slow. There is a Barclay's Bank on premises and an outdoor ATM. The Russell Square Tube station is just around the corner. Very convenient. My sheets and towels were changed daily. A couple times I put a pencil mark on my sheets so I could tell they had been changed. A &quot;full English Breakfast&quot; was included in the rate. They always had fried eggs, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fried tomatoes, toast, peaches, grapefruit, apple and orange juice, and tea and coffee. It was buffet style. It was excellent. After a hearty breakfast I found I was pretty well for the day. Many central London hotels only offer a &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; or none at all. You can upgrade to a full breakfast for 10 to 15 GBP extra.I believe this is one of the best tourist class hotels in central London. Wholeheartedly recommenend.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nice hotel - good value!	Just returned from London and Paris and stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and then again a week later for 1 night. Both rooms we stayed in were very clean, beds were comfortable, and the ammenities were what we expected for this level of hotel in London. Had a hairdryer, coffree maker, nice , modern bathrooms - one with a shower and one with a tub. TV with several channels. Rooms, although not large by North American standards, were quite adequate and nicely decorated. We had a nice view over looking the park on our second stay but the first stay was facing the street above the main enterence. Noisy at night from people on the street and sirens (ambulances I think as there was a hospital in the area).Location is ideal. Russell Street Undergound Station only a block away as well as bus stops that made for easy travel to all the favorate tourist attractions, shopping and theatre. There is shopping and pubs in the area as well. Friend at Hand pub just a block away was our favorate place to eat outside the hotel. We had a contential breakfast included and although choices were limited it was a good value. Had dinner also in the hotel dining room and it was excellent. Staff in all areas were efficient but not overly friendly - especially in the dining room. Seemed that they were just getting though the day and not especially enjoying their job. I was somewhat apprehensive about this hotel considering some of the reviews I read beforehand but was pleasantly surprised and would recommended this hotel to anyone looking for a good, economical place to stay in London - but not for those expecting luxury. PS First morning started with the fire alarm and full evacuation of the hotel early in the morning - catching many people in the shower or still in bed. Everyone spent about 30 minutes on the sidewalk as the firetrucks arrived and the hotel was checked out - but thankfully it was a false alarm. Although an inconvience staff handled the evacuation very professionally and were obviously well trained in procedures and this experience made me feel safer in this large building knowing that the alarm system works and staff know what to do if a real emergency arose.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great location	Given some of the reviews I read, I was not sure what to expect. HOwever, my son and I were pleasantly suprised. Great location, incredible staff- especially the porters, and a &quot;not bad&quot; continental breakfast.Our room was comfortable and quiet.Would I book it again- definitely. It was a bargain, and for the price we got much more than we thought we would.Plan on returning next year with my husband, and will book the same package with the same hotel.Niagara Falls, Ontario	
Oct 22 2008 	Good location	First time staying in london. Got to the hotel, it seemed good from the outside, with a 5 minute cab journey from Euston station.Foyer seemed nice, friendly staff. Got to our room on the 5th floor.. very dated room, with not much space.As we stayed for 2 nights we were offered a complimentry 3 course meal. As soon as i finished my starter the plate wooshed away from me as soon as i put the spoon down. Main meal was very dire.. with mushy veg and hard potatoes!Didnt sleep very well the first night we were there, the bed clothes consist of a sheet, a pancake thin cover and a very itchy blanket, and not so cosy pillows. Found the room to be very dusty.Bathroom was a standard size, pretty clean, although the bath was tiny!Breakfast is a buffet style, even though your engulfed with the scent of mackrel as soon as you step out of the lifts or into the reception. Table cloths were dirty, seats get stolen but the food was good and again your plates are wooshed away from you.One good thing about the hotel was its location, we walked down southampton row, to find that we were minutes away from the river thames and the sights, ideal because we went ont he london eye. The location was also close to where you embark the tour bus.The porters were very friendly, one even flagged us a cab to get back to Euston station.Really, i didnt care about the hotel. I was down london to celebrate and i did, so i hardly had to be in the room.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great location	There really isn't anything wrong with this Hotel. I went in expecting nothing given some of the reviews here and was pleasantly surprised. It's a very large hotel in a great location (walking distance to the theatre area, Leicester Square, the British Museum is across the street and there is a tube stop about a 3 minute walk away), our room was a good size, there was lots of hot water for showers etc, the desk staff was very helpful (especially the porters) etc. Our room was cleaned every day, fresh bedding put on the beds, clean towels provided etc. We had free continental breakfast with our room and once again there really wasn't anything wrong with it.....for those who don't know the definition of a continental breakfast is 'light simple breakfast, usually consisting of tea, coffee, rolls, cereal and fruit'......all that is provided....for 4 pounds you can upgrade to the full English breakfast. We even had dinner in the restaurant one night (had a two for once coupon with our booking) and there wasn't anything wrong with our dinner it was pretty tasty. Yes the internet is painfully slow but there is an internet cafe down the street (ask the porter he will tell you where it is). This is a budget hotel, you can't go in expecting too much. As for the noise levels, you stay in any hotel in a major city and you have to deal with outside noise, bring ear plugs if you have too, I did and they worked great. If you don't have a lot of money to spend on a hotel and want to be central and have easy access to stuff this hotel is perfect.	
Oct 14 2008 	Second visit 	Leaving booking an hotel in London to the last minute in the hope of getting a bargain doesn't always work out. With limited options I ended-up back at the President Hotel in full knowledge of how bad it was the first time. This time the first room that I was given had a bed that seemed to be made of lots of metal springs covered in a thin layer of grubby looking material. I asked to move straight away. The second room had a better bed but the bedding (pillows, blanket, bed cover) were very smelly. It's possible that seven different people sleep in these beds each week yet this hotel doesn't think to wash anthing other than the sheets and pillow cases - that's like putting clean clothes onto a dirty body. Breakfast is a farce and the all-pervading smell of fish that greets you on entering the hotel foyer is even stronger in the restaurant to the point that ones clothes end-up smelling!Housekeeping is poor and the room didn't ever feel clean.The porters are great, always friendly and cheerful.	
Oct 8 2008 	Average hotel...great location	This is a large hotel in a great area. Russell Square just across the street was very restful in late September and the British Museum was only a few minutes walk from the hotel.The room was nice although it was noisy on the street facing Russel Square, Southhampton Row. There was a kettle, coffee, tea and a trouser press in the room. The breakfast area was separated into those with the continental breakfast and those with the regular english breakfast. Both areas were quite crowded each time I was there. The toast was pretty dry with the continental breakfast. There are a variety of restaurants just down the street. Easy to catch city tour buses close by. The hotel did not pass along a FAX from our travel agent about a cancelled tour.	
Oct 5 2008 	London Baby !!	Was very unsure of how good this hotel was given previous comments but i was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and professionalism of the president, The Hotel is in good condition with lots of ammenities the only down side was the breakfast wasn't very good but all in all for the price this was a great hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great location	Stayed for three nights in this hotel with my son. The location is perfect and despite other reports on a very very basic standard I was positively surprised. Well, its a ordinary and busy hotel and breakfast is basic even if you upgrade from comtinental to english but I found the place quite comfortable considering the price. The staff was nice. Will return.	
Oct 4 2008 	Well worth the money	I stayed at this hotel just a couple of days ago. To be honest, this is a hotel well worth the money. It’s cheap, clean, with friendly staff and located within walking distance to a lot of things in London like SoHo and Covent Garden. I would definitely recommend this hotel to all of you that think that it’s more important with location and value for money rather than flat screen TV’s.	
Oct 2 2008 	Fourth Time at the Prez	Cannot praise this tourist-class hotel enough.Rooms clean and comfortable.Great location, Bloomsbury, with Russell Square park on one side and tiny little jewel Queen Square on the other.Easy walk to Theatreland, Piccadilly, Leicester Square, Charing Cross book shops, The Strand, the river, etc., etc.Helpful, polite staff.Complimentary newspapers in lobby every morning,Reasonably priced roomservice.Good English breakfast in dining room included in the very reasonable room rate, or can have it delivered to your room via room service for a small additional charge.This is our base in London, very happy with it.It's not hip, contemporary, luxe or fashionable. We don't look for those things in a hotel, if you do, look elsewhere.But for clean and comfortable basics at an excellent rate, this is a fine place.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good clean hotel.	When we booked this hotel we weren't expecting much judging by the reviews we read. We needed to stay in London for two nights last minute and booked directly through the hotels website. We got a special offer where you got a free 3 course meal with the choice of several of the hotel chains restaurants. We felt that this was a good deal as to get a hotel in Central London for the price we paid and with a meal which would have cost about £40 is excellent. We have stayed at many hotels in London as we travel there 3-4 times a year and since our stay have used this hotel regularly. As the other reviews say this hotel is basic without a minibar or fancy toiletries but in my experience these don't get used anyway. I would rather walk to the nearby shop for a can of coke than pay £2.00 from a minibar and I always take my own toiletries when travelling. Check-in was simple and we were given our rooms straight away even though it was 8am. The rooms are a reasonable size for London and were clean. There are tea and coffee making facilities but if you're not fussed on their coffee try the pret a manger over the road. The bathroom was a reasonable size with a bath and shower. The hotel also offers room service which was a reasonable price by London hotel standards. I paid about £10 for a all day breakfast and a drink and it was plentiful. Our rate included the full English breakfast which was pretty much the same as in any London hotel which we enjoyed as it set us up for the day. The meal we had included in our rate was excellent. We chose the carvery restaurant in the hotel and enjoyed a roast lamb dinner with a salad starter and a fruit salad/ huge black forest gateaux for dessert. Would definitely recommend!The hotel is part of a chain in Bloomsbury and you can use the other hotels facilities during your stay.The location of the hotel is excellent as it is just behind Russell Square tube station and its also near the newly refurbished Brunswick shopping centre with plenty of shops and restaurants and a large Waitrose. The hotel is also a short distance to central attractions such as Oxford Street and Covent Garden. The pub near the hotel 'The friend at hand' also serves excellent food at a reasonable price.For the price we paid we were happy with the accommodation. If you want luxury, you will not get it this cheap in central London.	
Sep 28 2008 	A great base for a city trip	I'd recommend this basic, but clean, friendly large hotel if you're unfamiliar with London and want a good base, a big breakfast and friendly staff. it is within walking distance of Oxford Street and St Paul's Cathedral, and provided you've got an a-z, you'll be fine.We were there, sadly, because a member of my family was having surgery at a hospital which was a minute's walk away. So, if you need to use it is a base for that reason, it is great also. Near some good restaurants and pubs.The breakfast was large and cooked. The dining room was slightly unatmospheric but the rooms were clean, and the public areas were welcoming and bright. Nicest staff I have met anywhere, especially considering the stress we were under.Nearest tube (1 minute walk:) Russell Square. I would definitely use this place as a base again. Only £70 a night which I think for London is great value.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great Location But...	Older hotel in need of refurbishment! Just returned from 7 nights stay. We had a decent sized room with queen bed, a wardrobe, small set of drawers and older tv with few working channels. The room was clean and serviced well every day by housekeeping. The bathroom was small with no fan, and the toilet seat had several large cracks in it. The shower was powerful with lots of hot water. The mattress was old but not too uncomfortable, however, the pillows were extremely thin &amp; in need of replacement. We could hear people in the rooms on either side of us quite easily and doors slammed shut if you didn't ease them closed. The location was convenient to restaurants, cafe's and convenience stores and the Russell Square tube station was only 1 block away. It was quite noisy outside at night and early morning even with windows closed (and we were on the 5th floor on the quiet side away from the busy street). The included continental breakfast was a meager selection of cold, hard, pre-made toast, 4 types of cereal and orange &amp; grapefruit wedges, tea &amp; coffee. You could upgrade to add eggs, bacon, sausage &amp; beans for $15.00 Most of the staff was friendly &amp; helpful except woman at check in. Overall ok, but we'll try somewhere else next time.	
Sep 14 2008 	Better than expected!	I wasn't expecting much from this hotel after reading reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. The keys were on the most ridiculous enormous keyrings I have ever seen in my life, but at least you didn't forget to hand it in! The room was clean and well presented. Breakfast was nothing out of the ordinary but it was ok. The hotel was very well located as well; we could walk to the theatre and to Oxford Street for the shops. The price was realistic for the hotel; if you want something more impressive, you have to pay for it, especially in London!	
Sep 7 2008	Never Again!!!	Where to start.... I would not recommend this hotel to anyone! I would rather pay a little extra and stay somewhere that you are treated like a human beings. I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights thinking it would be great but unfortunately it was 4 nights to long. When we arrived all i requested was if we could have a walk in shower and it took 3 different staff members telling me three different things which made it very confusing and working in a hotel back home i knew that this wasnt going to be a good hotel. Not only did these three staff members all have attitude with me while i was standing at the counter waiting a lady who was stayin there who didnt speak much english asked this one young girl something and she pretty much should have just said sorry i couldnt care less what u want go and see someone else. I had enough of the rudeness so asked to speak to the Manager and the lady who was in charge didnt really care what I had to say either. On my last day i couldnt get out of their quick enough. I made sure my travel agent was aware of what went on while i was there but as soon as she spoke to them they stopped passing on our phone messages and not putting calls through to our room (so we found out when we got home and had friends and family telling us they left messages). Anyways just to end my complaint I would like to finish up and say DONT GO THERE!!	
Aug 28 2008 	Good Value	For anyone wanting a reasonable hotel with a good location, this will fit the bill. Although it could be doing with a lick of paint in some of the public areas, the rooms are clean and of reasonable size. The shower is powerful and has plenty of hot water.Recomend this hotel for anyone on an overnight business stay.	
Aug 28 2008 	Pay your money and take youe choice	We stayed at the President for 3 nights and it is what you would expect from a budget hotel.The rooms are clean and the staff are ok but not in the restaurant.The staff in the reastaurant dont appear to be trained as they think you serve a bowl of soup by passing it down the table and the chef started ranting when I started to serve myself the veg from the carvery, he was shouting&quot;dont serve yourself...I do it&quot; he then piled my plate with stuff I did not want and I think this was because the food was so bad that it would not reflect on him if it went in the bin instead of being left on the serving table as leftovers.The hotel is well situated and is the place to stay if you are on a tight budget but dont expect top class service.	
Aug 27 2008 	Nice hotel	The hotel is nice, better than most hotels in London. Good location, next to the British Museum and 15 minutes to Trafalgar Square and Picadilly. Next to the tube, as well. The staff is kind. We had a problem with the room, because it was very noisy and we asked them to change the room and they will solve the problem inmediately. Continental breakfast is not varied. If I returned to London, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Reasonable Hotel for London	We stayed in the President Hotel last week and our view was that it was ok a liitle tired and in need of some TLC1. The Rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable2. The breakfast needs to be avoided at all costs do not bother..We had breakfast at the Waverley Hotel which is approx 200 yards away on the main road and it is £5.95 all in inc Hot coffee etc etc and this is god value served 7am - 11am ish3. The staff are friendly and the location is good for the west endetcOne thing they start cleaning the rooms from 8am so if you want a lie in I suggest you get a do not disturb sign !!!!!There are better places ...but you pays yer money!!!! not sure what the Waverley charges but it looks really good !CheersBill and Julie	
Jul 28 2008 	absolutly dreadful	my heart dropped as we rounded the corner to this hotel. everything was drab, lifeless and everything was poor quality, including the reception staff. the porters were the only good thing about this hotel, they were always helpful and courteous. The room was horrible. our sheets and blanket were old and torn, the towels were threadbare and the toilet looked like hadnt been cleaned since it had been installed. overall i would not recomend to anyone	
Jul 22 2008 	Much Better Than I Expected	This hotel was part of a Transat Tour and I was a little nervous when I read some of the reviews on Trip Advisor. Granted, this is not the Ritz, but the hotel was fine. The room was clean and not nearly as small as I thought. The bathroom had been newly renovated. All the staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful. Yes, the continental breakfast was a little boring after 7 days but it wasn't horrible. Our room over looked Russell Square which is a very lovely park. There was some noise from the street and the street was busy all night. But it wasn't unbearable at all and both my daughter and I slept soundly every night. The neighbourhood felt safe. There is everything with minutes of the hotel, a bank machine, great pub, lots of little restaurants, grocery store, mini mart and the Russell Square subway stop. It was a great hotel to stay in to explore London. In the lobby of the hotel there are internet terminals for 1 Pound for 15 minutes. We had a laptop with wireless and could use it in the hotel lobby area. The British Museum is a very short walk away 3 - 5 minutes. If you wanted to do a Hop on Hop off Bus Tour it is 2 minutes from the hotel. I recommend getting an Oyster Card if you will be using the Subway for travel.	
Jul 22 2008 	Nothing special just o.k	We stayed in the president for the week end. The location is very good. Near to all sites in London and a quiet and calm area.Hotel price is high for what you get. Compared to other European destination its max, a 2 star hotel. Rooms are clean and o.k. Continental breakfast is very, very simple. So we did'nt go on the 2nd day. The rooms are sticky and noisy, lots of trucks coming in the early morning and collect rubbish and ... Would not recommend this hotel but I think it could be even worse in London.	
Jul 21 2008 	great location	I booked to stay in a double room in April 2008. I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. My room was ready a little while before check-in which was greatThe room was clean. Towels and bed linen were changed and also soap/shampoo mini bottles Daily. The room was standard. Decent size bathroom with large mirror on wall. Tv with good reception, Trouser press, wardrobe with a full length mirror inside when open with quite a few hangers inside. There are tea/coffee making facilities but to be honest the tea was very stale which i didnt enjoy. My room was on the top floor at the back of the hotel which i didnt mind as i requested a high floor. The back rooms in the hotel are noisy early morning as there are delivery vans. This was rather loud and woke me up but its not a major problem as at the end of the day your staying in a very busy city and this is expected. Breakfast was very nice. Guest can have as much as they want, Lots of choice, such as bacon eggs, beans, toast,sausage,cerial,milk, fresh orange, tea,coffee, eggs,kippers,tomatoes,fruit. Breakfast rooms are divided into two rooms. One for English full breakfast the other for continental. Every morning at breakfast time there is a very strong smell of kippers. I found this very funny but it did not put me off the hotel.Hotel staff were pleasant.Information desk is located in hotel where guests can purchase attraction tickets and theatre tickets etc. Internet access located in seating area near reception. The hotel was in such a great location, so close to Russell Square tube station. Also very close to cash machines/banks, post office,mini markets,restaurants and tesco mini market opposite tube station. Not far from the hotel theres a great pub which serves a set menu which are reasonably priced.From London Kings Cross station the hotel takes a few mins in a taxi or a little longer by foot. I got a taxi to and from the hotel and the price ranged from £5.50 - £7.50 one way.I would deffinatley recommend this hotel and will visit again.	
Jul 19 2008 	British Museum fans stay here	We stayed here for 2 nights for free. The cost would have been 93 pounds/nt for a double, which is $185 nowadays. London hotels are expensive, and the pound is strong, so if that is the price range you would like for a simple hotel in a good location, this is a nice option. It is very close to the Russel Square tube stop, and right off the Russel Square park (which has a lovely cafe). The British Museum is a couple short blocks away, and then Charing Cross Road which leads to all sorts of cute shopping streets, Old Compton Street (the gay area) and then to Leicester Square. I was skeptical when I saw this hotel on a map, but in reality, the location was ideal. The hotel itself looks a little lackluster. It could use a makeover. But our room was fine. It had a strong shower, a view of the park, a simple decor with a comfortable bed. I didn't like the florescent lighting, or the plastic (I am not sure what it was) between the mattress and our sheets which you could hear when you moved around on the bed. However, I slept fine, and was happy here. The continental breakfast was included for us, and it had cereal, bread and coffee/tea and juice in a nice large room with a skylight. There was free wi-fi in this salon as well. The distance from Heathrow to this hotel was about 1 hour on the Picadilly tube...no transfer required. I heard there are faster ways to make this journey, but I loved not having to change trains. And it was only 4 pounds ($8) for the one way ticket. My next trip to London I would like to stay in a different hotel in a different location, but this one worked out fine for this visit. The area felt very residential, which was nice.	
Jul 11 2008 	Certainly a good pick	This hotel is a lovely hotel in a great location in Russel Square. It is extremely close to many bus stops and the Russel Square tube station, there is also a tesco extra around the corner to get any food or supplies that you may need. The one thing that I would mention about the location is that across the road from the hotel is a very, very noisy bar. The music goes on and on until all hours which is a huge let down to the hotel itself as they cannot do anything to prevent this. This however, did stop me from sleeping. If you book (I think it's 2 or more nights, you get a free 3 course roast dinner on the first night. This was gorgeous! The portions were a good size and were lovely tasting. There were about 8 different types of desserts to choose from too! The breakfast room in the morning is split into two rooms, a full english and a continental breakfast room. I has booked for a full english so I did not go into the other room, yet the food looked lovely in that end too. The full english however, had a great selection of foods varying from eggs, fruit, cereal, toast, bacon, tomatoes and lots more. It was gorgeous! The service was great, as the bell boys knew exactly what to do all the time. One of them even stood out in the terrential rain to catch me a cab! However, the staff on the reception desk were unfortunately not very knowledgable, all requests and queries got sent straight to the bell boys, but that was ok as they knew what to do.The rooms were quite standard but homely. Our room had a bath and a shower attatched and we had our own toilet. The only thing that I would mention about the rooms is that on the website it says that rooms will be equipped with a hairdryer and refridgerator, yet ours had neither of these privileges. If I'd have known this beforehand I would have brought my own hairdryer from home, but it worked out ok in the end. So overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in the Russel Square area. There are a few minor problems but if you think you can stand them then I would recommend the hotel indefinitely!	
Jul 11 2008 	Dreadful!	We stayed at the President for 2 nights and I can honestly say it's one of the worst hotels I've stayed in. The rooms were very basic which isn't something that normally bothers me but it wasn't particularly clean, the sink had a massive crack in it and it didn't even have a hairdryer! It was very noisy which you would expect considering its location but I found it impossible to sleep. The breakfast was very poor and the waiting staff were actually clearing plates from people who were still eating. I've stayed in much cheaper hotels in London and had far better quality so I would give The President a miss if you're planning a trip to the big smoke.	
Jun 26 2008 	Great City break	We went to London for a city break in January for 3 days.The President hotel is good if going for a few days.The hotel provides breakfast and a bar.It has internet access.Rooms are basic - TV-Bathroom and basic beds.Tube station is 2 minutes walk ( russel square) and convent Gardens is only 10 minutes away by taxi.To get to Oxford circus you would have to take the tube to holborn and change to the central line ( westbound ) and it's only 2 stops away.	
Jun 17 2008	Nice good location	We stayed here for 1 night as part of a weekend break away. Its in Russell Square which is a good location as it is in walking distance of the touristy places. We walked to the Thames and in the other direction we walked to Covent Garden / Leicester Square / China Town which took about 20 mins. I would recommend.	
Jun 14 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	The hotel was very nice in a great location. It was on Russell Square which has a route on the Picadilly line from Heathrow.The rooms were comfortable, but not luxurious. The breakfast was very good (included).If using the hotel reservation system do not fill in the Social Security Number. It is not necessary nor needed (if American).Russell Square was very nice and near to the West End for the shows.Buy an Oyster card for the Underground.	
May 17 2008 	Ï'll go again	I chose President president because of the good reviews here and that was not a mistake.I stayed in a 1st floor single room for two nights. The receptionist was nice enough to let me bring my luggage into the room despite she didn't know if it was already cleaned or not (at about noon). The quality of daily cleaning was good, in the bathroom too. The single room I had, was actually big enough for two people for a relatively short visit. The room wasn't perfectly soundproof; you could hear traffic in the street, doors being opened and people talking in the corridor, but that's not unheard of when it comes to British buildings, is it? However, I had no trouble getting some sleep. Most of the hotel guests seemed to be senior citizens from other European countries, so I can't say I heard anyone 'make noise'.If you are looking for luxury, you should go somewhere else. But if you just want to get a safe, clean and warm place to spend the night with still having some money to spend in the city, this is a fine choise.	
May 7 2008	Very Basic	The only positive thing i can say is it was clean. Room was small. Everything from the loo paper and soap to the tea bags and the breakfast was the cheapest possible that could be provided. Eating 'canteen style' at breakfast was not enjoyable. Don't eat the sausages they taste like sawdust as does the tea!	
May 6 2008 	Fair hotel	Ive just returned from a 2 night stay at the President hotel with my partner, We found the hotel was within perfect reach of Russell square tube, (2 min walk) which was great as we was going to see a show and other London attractions. Upon our arrival we were welcomed by the front of house staff, told where our room was etc. The lobby/ front of house, is very dated and we were rather concerned about what our room was going to be likeOur room 261 was great as we walked in it smelt clean it was a corner room so you get 2 very large windows which open fully, also it seemed to be refurbed not long ago as there was a slight smell of paint. The bath room was a good size no mold around the bath etc, Our only v small moan is the size of the towels.We cant comment on the food as we didnt eat in the hotel as we had early starts and long daysWould we go back... Yes	
May 4 2008 	Definitely a budget hotel	If you're expecting an American-type of hotel like the Hilton or the Mariott, this is not it. I would rate it as a 2-star hotel. The front desk-concierge staff wasn't bad (the Fillipino ones were the best). There were a lot of European hotel guests (didn't speak English) and I saw a Contiki tour group in the restaurant one morning. The continental breakfast was the same for each of the 9 days we stayed there: canned fruit, toast, tea and coffee, cereal, hot chocolate, white and whole wheat rolls, and jam and butter. For an extra 4 pounds, you can have the hot breakfast, but it looked very greasy to me. If you get a voucher for a half-price meal, be warned that they expect you to order the regular meal, not the smaller version. There is a very stern hostess at the front entrance of the resturant, the Carvery, to whom you must show your room slip with the Continental breakfast stamp on it before you are allowed to go through to the back where the continental crowd sit. The front area is for the hot breakfast crowd, and with her eagle eye, she'll make sure you paid to sit there. The subway, Russell Square, is one short block away - cross the street and go down the block and turn right. There is a Tesco 24 hour mini-mart right across the street from it so you can stock up on milk and sandwiches. The location is central, but you get what you pay for. The rooms are small but clean. The doors are heavy so they do slam rather loudly. I used the National Express dot-to-dot service to get there but you can use the tube from Heathrow. I may stay there again if the price is right.	
May 3 2008 	It is a good hotel	A family (including kid) stayed 7 nights in the hotel in the end of April 2008. Three remarks.1) The location is ideal! It is perfect! It is great of all possible opporunities! President is the large 3-star hotel (where one really can book a room for almost any season), which resides just in the heart of London. Add to that a huge supermarket in 3-minute walk, the view on the Russell square garden (from our room) and the underground station in 50 meters. Oh, and no serious street noise! This area is filled by other hotels, but all are more expensive.2) The hotel is clean, the staff is well trained and friendly.3) Breakfast is - h-mm... The menu is absolutely the same for each day of all 30 years this hotel exists and it is not rich. Tea and coffee are far from ideal. BUT. It is just London's way to feed her guests. In all hotels you will find the same: it is just traditional British breakfast. We have an experience with London hotels of higher leagues: precisely the same picture there. This is the way these Londoners eat at morning. It's a pity, really, but tells nothing wrong about this specific hotel. In conclusion: really good London budget hotel. We would like to stay there again.	
Apr 29 2008 	Nice hotel good lcoation	Arrived at hotel just after check in. Was given keys and instructed where to go. When we reached the room we found a maid cleaning it who told us it was not ready yet. So we went to the hotel bar which seemed nice enough. In general the hotel was dated but the front of house staff very helpful.When we got into our room it was adequate and clean and we had a lovely view of Queens Square. Location of the hotel was brilliant for the tube..however if you did not want to go on the be it was only 10 mins walk from covent garden and 20 mins from London Eye!Breakfast was vary varied with plenty of choice however...you will probably end up sitting next to a stranger as it is set up canteen style and busy times there were not many spare seats.	
Apr 25 2008 	Totally reliable past ten years	I discovered the President's about 10 years ago and have stayed there at least 14 times since. It is exactly what it promises to be for the price - a clean, friendly tourist class hotel. Have never had to complain about cleanliness or other problems. Staff have always been friendly. Breakfast is more reminiscent of my army days than the usual b&amp;b but look at the price!Couldn't find a better location at this price - we tend to walk to everything but it's a block away from the subway when you're tired at the end of the day. Handy all night convienence store opposite subway if you need a late night snack. Many affordable restaurants within a short walk. Helpful hint- if you are 2 or 3 people travelimg to Heath Row on way home the conciercge will order you a private mini-cab that will cost only a small amount more than public transportation.	
Apr 22 2008 	Very Very happy service was great!	We, a family of 6, stayed in 2 rooms (twins with rollaways) for a night here. The rooms were fine (London rooms are always small and a little run down, especially in the &quot;less than 100 pounds&quot; price bracket. The President was just fine, better than most!). Breakfast was super and very filling (travelling with 3 teenagers, mind you!). But what we were most impressed by was the service. Everyone was beyond kind and helpful. And the concierge saved us an incredible amount of headache and a fair amount of money by booking us a van to the airport the next a.m. (instead of us trying to do the &quot;Underground scramble&quot;, as we had originally planned). I have never had such a relaxed and easy transfer from hotel to airport, and it was really a blessing for our very tired family. The President has now become my standard for budget accomodations--decent rooms, good breakfast, and GREAT service. We felt like we actually got better than we paid for, especially for London. Thank you~!	
Apr 17 2008	Great location	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, check in was quick and reception staff friendly. Hotel close to underground and approx 10 mins walk to covent garden. the breakfast wasn't up to much but i would still return and would recommend to others. did read reviews before i went and was a bit apprehensive but this vanished when i arrived at the hotel. planning anither trip to london shortly and will be booking in here.	
Apr 15 2008 	Ignore The London Snobbery	Ignore the moaners and stay at this HotelI have just returned from staying at this HotelIf you want a Hotel that is central then this is the oneIf you want a clean Hotel then this is the oneIf you want a Hotel like the Ritz and the Hilton then go and spend £150 to £300 per night. On the other hand if you want to spend £93 for two people that include Breakfast then this is the Hotel.Yes it is dated but if you have stayed in some of the well known hotels on International Drive in Florida well this hotel will feel like the Ritz and the Hilton.Don't be fooled by the London Snobbery that is reviewing this Hotel in a bad way, most people only stay in a London hotel for a 1 or 2 Nights. The President is a good Hotel and does the job, the Hotel staff is friendly, and the breakfast is great.	
Apr 13 2008 	Pleasant stay at the President!	Just come back from a weekend break in the capital. (It was our 10th anniversary present from our parents) The President is part of a chain of hotels and is physically linked to the Imperial Hotel making it HUGE! There is underground parking (£18 per 24 hours) and it was relatively easy to find (google map). Check-in was swift and we found our room easy (5th floor). The room was as above what we expected for a 3* hotel - quite spacious, very clean with the basics - complimentary toiletries, trouser press and TV (NO Hairdryer though - slightly annoying as i hadnt packed mine thinking the hotel would have one!) The bed was a kingsize and quite firm (but thats fine by me) The heating was on in our room and was quite hot but after a quick call to reception we got it turned down. There is an ensuite Bath/shower - excellant fast filling bath with hot water! we slept with the window open but found we had to shut it as it was very noisy outside with vehicles coming and going. Soon fell of to sleep again no problems. Breakfast was full english or continental buffet style. Ample supply of each although tea wasnt particularly tasty (probably because its been boiling away in the urn for the past 2 hours)Breakfast served 7.30 - 10am and catered for all - fruit, cereals, porridge, toast, juice, cooked etc...However we did find we had to wait 15 mins on sunday morning and we had to queue the same amount again to get our buffet breakfast (but it was the marathon and everyone wanted feeding at once!) the waiters sped around clearing tables, restocking etc... and did their best to get the rush over. All in all we had a great stay and i would definitely come back. Its within easy walking distance of Covent Garden. Nearest tube is Russell Square about a 2 min walk.	
Apr 12 2008 	Did the job!	The President suited our needs very well. Although appearing very dated and slightly run down, the room itself was very clean as was the bathroom. The size was fine for our one nights stay, the bed was firm but comfortable, lots of wardrobe space, powerful hot shower. Had a pleasant view of old Georgian buildings from the front of the hotel on 4th floorOnly negatives were that the room was very hot and we couldn't find a way of turning the radiator off. Meant we had to have our window open all the time, even at night (so fairly noisy) and it was a huge waste of energy. Also the kippers served with the English breakfast extemely strong smelling, the whole ground floor permanently smells of fish as a result, off putting for the first impression walking into the hotel. Breakfast itself was plentiful and whilst not being anything amazing filled us up for the day.Very friendly porter who helped us with leaving our bags for the day in the left luggage room (securely locked) who remembered us when we came to pick them up again.In summary, as long as you're not expecting luxury, the President was clean, comfortable and an excellent location for venturing around London (only 10 mins walk from Euston Station). Would come back again.	
Apr 7 2008	Hated	Where do I start. Its got to be with the food after the first evening meal (the carvery) we decided to eat out, After the first english breakfast we decided to eat out, the service was terrible not one of the staff had a smile the breakfast was cold the carvery was disgusting, the veg was sat in a bath of water and had lost all taste, the chicken was so dry it needed the gravy to make it palitable. How can you get fresh fruit wrong? (eat at the President) I could not tell the difference between orange, mango or peach, I knew the apple because it was crunchier than the rest. After the meal not one of the staff had asked if we enjoyed our meal. On to the rooms, they were clean but if you are expecting a good nights sleep, forget it. The doors slammed all night as each guest came in, the walls are paper thin, the windows are single glazed so the noise from the fans or extractors is constant.Yes the location is central but thats about it. if you want a good nights sleep, good food, and a smile from the staff forget it.Just one question President Hotel, are the bulk of your customers from the DSS?	
Apr 5 2008 	Not impressed with The President	Not impressed with The President. Room was clean and tidy but... the single galzed windows allowed noise in and were draughty, doors slammed shut causing a disturbance through the night - though it is unlikely to have been deliberate from guests. little or no soundproofing between rooms. our room had no view and overlooked a noisy delivery yard which seemed to be used 24hrs a day.Not once were we asked if everything was ok! staff rarely even aknowledged us (out of a 3 day stay) food was appalling the only hot item avaiable was the coffee!! the only decent food we had wasnt at the president!! Will not return nor recommend!! this was supposed to be a 3 star hotel according to the information available when booked - we wouldnt give it three stars!!!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location	This hotel was pretty good value for money.The location was great, it was very easy to get anywwere in london from it. I wouldn't really recommend the english breakfast,a bit too greasy. the room was lovely and a grand size with a great view. It was clean, with a good size bathroom. The only problem i had were the cleaners in the morning they were so noisey. But on our last morning there wasn't a peek out of them so i reckon people complained nice one. Overall a good hotel for exploring London.	
Feb 19 2008 	Don t be so fussy.	I can t believe people carped about this place. Every one knows that you ll pay the earth for a hotel room in London so it s unusual to find a hotel that is reasonably priced and comfortable. I thought the President offered exactly what I was looking for, for a three night stay - The bed was fine and made up with clean sheets each day, lots of hot water, a tv that worked well, and a good breakfast, where you could eat as much or little as you liked. I go to London to attend theatres, and enjoy the beautiful buildings, not to sit in a hotel room, so the President suited me, as a tourist, very well. I would have no hesitation in staying here again or recommending it to anyone else.	
Jan 18 2008 	Great Location	Nice hotel, in an excellent location. A hop, skip and jump away from cash machines, food marts, post office and tube station.We travel to London at least twice a year and always stay with one of the imperial hotels and the President happens to be part of this chain. Rooms are clean and staff is easy to deal with. A wonderful mall is close with everything you will need. Excellent coffee shops!!!!! People who travel to London must always remember that rooms are smaller then in North America.	
Jan 9 2008	"Cheap and Cheerful"	I have to admit i was a little weary about going to the president hotel after reading some of the reviews however i ws pleasently suprised when i got there. To be honest the outside can be a little off putting with the grey exterior, but when i got in i was very pleased. The staff was very helpful at the desk and the porter helped us to our rooms with our bags.The room was small though clean and the bathroom was clean which was very important. We didnt have the best view but then again we werent planning on spending alot of time looking out our room window. The breakfast was fine although we didnt have much to eat, (not sure whether that was because of the food or the drink the nite before) but all in all it was good!I was there with my boyfriend and another couple and we got our rooms next to each other which was great! We were going to one of the theatre shows and obviosly not having being there before we didnt know where to go, so the porter offered to call us a taxi to take us straight there, which i thought was very helpful! Overall i think for the price, the president hotel was a great choice for us! the location was excellent and and the staff was very helpful! Although the rooms are basic they were clean and i think thats the main thing! I liked it that much that i have booked to back again in feb 2008...so i would definately reccommend it to anyone visiting london in the near future!! :)	
Jan 4 2008 	This hotel is strictly no frills.	I spent three nights at the President and though the stay itself was fine; this is probably not the kind of hotel most Americans are used to. This is a no frills European hotel - and I do mean no frills. Very small, utilitarian rooms, with florescent lighting and not even a comfortable chair to sit in. But considering the hotel price inflation going on in London combined with devaluation of the dollar to the pound; something had to give. I booked a single room for three nights and was put up on the top floor; which is, from what I could tell, all single rooms. My room had a single bed, a small desk, a color tv [which worked fine] and a small bathroom with a small bar of soap and a very small bottle of shampoo [which I didn't even use.] A small window looked over Russell Square and the Tube Station is a block and half away. There's a 24 hour Tesco Metro [convenience store/market] across from the Tube stop and a decent pub a half block from the hotel. And while there is a wide variety of people staying there - from backpackers to families to business folks - this is one of those properties that can grate on you. You're not inclined to go back to the hotel to relax - it's for sleeping only. Sure, the bed was comfortable enough and the room was clean - but it's very basic accommodation; more like a school dorm than a hotel room charging over $115 a night for a room. I also noted a lot of laundry and trash in the hallways, torn carpets, chipped paint and the kind of small maintenance issues that you're likely not to find in a better maintained property.Another issue is security. I didn't have any problems and the neighborhood, Bloomsbury, isn't considered dangerous. The hotel is a relatively modern structure with a large lobby and a manned front desk. I'm not sure what kind of cctv coverage/security the hotel has, but assume it's relatively secure. But at night, no one is checking room keys so it is possible for someone to walk in off the street and gain elevator access. The rooms all have magnetic key cards which provides a somewhat higher degree of security. As part of the rate deal I got by booking through the hotel's website, I was offered a free buffet breakfast for all three nights. I went the first morning; and skipped the other complimentary breakfasts [which says something.] The food was a bit rough looking - scrambled eggs, bacon, toast - but not done well; very utilitarian. The toast was burned and brittle; the eggs didn't taste right. I ended up walking over to Pret-a -Manger [across from the Tube station] and buying a breakfast sandwich there. So, would I recommend this hotel? If you've got to save money and there are no other options; it beats sleeping on the street. But if you're able to fork out some more; than by all means do. I've been to London 30+ times in the past ten years and only once did I find a less suitable place which I won't even mention here. But as a well traveled, 45 year old, educated professional man who has stayed at some of the better hotels in the world [including the Four Seasons at Canary Wharf] The President was a let down. I didn't enjoy my overall trip to London and I suspect the experience at the President was a big part of it.	
Dec 20 2007 	Expensive low-budget low-standard hotel.	We stayed for three days in early December 2007. Location is good. 5 minute walk from underground station, which is perfect. Staff were friendly on arrival. Got our room, and the first thing that hit us was the surreal heat. Apparently the heater was all the way up, with the adjusting mechanism broken, so it took a few minutes to figure out how to turn it down, opening windows to cool down the sauna. Then we got a good view of the room, which was very small. Terrible lighting, not a single bulb, just very unpleasant bright cathode lighting throughout. Bathroom was small, and without any kind of extras, such as a hairdryer. Room was clean. Double bed was on the small size, reasonable comfortable, with a mattress on the hard side.There was quite a bit of noise during the night, as people came and went. You could audibly hear closing doors, talking in the halls etc.Next morning we went down to the continental breakfast, included in the price of the room. Breakfast restaurant was separated into two departments, &quot;English breakfast&quot; and in the back &quot;Continental breakfast&quot;. The English breakfast looked delicious with bacon and eggs, but oh no, to get the English breakfast, we'd have to pay 4 punds extra per person per day. We were kindly told to go in the back, where we were fed the most insulting breakfast I've ever had. Seriously, I've never had tea or coffee tasting this bad. The bread tasted and felt like it was days old. I wouldn't serve this to my enemies.And that basically sums up our stay nicely. Considering what we paid, around 70 pounds a day, this hotel stay was truly disappointing. Had the hotel been 40-50 pound a day, I would've said &quot;ok, it's what you can expect&quot;, but not this. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 19 2007 	great !!!	Great hotel, rooms are very clean, comfortable &amp; warm. buffet breakfast was good food. hotel is on russell square so good location for theatres &amp; shopping convent garden is only 6min walk. can't really say anything bad everything was what we asked for. only bad thing but you get that anywhere you stay in london was hard to sleep at night because of the noise.	
Dec 17 2007 	Depending on price varies from average to good	We booked a double room through a travel agent for 107euros (around 70 pounds) per night. Room on the fifth floor was rather on the big side, very clean. looked new, good heating that could be controlled according to your own wishes, bathroom was big enough, we had a good view over Queen Anne square and the room had tea/coffee making facilities. Breakfast was of the continental type, with juices, coffee/tea, canned fruit, cereals, cold toast, bread rolls, butter and marmelade.The hotel was very central with Russell Tube Station very close, just 2 minute walk, near bus stop to Aldwych, Holborn and King's Cross - St Pancras and 4 minutes walking to the British Museum and the St Pancras church.We lost our flight due to airport strike in Greece and had to return othe hotel for one more night. We got a similar room facing the other way of the main entrance with a lot of noise during the night (deliveries from trucks, people carrying things) and thin walls, this time for 90 pounds - whih wasnot worth it.So depending on the price you pay, this hotel can be a good choice for staying in London.We tried the pub near the hotel - just opposite the entrance - named 'Friend at Hand' and have to admit that the atmosphere was good and the foo great. Also, visited the Brunswick centre, 5 minutes walk, that had a good choices for hanging out...Strada for italian food - bit of expensive though -, Starbusks, Nandos for good and cheap chicken food and some shops for shopping	
Dec 7 2007 	Okay	Eight girls on London weekend! Rooms were clean &amp; tidy. No problems total weekend including top price tickets for Dirty Dancing show cost us £168.00 couldnt fault it. Breakfast was good value, bit like a canteen but hey it cost us peanuts ! Location was good for wherever you wanted to go, £6.00 in a cab!Didn't spend much time there to be honest!!	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Location 	Booked on Imperial Hotels' website and received &quot;BOGO&quot; internet only special, which included the first night's dinner at a choice of several affiliated restaurants. Food was good, service was good. Everything I asked for was supplied. Twin bed was hard, but moved to another room with softer beds after first 2 nights. First 2 nights were spent in room overlooking ugly roof-tops and other rooms' windows. Last 4 nights were in very nice handicapped room which was very large and much more comfortable and overlooked street. Free Internet access in lounge area, free breakfast was ok- fried bacon, eggs (poached, fried &amp; hardboiled), bland sausage, canned fruit, prunes, juice, cold toast, tomatoes. Rolls &amp; butter were good. Russell Tube Station very close - 3 minute walk, bus stop across the street. 8 minute walk to British Museum. Glen was very helpful - Thanks! Hertz Rental on-site.	
Dec 1 2007 	Won't go back - Disappointing!	This hotel gave us the distinct impression that it caters to tourists who will probably never come back so they have no incentive for offering good service to potentially returning customers. We actually live not far from London and only stayed one night - I pitied those who booked a stay for a week or more for vacation. The room was fairly small, and the walls paper thin. the decor was ugly, dingy looking, and dated. For being in the center of London, you would think they would have card keys for better security, but they only had the traditional metal keys (which you have to turn in when you leave). There were no extras offered in the room - no washcloths, no blow dryer, no iron (I even asked for one), and no shower cap (they did have shampoo and tea). The bed had no support, but at least the sheets were clean. Housekeeping started knocking on everyone's doors just after 8a.m. - no chance of sleeping in for us. Very strange.Continental breakfast - HORRIBLE. Choose between a few cereals, thin white bread, coffee/tea, and that's about it. If you want the full English breakfast (which didn't look good) you pay an additional four pounds and get to sit in the &quot;nice&quot; side of the dining area. We stayed on a Saturday and the dining room was so full and chaotic (with a line even) that it was like a military chow hall - only the food was worse!If you want to leave your bag at the hotel after checkout, you have to pay (50p). Being a guest and having already overpaid for the hotel room, that was very annoying. The only bonus about the hotel was the location. It's in Russell Square, very close to the Russell Square tube stop (just one away from King's Cross). The place we booked through gave the hotel three stars, but it was an easy two star (and on the low end at that). We won't go back and I wouldn't recommend it even for budget travellers - you can pay much less for what you get at the President hotel (even in London).	
Nov 30 2007	Would not recommend it at all!	I was attending a conference and the hotel was recommended by the organisers, so the secretary automatically booked it. Sure it was close to the conference venue, but I’ve emailed the organisers to say that I certainly would not recommend it.I had been booked into a single room on the 7th floor; a floor which I think is refurbished. I think the refurbishment has involved diving double rooms into two singles. That meant the room was pokey, with a tiny shower and no bath. I could live with that but the single bed had seen better days and the two pillows were so flat it didn’t even feel like one pillow.The worst was the heat. My colleagues were on other floors but all of us had problems sleeping due to the unbearable heat in the rooms, even with the heat right down. One colleague said she had to sleep with windows and curtains wide open, and this was in November. I also had to open my window, but tossed and turned on the uncomfortable bed and to the sounds coming from outside. I felt jet lagged in the morning through lack of sleep.I asked a receptionist if I could move to a larger room, in case that would help. She was surly and unhelpful and the answer was simply ‘no’.Breakfast was adequate but that’s all. On the second morning there was no new cutlery available and I had to take it from another table. I asked for ketchup and was told there was none and then my colleague pointed out where it was.If you want to stay in an old London hotel and experience all the eccentricities that come with it, then yes, this hotel can do that. If you want a slick, modern, efficient hotel most definitely avoid The President.	
Nov 26 2007 	I will never go back	Three colleagues and I arrived at 10 pm and when we went to our rooms we found no hot or cold water. One of my colleagues had trouble getting into her room, she had extreme difficulty getting staff to help her. The one who did go to help her asked if she would give him a kiss if she let him in. I was told the water would be back in &quot;10 minutes&quot; when I phoned reception. 15 miniutes later when back down at reception I was told 10 minutes and water would be back ,so they would not change my room yet. 30 minutes later still no water but I was told there was no point in changing rooms as no rooms had water. This was not true as I pointed out and they agreed to change our rooms. The room I moved to was musty and smelled of cigarettes and there was hot water but no cold water. At this point I gave up, having purchased an expensive bottle of mineral water from the bar. I tried to get some sleep, difficult as there seemed to be a lorry park behind the hotel as I had the constant beep of vehicles reversing through most of the night.The hotel is, apart from the reception area, dilapidated and is as far as I can see a cynical attempt to extract money from its customers by providing an appalling level of service	
Nov 25 2007 	good location but awful breakfast	stayed here on a work trip. Great location, just a few steps from Euston station, and close to Covent garden and the rest of London city centre. Room was of OK in terms of size(compared to the London's standards) and seemed very clean. Bathroom was ok too. (we stayed on 6th floor, dunno if in the lower floors rooms look the same or not....). Very bad point: continental breakfast was unexistent, just some old and chewy bread and jam, and cereals. If you go here, make sure you get english breakfast. For dinner there are a few very nice restaurants and pub close by, serving good food (give the chinese one a try...amazing!).	
Nov 21 2007 	Pleasantly surprised- above average for a 3 star accomodation.	We had read many reviews about this hotel prior to our stay, some mediocre, some not so good but went ahead with the booking because of the perfect location and the fact that we weren't going to spend much time in the room, in any case. As our flight into London was overnight, we requested an early check-in, fully expecting (and rightly so) to be provided with a secure space for our luggage until our room was ready for occupation in the afternoon. Much to our surprise, upon our arrival shortly before 9am, we were swiftly attended to and sent straight up to our room! The space had clearly been very recently renovated and was sparkling clean and fresh and the shower pressure was like a jet. Having recently stayed in a &quot;5 star&quot; Bermuda resort and receiving terrible service and a very old, tired and not very clean room it was a very refreshing contrast.	
Nov 21 2007 	Good enough for the price you pay and a excellent location	It's the second time i stayed in this Hotel, the last was a year ago.It's a good hotel and cheap, with the basic of your needs, with some nice staff.The hotel is in an excellent location, just cross the street and corner the corner and you are at Russell Square Station, and your are some foot's away from Covent Garden and Holborn.The rooms are small, i was place in the old part of the hotel about a year ago i went to the new part and nothing different about them unless the television channels and the doors that are with card and not with a key.I have nothing bad to say about the hotel unless the smell about the dinner time that comes from the restaurant to the lobby, nothing to warm anybody but i didn't like the fact that i came from dinner and smell more food.It's as good as you get for the money you pay, and the location is excellent.Once again sorry about my poor English, hope i can help you :D.	
Nov 12 2007 	A good basic hotel at good basic price great location	This is a busy basic hotel - nothing fancy. We found it clean throughout, and the staff were very helpful and efficicient.The English Breakfast was good - and the staff cleared away very quickly. But yes, there was a smell of haddock, - but i like haddock and did not expect to see it on the menu.We were visiting the British Museum and the location could not have been better.The 'Friend at Hand' pub across the road served excellent food.	
Nov 7 2007 	not a bad hostel	The one redeeming feature of this hotel is location.The reception has plenty of unhelpful staff, just standing there glaring as if we were a nuisance to be endured.The room was on the 5th floor and to answer the other review, no it was not quieter. The facility's were basic as you would find in a hostel for back packers. The room was at best basic and not dirty when we arrived. We made &quot;coffee&quot; on the first night. The following day we got clean cups but no more coffee. The bed was very hard.The breakfast was a joke. It's as if they heard of a continental breakfast but did not understand. The tables were uncleared.There was no help from reception when I asked about getting to Heathrow for an early flight. I was fobbed of on to the night staff.In our corridor we found the ceiling light fitting was pulled down (for repair?) and a ladder in the way but no one in sight working on it. The ladder was still there 2 hours later when we left the room and still no one there.The 3 stars this hotel has were found in a lucky bag or given on a promise of future service. To sum: up never again.	
Nov 2 2007 	Demented Dentist	Had asked for quiet room away from lifts, ice machines, kitchen exhaust fans.Got single room located in block between lifts, but have to say did not hear on account of:All day until five sounded like a demented dentist drilling in room above. nearby staff told me had suffered for two years while hotel being refurbished.On return to room which faced internal courtyard was directly above dock where vehicles reversed into for loading/unloading.screech of brakes and noise or reversing warning systems.This did fade away in evening to be replaced by noise of fans somewhere. In the end I pretended to myself was on the new A380 air bus and flying somewhere glamorous.Woken in morning by vehicles again reversing into dock.I was on first floor, several floors up would have been better.Breakfast was English and quite OK.Redeeming feature was cost nearly half of what have previously paid in London.When refurbishment finished would stay again.johnep	
Oct 31 2007 	Marginally better than a shop doorway!	On a positive note shower was very effective and room was fairly quiet for central London, The hotel is convenient for the major tourist attractions and the newly opened Brunswick opposite Russel Square undergroud station gives options for dinner. On a negative note, the room was very basic with hardboard used to make the matress firmer. Pillows were lacking in filling and were stained. Towel (yes, just the one) was nearly as thin as the holey sheet. Black mold apparent around the bath. Breakfast was basic at best and the mystery of the pervading smell of fish throughout the hotel was cleared up - it was the poached haddock! Complimentary facilities in the room consist of a plastic bag with tea bag, coffee, powder creamer and sugar. In the bathroom you will find two guest soaps and a clear shampoo/shower gel. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 24 2007 	Good location OK hotel	First the good...it's in a great location close to the British Museumand Oxford Street, it's right next to a tube station and Brunswick Centre that has some nice restaurants and a Waitrose.There's a pub called &quot;Friend At Hand&quot; 30 seconds walk straight from the hotel if you fancy a drink.The staff are quite friendly and most of them even speak English.The room size was fair enough.The bad... there is just a bad smell that greets you every time you enter the lobby. It's in the halls too.The &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; sounds much fancier than it actually is. You get toast, jam and orange juice.The bathroom is OK, but since you can't adjust the towering shower arm, be prepared to spend a minute getting the water just right before you jump in there.Overall, if you're just looking for a place to crash every night after touring London then it's very tolerable, but I wouldn't go there on my honeymoon.	
Oct 21 2007 	nothing fancy but served the purpose very well	Just got back from ten days in England. When l first read the reviews about this hotel l was truly frighthened to see what was in store for me. When my husband and l arrived at the hotel we experienced minor set backs with a reservation screw up; but it was resolved within minutes. The staff was courteous and happy to help - above average customer service. Rooms were small but clean. Water pressure was fantastic. Location to the tube was excellent. Plenty of restaurants to be found in the immediate vicinity. The hotel restaurant was horrific- dont go even for the specials it is overpriced and food is not good! Breakfast consisted of toast, cereal with tea, coffee and juices. Nothing to write home about but when in a hurry it did suffice... The best places to eat were in the local pubs, Day and NIght(in the hotel) not bad, Pret a Manager right across from the Russell tube was great. We went on a lot of tours thorugh Evan &amp; Evans and found that it helped to get out of London central. London is so noisy and congested it was great to see the countryside. Dont go on the Jack the Ripper tour it is truly a &quot;RIP OFF&quot; no pun intended.Overall a good experience. Would recommend this hotel for those who want to tour England and are not going to stay in their rooms a lot anyway.	
Oct 20 2007 	Hated it!!!!!!!!!!!! Do not stay here	The hotel is very dated. Common areas are dirty and smelly. Rooms not much better, bathroom looked like it needed a good scrub. No hair dryer or toiletries. The hotel also gave my bag to travel company collecting guests from the hotel. They were very un helpful when they discovered my bag had gone when I went back to collect it from the porter. It was 3 days before I got my bag back and this was only due to the travel company calling me as my mobile number was on the baggage tag. In addition to this the porter had the cheek to charge to store the bags, they gave me ticket, but still managed to give the bag another guest.It has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Disgusting	I checked into this hotel today and I was shocked as to how bad it was. The corridors are shabby, and it's got the feel of a prisoner release hotel! The bathrooms are awful, the towels grubby, the tea and coffee making facilities are a joke. You get a small plastic freezer bag with a single tea bag and a plastic spoon. The room was dirty, when I picked up the remote control from the desk, there was a small rectangular clean bit where the dust hadn't settled. Finally and worst of all my room stank, it was really bad. I checked out straight away. I felt so sorry for the people who were waiting to check in.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great location good basic food.	I have stayed at the President on and off since 1998 without any problems. It is a basic hotel and is ideal for those who are using it as a Bed &amp; Breakfast type of facility with basic amenities.The all inclusive breakfast is plentiful and will sustain you throughout the day unless you are a person who loves a good table three times a day. The breakfast seating arrangments may pose a problem for those persons requiring their own table away from other diners as there are a limited number of separate tables.	
Oct 10 2007 	Basic good location reasonable rates	This is a basic, 3 star hotel. Some rooms (certainly 3rd floor) recently refurbished. Rooms a little small, but it was clean and quiet. Paid £90 per night. Excellent location in Russell Square - lots to do (shops, pubs, restaurants) with nice atmosphere. Overall OK for a cheap stay.	
Oct 9 2007 	Would stay there again!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the President on advice from my globe trotting mother, and we were not disappointed. As everyone knows, hotels in London are a crapshoot, and to find one at a reasonable price and to get value for your money is difficult at best.At 90 GBP for a double, I have definitely staying in worse hotels for more money.The rooms were spotlessly clean, a decent size, and the desk staff were friendly and knowledgeable. This is a no-nonsense, bare bones accomodation, so if you are expecting to be pampered, then, go spend your money elsewhere, but if you want a clean, well kept hotel with amazingly pleasant staff (well, except for the maids, but that was more of a comedy out of a bad movie...don't get in their way when it's cleaning time), then this is the place to go.The best part were the day porters, whom I will name: Glen and Andre. Whatever they are paid is not enough because I have stayed in 5 star hotels that do not have porters as accomodating, polite, and downright delightful and entertaining as these two gentlemen.The food is typical of hotel food, so if you are expecting Gordon Ramsay, then, again I say, go elsewhere. It's edible and plentiful and that's all one can ask for.An extremely pleasant stay and I would definitely stay again when I return to the U.K.	
Sep 12 2007	Good location	Plus: Great location, big newly renovated roomMinus: Continental breakfast is plain (could be upgraded to a much better English breakfast, but we didn’t ask)We spent 3 nights in this hotel. It is an old hotel but our room was newly renovated, new carpet, new washroom (shower water is really big), nice and clean. Staffs are friendly.The room is surprisingly big and very quiet but sometimes, a noisy neighbor could be heard through the thin wall.Just 2 blocks form the Russell Square tube station, about 4 blocks from the British Museum. 24-hr convenient store and great selection of restaurants are all nearby. After all, we would give this hotel 4 starsEating tips for tourists, PRET A Manger (there is one cross street from Russell Square Station) has great selections of fresh and tasty sandwiches for lunches on the go. Plenty of good yet not too expensive restaurants can be found near Russell Square to convent Garden Market.	
Aug 28 2007 	We'd stay here again.	My girlfriend and I stayed at The President on the weekend of the August Bank Holiday for four nights. Although obviously not a five star hotel, the room we stayed in at The President was spotlessly clean, quiet and all we could have asked for.The hotel is well placed for the Piccadilly Line and was an easy half hour walk to Westminster.The breakfasting room at the hotel was basic, but the food was good and there was plenty of it. We didn’t use the bar, but it looked nicely done out and comfortable. I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to other travellers.	
Aug 25 2007	Staying at the President	Just returned from London and Paris. Very much preferred Paris. As I mentioned to someone, &quot;the best thing about London is the Eurostar train to Paris!&quot;The rooms of the President Hotel have just been renovated, they were now doing the corridors. Not a problem, if you leave the hotel in the morning and come back at night.Our room on the 3rd as well as on the 5th floor were adequate for the rates posted. No mini bar, no shampoo etc. but clean. It was quite noisy over night on the weekend, if you have a room facing Russel Square, but this is not the hotel's fault.The most disturbing item was the food. The Continental Breakfast is plain, Toast and mushy buns and some cereal. The dining room reminded me of a visit to East Berin in the sixties. It also smelled terribly of the food served the previous night (fish).We had one late dinner there and it was terrible. The food has no taste, with veggies out of a can! They have a buffet for you to pick, but for 17.95 pounds (36 can$) per person it was an experience to write about. Suggest you do not try to eat there until the kitchen gets their act together.	
Aug 22 2007 	Honest and Candid Review	Postitive- The hotel is only one block from the Russell Square train station- at the end of the day- you will be thankfulRussell Square Park- Across the street- Awesome little cafe-good breakNoise- Not bad- very quiet for a busy streetBritish Museum- Go out front door/take a left/within 1/2 mileMaid Service- Very goodNegative-Pillows- Had to roll mine in order to have anything resembling a pillow-Pillows- StainedBed- Mr. Spring sat in the middle of my back for the week- if you can take a thin matress, have stayed in prisons for a strong portion of your life, then the matress will suit youBreakfast Service- NEVER misplace your free continental breakfast coupon- you will be greeted at breakfast by the breakfast CZAR - he will tackle you for your coupon...The continental breakfast was horrible/coffee-egads....We decided to go with the English Breakfast- he said &quot;well, you will have to pay..&quot; Like what in the hell else was I going to do? Steal the plate?Look, London is very expensive...this hotel is cheap and good if you are a tough person- if you have a wife that will beat you senseless if she is not pampered- this is not the place for you-If you are young and can &quot;rough it&quot;- do itSome other ideas....the Subway on Southampton always has coupons...for Subway- grab them- it will save you moneyIf you need snacks or forgot something- go to the tube station and look across- there is a Tasco (trust me)- it saves cash-Buy a London Pass to save dough/get it with the travel-Travel on the tube is about 6.80 pounds/13.00 AmericanTravel- The tube is amazing- don't worry- you will get the hang of it...The nearest laundromat is about 1/2 mile away- go to the tube station-take a right-1st left is where Tasco is- walk down- you will see it on your right after 4 blocks	
Aug 6 2007	Good location	Just returned from a trip to London and Paris. The hotel was easy to access on the tube from the Piccadilly line,but difficult to locate. FYI:it sits behind the Tube station. The rooms are small but ok.Our first one had two twins and a rollaway. It overlooked the street but street noise was tolerable. No big deal that toiletries were not in the bath. Our room was a corner room so maybe had more space than others.On our return from Paris we were on a different foor and had a room that overlooked the power plant so no view and a smaller space. The English breakfast was just passble. It probably did not help that we had just had several days in Paris with fresh,crispy,buttery croissants for breakfast.	
Jul 26 2007	Do not stay here!	They messed up our resaervation and never called us ahead of time so we had a very difficult time checking in. The room was on the 7th fl, it was smaller than a dorm room and very hot. We were switched to the 2nd fl, where the rooms were slightly bigger, but very outdated and seemed dirty, the beds do not have matresses, they are fold up cots with the headbords nailed to the wall. We could hear every word the person in the room next to us was saying, there was no privacy. They even had a fire alarm go off and between the people that worked there no one could agree on weather it was a test or not, one telling us to leave the building, one telling us to go back to our rooms. They seemed to not know what was going on.	
Jul 11 2007 	Not that bad	The President Hotel wasn't the worst place I've stayed, but not the best either. For a last minute find, it was decent. It's location near a tube station is probably it's best feature. My room was adequate although there weren't any toiletries in the bathroom other than tiny soaps. A hairdryer would have been a nice touch too. The elevator to the 7th floor (the non-smoking floor) was ancient, but it worked. The hotel's continental breakfast left something to be desired. It consisted of coffee, tea or cocoa with some really hard toast that sits under a heat lamp, assorted jams and butter. If you're lucky they may bring out some fruit or cereal. There's an English Breakfast available upon check-in, but for the price, I'd save your money and head to the shop over by the Russell Square Underground Station. All in all it was a great location and the staff were very friendly. My flight didn't leave till well after my checkout time and they have a secured baggage closet to store your stuff (for 50p) till its time to leave for the airport.	
Jul 8 2007 	Pleasant stay	Pleasant stay, great location, and price seems fair compared to the level of hotel prices in London. We are a couple without children on a holiday wanting to see sights and some nightlife. President was near enough to walk to areas with nightlife and even to many of the sights, plus subway and bus stop were near. Nearest subway station has a direct line to Heathrow airport. Room was clean, quiet, and good enough size. A kettle was provided with tea/coffee package. English breakfast was great. Staff was friendly. I am glad I found this hotel and definitely recommend to anyone.	
Jul 4 2007 	disappointing london hotel	Stayed here as part of a package to see The Sound of Music show, which was great. Having stayed in many London hotels we found this one very disappointing. No toiletries in the bathroom and only one bath towel, no hand towels and no hairdryer, you had to pay a £10 deposit to hire one from housekeeping. Also only one teabag in the the complimentary tea making pack. Otherwise clean and in a very central position and near tube.	
Jul 2 2007 	Best Location EVER!	My husband and I traveled to London Jun20-28 from Vancouver Canada. Our experience with The President hotel was great! It is in the perfect location - within walking distance to museums and Oxford St - and if you really like walking, you can reach the Palace and all the other major sites without catching the Tube. The choice of restaurants and cafes are huge in the area.The staff were really nice, the breakfast was good! The rooms were a good size for the 2 of us, clean and the water pressure in the shower was amazing! (my previous UK shower experiences were not that great!). The only thing to watch is they charge for everything including incoming calls aswell as wake up calls! Another great thing, they hold your room key when you go out and you pick it up when you get back to the hotel!! Never having to worry about losing your key!Overall, a great place to stay!	
Jul 1 2007 	AVOID IF POSSIBLE	We have chosen inexpensive hotels before, but this one was terrible. The hotel lacked any security measures and handed out room keys to whoever asked, without asking that person to present identification. Allthough some suites had renovated bathrooms, common areas were filthy and stinky. In addition, very shady looking renovating staff roamed the halls all day and into the evening. As for comfort, we were given a completely broken bed that sunk to the ground in the middle. Thankfully, they did move us to a slightly better room when we complained.Dont eat the breakfast, it is stale, cheap and overall not good. At all costs avoid eating in the Carvery restaurant attached to the hotel, the Chef carved a huge piece of fat (instead of roast) onto my fiances plate . What's more, the Chef who served the food was incredibly rude. Overall, if comfort, security and food are important to you, do not stay at the president (even if it is a good deal).	
Jun 19 2007 	Not that bad	Well, it wasnt that bad. My wife and I went up to London for the New Year and stayed at the President. Room was small. Very small actually. Breakfast was not that good, but cant complain. We had to pay and extra 8 pounds to take a continental b'fast. In a week it happened twice as I coudnt take the english b'fast anymore. Hotel is centrally located. An underground is two minutes away opposite a Tesco supermarket. One thing I would say to whoever intends going to London. You do not go to London to see how nice the hotel room is....but to enjoy London. There are hotels far worse than the President. Always do a neccessary check before you book a hotel.	
Jun 11 2007 	Crummy	This is definately the worst hotel I have stayed in. The interior is worn out, there was very loud noise from some handymen next door (everyday from 8 am), the qoute &quot;continental breakfast&quot; unqoute consisted of coffee, toast and jam and the double room was way smaller than on the pictures.	
Jun 1 2007 	Location location location	Just returned from a week in London, during which time my husband andI stayed at the President. We were very satisfied. The President is very good value for your dollar. You are only a two minute walk from the Russell Square tube station and very close to the British Museum.We did our due diligence beforehand and knew better than to expect luxury on a budget in London. But location was very important to us (did not want to waste valuable time travelling long distances). The outside and common areas are a bit shabby, but our room was very clean. I understand small rooms are the standard in London, which didn't spoil our trip because we hardly spent any time in it and it was adequate for our needs. Our bed was comfortable and we had the pleasant surprise of having a fabulous soaker tub in our bathroom. There is nothing better than a long soak after a long day touring the town. There was a bit of noise from renovations, but it didn't bother us because it started later in the morning when we were leaving for the day. Also, here's a cool factoid that we learned about the President on our last day - the Beatles stayed at the hotel during the summer of 1963! You've gotta love London - just oozing with history from every corner!!	
May 17 2007 	smelli	very expensive, bad smell, dirty carpet, nice location	
Apr 17 2007 	pleasant surprise given the very reasonable cost	I was looking for a cheap hotel accessible from Heathrow for a 2-day layover. I booked at the President, expecting not-so-great things, given some of the awful reviews. But I have to say, I have been very pleasantly surprised. The room I got was spartan, small, but clean and tidy. Bathroom was very clean and had excellent water pressure. So what else would I really need - or expect -- for 68 pounds, in downtown london/Russell Square? BTW, I'm writing this from my laptop -- they have free wifi in the lobby.	
Mar 23 2007 	Nice hotel Excellent location	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a little apprehensive about my visit. However, I was pleasantly suprised. The hotel does look somewhat dingy from the outside however the inside was fine. We arrived before the check in time and expected to be told our room was not ready however we were checked in promptly by polite reception staff. Our room was on the 7th floor and was a decent size and clean. The breakfast was buffet service and was everything was tasty and hot. The location of the hotel was excellent - just a 2 minute walk from Russell Sq tube station we felt we could not have have had a better location. I have no complaints about the hotel whatsoever it was not what i would call posh but i felt it was excellent value for money and more than adequate for what we required (after all how long do you spend in the hotel anyway!) I would recommend the hotel to anyone and would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 27 2007	Clean Cozy Convenient Cheap	If you are looking for a place to hang out, this isn't it: go to the Ritz, or better, stay home. If you want a hotel in which to crash that is centrally located, clean, quiet, safe, and inexpensive, then this place is for you. It is a real bargain. You get a bed, a towel, a bar of soap, a no-frills beakfast, and a friendly and helpful staff. Don't expect more for a one-star joint and you won't be disappointed.	
Jan 31 2007 	warmly recommended (in winter)	The primary consideration in any assessment is value for money.In January - the low season, I suppose - I was able to get a single room for £ 89 for two week-end nights, incl. full English breakfast. An exceptional price for Bloomsbury, very near the rack rate of the low-end hotel of the same chain (County Hotel of Imperial Hotels, £40 per night - see my review of it).For that you get a rather spacious room (by London standards), with full en-suite. The bath filled (with really hot water) and emptied quickly - the shower worked. Both bath and washbasin had fitting plugs. The taps and WC cistern did not leak. Good quality coat hangers are provided, in a wardrobe which closes properly. All this is unusual in London hotels at less than £60 per person per night.Admittedly, as some visitors have pointed out, you do not get any shampoo or fancy body lotion. There is no hair dryer, but a trouser press (an obvious bias towards businessmen during the week).The downside with the Imperial Hotels chain is that the coffee-making facilities are the same whatever the hotel. You do not get a better selection (including cocoa, for instance) if you go to a more expensive hotel than the bottom-line County Hotel.And the &quot;coffee&quot; served with breakfast is the same horrid potion whatever the grade of the hotel.I would hesitate to go during the hot season. It would be impossible to sleep with the windows open. Some rooms look out on the street, and London traffic never stops, day and night. Others, like mine, look out on the back yard. But then there is a gigantic ventilation plant with noisy engines rumbling all the night. You cannot win.I do not understand the criticism by other visitors concerning the breakfast room and the lifts: I found them clean and functional, and the decor of the bar (old sporting equipment) is nice for foreign tourists who come to England to reinforce their preconceptions. Italian and Spanish, with some French and Slavic languages, were most commonly to be heard in the breakfast room - the most helpful staff coming from the Far East. A truly international hotel, warmly recommended for a winter stay - especially if you can get bargain rates.	
Jan 26 2007 	Not bad at all	We stayed in this hotel for one night. We booked it as partof of &quot;show&quot; deal.Great location. Room was clean. Standard was good.Breakfast (full english) was very good.For a budget hotel in London this hotel gives good valuefor money.Just remember what you are booking and you should getno surprises.	
Jan 11 2007 	Hated It	I took a family vacation in October '06 and stayed at this hotel for only a short time. My parents had booked two travel packages first (2 people per a package). My boyfriend and I decided that we would go along also, so my mom booked a second package but with different hotels. From the second we landed in Gatwick it was bad. The travel agency had messed up our transfers so my bf and I had 4 transfers to the airport (instead of 2 from the airport and 2 back to the airport). So the lady at the shuttle desk called whoever, and then they sent us on the shuttle to the President Hotel (which we were supposed to be staying at the Kensington Park Hotel). When we arrived at the President Hotel the staff took our voucher for the hotel, instead of sending us to the proper one. Then on our fourth day, when we went to check-out to go to Paris, the front desk lady told us that there had been a problem with our voucher and they would have to charge us. Which my parents just paid cause they didn't want to deal with problems while on our vacation. This hotel is seriously not the place to stay. It was in a convenient location (by Russell Square) and the bell boy was so helpful and really nice (compared to everyone else there). The continental breakfast was very poor and the room it is served in smells damp like pee (or atleast I thought so). You can upgrade from the continental breakfast to an english breakfast (or whatever they call it) for 4 pounds more, but even that isn't worth it.The rooms were small and old. If you stay here get the room with two single beds because there is more room than the double bed. Maybe I'm just used to a more western style of a hotel, but when we arrived back from Paris, my boyfriend and I went to the Kensington Park Hotel (that we were supposed to stay at from the beginning) and that place was amazing compared to the President Hotel.	
Jan 10 2007 	A great value and convenien location! Will stay again.	My family stayed here over the Chistmas holiday in 2006. As seasoned budget travellers, we would wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to other thrify gadabouts. The hotel staff was friendly and accommadating. A continental breakfast was provided with the room tariff with a hot full english breakfast available for an additional fee. The room was clean and included a divided bathroom with shower on one side and toilet and bidet on the other. As with most european hotels, the rooms were smaller than what some americans are accustomed to and don't expect the friperies like hair dryer and scented shampoos. The establishment is 2 small blocks from the Russell Square tube station, which connects to most major attractions and museums and about 4 blocks from the British Museum. There are several restaurants closeby and a very friendly pub on the way to the Russell Square tube station. If you bring your own face cloth and shampoo this facility should provide you with a great place to stay while visiting a world class city. Please Note: The hotel is being refurbished so you might want to request a room on a floor away from the construction noise.	
Jan 10 2007 	Horrible	Travelled in July 2003. The only good thing about this hotel is that it is situated opposite a tube station. The hotel is old and dirty. The front desk looks like something out of a bad 1940's movie. The elevators are filthy and emit disgusting odours. The rooms are small, windows don't open, bathroom is falling apart, and carpets dirty. Maybe it as just my room :) The breakfast was very bad, it tasted like bad canteen food. The staff are friendly and willing to assist but overall the hotel is bad.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great value!	In April 2006, we spent a delightful fortnight in London's with the President Hotel as our home base.From the outset we knew we weren't looking for the 5-Star experience. What we wanted was a safe, quiet, clean and comfortable place to stay that wouldn't break our budget. Our room on the second floor was all that.The location is unbeatable - steps away from Russell Square, five minutes max. to the British Museum. A ten minute walk from Covent Garden and the West End.+ the friendly, helpful staff, + spotless rooms,+ location,+ price- rooms were a bit small- no internet access in rooms, access in lobby was unreliable	
Dec 20 2006 	No Problems	We stayed from 10th to 12th December. Twin room number 437We got a great deal on the room and knew it was a budget hotel so didnt really expect much. The room was clean, the beds comfortable and the bathroom spotlessWe only had one towel each but got extras when we asked for them. We had to pay a refundable £10.00 charge to borrow a hairdryer. There are no toiletries supplied in the bathroom apart from soap so bring your own.There was plenty of storage in room. We only slept in the room as we didnt go to London to sit in a hotel room all day :-) Shopping is far more interestingThe Tea tray in the room consisted of tea bags, coffee and powdered milk. We never used it. If you like your coffee perhaps bring a small jar with you. We had full breakfast, Everything was fine with the cooked breakfast, plenty of toast etc but the juice was dreadful squash and the tea and coffee were awfulThe tube station (Russell Square) is only about 2 minutes walk away, the tube here goes all the way to Heathrow Airport. The hotel is joined to the Imperial Hotel which has a bar serving food until late.There is a 24 hour Tesco shop directly across from the tube station.We had to check out at 11 on the day we were leaving and were able to leave our bags at the hotel safely stored for a small charge.Overall we were quite happy with the President and will use it again next time we are doing London on a budget	
Dec 4 2006 	Get what you pay for	We stayed at this hotel for an overnight stopover whilst seeing a London show. The hotel is in a good location - right by Russell Square underground station, and within a 15 minute walk to theatreland.The good points were that the room was clean and warm and the bathroom spotless.The bad points were outdated decor, pillow cases with the name of the hotel on it (as if you would take them!) and paper thin walls to the adjoining room - we could hear every word!Also, complimentary tea and coffee came with powdered milk sachets and no spoon.The breakfast was also disappointing. There were no individual tables to sit at, seating were long tables and you just had to find a seat next to whoever. The food itself was ok. The cooked breakfast was hot and ok, but orange juice was cheap squash and the cereals looked like tesco's value range if you get my meaning.The old saying, &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; springs to mind as it was cheap and not that cheerful.	
Dec 3 2006 	Dirty drab unwelcoming and canteen food.	The hotel is old and dirty. The staff can be described at best as being present, saved only by a smiley faced bell boy! The Hotel give a voucher for a 3 course meal on the 1st night stay. It is canteen food and to be honest i had better at school. The price was reasonable compared to other Hotels but we have stayed in far superior Hotels for the same or less price. It didn't wreck our weekend as the Russell Square tube station is 2 minutes away allowing an easy escape to the 20th century and we had a fantastic evening at the Dominion theatre at the 'We will rock you' show. I can only comment on the English breakfast as i didn't have the continental. It was reasonable and there was a good choice. Also it was included in the price. The down sides were that the entire Hotel ate with you and you all sat in rows. The cleanliness is very questionable, highlighted by the fact that the staff turned the table cloth over rather than removing it. (must have been clean underneath?). To sum up, if you want a Hotel on a budget and some where to lay your head situated in a convenient location then it's ok. If you demand more from your accomodation then i would advise you to pay a little more to save being disappointed.	
Nov 27 2006 	Decent budget hotel at a great location	My wife &amp; I stayed at the President for 2 nights during the second weekend in November. We had booked the hotel &amp; Dirty Dancing show tickets as a package, as I couldn't get tickets on their own. I knew the hotel was at the cheaper end of the market, but wasn't overly concerned as the reviews on TripAdvisor were reasonable &amp; we didn't plan to stay too long in the room anyway.A couple of days before we arrived, I had an accident with my foot which left me in plaster &amp; on crutches - suddenly I was lot more apprehensive about the hotel &amp; the trip. I needn't have worried!Firstly, if you are travelling from Heathrow into London then this hotel is ideal. It is on the Piccadilly Line which runs direct from Heathrow every 5 minutes with no changes required. Get off the tube at Russell Square, and it's about a dozen steps from the platform up to the lifts which take you to street level. At the front entrance to the tube station, there is a 24-hour Tesco Express immediately facing you, which is ideal for any last-minute necessities or a quick snack. Turn Left, walk about 30 yards, and take the first small street on your Left (Herbrand Street) and you can see the hotel facing you. It's no more than a minute's walk from the tube station - 2 minutes if you're on crutches! &lt;lol&gt;The reception is large &amp; airy, but certainly not modern. The bar &amp; restuarant is to your Left, lifts &amp; stairs immediately facing you, and reception to your Right. Check-in took less than 2 minutes, and we got a bonus - a free evening meal for 2 on the first night courtesy of the package company. We didn't know anything about this, apparently it was a limited special offer, and it could be used at any of the FIVE hotels in the same chain in the immediate vicinity. The voucher did say that it could be used on the first night only, but when I explained to the receptionist that we already had a table booking for that evening she immediately offered [even before I could ask] to amend the voucher so that that it could be used on our second night (which is when we were going to the show) with no problem at all. There are four lifts immediately adjacent to each other, and with the porter assisting we had checked-in and got to the room in 5 minutes flat ... takes some beating.The room itself was pretty small, and the bed was even smaller. This will be an issue if you are tall ... I am 5'10&quot; and my feet were touching the bottom of the bed. The room was clean as was the bathroom, though only one bath towel each - no hand towels. This is where the budget element of the hotel appears. The shower was fine, pretty powerful, and no issues with hot water. There was a wardrobe with lots of hangers in it, and space for our luggage. There was no view to speak of out the window, as our room faced into an internal courtyard, but definitely not an issue for us ... we were not staying in this hotel to sit &amp; look out the window!That first evening I had a table reservation at a Bangladeshi restaurant in SOuthampton Row, which was only a 10-minute walk from the hotel even with my crutches, and it was fab. There are LOADS of restaurants within 5-10 minutes walk of the hotel, simply turn Left &amp; walk directly up to Russell Square (1 minute). There is a Barclays Bank on the corner (free cash machine), and turn Left walking up Southampton Row. We counted at least twenty restaurants of varying styles &amp; prices before we reached the one we had booked online (35% discount at the Hason Raja just by booking online, superb). We also passed another Tesco Express here as well, though not sure if this one was open 24hrs.When we came out of the restaurant it was raining heavily, and I was quite tired, so we headed back to the hotel. We had a drink at the bar, which was pretty reasonable for Central London (under a fiver for a pint of lager &amp; a glass of wine) before heading to bed. We had no noise issues at all with our room, didn't hear another soul even though the hotel was full (as we overheard some turn-up arrivals being told).If you are the sort of person who complains about only having whitener or no teapot in your room (even though the in-room hospitality tray was perfectly acceptable in the morning for tea/coffee) then The President is not for you. Breakfast on Saturday morning was great, lots of fruit &amp; cereal to choose from, and many different hot items in the buffet section. The breakfast tables are not indivdual, the tables are all pushed together to make large tables seating 12-16 but it's not a problem to get a seat on your own if you choose to do so.We travelled around London on the tube (£18 for a 3-day pass covering all six zones including Heathrow) &amp; found that Russell Square was ideally placed. Direct link to Knightsbridge for Harrods, also Oxford Circus &amp; Leicester Square, and only 2 stops/no changes to Covent Garden on the Saturday night for the show. Travelling to Westminster for the London Eye was quick &amp; effortless and the same for Camden Town on Sunday morning for the market.The concierge service at the hotel was great, always asking if we needed assistance with anything &amp; ensuring that I was okay on my crutches. They will hail a taxi for you if required, and have great knowledge about where to go &amp; what to see.The Saturday night at the hotel restaurant was a carvery, and is priced at £17.95 , so getting this free for both of us was good value. It opens at 5:30pm, and we were there on time (no reservation required), and quickly got seated &amp; served our starters of prawn cocktail ... good tall glasses with lots of prawns, with additional salad available. The food was great, and I wouldn't have minded paying the £17.95 at all for the convenience of being able to dine pre-theatre in the hotel itself before catching the tube to Covent Garden.We were up early on Sunday morning to check-out, when the fire alarm went off around 9am. We quickly exited the room &amp; walked to the elevators which also had a stairwell emergency exit. There was no panic, everyone just moved along at a reasonable pace. We gathered outside the hotel on the opposite side at the street. There were hotel fire wardens visible, but no attempts made to advise anyone of what was going on. The fire brigade were on the scene within a couple of minutes of us getting outside, and we were back in the hotel within 20 minutes as it was only a false alarm. As we had almost finished packing anyway, we went back to our room &amp; returned to reception to check-out. Again this was effortless &amp; fuss-free. We spoke to the concierge, who took our luggage to the locked luggage room behind the lifts, as we were not flying home until Sunday evening, and there was no problem leaving our luggage &amp; collecting it later. This costs a massive 50p per bag - best bargain of the weekend!All-in-all, this is a reasonablly priced budget hotel. If you don't expect luxury, get it for a decent price, &amp; don't plan to spend hours sitting in your room then the location of this hotel makes it ideal if you're attending a show in the West End or planning to see the sights over a weekend.	
Nov 10 2006 	Stay away - noisy building site	This was the worse hotel i have stayed in. We stayed in a double on the 3rd floor. What we were not told is that the entire 4th floor was being renovated. The workmen started at 7am right above us – and then the power drills began at 8am. I refused to pay for this room and will never return. Terrible food at the restaurant to boot (service pretty good). For a good nights sleep and customer service integrity, stay clear of this place.	
Oct 29 2006 	good average tourist hotel	we stayed at the president for 2 nights and have to say that for the money its very good. dont expect anything flash, if you want 4 or 5 star treatment you have to expect to pay for it. clean rooms, good shower, decent enough breakfast, excellent location, friendly staff. stayed in much worse for more money.	
Sep 30 2006 	worse than I remember	Originally, my plan was to stay at a much better hotel, but since the week of the 17-23 of September happened to be a conference week in London, I couldn't find a better hotel in Bloomsbury/Holborn. I therefore compromised on a single room at the President, with a heavy heart. I had stayed at the President several times before, so I knew more or less what expect. I just didn't realize that in the meantime, this hotel had taken a turn on the worse.The good news is that you have a tube station literally at your doorstep. Another plus is that you get a clean and reasonably sized room with en suit facilities, hot water in the shower and tea and coffee making facilities. But that's basically all you can expect.I was offered a room on the seventh floor or room 574. I chose the latter because it was close the elevator and because the corridor on the fifth floor didn't creak as that of the seventh floor. 574 faces an internal court so there's no view from this room but it's supposed to very quiet. Alas, I was woken up at 6:00 AM by heavy construction noise from a nearby building. The next morning it happened again so I asked the receptionist to find another room for me. I moved to 332. 332 faces Guilford street, which can be quite noisy in the evening, but it has a window on top of another window. I guess that's the 1960s equivalent of double glazing... The room itself was in a poorer condition than 574 and badly needs renovation. It wasn't as quiet as I had hoped either: I was woken up by the adjacent room's wakeup call at 6:00AM. The following morning, another early morning phone call in the neighbors' room woke me up. I could actually hear every word uttered in the conversation through the paper thin walls (I had earplugs in my ears, mind you!)As for the hotel amenities: there aren't any. They don't have an in room safe. I hoped they'd have a safe at the front desk. No such luck. Instead, you can hire a safe at the nearby Imperial hotel. I decided to give it up and keep my money and passport with me at all times. They offer minibars on their Web site but this is false advertising. They don't have minibars of fridges at the President, as I found out the hard way.The full English breakfast had taken a turn on the worse since my previous stay. Whereas in 2004 they would serve slices of Cheddar cheese, croissants, brown bread toasts and most important of all: aromatic filter coffee, all of these were gone. Instead, they're now serving cheap vending machines coffee with a horrible taste (what is it with London hotels and this horrid vending machine coffee?). Brown bread toasts were rarely available and the cheese and croissants disappeared without a trace. Even the marmalades are of poorer quality. Add to this the unbearable heat at the breakfast room (it was a hot week in London, but that's no excuse. They could open the windows at least!) and you can imagine that breakfasts weren't exactly a morning delight.Other than that, the tea and coffee making facilities in the room are very basic. You don't get a teapot, which is quite annoying if you want to prepare more than one cup of tea. There's no milk either -- only a whitener. Other hotels offer complimentary mineral water, brown sugar, milk and biscuits.The beds were another issue. The mattress was too soft (and I like my mattress soft). Instead of a proper duvet you get an itching wool blanket wrapped in a white sheet. It took me awhile to get used to this &quot;arrangement&quot;, even though I had experienced it in my previous stays at the President.Overall, the President was a disappointment even for a budget hotel. I guess it's both because the hotel has deteriorated and because I got used to higher standards in recent years. In any event, I will not stay there again. At 67 pounds per night, there are far better bargains in London such as the Bonnington. I've learned my lesson well: next time I'll book a fine hotel first, before making any other travel arrangements.	
Sep 12 2006	Excellent Value in Central London	Stayed Saturday 9/09/06 overnight in a double room with ensuite bathroom.The room was average size, clean and quiet.The breakfast was a hot or cold or BOTH buffett, which was VERY good.The staff are unobtrusive and very helpful.The hotel is VERY near the British Museum and the West End theatre area. Public transport is very close to give access.We paid including breakfast £75.00. I heartily recommend it	
Aug 22 2006 	You get what you pay for	The room was fine, no problems there. But the food, oh god the food was terrible. You just couldn't eat it! The dinner - old shrivelled lettuce, yellow potato salad, disgusting, grubby, dirty chef carving the meat, even the fruit sald was gone off!!! The breakfast - chewy, cold, burnt toast, couldn't bear to touch anything else, so greasy. Service was OK. Good location, near Russell Square station, and Tesco Express beside it too (you'll need to get your breakfast there!).	
Jul 6 2006	Good location	My family stayed at the hotel on a holiday. The hotel is in a good location considering it is near Russel Square Tube Station and with nearby grocery store, convenience store and pub. The hotel is dated and old. Rooms are clean but small although the 2 twin bed rooms which my children stayed are larger than the double bed rooms. The bathrooms are newly renovated although they did not supply shampoo nor was there a hairdryer. It was quite hot/warm when we stayed there and there is no air conditioning so we have to open the windows at night. The morning reception people is fine, however, i don't find the night shift people to be friendly. They also do not answer reception calls immediately. I really don't find the service to be that great. Continental breakfast served is nothing fancy (Toast,coffee, tea, orange juice, cereal). Additional 4 pounds if you want to do an American buffet (with sausage and bacon). If you just needed a place to sleep at night, then the hotel is fine.J	
Jun 25 2006	Good Position	We found this hotel to be very good value for money with very friendly and helpful staff .The room was very well appointed with all amenities and very clean,with good lighting and the bath and shower were excellent and the water lovely and hot at all times.Good breakfast and plenty of it.The location was excellent.all in all an enjoyable stay and would stay again without a doubt.	
Jun 20 2006	good value great location	Stayed in The President Hotel for 3 nights and if you aren't planning to stay in the hotel all day and want just a place to lay your head then this is ideal.Vey clean and tidy hotel but with a very dated decor.Don't let that put you off, however.Staff very helpful and polite and in an absolutely ideal setting.Russell Sq Tube just down a lane and a 24hr Tesco Express makes this a very good hotel as a base for sightseeing in London.Would have absolutely no qualms about staying in this hotel again, and for the price i paid for what i got, was delighted.	
May 28 2006	Nice hotel with great location	The President Hotel is indeed situated in a perfect location at Russell Square. The hotel is very old fashioned, but clean and the staff extremely friendly.*** Sleeping quarters – the rooms and bathroom were okay, although the bed might feel a bit small if you are tall.*** Breakfast at the hotel – The Continental breakfast is really simple (variety of jam, juices / milk / coffee / water and tee / toast / a few buns … nothing else), nevertheless the hotel also offers, for an additional cost, an original English breakfast with beans, tomatoes, scramble eggs, bread and so forth.So in a nutshell, if you are looking for an affordable hotel with a good location and not too many extras, I will certainly recommend the President Hotel.	
May 20 2006	okay(ish) tourist hotel no good if you are on business	I stayed at the President for 2 days on business in May. As a business hotel it's pretty terrible, it doesn't feel particularly clean, the decor and everything about it just smacks of 1970s, your key is on a giant metal pole, there's no hairdryers, there's an ironing room with scabby ironing boards and an iron with dubious wiring. I was staying in a room on the second floor which appears to be the smoking floor in the hotel which still has the original shockingly bad patterned carpet. Other floors seemed to have been modernised however. The hotel reception has a really bad smell of overcooked roast dinners as there is a nightly cavery in the restaurant. In its favour however the staff are polite and incredibly helpful which I find is something of a rarity in London. It's in a great location, Russell Square tube station is a short walk away, and if you are in London on holiday and don't want to blow your budget on accommodation and aren't planning to spend much time in the hotel then for £89 a night you probably can't complain. The rooms are of a good size for London standards and the showers are very powerful which is always a bonus.I can't comment on the breakfast - I didn't hang around to sample it as the smell in reception of over boiled cabbage took away my appetite.	
Jan 24 2006	Loved the President	We stayed at the President December 28-January 4.Maybe because we paid full rack rate we got extra good treatment. The double room was exceptionally large for a tourist class London hotel. The room was not fancy - for Americans, think Motel 6. There was plenty of hot water. Although we used the stairs mostly, we noticed the lifts were working whenever we went thru the lobby.The room was on the first floor (one flight up from street) overlooking a quiet back garden. The weather was cool during our stay, so double glazing helped keep the room warm.Free wi-fi is available in the lobby of the Imperial Hotel, which connects to the lobby of the President.Any breakfast that includes English bacon is ok with us, but the full breakfast buffet was outstanding. In America we don't usually have stewed tomatoes, baked beans, and fish for breakfast, but we certainly enjoy the variety when we are in London. We didn't need a snack before noon with the buffet full breakfast.We definitely will stey at the President Hotel next time we are in London.	
Jan 14 2006	Very Nice	I'm not going to give 4 or 5 stars to this hotel because it's 3* hotel..and I think it deserves 3*....when we got to the Hotel we said Oh my God it's not nice, coz the facade it's not very welcoming, but when we got in we found out that it was nice, I wasn't pretending anything much..but it was a typical English Hotel..70's style...the staff were very nice and one of the porters was very helpful. The room was brilliant!! very clean, comfortable bed, nice bathroom &amp; everything was working properly. The breakfast was ok..I thought that there would be much more variety but hey I can't complain because I only take a bowl of cornflakes. The staff were very nice, they always greeted us with &quot;Good Morning&quot;. If I'd go to London again I would definitely choose this Hotel. Oh and EXCELLENT LOCATION!!	
Dec 13 2005	excellent location but hotel not great	Great Location butsmall rooms (cruise ship size)dated, very warm summer and no air conditioning, very noisy to street noise when windows open. Would not stay here again.	
Nov 21 2005	Great Location for the Money	Just returned from 5 nights at The President Hotel, centrally located within walking distance of the British Museum,Covent Garden,interesting ethnic restaurants...and very convenient to the Tube, buses, etc. However, the rooms are very dated and small. We had to ask for shampoo, and a hairdryer (for which we had to leave a deposit!) The showers are very narrow. Our bed was on wheels and... travelled. However, we were eventually able to change to a much better room overlooking lovely Russell Square. Be sure to ask for one of them. The included continental breakfast is very basic...tea/coffee, juice, and toast or a dry roll with butter and/or jelly (no preserves). The full breakfast, available for purchase,is inedible. Nonetheless, we will probably return here in the Spring because, despite its total lack of charm, you can't beat the price and location.	
Oct 12 2005	affordable and great location	My friend and I have just returned from London and stayed 6 nights at the President Hotel.Our room was clean, with 2 twin beds, they changed the linens everyday.The mattresses were a little lumpy but not all that bad.We were on the 1st floor overlooking Russel Park and the main street so it was a little noisy but it didn;t bother us.The location is great, we walked all over London and only took the tupe a couple of times.The continental breakfast is just that, toast and muffins/coffee/tea.There are some great places just up the street towards Oxford street where you can get a cheap breakfast also good places for dinner.If you walk just across the main entrance there is a small road that leads to Russel Sq. station on the way is a really great pub.The staff were very pleasant and helpfull.I would stay there again.	
Sep 25 2005	Over night trip to London to go to the theatre	My self and my wife stayed at THE PRESIDENT HOTEL between the 19th &amp; 20th of SeptemberThe hotel is only aprox 100/150mtrs (2.5 mins) walk from RUSSELL SQ tube station, this is great if you want to travel around LondonThe staffs were polite and friendlyThe rooms were clean &amp; tidy but on the basic side (BUT THIS IS ONE OF THE CHEAPER HOTELS IN LONDON).The bed was a bit uncomfortable it was ok for one night but much longer stays I would take a mattress topper(This might be unfair as I have a very nice bed back at home)The water/shower was always hot at all time, the TV was ok but the UK cannels had a bit of a bad signal on oursThe breakfast was fine, you could eat as much as you wantedThe reason for our stay was to see Les Miserables at the Queens Theatre, it was a great night out, We also when to China town for a meal before hand it is only a across the road.We had to check out of our room by 11am, but for 50p only!! the hotel staff will look after your bags for the rest of the day, this was great as we went shopping around Covent Garden and Portobello road (market), we also visited some Museums, (all the main ones are free in London) it would of been a pain with all your bags etc, (we gave the porter a tip of £5.00 on our return)I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE STAFF FOR A NICE OVER NIGHT STAY	
Jul 30 2005 	Affordable and well located	Affordable and well located. A very dissapointing service. Do not fancy breakfast but close by hotel there are very good restaurants that serves smashing breakfast. The clerks are cold (never smiles) and seems as if they are tired of life. Suggest improvement in management.	
Jul 17 2005	Sorry bad experience	The rooms were ok and clean but the service at the hotel was the worse I have ever experienced in my life. A very rud foreign supervisor. I was so dissapointed with the service and I ask reservations for this hotel as years ago I found a wonderful service. It is well located but only that. I would never get back not even if I were to have a room free...I do not recommend it based on my experience and I contacted the travel agency that booked my reservations and informed them of all the wrongdoing and bad experience. As soon as I arrived I wrote a letter to the President Hotel complaining about my frustration on the treatment received. Needless to say, my luggage was left behind in Italy by the airline company and they informed me that I will have it back next day at the hotel. I informed the hotel about it and also the clerks. Few days went by and no luggage. I then phoned the airline at the airport and they said they had the luggage next day but at the hotel they said I was not listed. I could not enjoy my stay as every day I used to interrupt to go back to the hotel to find out and the supervisor treated me so rudly (he spoke very bad English). I am happy that I found your website so I can again let you know how dissapointed I was. You do not care for your clients. You definitely need to change. My brother is planning to go to London and I advise him not to go to your hotel and so I have told many as I am still on shock about your service and years have gone by since l999!	
Jul 17 2005	the rooms are ok	The room are ok. Only the rooms. The service is the worse I had ever seen in my whole travel life! I believe it is due to change of owners as once I had a wonderful experience but that was years ago when British people were in charge. The supervisor is very very very rude and care about the visitors, nothing. It was truly a nightmare and in my return home I have told so many friends about it. Prefer to stay in a home type hotel near Russell square. By the way, my suitcase was left behind in Rome and I told the supervisor about it and also the clerks and they send the luggage back stating I was not staying at the hotel.	
Jun 28 2005	Budget Hotel...and I mean Budget!	My husband and I stayed at the &quot;President&quot; for 4 days in May. Now, I do admit this was our first stay in London, so, I believe our expectations were high, but we were shocked. The hotel staff never smiled, ever. The room key is attached to a metal rod about 25 cm. long, can someone tell me what I'm supposed to do with that? The whole hotel was smokey and had a funky odor. The bed was bowl shaped. Towels and bed linens threadbare. The continental breakfast was a bit of a joke, because the greeter ushers you through the &quot;main&quot; restaurant to the room in the back. I refer to it as &quot;the walk of shame&quot;. I will say the location was decent and we met some nice people. We won't be back.	
Jun 21 2005 	Ok if you like the retro look!	I have never seen decor as dated as in this hotel... and don't expect some wonderful period items from that comment! Wooden veneer everywhere, shower curtain with ships on it! Small single bed on wheels that moved when you sat on it. Secondary double glazing about 8 inches from the main window.The breakfast room is segregated into two areas, for those who have full english breakfast included and those just having continental. You help yourself to EVERYTHING - including tea and coffee, from big urns, toast from luke warm piles, tinned fruit and a choice of 4 cereals. The continental breakfast did not appear to offer anything other than rolls, tea, coffee, jam and toast.The bin had not been emptied in the bedroom prior to my stay. Apart from that, everything appeared to be clean. Good things - close to the tube, central. However, there are better hotels around for this price.	
Jun 1 2005	Not fancy but great location	Room was small (cruise ship cabin small) but clean. Bathroom sink had 2 separate taps. Shower water pressure was good, but towels were thin and only soap was provided. Full breakfast was good, but missing mushrooms and potatoes. Four types of eggs, but all featured overcooked yolks (there were egg cups, but the eggs were hardboiled). Self serve coffee and tea was convenient. Great location. Around the block from a pub, underground (Piccadilly Line, where most of tourist sites lie) and a 24 hour Tesco Express (good for late night snacks). Within walking distance of British Museum and British Library, and reasonable walk from Oxford Street.Overall, decent option for the price.	
Apr 18 2005	great Chesterfield sofas	Myself and my wife stayed here for a weekend in April 2005, It`s fairly priced for its standard as it is in a great location for getting around central London as the underground station Russell Square is approx 50 meters away plus if you feel like walking Oxford Street is only around half a mile away. The double room we stayed in was very clean and the shower was outstandingly powerfull and hot (marvellous),however the double bed was a little on the small side and we are not large people ! also the room walls seemed very thin as we were able to here our neighbours &quot;talking&quot; The hotel has a very relaxing foyer with several bars and resturaunts,drinks are not over priced and the Chesterfield sofas in the Sportsmans bar are extremeley comfortable ! We ate a meal at the hotel carvery which was adequate for the cost. Generally this hotel has a nice feel about it and although you could possibly find accomadation a little cheaper this hotel is located well and is clean with friendly staff and we would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2005	A Great President	A very pleasant and comfortable tourist hotel. Would return any time.	
Feb 12 2005	I would recommend it	My Husband and I were there in January, The rooms were very clean and the accomodations were great, lots of heat , no complaints here.  We definatley will be back. 	
Feb 4 2005	Okay for London	This hotel has small rooms, is quite noisy at times. My wife and I stayed there in May, 2004 for a couple of nights. The hotel is well placed near the British Museum and Russell Square tube. The included continental breakfast was okay for London (awful) and was served in a very pleasant dining room. The rooms had very flimsey locks and the towels were threadbare. The walls were paper thin so you could hear conversations in adjoining rooms. Service was disinterested but not rude which seems the London norm. By London standards, this hotel is fine. London hotels are generally awful and service seems to be an exercise in class warfare throughout the UK. I love London and if I didn't have to buy food, lodging or transportation, or breath in the tube, you wouldn't be able to get rid of me.	
Jan 13 2005	Would go again!	I wasn't expecting much after reading the reviews but when we arrived I was really surprised. We checked in fine and our room was reasonable sized and very clean. The bathroom was a good size. The only thing that was a bit disappointing was the breakfast; if you like toast and orange juice then you'll be fine. Its location is fantastic for both the Russell Square tube station and for the shopping!!	
Jan 8 2005	Expected the Worst got the Best		
Nov 17 2004	Decent hotel and service but small rooms and narrow beds.		
Oct 3 2004	decent		
Jul 23 2004	Third world breakfast.		
May 28 2004	Much too cold!		
Mar 12 2004	great location		
Feb 17 2004	Absolutely Awful		
Feb 16 2004	Does the trick		
Jan 27 2004	Basic Hotel in London		
Jul 3 2003	Good location affordable nothing fancy		
Jul 3 2003	Relación calidad/precio buena		
Nov 23 2009 	Sauberes und zentral gut gelegenes Hotel!		
Nov 22 2009 	Céntrico y estupenda relación calidad-precio		
Nov 10 2009 	Tolle Lage gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Nov 3 2009 	Bueno		
Oct 4 2009 	?????????????????		
Oct 2 2009 	???????		
Oct 1 2009 	recomendo		
Sep 10 2009 	buono ma con qualche appunto		
Sep 5 2009 	buonissima posizione buon hotel		
Aug 27 2009 	Muy buena ubicacion		
Aug 20 2009 	Médiocre - à éviter		
Jul 19 2009 	Seul déception dans notre voyage		
Jul 16 2009 	guardatevi le spalle		
Jul 14 2009 	??????????		
May 27 2009	super bien placé		
Apr 23 2009 	ravi du séjour		
Apr 18 2009 	buena situación hotel sencillo pero correcto		
Apr 15 2009	londra hotel president		
Apr 13 2009 	In posizione strategica senza tante pretese		
Apr 5 2009 	A los españoles iberojet nos metio en las peores habitaciones del hotel		
Mar 18 2009 	buon albergo in centro senza pretese e con occhio al portafoglio		
Feb 23 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità / prezzo		
Jan 7 2009 	??????????????????		
Dec 4 2008 	Correcto  no más		
Aug 20 2008 	Hotel très bien placé		
Jul 29 2008 	ancora londra		
Jul 7 2008 	Hotel Président : j'achète !		
Jun 9 2008 	Proprio un buon HOTEL!!!		
May 13 2008 	excellent rapport qualité prix		
Apr 13 2008 	Si vuelvo a Londres repetiré.		
Mar 27 2008	hotel muy correcto para ser Inglaterra		
Mar 25 2008 	Lo que me esperaba del President		
Mar 12 2008 	Recomendable por el precio y la ubicacion		
Mar 10 2008 	el hotel más feo que he visto enmi vida		
Oct 25 2007 	Non male...		
Jul 19 2007 	J'ai adoré!		
Feb 23 2007 	Bon Hotel très bien placé		
Aug 16 2006	chambres simples		
