Nov 15 2009 	If the price is low then it's ok but only then!	We booked our stay the night before we arrived and therefore got a very good price. It was a last minute trip so we said &quot;good location and a three star hotel at low rate, preferably with breakfast included&quot; And that's what we got. Well, I don't know about three star it could also have been a two star. i think it depends on what room you get! We got a pretty nice room when we arrived late and we really wondered what all bad reviews where about. Well, we found out when we got to bed - it was like sleeping on the floor, and when we tried to get the shower on - it was almost impossible to turn it on and once we got it turned on it did'nt get off! So, with a smile on our lips we got to shange to another room with a brand new shower! Beside this little insidence (the bed was fixed with extra plankets under the sheet) we think we could recomend it but only if you don't pay to much! Location is great and the breakfast ok. Couple from Sweden	
Oct 29 2009 	Do not stay here...	I booked to stay at this hotel but had to cancel my stay. I cancelled well within the time set out in the terms and conditions so that I wasn't charged, but the hotel charged me for the first nights stay..trying to get the money back has been a nightmare, no one taking my call, returning my call, refunding my money....Don't stay at this place bad customer service taking money from your account without letting you know...I'm having to go through my bank to reclaim the money...YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED..........	
Oct 27 2009 	The worst hotel that I have ever stayed in.	I can not believe how horrible this hotel is. Here is my list: The room was tiny, there was no space to put anything; the wardrobe was too small, I couldn't even fit my bag in it; there was only one bedside table even though it was a double room, there was only one flat pillow each and a sheet with a blanket that kept sliding off the bed; the light bulb was hanging out of the broken ceiling light fitting, which had no cover; the bathroom was so small you had to walk in sideways; there was no soundproofing between the rooms so you could hear people in the next room talking; the floorboards above us and on our level creaked incredibly loudly to the point I kept expecting to find someone in our room; if someone in another room used their bathroom you could hear as the pipes were running through our room; communual doors were left to slam, waking us up; there was no hot water for a shower; we had to shut our window because of people smoking below our window outside; the stairwells were disgustingly dirty; there was part of a banister missing in one of the stair wells; we were disturbed by a cleaner knocking on our door 45mins before checkout time. I managed about 5 hours sleep in this incredibly noisy, dirty, uncomfortable, cramped hotel. Not at all the refreshing break I had planned. I would of had far more sleep staying at home with the children!! Please never ever go to this horrible hotel!	
Oct 27 2009 	Filthy dirty extremely poor hotel. The owner is dishonest.	We were travelling in Norway and had booked an 8 night stay (Saturday through the following Sunday nights) in this hotel. Our plans changed to leave London for two nights and I contacted Hotels.com to cancel our stay on Friday and Saturday, returning on Sunday night. We were told that this could be done at the hotel upon our arrival. The owner informed me that, with five full days notice, the two night cancellation was not a problem and that we could leave one piece of luggage in the hotel lobby during our absence. We departed on Friday, returning the key card for our room. We returned on Sunday and checked out on Monday. Upon checkout the owner went back on his word and refused to refund us for the two nights we had cencelled. He said that we may be able to get a refund through Hotels.com. We had no time to argue because we had to catch a plane at LHR.I am amazed that this hotel has a three-star rating as the place is unfit for habitation. Check out my pictures and you be the judge. This hotel would surely fail most all requirements of the Canadian Hotel Association Standards in terms of health and safety, services and customer relations. I most strongly discourage people for using this hotel.	
Oct 25 2009 	Crap!!!!	The price and location seemed good but it was not worth it. The room was tiny with there not being enough space for 2 people to move around without one going and standing in the toilet. The bed had one flat pillow each a sheet and dirty blanket. The en-suite was also small and you had to walk in sideways past the sink to get in. The walls between the rooms were obviously very thin as you could hear people having a normal conversation in the next room. You can hear people all night, pipes clanking, floorboards squeaking, doors banging. The stairways were disgustingly dirty with months of dust lying around. The one we went down had a broken banister which would have been dangerous for young children. In the morning there was no hot water for a shower and when we mentioned this to reception they seemed very disinterested and suggested we washed in the sink. Not the hotel experience we were really looking for!!!	
Oct 18 2009 	Our worst hotelexperience ever	Dirty filthy carpet, small room, too little wardrobe and worst of all, the beds were lousy, filthy, a flat pillow and you only had an old seamy blanket to take over you. Not worthy to be called beds as they were unfit to sleep in. You can hear whatever your neighbour says or do in the next room. The toilet did not flush and the sewer was stopped so there was water in the sink all day. No internet connection was available although it is promised on the website for the hotel. All in all: Disgusting. Don't ever go there.	
Oct 11 2009 	NEVER STAY HERE UNLESS YOU DO NOT WANT TO SLEEP!!	We arrived and the owner was on his personal phone for 15mins then gave us a basement room...the basement hall had no carpet. The room had damp coming through the walls and signs of major structural issues. I have photos to show you!!!TV was from the 1970'sSofa bed was dirty and torn...Please no one should stay here....	
Oct 5 2009 	Please please stay away!!!!!!!!	Please PLEASE don't stay there. My husband booked this hotel for its location if nothing else, as we only needed a bed to sleep on for one night. I had very low expectations, and still this hotel (it doesn't even merit the title of a &quot;hotel&quot;) managed to disappoint and disgust me. I've been to over a hundred hotels and hostels and inns in my lifetime so that's saying something.I suspect the place got a 3-star rating because the owner (cleverly) invested all their resources in the lobby area, because I cannot imagine how it could have gotten the rating with its old, grubby rooms.So, here's the list: tiny room, broken window, tiny TV with poor reception, could barely stand in the bathroom (was actually surprised the shower had hot water), disgusting mattress and blankets (wondered if they had ever been washed in their long lifetime), crappy breakfast (toast, basic cornflakes, boiled eggs and bad coffee)At first, the toilet wouldn't flush, so we told reception on our way out to eat dinner. I guess, looking at some of the other reviews, we're actually lucky they actually fixed it. My husband tried to make a call using the hotel phone but it wouldn't work, so he called to ask reception and they actually told us &quot;that service is no longer available, because some of the other guests had misused that service&quot;, whatever that means. Also, we got a call from reception to come down, because they'd charged our hotel stay to somebody else's credit card, which is a totally different and serious problem as it really got me worried about the safety of our credit card information as well.The misery of the hotel followed me even after I checked out and left, because I fell sick a couple of hours after eating the crappy breakfast, which I strongly suspect was from milk that had gone bad, because toast and milk at the hotel was the only thing I'd eaten that morning.In short, this place has NOTHING to offer in terms of cleanliness, security, comfort, health and even location (you can easily find other much better accommodations at similar distances from the tube station; I know because I've stayed in one, but I won't mention the name).	
Sep 20 2009 	Don't do it!!	I read the reviews after booking the hotel through Lastminute.com and so was dreading staying there (really wish I'd read the reviews first). I wasn't expecting The Ritz and said to my Mother &quot;It's just a bed for a couple of nights, it can't be that bad&quot;. How wrong I was! It was awful....The room was tiny and the walls were filthy. as previously stated, there are no tea/coffee making facilities which to me is a basic requirement. The carpet was thread bare and dirty. I dreaded going back to the hotel each night as it's so gloomy and you wake up feeling dirty. The only positive thing I have to say about it was that the lift works! I've stayed in basic accomodation before but this was by far my worst experience and would urge anyone to stay elsewhere if possible.	
Sep 16 2009 	the magnificent hotel and location	amazing view over the princes square garden,rooms have a comfortable style as have been restored with new carpet and new bed.the staff deserves a special mention thanks. i do recomend this hotel	
Sep 13 2009 	disappointing staytake your own plug!	We werent expecting anything spectacular but after being quite pleased that we actually had a bathtub as well as a shower we were somewhat annoyed to find there was no plug for either the bath or the washbasin,After asking at reception we were told to ask housekeeping the following day which when we did we were told they didnt have any, and to have a shower instead.There are no tea making facilities in the room and although some at reception,these are not free.Room was very small and quite grubby.I have to add that I actually booked the hotel Reem next door but on arrival was told we were being moved to its sister hotel , the Pembridge Palace which was 'better' ,if this was the case then Reem must have been very poor.The hotels obviously move guests between the two of them so there is no guarantee where you will be staying	
Sep 11 2009 	simply awful.	in short, i cannot believe this is a 3 star hotel. upon arrival, the staff were unfriendly and very slow at getting us our room key. we had booked a double room online, only to be told when we arrived that no double rooms were available! the room we stayed in felt dirty and it felt like the walls were made of cardboard - we could hear noise of snoring, talking, showering and using the bathroom from rooms above, below and beside our own. beds were extremely uncomfortable. we generally felt uneasy about the area as it seemed unsafe. at times, we even felt uneasy in the hotel. it was however located very close to bayswater tube station so it was handy enough for travelling into central london. we will not be staying here again and would not recommend it to others.	
Sep 10 2009 	TERRIBLE HOTEL DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	Myself &amp; a friend booked a 3 nt stay at this hotel via Lastminute.com. It was advertised as a 3 star in an upmarket part of London-Bayswater- and had a very impressive photo on the site which made it very appealing. When we arrived we were allocated a very small, cramped twin room with no facilities. The 2 single beds were falling apart, the base was ripped on both all around and the bed covers were a drab brown. The towels were threadbare, faded and dark red. There were no facilities in the room, not even basic tea/coffee/kettle etc. The TV didn’t work, the paint work was very dirty and the window frame had a thick layer of dust. There was no slip mat in the bathroom or floor mat, just a single towel each, no extra hand towel. We complained and were shown 2 further rooms which were equally miserable and thoroughly drab. We then complained to Lastminute.com who routed our call to a centre in India where the staff member agreed to contact the hotel. The hotel, however, refused to refund our money and the staff were unhelpful. We have never been so upset &amp; disgusted and the whole experience spoilt our special weekend. Only consolation was the area.	
Aug 31 2009 	Do not stay here!	I have never been so disgusted by a hotel. We were barely acknowledged as we checked in, we asked for a double room and got a twin. The rooms were tiny and offered no facilities; tv did not work, no bulbs in bedside lamps, no kettle or glass in our room for a drink. The decor was shabby and the toilet was stained. The continental breakfast we were offered was nothing more than tea and toast as they had run out of everything else half an hour before breakfast finished, when I approached a member of staff about this she just laughed!! We got our things, checked out and had breakfast elsewhere. What a total waste of money and it ruined my weekend break!!	
Aug 30 2009 	Don't stay there!	My sister, partner and I stayed at this hotel in August 2009. We booked it on the spur of the moment off lastminute.com. We checked the website and as it was awarded 3 stars we were expecting it to be basic but comfortable. We arrived late at night so the building was lit up at the front and with the white pillars made it look really nice. However, that impression was very quickly erased when we entered our rooms. My sister stayed in a single room on the second floor. Her room was tiny! If you're a bit on the tubby side foget it (luckily my sis is petite)! The bed was placed against the window so she was freezing in the night. However, the bathroom wasn't too bad.My boyfriend and I stayed in the &quot;basement.&quot; There was a window which was covered by a tatty blind and a filthy net-curtain. We peeled back the top cover on the bed and there was a fluffy leopard-skin blanket. Not the type you can really wash in the washing machine, so god knows how many different bodies it must have come into contact with (urgh). There was a white sheet as well so we just used this. The bathroom was clean and the shower was powerful, but there was mould on the ceiling.If you get the room cheap and don't compare it with other 3 star hotels you've stayed in, then you'll be ok. The hotel could be so much better if the owners spent a bit of time updating the rooms - a paint job, decent curtains, proper blankets, etc.	
Aug 21 2009 	Nice and pleasant hotel	Really enjoyed staying at this hotel, was clean, the room had everything we needed. Staff was polite and friendly. Was totally accessible, 5 minute walk from Bayswater tube station which took you anywhere you wanted to go in London. Bus stop was a 5 minute walk too. Bayswater is a lovely area to stay in, with plenty of shops &amp; restaurants &amp; a 5 minute walk to Kensington Gardens which is lovely on a nice summers night. Will definately be coming back again next time we come to London.	
Aug 14 2009 	Depressing!	We booked to stay in this hotel to have a cheap break in London but unfortunately it ended up costing us twice as much because we had to book somewhere else to stay! The receptionist was unhelpful, in the box-like room the toilet and bedding were stained, the carpet looked like it had experienced very little contact with a hoover in its long lifetime.. and whilst in the room unpacking a random 'maintenence' man just wandered in! A shocking 3* hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Grotty grubby hotel	I booked this hotel through lastminute. It is advertised as having cable TV in all bedrooms - it doesn't. It has a small portable TV that, if you're lucky, will receive 1 or 2 analogue terrestrial channels with poor signal quality. The advertised in room Internet connectivity is also not available. There are no cups or glasses in the rooms, so you can't have a drink of water. The curtains were torn, dirty and held up by safety pins. The wiring of the plug sockets is dubious, lots of crackling noises as you plug anything in. Firedoors in the stairwells are wedged open. The carpets are grubby and are even threadbare in places. The hotel advertises that its rooms are recently refurbished, they aren't (the choice of fabric patterns suggests late '80s or early '90s). Everywhere in the hotel with the exception of the entrance is grubby and shabby with a distinct air of neglect.	
Jul 30 2009 	worst hotel in the world	This hotel was filthy and unsafe for any age person. We told reception my sons good headphones was gone from the room not interestered told me to go and see housecleaning because he could nt be bothered moving .Nothing like pictures never go and waste money .Rooms was full of damp and staff at hotel looked scruffy no effort at all	
Jul 13 2009 	Small rooms holes in mattress peeling carpet..	Charged for 2nd night before we had even seen the room- which was probably quite smart on their part as we would not have stayed a second night!Tiny hotel room, dirty bed covers, lumpy pillows, REALLY poor mattress- holes on one side and totally sunk on the other! Huge sash windows that do not stay open- had to wedge ours with a chair.. carpet not tacked down by the door which made it hard to open (trust me, you do not want to get trapped in these rooms!) and carpet totally worn out by the window. The room had a balcony (you had to climb out of the window to get to it) which ran all the way along the front first floor- anyone could have opened the window and got in!The rooms had no safe- nor was one offered at reception so we had to take all our possessions with us each day.Plus side: bathrooms ok with fan, wardrobes were quite nice and you could have as much as you wanted for breakfast, but the choice and quality was not great.	
Jul 11 2009 	Worst hotel ever!	We stayed here without reading any reviews and just picked the hotel because of the location. What a mistake we made, this is the WORST hotel that i have ever stayed in my life - The room was dirty, the bed was broken, the carpet was ripped, the door didn't even lock and the reception staff were rude and spoke very little english - complete waste of money and a disgrace!	
Jul 8 2009 	dont ever go there	it was the most disgusting place i have ever stayed in spoilt my whole weekend, it should be closed downthe staff r rude the place is filthy how they can call this a hotelis beyound me , the bedding was filthy,carpets thread bareno plug in bathroom sink, main light did not work the list would go on to long and this room was one of the better rooms afterrefusing the first 2 . Me and my friend sat in the lobby listeningto all the guests complaining nobody was happy you wouldnot let your dog stay there	
Jun 9 2009 	we gona come again to pembridge palace hotel	Excellent value for money, everything is beyond expectation. Just make sure you know the location well as Princess square is a bit confusing with old road meeting the new. There's a guy wandering in that area targeting &quot;lost&quot; travellers, offer walking you to the door then later asks for few pounds tips.	
May 26 2009 	Not as good as when we last stayed.	We stayed at the Pembridge Palace some 5 years or so ago now and when we recently decided to visit London, we thought Bayswater would be a good place to base ourselves again. The Palace has deteriorated since we last stayed there. I recommended this hotel to my business colleagues in the past but would now hesitate to do so. I like small hotels but expect a modicum of quality, service, peace and cleanliness, all sadly lacking during this visit. It was not cheap either. Sorry Pembridge - must try harder.	
May 8 2009 	Dont believe the Good Reviews This Place was very poor	Booked for 2 nights Arrived to find they did not have the room that we booked directly with the Pembridge 2 months before and had a written confirmation Tried to put us into a hotel down the road. ( This Hotel was a shocker so we insisted on tthem fix thier Problem mysteriously found 2 rooms available ( we had booked a triple room)I dont blame the staff but I do hold the owenersof the Hotel. to task 3 star is a joke. Their rooms are small dirty smelly noisy thin walled and creaky floor boarded fire traps.The electrical switches in the room had live conductors exposed. The Mattress did not have protectors the pillows had stains. The bathroom had fitting falling off and mould.Just dont even bother believing the pictures on the web site. The food at breakfast was poor. No secure area to leave your luggage on the book out day so it sits in the foyer all day before you return to pick it up. There was about 20 suit cases the day we left a would-be thiefs smorgasboard.DONT STAY HERE BE WARNED This is an Honest Review of a very poor standard hotel that should be down graded to 1 star or back packer ( I have stay at better backpacker than this DIVE)	
May 5 2009 	Worst Hotel I've ever stayed in!! DON'T BOOK!!!	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July. The pictures that are shown on the internet of how this hotel looks are very misleading. It was dirty, it smelt and the room was the size of a shoe box. It was so small we had to move the bed so we could open the wardrobe. The towels were ancient and smelt, and felt like sandpaper. The staff were miserable and unfriendly. The dining room was again dirty, for breakfast all they had on offer was a basket with slices of bread in it and some basic brand cornflakes. We took one look at it, and walked out to get food elsewhere. I have stayed at hostels in London in the past for £15.00 a night, which have been a lot nicer than this hotel, which we paid £90.00 per night. The location is quite a walk to the underground, and there isn't many nice pubs and places to eat surrounding the Pembridge Palace. I would love to know how this hotel is rated as 3 star, what a joke. It should be shut down. If you have already booked prior to reading the reviews, my only advice, lose your money and cancel!!	
May 3 2009 	3 star must be a joke	This is a one star hotel worst hotel that i have been in Small and dirty rooms. Even the shades had blood stains on them we asked the service to change them and some light bulps that did not work but nothing happened. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL	
May 1 2009 	good location excellent service	I stayed at this hotel at a good price. As it was my first time in the city, i asked some help for directions and tourist spots. The receptionist was quite helpful. They gave me a lot of brochures for places to see. It was terrific and fun experience. I actually extended my stay because of that. I can say it was my best vacation. I was relaxed and I saw a lot of beautiful places. Although their room is small, I had a comfortable stay and satistified with what I paid. The location is great. It is near to shopping malls, cafes. And they have a private garden which is lovely.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Value For The Money	I found the man on reception to be friendly and polite, as was I, we had a brief chat and he upgraded me from a single to a double room for no extra charge. It certainly pays to be pleasant.The room was really quite small, but it was clean and tidy, as was the en-suite bathroom.Breakfast was fine, nothing special, but the coffee was good.All in all an excellent budget hotel in the very heart of London, I was very happy with it for the low price I paid and would use it again for an overnight stop in the centre of town.	
Apr 17 2009 	good place to stay	I had a great time during my stay. The staffs were generally helpful and polite. Although the room is small, it was well maintained and cleaned eveyday. I love the garden. I find it relaxing. I would definitely recommend you staying there.	
Apr 11 2009 	Beware of this hotel	I have not stayed in the hotel as I had to cancel my booking. I cancelled within time and was told there was a £5 cancellation fee which I was happy to pay. I cancelled my booking on 19th Jan 2009 - I am still waiting on my refund (and today is 11th April)!!!I booked through laterooms.com and they have been brilliant in helping me chase this, the only problem is we keep believing the hotel accounts department when they say they have refunded it. It finally got to the point where on the 9th April they yet again said they had credited my card and when we asked for proof we got a badly faxed receipt on the 10th April with a credited date of the 10th which means they had yet again lied about refunding my card on the 9th April.Laterooms even had to temporarily suspend them from trading on the laterooms web site in order to actually get them to say they hadn't refunded it yet and that they would. They don't seem to answer their phones when we are trying to contact them - what type of hotel refuses to answer phones?? and when we do get through to someone they all seem to have no idea as the one person that would know anything about it always seems to have gone home - I certainly want his working hours cause he seems to get paid for never being at work!I will be checking my accounts on Tuesday once the Easter period is over and if the refund has not occured I am taking legal action as 3 months for a refund is disgraceful.STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL	
Mar 2 2009 	Cheeap - Great Location - Could do with some TLC	You pay for what you get, yes it could do with some redecoration, yes you can hear other guests moving around, but can't you at a lot of hotels, yes rooms are basic, tea/coffee makers in rooms would be a nice touch - breakfast is typical of a lot of hotels these days cereals, toast, tea or coffee. But the beds are comfortable, showers work, bathrooms and bedrooms are clean, location is great, and yes I would stay again. If you want total luxury you will need to pay a lot more than this accommodation in LondonRatings given are based on price paid, if you want five star pay five star prices,	
Feb 24 2009 	Don't visit!!	Poor cleanliness,terrible service in the reception, very small room for two persons..nice and quite location, good value for a hotel in London but it's not what it looks like in the pictures!	
Feb 17 2009 	beware	Be warned if you book this hotel and then for unforseen circumstances need to cancel within the allotted time you will be told you will pay the £5 cancellation fee which is fine however they then take the whole booking fee I have spent the last 10 days trying to get a refund the accounts staff are extremely unhelpful the manager /owner is supposed to be there between 10 and 4 each day but everytime you ring he is not there he does not return calls and noone can help apparently noone else in charge therefore what happens in an emergency you are left stranded I would never book with them again however pay a little more and go elsewhere and just look at the other reviews say no more....	
Jan 18 2009 	Horrible in every way possible. Only good for location.	I found this hotel via hotels dot com where it was listed as a 3 star. It was probably ok as a hostel and certainly wasn't even a 1 star tourist class hotel in my view. I actually booked through the hotels own website where the photos looked decent and the description inviting. They also had an unfeasibly good deal on the week I wanted to stay...I should've twigged that this was too good to be true! I booked for 4nts for about £30 per night in a single ensuite. Which for a well-located hotel is excellent. However, I didn't get value for money or the service I was expecting from a hotel listed as 3star. A palace it aint and calling it a hotel is stretching it, more like a backpackers hostel.First of all you have to find it. The pictures make it seem that the entrance is facing the lovely square but it isn't. It's on a wide street where it's Princes Sq on one side of the street and Leinster Sq on the other. Confusing and annoying when you've got to trek your luggage in sub-zero wintryness. First impressions weren't great. The reception staff were brusque and made you feel like you were disturbing their telly watching. I was given a card key and hoped that this would lead me to a clean, comfortable, quiet room. Luckily they had a small lift and I was on the 2nd floor. I got out and the carpet was worn out in places and alarm bells in my head sounded. Passing through the narrow - one person at a time - corridor I saw that some room doors had obviously been broken into before. My room had two single beds with large sash window looking out onto the square which was nice. Except the windows were old and dirty. The room was a riot of multicoloured patterns from the carpet, curtains and bedspread. It hurt my eyes to look at it all, so I ripped off the frilly flowery nylon bedcover. To my horror, there was fluff and hairs all over th underside of it. I flung it on top of the wardrobe and there it stayed. The pillows were flat and rubbish and the bedding was cheap and nasty. No duvets just fleecy blankets and sheets. I wasn't looking forward to sleeping on it. There wasn't much heating on and it felt very cold. The bathroom was ok, some mould on the tiles. But you could tell that they try to keep it clean but the fixtures are old and worn out giving further bad impressions. The shower worked ok but there was no bath plug (NB to work the shower just turn the large middle knob on its own). The towels are old and frayed and not as fresh as expected. I thought that the single toiletry - sliver of soap - they provided was too funny. I later went out and bought a bar of baby soap from Boots for 57p so that I could compare them. I expected to have tea/coffee making facilities in my room but nothing was evident. When I asked about this they said that it was available only from the reception lobby. The TV worked ok and there was a pathetic little hairdryer in the dressing table drawer. There was hanging space but not enough hangers or any shelves. My door had a huge gap at the bottom where the whole floor was on a slant. I had to open my bathroom door across it to obscure it.Don't expect to get much good sleep or any possibility of a restful lie in. Get earplugs. The floors and doors creak and you can hear the person next door or above you snoring, walking, flushing toilet. You don't have the option of not being disturbed in the morning because the eastern european maids must be paid by the number of rooms they clean and they're very persistent. They'll knock loudly from about 8am and keep on. They probably think that everyone likes to get up early and have breakfast on holiday! I don't eat breakfast so I can't comment on what that was like - I can only guess. I suppose the maids being persistent is a good thing as the rooms are cleaned as well as possible and at least I didn't get bitten by any bugs (first thing I did was look for signs of buglife!)Overall, the hostel is shabby and staff are abrupt and verging on the rude. The beds, bedding and towels all need complete change. If it's not hotel whites it must be hiding something?I left a day early and went home. I couldn't stand it anymore. I'd spent the whole day out touring lovely London and meeting friends in the evening but hated knowing that I wasn't going to get a comfortable and restful sleep in that place.The ONLY good thing about the hostel is the location. Being so close to Bayswater and Queensway tube, restaurants, shopping and several good bus routes. Walking distance of Kens' High St and Portobello. If this is your only criteria then good luck but I would strongly advise you to budget more. The extra £20 a night or whatever on top would make sure that you do stay somewhere nicer, cleaner and restful for your trip to London.	
Dec 23 2008 	You Get What You Pay For	You know...this place fits its purpose, for sure it aint the ritz, but its fairly near bayswater tube station. Me and a mate stayed here on 22nd December after a pretty heavy night out in Leicester sqaure.Small rooms, but clean enough. The place looks like one or two converted houses and is loacted in a small sqaure with lots of similar hotels/hotels nearby.At the end of the day, it fit its purpose as a place to crash at the end of a night out, and for £30 off lastminute.com (£15 each) you can't really go too far wrong.	
Dec 1 2008 	This is a 1 star hotel!	When I booked this hotel I believed that it was a 3 star hotel, as it said on the internet, I liked the pictures on the web site and it said that the hotel was recently refurbished. However, the hotel was more like a youth hostel, I was extremely disappointed and also mad because I have been lied to. My room was the smallest one I ever saw, one person must lye on the bed in order for the other person to walk around the bed. The bathroom is so small that there is no way 2 people can stand inside at the same time. There were a few ants (reception and bathroom). The windows were very dirty. Carpeting old, hole in the ground. The sheets were clean and the bathroom was clean, but no glass for tooth brush, no shower gel or shampoo. Breakfast was very simple but ok - boiled eggs, toast, butter, jam, ... Walls so thin, every time somebody walks by your room they wake you up. I did not believe the horrible reviews I read but I saw for myself they were true.I would rather add 20 pounds per night or so and have a decent hotel.	
Nov 27 2008 	Avoid this hotel!	The room was unclean; the floor had not been vaccumed, the bed covers were dirty and stained and the towels were frayed and had holes in them. In the bathroom, the showerhead had mould, the bath tub had not been washed and the taps leaked at night.The nightime was a total nightmare, constant noise - the walls very thin and every movement could be heard from the room next door and the room above. The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!	
Nov 8 2008 	WORST HOTEL experience. Do NOT go.	This Hotel is terrible. The low price was an attraction for us but in retrospective it is better to spend few pounds more and go elsewhere. On arrival they wanted to send us to another hotel, we insited and they gave us an horrible, squallid and dirty room. The reception of the hotel looks great and it is the only part of the hotel that is decent. All the rest is run down and dirty. The breakfast was abismal! i cannot believe the fact that we had breakfast made us choose this hotel over others as there was only sliced bread, loose tea bags and a jug of hot water! Also, breakfast finished at 10 and at 10 on the clock very rude ladies came out of the kitchen, shouting 'breakfast was over' and we all had to leave, shut all the lights (despite the breakfast room being full of other people) and started hoovering under our table! This was at 10.03!!! Never been treated so unprofessionally! they have no sense of business and do not have a clue of how to keep constumers happy! DO NOT GO to this hotel, an HOSTEL would a better, confier, more polite and definitely CLEANER place!	
Oct 18 2008 	Good location fair price no real complaints	Stayed in this hotel for two nights on a work trip to London in early August 2008. Room was small, but very clean. Bathroom was separate from the room in the corridor, but a private one for this room.Service was ok and internet connection available in the lobby. Breakfast sufficient. I only wish they had had the possibility to leave the luggage in a separate room, not in front of the reception desk.Location is ok on a quiet street just a stroll away from Bayswater underground station. I think in London my stay in this hotel for two nights (total 129 euros) was a fair deal.	
Oct 11 2008 	The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	I booked this hotel for 7 nights - what a major mistake! Arrived in from Australia in the early hours of the mornings to be greeted by a rude member of staff who showed no consideration of getting into a room earlier. I had to leave my bags in the main lobby with 200 other bags where anyone could take what they want. Finally got into my room - what a disgrace! Iron marks embedded into the carpet with as many grease stains than what you would find on a footpath outside. I instantly complained and was told to ring last minute who they ended up ringing the hotel - lastminute were no help at all and was stuck there for 7 days. The bed was rock hard and lumpy - I had to roll a towel up to place under my hip for some comfort. The bathroom had mould in it and the shower curtain was about 10 years old, Not once in 7 mornings did I have even a luke warm shower. Breakfast was OK but they would continually run out of stuff - once it got to close of time for breakfast the staff would turn the lights off with the place still full of guests - quiet funny to see some Italian guy go off his nut and demanded they keep serving. Overall don't even consider this place and suggest never book a hotel for then 1 or 2 nights or you will get stuck there.	
Oct 9 2008 	Health Risk Warning Warning	My wife and I checked into this hotel the matres and pillows are stained with years of SEAMAN, BLOOD AND BODY FLUID!!! Don't every stay here if you know whats good for your health.	
Aug 27 2008 	Avoid this so-called "hotel"	Avoid this so called hotel. I know this is a budget hotel, but I had read from various sources, that the hotel was categorized as basic comfort. Basic comfort, my [--]! The problems began before we a change to check in. The was no cabinet or a room for left luggage, as usual. It was early in the morning, we did not want to carry our suitcases with us, so we had to leave them in the lobby. Never in my life have I seen so many signs saying don't do this and don't do that, I felt like I had been thrown into my old kindergarden with slightly more attitude. Well, check-in time came in the afternoon. The lobby was crowded, the was one person working at the reception. I stood in line for 45 minutes, even though I had a reservation, a voucher and I had payed it all in advance. Then the person wanted to make a deposit on my credit card, just in case I broke something! At that point I felt like a criminal.  The room itself was nice, small though. There was heating and hot water in the shover, no complaints there. But I still think shampoo and shower gel are an essential part of that basic comfort, now I had to go shopping.  I did not expect a great breakfast, the choises were very limited. That's ok, there are plenty of coffee houses in the area. Coffee was tasty and hot, but believe me, The Soviet Union was more organized than the process of running a breakfast buffet. They were constantly out of something: coffee, spoon, knifes, cheese, toast etc. It was impossible to place a jug of milk beside the coffee and tea pots, people had to make an extra trip to get milk. Coffee mugs were chipped, and every now and then someone came out of the kitchen with four or five washed mugs or spoons. If I worked there I would have taken the next subway train for example to Ikea or Marks &amp; Spencers, you can get two mugs for a pound and a set of cutlery for 4 maybe for ten pounds. I don't need caviar and champagne for breakfast, but you don't need money to use your brain.	
Aug 15 2008 	Never a rating of 3 stars	I never expected a Ritz or Marriot hotel. The staff in the hotel were very friendly, with a perfect wake-up service, but this was the only thing that was allright. The room was very small, the beds were squeaky, but clean. The bathroom was terrible. Very much demage and after the shower we needed people from the staff to close the showertap. The floor and walls were very noisy (wooden squeaky floors). The most bad experience was the breakfast. Only one dish at the time with 8 slices of toast on ca. 60 people. There was only cheese and marmelade and cornflakes. No fruit and no meats. The breakfaststaff was very rude and not interested in the guests. We took afterwards a breakfast in the town. There is only a coffee and thea-bar in the hotel. My personel rating for this hotel is between 1 and 2 stars and absolutely no 3 stars.	
Aug 5 2008 	3 star rating.... that's a joke	We booked this hotel via lastminute.com. Firstly the photos which you find on the hotel web site have obviously been taken on a good day. We did not expect the Ritz but as another review reads it is more like a hostel than a hotel. We felt very uncomfortable in the room, it was dull, dusty and very dingy. The carpet was filthy, the beds were disgusting (cleanish sheets) but the thought of the blanket or bedcover any where near my skin made the shiver. I felt itchy the whole time in the room. The paintwork has not had a coat of paint for years, the curtains were dusty and dirty.3 star rating is a joke. I would not rate this even 2 star. As if the rooms were not bad enough, the continental breakfast was unfit for human consumption. We went down for breakfast, and stayed there long enough to be totally horrified by what we saw. The toast had mould spots, the cheese looked sweaty, the milk was sour. We could not escape quick enough. All in all definately not recommended. Awful place, will never ever go back.	
Aug 3 2008 	good value budget hotel.	For a cheap and cheerfull budget hotel in the heart of London i would recommend this one-ok i admit its not the best room ive ever stayed in but for £22.50 b+b per person per night in the center of London what do you expext.The rooms were quite small but they were clean and tidy and the bed gave me a good nights sleep.The hotel is about 3 or 4 mins walk from Bayswater tube staion so is in ideal location to visit Lodons top attractions via the undergroundI personaly wouldnt worry about all the negative comments on here about the hotel as some people just expect 5* treatment for 2* prices-i will be be booking this hotel again in the future as its a good value buget hotel.karl/rachjuly 31 08	
Jul 30 2008 	Hotel...More like Hostel!!	DO NOT BOOK YOUR STAY HERE!! My partner and I stayed here last night (29th July 08) we weren't expecting The Ritz but we were not expecting this! We booked through lastminute.com for a double room in central London - at first we thought Great price and they throw in a Contintental Breakfast.We arrived and was shocked ,we were told to go a dingy basement room (B01) the room had a double bed but there was certainly not enough room for 2 people to be walking at the same time! The bathroom was a complete joke - some old shower probably still in there from when the house was built which, no matter how hard you try floods the bathroom floor - and overflows the stand that you are in - causing a little pool in your bathroom. The sink was off the wall and the toilet was filthy!The bed was rock hard - probably would have been comfier laying on the wet bathroom floor, and the bed was disgustingly full of stains over the mattress and the pillows. There were also bug remains on the walls and ceilings!As we were staying for one night only we thought we would tough this night out and get out of that hell hole as quickly as possible in the morning.The nights sleep was almost as terrible as the room. The door down the hall squeaks so loudly when people use it and slams even louder.In general it was pretty noisy throughout the whole night with people slamming doors, banging on the walls, leaky taps, and being in the basement you got all the noise from the staff at some unearthly hour!We were half looking forward to going for a nice contintenal breakfast.....to be faced with sweaty off cheese, moudly bread and stale toast. The Milk was off and you also had the option of having a very cold boiled egg! I would highly recommend that no-body goes through this experience!!!!	
Jul 14 2008 	Not really that bad...	Myself and 3 girlfriends stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 2 nights last weekend having decided to have a girls weekend away. Bayswater itself is a beautiful part of London full of old white townhouse style buildings, and also extremely convienient for travel into the centre of London (about 8 mins on the tube from Queensway station to Oxford Circus).The hotel from the outside doesn't look much and isn't really much when you get inside - very basic. The reception was nice looking and the reception staff were generally helpful. Both Queensway and Bayswater stations were closed one afternoon/evening and the man on reception was very helpful in directing us to the nearest bus stop and which bus to get on to get back into central London.The room we stayed in was a quad room in the basement which was absolutely tiny and barely big enough for 4 children let alone 4 women, but for us it was only somewhere to rest our heads after a day of shopping! The beds were ok, sheets were clean and towels were provided. The bathroom had been recently decorated and the shower was powerful and warm so can't complain about that. The one thing it lacked was plug sockets! There was only 2! Fortunately we took an multi plug with us just in case! Breakfast was awful! Not much there (would hardly call it continental!). We didn't bother with it the 2nd morning.All in all the hotel was extremely basic but it for the money we paid we expected nothing more! It provides a good base for exploring London as its 5 mins walk from Bayswater tube and 10 form Queensway. However I wouldn't advise anyone to stay here for longer than a weekend though.	
Jun 17 2008 	Horror experience	Booked via some last minute website. Upon arrival and obtaining the key to some dangy basement room which the hotel called a quad room, we were taken aback. Definitely a 1 star and not 3 star as depicted in the website. There's just enough room to maneuver around the room. Our four suitcases had to be left vertical. The mattress looks like they been used for a very long time. The pillows looks yellowish. The view of the outside world was limited to looking into neighbouring pipes and drains with just a hint of sunlight and the greenery which fellow travellers have mentioned further below.Arrived on a thursday with the plans to depart the following thursday. Viola, the receptionist expressed SURPRISE that we were going to stay that long.Truth be told, we didn't. We asked for better rooms but were told nothing available until Sunday. Jose! We handed the keys back straight away once the reception guy confirmed that we will incur a 2 day stay penalty. This I accepted.I called the booking agency and they said they'd liaised with the hotel for my refund. Over the next few days, the hotel played hardball. Example..receptionist will say they have no idea where their manager is. My booking agency called them on numerous occassion to be told the same thing. I showed up at the hotel for two consecutive days to be told the same thing. Am still waiting for my refund. My advice to all of you fellow travellers is to read the above again if you're even half thinking about staying at Pembridge Palace Hotel.Bayswater is a wonderful place to stay. Few minutes from Whiteleys shopping arcade. Marks and spencers and Tesco supermarket nearby. Central Line at Queensway which is a minute walk from Bayswater station served by both the Circle and District Line. Great Chinese restaurant especially Hung Tao for their roasted duck rice. Fantastic Italian meals at Bella Italia. I shifted to Grand Plaza at 42 Princes Square, Bayswater, W2 4AD, London. Cost me 40% more but got 3 times the space and ten times the cleanliness. This location is even closer to the center of life at Bayswater. Best for stays 7 days and above.Meanwhile I am keeping my fingers crossed towards my claim for 5 nights of refund.	
Jun 12 2008 	Unwelcome surprises!	I would never recommend this place to anyone! On the first day while I was using the bathroom, a mouse ran in under the door, ran across my feet and ran out! Naturally we were forced to change rooms. I was assured via email there would be room for three in our room because a friend was joining us on the third day. What was not specified in the email was the fact that there was only room for a cot big enough to accomodate a small child. While booking I made it clear that there would be 3 adults, yet I was given a room that was too small for all of us. The front desk made me print out my reservation emails, and called in another person before I was given a room for 3 adults, which was what I wanted from the start. Furthermore, the hotel staff never apologized or even admitted to a misunderstanding! It was a pretty miserable experience.	
Jun 11 2008	Not Good	very weird hotel! dont go there unless you have a very good price.more than 50 pounds a night would be a steal.Room very small, not so clean, a lot of noise. Staff friendly but not very professional.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good Budget Accomodation	Overall this place was pretty great budget acommodation. Of course, it's not a palace by anyone's standards but it's in a great location in a quiet part of town and if you're just looking for somewhere to rest your head without emptying your wallet this is a good hotel. The room was pretty small, and bizarrely, had a pink lightbulb (?!) but was exactly what we needed. Breakfast was standard for these sort of places, toast, cereal, juice etc, but if you don't expect much, it's good. Enough options to get you started in the morning. Reception staff are very unhelpful and the showers are cold but at this price you're not expecting the Hilton. Probably best suited to younger backpackers and travellers, as older people seem to have a lower tolerance for this kind of accomm. You get what you pay for :)	
May 31 2008 	Average good location but very small room	It's not a palace at all, we must say the room is very small but clean. Only the place for two simple beds. The beds are small. My husband who is 1,87m had to sleep with the feet out of the bed. We had cold water to take a shower. The dinner room is very crowded and the breakfast is basic, only jam and toasted bread that they bring once every 10 min. One positive thing is that it is well located, very close to Bayswater and Queensway underground. It's a place to stay if you only look for a place to sleep without anything else.	
May 27 2008 	Good Location Reasonable hotel	I stayed at the Pembridge in 2 different occasions, staying at both its single and double rooms. The single room was very small, there were no ensuite facilities, and it was crammed behind some stairs. The double room was better (more spacious), on the ground floor, with nice windows. The breakfast was reasonable. The location is good, there are 2 tube stations nearby.	
Apr 20 2008 	Very disappointing service	There was a power outage in the hotel that lasted more than 2 days, and the staffs kept on telling us that the problem will be fixed soon but they do not know when. Rooms and hallways were dark, no elevator and worse of all, no water. Then finally they offered us to transfer to another hotel, on the second day. They do not have intentions of transfering us if I did not complain. I reserved and paid for 2 rooms, but then, they only gave us only one room in the hotel where we got transferred. Before we left Pembridge, the staff told us that we already got 2 rooms, but when we got to the hotel where we transferred, they said Pembridge only gave us 1 room. What a money grab. Very unfair !!! It was my girlfriend and my brother's first time in the UK and they had a bad hotel experience. Do not ever patronize this hotel !!! Go to the Duke of Leincester, a few blocks away with almost the same price as Pembridge. Staying at Pembridge is like staying in a filthy hostel. Do not book at this hotel or you will get disappointed.	
Mar 28 2008 	Average good if you're on a budget	The hotel is situated in the Bayswater area about 5 minutes from Bayswater underground and 10 minutes from Hyde Park. Plenty of restaurants, pubs, cafes and shops nearby. I couldn't say anything negative about this hotel. The room and bathroom were clean and the beds were okay. The room itself was not that big and breakfast was rather basic.If you're looking for a clean bed, a place to rest after exploring the city and you're on a budget this is the place to stay.	
Mar 4 2008 	Good comfortable place	I was really positively surprised to find such a good hotel in that hotel price category. Clean, freshly refurbished bathrooms, clean and comfy beds, good looking reception area, friendly staff and no hassle stay alltogether. Within walking distance to 3 tube stops and amenities.	
Feb 22 2008 	Very disgusting!!!	I've been to many countries in the last couple of years and of course I had seen various kinds of hotels but this was the first time that I was completely unsatisfied with the whole situation. I'm a student and really don't need any kind of luxury but at least it should be clean, that's what everyone expects. It's even worse than the youth hostels and B&amp;B I had stayed so far. Just a few examples: the hotel was not easy to find, my room (single room)was not made by the time I arrived, it was so dirty and disgusting - I even had to tell them that it needed to be cleaned!!! The staff working there was not friendly or helpful with the exception of one person. The breakfast consisted only of tea, coffee, bread, eggs, cheese and marmalade and there was not enough for everyone. Furthermore, the restaurant was not clean which was the reason for me to have breakfast somewhere else. I'm so glad I booked only for one night!!! Next time (June 2008) I will stay at the Mercure Hotel in London to be on the safe side...	
Feb 22 2008 	Bad facility and worse service	My brother and I arrived at the hotel late at night to be greeted by a some what creepy neighborhood. Received a basement room that caught cigarette smoke from an adjacent room which had a porch right outside our window. Electricity sockets had to be traced by following the (tiny) TV cable.Acoustics were just unbearable as noises from all direction bothered our sleep. Management did little to intervene when young school guests smoked and shouted at night.Breakfast was crummy, but that could be expected from the budget (45 pounds a night for a room with two beds).We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights (as we were expecting a couple of pre-ordered packages to arrive at the hotel), planning to spend another night in Liverpool and then returning to a 3rd night in the hotel. The concierge would not agree to hold our bags for a night while we traveled inland - which was a big surprise - as all the bags of the checked-out guests were just placed unattended in the hotel lobby...	
Feb 18 2008 	Only if you're desperate!!!! NOT in Kensington!!!!!!	Where to start?!?!Booked a double room through lastminute, and to be honest i wasnt expecting much for £40.We arrived at around half ten at night, and had to walk a wee bit from paddington station (you can get a tube, but its not that far a distance). There were loads of people hanging about in the street, and there were some really dodgy hotels in the street. My boyfriend and i felt very self conscious, as it was obvious that we were tourists. I would also like to point out, this hotel is NOT in Kensington!!!! it is across the park in Bayswater, which is actually a red light district.The hotel was very quiet, and when we checked in, i had to give my card over to be pre-authorised for £50 worth of charges, 'in case there were any damages'. I have never had to do this in any other hotel i have stayed in. We were given a basement room, which was tiny. It was also extremely cold, and there were no spare covers or anything, which resulted in me picking up the cold.It had two single beds, a wardrobe, a small tv and that was it. there was hardly any room to move, but it seemed clean. There were no curtains on the windows, so anyone passing on the relevant street could have seen right in, and we also were woken up very early by the sun shining in!!We were glad to leave, especially as i had read reviews mentioning the bedbugs etc, so we were glad to get up and leave to get to our very nice hotel in Kensington!!I will say, the bathroom was fairly nice, to the point that it didnt look like it belonged to the room (or the hotel!!).We didnt bother to stay for breakfast, as frankly speaking, i wouldnt have eated out of there, so i cant comment on it.	
Feb 16 2008 	Rooms to small really bad breakfast dirty room	The hotel has not been renovated for quite some time. The wallpaper was falling off, the panels very dirty, the elevators are dangerous to use we felt, no hot water in the morning (and that was every morning) in the breakfast room there isn't enough place for guests, they bring 8 pieces of toasted bread once every 10 min. (we were 30 people waiting for bread) and it is the same every morning even if you start at 7 or at 9.30. You also had to wait for coffee cups if you were so lucky there was coffee. This is not a place to stay if you like just a little comfort. But i guess it is ok for backpackers. I do sound very negative but I must tell you I travel a lot all over the world and this place is the worse I have stayed in considering the rate for the room. I stayed there for 5 nights with my daugher. One positiv thing is that it is very close to Bayswater and Quenssway underground and nearly any noise from the street.	
Feb 15 2008 	Good value for money	Having booked a double room online for £40, I was a bit worried about the whole 'you get what you pay for' situation. But I wanted to save money for going out in London itself and after staying here, the risk was worth it! Sure, it's not a five star hotel, but it was perfectly clean and pleasant. It was in the opposite direction to where we had planned to hang out in London but it's fine if you don't mind hopping around on the tube. Had difficulty finding the hotel from the tube station but I think that was more due to my lack of direction rather than the hotel being hidden.Bed was a bit too soft but bedding was clean and there were fresh towels. Bathroom was spotless and shower was nice and powerful. Breakfast wasn't too bad either, the cereal is not that fresh though but there was always fresh toast being brought out. Boiled eggs and cheese also available with hot and cold drinks.The staff could have been a bit friendlier and I was a bit nervous when I had to enter my pin number to unlock the authorisation charge of £100 - I still don't really understand what that was about - it's some sort of security check on your card I think to make sure we had paid? Well, I did double check when I got back home and I hadn't been charged an extra 100 quid!I would definitely stay there again because of the price but probably not if I wanted to stay more than a couple of nights. If you only need a place to sleep and wash, this is perfect!	
Feb 6 2008	Our stay in London	We stayed here for 3 days and we really enjoyed it. Everything we needed was there and we didn't experience any problems.The breakfast wasn't very big, but it was good.The beds also slept very good. It is a good choice for a good, confortable hotel that's not too expensive.	
Jan 17 2008 	ok for the price	booked the pembridge hotel the day before we travelled through lastminute.com which cost £48.00 for a double room with breakfast.on arrival the room we were allocated was in the basement which is next door to the breakfast room.the room was very tiny and the shower cubicle was full of green mould and some of the lights didnt work. the bedding was of very poor quailty and we both felt it was cold at night. the radiator did not work or they have the heating on a timer which come on in the morning.breakfast was another issue. because the room was next door to the resturant the noise from other guests did cause for an early start!!. when we did go for breakfast we could not find a table so we ended up eating in the room we had been allocated.Quality of breakfast was just ok, but then again for the price we paid i cannot really grumble.location wise is ok short walk to the underground stop, some nice pubs and resturants near by.would i stop at the pembridge hotel again?.. well it served its purpose but when i visit again in feb the pembridge would be a last resort	
Dec 29 2007 	enjoy yourself!	29-12-2007we have just returned from a shopping day in london...we are very glad to stay in this quiet area,after have stayed in all that chaos of the city centre!coming back we have enjoyed the characteristic aspects of bayswater zone and also bought some english souvenir for our friends!if you like the quiet,but also the noisy life of this beautiful town you should come in this hotel because it is in a central but not so noisy area...and the hotel is comfortable and nice too!enjoy you visit in london as we did!!	
Dec 27 2007	Great Customer Service!	The staff at the reception desk was friendly and helpful!	
Dec 11 2007 	Loved the PPH!	Excellent Service, Room quality with the price... GREAT location!The lift comes in handy!	
Nov 29 2007 	Good value for money.	We stayed at Pembridge Palace hotel for 4 nights, 4th-8th of June 2007. Our stay was surprisingly pleasant as we had been getting increasingly worried after reading the bad reviews. We booked through (--) and the price for a double room was GBP 55. The staff, all of which spoke excellent English, was helpful, we needed a ligthbulb and it was changed right away and when we asked if we could borrow a wine opener they saw to it right away and brought it to our room. The room was on the 3rd floor next to the elevator and was small but clean. The lobby was really nice with beautiful chandeliers. We had some problems with the TV's antenna and could only watch one channel. The bathroom was in mint condition, and the water pressure in the shower was REALLY good, with as much hot water as we wanted. We had expected some bed-bugs and that scared us as we don't have any in our country, Iceland, but didn't encounter any. Maybe we just got lucky, who knows, but everything was to our satisfaction and we would definately stay in this hotel again. If you come there by taxi tell the taxi driver that the entrance to the hotel is on Leinster Square, which is a one-way street, as it is not that easy to find, and our taxi driver cruised a bit trying to find the hotel. If you come by train then Bayswater station is a 5 minutes´ walk from the hotel, just take a left turn when you come to Whiteleys Shopping Center, walk to the end of that part of Prince's Square, turn right and then immediately left on Leinster Square and in the middle of that street is the hotel. Once found it is easily found again :) Bayswater Road is just a 5 minutes' walk from the hotel where you can catch buses to Oxford Street and the ride takes about 5 minutes. One of the buses takes you directly to Piccadilly Circus so it is easy to get back to the hotel if you want to spend your evenings down-town. The ride back at nights takes about 18-20 minutes. The staff then ordered a cab for us for Stansted airport for GBP 50, which is a reasonable price.	
Nov 28 2007	tiny rooms	Small rooms, meagre breakfast. Digital door key did not work twice. We only got one key and had to practically beg to get a second one. Bed was not made up when we entered the roomin the afternoon upon arriving. We did not pay much cause booked last minute via ratestogo.com but at the full rate, this hotel would have been the definition of a rip-off.	
Nov 21 2007 	Hotel Cheap but Nice	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It 's basic but nice. I booked a triple room and it was fairly large and the bathroom not so small and new. The breakfast consist in bread, butter, marmelade , milk , coffee , tea anc chocolate...the underground stop is about 5 minute on foot...The portobello market is close...	
Nov 16 2007	Pembridge hotel	Well stay and confortable. Very near the centre and tube so it's ok for tourism.	
Nov 14 2007 	Adequate	Pretty much what is to be expected in this price range and area. I bet the two glowing reviews below were written by staff! The reception area is tidy, there are lifts. My room was a little small for the furniture - not much floor space but enough to walk around OK. The bathroom was small, recently refurbished (the Ikea label was still on the glass), just a little mould on the bath sealant but otherwise clean. The bed was comfortable but the reading light was inadequate. I had a good night's sleep and a basic breakfast - the teabags were &quot;a little bit missing&quot;.	
Nov 6 2007	decieving pls read	Had not read any reviews before going, wish i had though!1)The staff were rude to begin with.2)the internet prices kept changing, the website says one thing, the hotel says another.3) the rooms and bathrooms are tiny.4) the website also said there were tea and coffee making facilities in the room.... there were not, in fact it was an extra 50p per cup.5) no such thing as express check in, while we were being treated inadequetly and like criminals the staff were rude to other guests and ignoring a complaint.6) the towels left on our bed were DAMP!!7) i politely asked upon booking on the form for an extra pillow.there was no extra pillow. there were no extra covers etc in the wardrobe either.TERRIBLE DO NOT GO!!!!!!	
Nov 3 2007	Dreadful	Dreadful - the room was minute and the bathroom was on a different floor! It was dirty with poor facilities, poor help, poor food; they didn't even have an AtoZ. AVOID.	
Oct 30 2007	Satisfying Stay With Friendly Staff! - Will come again!	My wife and I stayed at Pembridge Palace Hotel for 6 days. We found the lobby stunning, spacious, modern, with a large sitting area and an average-sized outdoor sitting area.  The hotel had a very convenient coffe-shop, for a few hot beverages. With friendly staff and access to internet. The dining room consisted of many seats and had no problems.  Our room smelt fresh, it was a good size, coloured TV with satellite, stylish and modern cupboards/drawers. Each of us had been assisted with soap and towels. The bathroom was a satisfying size, but very modern and clean with a shower/bath.  The hotel is placed in central london with many close attractions, Queensway (Shopping &amp; Dining), Hyde Park (Beautiful park - I would recommend to visit), and many other sites to view. Overall my wife and I had a pleasing stay at Pembridge Palace Hotel and I would recommend this to all. Definetely A Pleasing Hotel.	
Oct 23 2007 	Bed and bugs ... bed bugs .!!!!	I spent 9 days in this hotel (13 oct - 21 oct 2007) room 301. The room was ridiculously small, breakfast very poor and the restaurant dirty. But the worst was that I had bedbugs in my room, and I discovered very late (initially I thought I was allergic to smth.). At leaving I had more than 100 bites over my body and was very itchy.Generally it was a dirty hotel, one of my worst experiences in my life! Stay away!!!Today is 23 rd of October, I suffer of itchiness, I cannot sleap and I am scared to death that I could have brought some bugs at home!Shame to the Hotel!Shame to London Health Authorities (other customers made complaints regularly to them but the hotel still exists and moreover is 3 stars cathegorised)!!!!!	
Oct 18 2007	worst hotel experience I've had in London	I stay in London hotels regularly using a booking agent and couldn't get in where I normally stay when in the Bayswater area, so they offered me the Pembridge Palace. Looks great in the pictures - Nothing like the rooms I saw or stayed in. We arrived very late and the first problem was it was a twin not double as per the booking. A minor inconvenience. but then it got worse.The lights didn't work so we given the only other available room, which was next to the boiler room and the noise kept me awake most of the night.The decor was poor and there was no dressing table or tea making facilities in either of the 2 rooms. Not even glasses for a drink. The TV remote also had it's batteries taped in!The sink didn't have a plug and was blocked it also stank. The showercurtain rail was gaffa taped up and the shower tray was dirty, so we didn't use it.Then breakfast - Ha! A Bowl of hard boiled eggs, some cheese slices, jam &amp; sliced bread. Not even toast. The crockery looked like a mixed selection from a boot sale, mostly chipped &amp; some plastic cutlery.There was no hotel information in the room or even fire instructions.If we had arrived at a normal time we would not stayed on first impression and gone elsewhere (regarless of the fact we had already paid), but it was almost midnight.I would like to know who gave this hotel a 3* rating and anyone who says it was OK, obviously hasn't stayed in a normal hotel. This is my worst ever hotel experience ever!!!!!!	
Oct 18 2007 	Very good hotel nice location	I've been to this hotel twice, it's really a good hotel, nice &amp; big lobby, with tea &amp; coffee facilities &amp; snacks bar always available.Rooms are clean with good size and nice bathrooms (They look newly refurbished), very good &amp; friendly staff.The hotel got a nice terrace overlooking a garden.The location of the hotel is amazing in central london, only 5 minutes walk to the hyde park &amp; very close to the restaurants &amp; tube stations.	
Oct 5 2007	OKAY	had to stay here 1 night on my own while travelling with work. didnt arrive to hotel till after 7pm- to ook at hotel from outside it looked lovely and the reception was nice. when i was given my room (had booked a double ) there was 2 twin beds. the walls were so thin that i could hear the person nice room snoring. definitely wont be staying here again	
May 27 2007 	We will be back!	My daughter of 11 years, my sister and myself were staying for 5 nights at this Hotel and we were very pleased. The room ( a triple, with 1 double large bed and a single one ) were okay. The bathroom was small, but nice, my very own bathroom is also not that big, so I'm justed to the size! It was clean, every day clean towels. Breakfast was very surprising! Eggs, cereals, muesli, all kinds of brown an white breads, toast, french bread, tea, coffee, juices, milk and very nice cheese!! And of course jam and nice butter. We were very pleased and enjoyed our getting up every morning to have such a good beginning of the day! Yammie.......Okay, not all of the staff members we very happy, you could see it on their faces, and all of them came from Poland we thought, and there English was not so good, but with a friendly face you will meet another friendly face. At least we tried ;-)Our room was just above the entrance and we had a very big window that let a lot of light come in. And we had sunshine and warm weather every single day!!Next year we want to come back, and this time with my husband and our son and daughter.	
Apr 11 2007 	Stay away	There is no way this is a 3-star hotel. No way whatsoever.I tried to call them several times before arrival to inform them of my late arrival to the hotel. After numerous attempts in the evening someone finally answered.When I checked in at 4am, the receptionist was clearly annoyed by this. He gave me the room key, and one more key, saying &quot;You will have your own bathroom&quot;. Really? So I had to go out of my room to get to the bathroom. Well, well. It probably wont kill me, I figured.Then, when I came to the room, no 213, it was freezing cold. They had left the window open, so the room was like a refrigerator. The radiator on the wall didn't work, but the room was equipped with a small heater that turned itself off all the time. The room itself was tiny, as well as the bed. I could not fit in there lying on my stomach, and I am only 180 cm.And the bathroom. If you like broken tiles, dirty floor and toilet, a shower cabinet that has been glued several times, this is the place for you. It also had two cranes for cold and hot water, placed so far off each other that you either had to use ice cold water, or boiling hot. There was no way of combining the two.All they provide for guests is towels and some crappy soap bars. No shampoo, drinking cup or things you normally find in a hotel.I did not sleep well that night. I froze all night, and the building is so old, you can hear anyone move. The only positive thing is that there was little traffic noise.I asked the receptionist if they had a hotel safe in the reception. The answer was &quot;for documents only&quot;. Which user of this crappy hotel carries around documents? So the answer would be no.The hotel does not rent or lend out travel adapters for foreign electrical equipment, which I think is an obvious thing for a hotel to have. I paid 100 pounds to stay here three nights, and if I knew what I know now, I would never ever go here.I guess someone may think this is a &quot;charming&quot; place, but I don't. It is without a doubt the worst &quot;hotel&quot; I have ever been to.It is not easy to find either, both taxi drivers I went with had a hard time locating the entrance, and they both had GPS in the vehicles.	
Apr 10 2007 	this hotel is a health hazard and should be closed down immediately	This hotel is a disgusting, dangerous pit. I am appalled that the health and tourism authorities in London have not shut it down, despite the endless complaints from the bedbug-bitten, filth-surrounded, noise-withstanding guests. The number one problem with the Pembridge Palace is that it is completely infested with bedbugs, and believe me, if you have never been attacked by these blood-thirsty insects, you don't want to try the experience, especially while on vacation far from home. This hotel obviously has plenty of them, since there are numerous visitors to this site, including myself, who have been eaten alive there, then suffering days and days of itching and disfigurement. You can complain, but the hotel staff will do NOTHING to remedy the situation but change you to one of the rooms which apparently they know have no bedbugs, which only shifts the problem on to some new unsuspecting victim. How can a place like this be allowed to remain open, can someone tell me?If the bedbug danger isn't enough to keep you away, then how about this? I got trapped in the elevator THREE TIMES during my stay!!! Add to this the incredibly unfriendly staff, war-torn furnishings and carpet, a gross bathroom, dirty towels and jam-packed fire hazard of a breakfast room, and you have a recipe for disaster. I fully expect to see this hotel in the headlines someday due to some sort of catastrophe like a fire, mass poisoning from breakfast or something that has already happened: the dozens and dozens and dozens (maybe hundreds) of guests who have had their health put at risk by the London authorities who, for some reason, refuse to close this dump. Shame on you all, hotel owners, workers and local authorities.	
Mar 3 2007	Bedbug Palace	Stay at Pembridge Palace if you want to be eaten alive by bedbugs and wake up in the morning on sheets spotted with your own blood. This was my own experience and that of my parents.All together, we stayed in three rooms at the hotel. The first one we moved right out of because it didn't even have curtains. The second we moved out of because the room was infested with bedbugs. The third room was in the basement, smelled like mold, and had a television that didn't work. All the bad things that other guests have reported are true. The rooms are small and the place is rotting. Paint is peeling off the walls, everything is damp, nothing gets cleaned, and the staff are entirely unresponsive (Soviet style service, if you get my drift).After I got back home, I saw a total of five doctors to try and cure my tortured skin, which was covered in bites and itching like mad. It looked like I had smallpox and caused me many nights of sleepless agony. Nothing short of large-scale fumigation gets rid of bedbugs, so don't think for a moment that the hotel doesn't have them anymore. The critters are notoriously hard to get rid of.The pictures are of my Pembridge Palace bedbug bites. Hint for travelers: Always check around and under your hotel mattress and in cracks in the wall for bedbugs. If you wake up on sheets that have little spots of blood, then your hotel has bedbugs.	
Mar 1 2007 	Not that bad	From the previous reviews I expected a terrible stay. But it was fine, honestly. Sure, not what you would expect if you are not used to London hotels, but for the price we paid it was great. Breakfast was basic but OK. Good location close to Hyde Park (albeit North of). If you don't expect too much you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 26 2007 	Great budget hotel! Clean friendly convenient and reasonably priced!	Fantastic - definitely a good reasonably-priced hotel to stay in if you're in London, especially for Notting Hill carnival!	
Dec 26 2006 	Confused staff loud guests	We booked the hotel through expedia, and upon arrival, we were beset with problems. They could not find our reservations, and then ignored us while we sat in the lobby. They were not helpful in any way. They did not try to think of any solutions for us. Finally, we tried the other name in the party (not the person who booked the hotel), and then they realized their mistake. We were not offered any apology and they acted as if it was our fault. Once we got to the hotel room, it was nice enough. The area was in the bayswater area of london, so there were a lot of cheap hotels there and this seemed one of the nicer ones. This is not saying it was anything close to a hilton or even a marriot, but it was nice enough. The other problem with the place was that some guests were very loud some of the nights and were partying in the hallways. The front desk either did not want to or was unable to do anything about it.	
Dec 5 2006 	OK Budget Hotel - BUT 3 star??!!???	Booked through Ratestogo.com at around 49 GBP p/n. Stayed 10 nights. Firstly, the place was so confusing to find at 3am in the morning. Situated on Princes Square opposite Leincester Square. On arrival we checked in and only to find out that there are only non smoking rooms in the hotel when we had booked a smoking room(BUT we smoked outside the room window and no fire alarms went off... LOL). Asked the reception guy if there was internet/wireless internet in the rooms and he said &quot;NO&quot;. Anyways turned on my laptop on the 2nd last day to find a FREE WIRELESS CONNECTION.Location was great. Very close to the Bayswater &amp; Queensway Tubes. We had abit of a culture shock when we arrived but being greek we didnt really stand out so nobody really bothered us.Twin Room was tiny. We coulda just as well left our cases in the bathroom or lobby because they hardly fitted in the room. I was thinking to myself the whole time &quot;What if we picked up...where would our ladies fit......????&quot;. Bathroom was new and bigger then the actual room(no jokes).Staff were not that friendly. Helpful at times but nobody really goes out of their way to greet you. Breakfast was average but ok for continental I guess. Smoking lobby downstairs was our favourate hang out after breakfast.We moved outta here and went to the Blakemore Hotel nearby. Only then did we realise what a hole this place really was.TINY ROOMS(cases hardly fit), NEW REFURBED BATHROOM(bigger then room), UNFRIENDLY HELPFUL STAFF, GREAT LOCATION, GREAT PRICE!!!!PS: DONT BE FOOLED BY THE HOTEL'S WEBSITE &amp; PHOTOS LIKE WE WERE......expect the worst and it wont be so bad... lol	
Oct 18 2006 	A pleasant Surprise	I had already booked the Pembridge when I read the reviews on this website and was horrified by the bad reports it had received. I would have cancelled if I could but with less than 2 days before our arrival we decided to at least look at the room. We arrived at 9am after 24 hours travelling expecting the worst and were very pleasantly surprised. I asked to see the room before checking in. It wasn't possible at that time because guests had not checked out but the manager suggested we help ourselves to the (all day free) tea/coffee in the lobby while we waited. About 11am (well before the advertised check in time), we looked at a room (121) on the first floor. Although very small it was certainly clean, overlooked the park and had quite nice decore. We ended up staying 6 nights and thought the Pembridge great value. The continental breakfast is self serve so quantity is unlimited. It consists of a choice of cereals, toast, cheese, jams, hard boiled eggs, tea and coffee.We found the people working behind the desk most helpful....immediately getting towels for me when I asked, and helping me make an international call (and then not charging me for it).The Pembridge is an old building..for me that was part of its charm...but it comes with some maintance issues that you need to be able to overlook to enjoy your stay. Our ensuite was very clean but had 2 cracked tiles, the wardrobe was missing one of its door handles, the full length window onto the narrow balcony had to be held open with the chair. The location is great.. just off Bayswater Road... easy walking to Portabello Markets, Kensington Palace and Gardens and the Albert Hall. We also walked to Buckingham Palace, Harrods and the National Gallery. I felt perfectly safe walking walking in this area, even by myself at night. I would certainly go back to this hotel when in London but recommend trying to get there early in the day and asking to see the room before you book in... so you have some choice of room.	
Oct 6 2006 	Scary Hotel	This hotel is not any of the things it claims to be on its website. It is not a three star, it is not conventiently located and it is not clean and comfortable. There are complimentary drug deals going on outside the hotel, it is run down and dirty and if you don't mind staying in a basement, rather spacious rooms. NOT a place for children! Additionally, don't use the Findlondonrooms.com website or roomsnet.com if you expect any help if you have a problem.	
Sep 27 2006 	Horrendous	I booked this hotel for 3 nights as it was advertising a good deal on a website I was looking at - I can see why now!The hotel reception looks lovely - but it is misleading - the whole place needs updating and sprousing up. The staff were miserable and you think these are the people who are going to be making your stay enjoyable for the next few nights! As with the other review, I took one look at the room and wanted to run and hide - through the winding corridors, and the 15 minutes it took to find the room (walk don't trust the lifts!), it was defintly not worth the wait. The room (supposed to be a double but was a twin) was very dated, the walls were damp with the wall paper peeling. The door to the bathroom was at a slant and smaller than my hips so I had to go in sideways - you could shower use the toilet and wash your hands at the same time it was that small - clean, but small. The rooms were only £35 a night so i wasn't expecting much, but at the same time, i could of stayed in a travelodge for the same price and enjoyed it much more. In the end we ended up staying in the Thistle Piccadilly which was amazing - but not cheap.	
Sep 26 2006 	Hmmmm would "hideous" be too complimentary a word?	I don't know where to begin. It was just incredibly awful. The staff is not helpful at all, and when they do give information, either about the hotel or London, they were ALWAYS wrong. When we told them about the numerous problems in the bathroom, including a cracked cup, we were emphatically told that the water was undrinkable-- after we'd been drinking it because there was no sign to the contrary. Oh, but we certainly could buy bottled water from them! We ended up trying 3 rooms before finding one that was acceptable-- and our version of &quot;acceptable&quot; became very modest, indeed, by the 3rd room change. The first 2 were in the basement, and then someone at the front desk told us that they &quot;usually&quot; don't put anyone in those rooms. There were wires held together by electrical tape. The walls were marked up with numerous areas of plaster peeling off. The place was filthy. The beds were uncomfortable and the bottom sheet was directly on the mattress with no covering inbetween-- and my sheet had holes in it, so God knows what I was exposed to. The front dest staff gave us completely wrong information about buses and sites and so we didn't get to see the places we'd planned on. The free breakfast was pretty bad. The fire alarm kept going off in the middle of the night. The staff said &quot;someone was checking it out&quot; but never called the fire dept. They said it was because people smoke in their rooms even though it was not allowed and they &quot;couldn't do anything about it&quot;. It was terribly maintained. The neighbourhood is fine in the day time, but at night, especially on the weekend, that particular block seems to be a hang out for young people who are quite drunk, urinating in the street, shouting at all passerbys. The tiles on the walls in the bathroom were broken and the there was water damage and mould on the bathroom ceiling. The rooms are very cramped, so you really have no place to open your suitcase. I could fill up pages and pages with more, but I'm sure you get the idea. The one positive thing I can manage to say about the place, is that the water pressure in the shower is great, and so we enjoyed nice showers. But unless that benefit is worth 70 pounds a night, STAY AWAY.	
Sep 22 2006	Too much adventure	I booked a single room for 6 nights. I checked in and went to my room to relax for a little while. The room had a double deadbolt type lock which required a key to lock and unlock the door from inside or out. After an hour or two, I went to leave and realized that the lock did not work from the inside. Therefore, I was trapped. I tried to call the front desk, but the phone was not even wired-in to the jack. I had to yell out the window to get a person's attention, not easy to do, and have them come to the hotel to have maintenance sent up. Maintenance got me out and told me that that room was not supposed to have been assigned.I eventually went through six different singles on the second floor because of more minor issues before I found one that was acceptable, but it still had the bedding from the previous guest. I took the bedding from a previous room and exchanged them so that I had clean sheets and blankets. Also, the bathrooms for the singles are private, but they are in a secondary hallway, and the door probably will not latch making it impossible to lock.The location is good, and I was able to talk the front desk person into storing some sodas that I had bought in their refrigerator that they use to keep drinks for sale. I also could not find a working electric outlet in my room, so I had to charge my portable devices in the lobby. Therefore, I got to know the staff a bit better than I normally would. They were quite nice people, but the building itself is not maintained well.	
Aug 15 2006	Just awful	I booked this hotel for three nights but it was so awful that I couldn't stay at this place and had to look for another hotel. The room was very small, dirty, shabby and smelly. I really didn't want to sleep there neither unpack my suitcase. The staff was very unfriedly and they couldn't even correctly speak english. So if you want to have a nice trip to London avoid this place!	
Jul 13 2006	Absolutely unacceptable for London for Europe 2006!!!	I am Greek and I arrived at Pembridge Palace with my son on first July after a week of holidays spent in Paris. I shall just describe you my son's reaction as soon as he entered the room (he entered first unfortunately) : he opened the door and rushed out shouting &quot;I am not staying in this hole&quot;. And it was a hole : I had to move out the furniture in order to open our suitcases!!! A twin room in the size of our bathroom! Next day morning I checked out and we went to another hotel, not so much luxurious but at least decent! It is the worst hotel experience I ever had in my whole life, it was rather a hostel experience! Stay away!!	
Jul 8 2006	Run AWAY from this hotel !	Pembridge Palace was the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in. This hotel does not have one redeeming factor. The staff was rude, surly and once a bit threatening. The breakfast was horrible, it consisted of hard boiled eggs, bread and cereal. It reminded me greatly of a nursing home where you would put someone you hated.	
Jun 10 2006	Poor value for money	I just spent a week at the Pembridge Palace for a single room at 90 BGP a night. Having made several prior trips to London, Paris and Munich, I know that rooms are small so this met my expectation. Unfortunately, while the bathroom appeared to have been recently remodeled with nice tile, the sleeping area was shabby. There were portions of wall that hadn't been painted or had been covered with unpainted patching. Based on the soil and wear, it appeared it hadn't been touched in several years and there was some paint on the carpet. While the entry door locked, the auxilliary deadbolt was frozen and would not turn. The bed was against the window which had no bars so on a hot night take care not to roll or you may drop two stories to the walk below... the size of the room didn't allow me to relocate the bed (by the way, no AC for you summer guests). The towels were cleaned each day but, as others have noted, had an odd odor to them (some days I received a bath and hand towel, other days no bath towel but three hand towels); otherwise, my bathroom was cleaned daily, The worst aspect of the whole visit was the noise. There are numerous firedoors that bang loudly and the fire alarm sometimes briefly sounded throughout day and night. EVERY night there was noise on the street below including loud conversations (sometimes including the night deskman who chatted with taxi drivers), a linen truck that visited around 3 a.m., revelers, etc. While much of this is outside of the hotel control, I averaged only 4-5 hours of sleep a night that was periodically interrupted and poor sleep can diminish the quality of one's overall visit to London. At this price, I've had much better rooms and I would recommend you do your homework before booking this hotel. Otherwise, the location is convenient for the Tube, services and dining and I found the staff relatively friendly.	
Jun 7 2006	I got what I paid for	I stayed 5 nights at this hotel. I found the property by the web and the price was right and I knew the location. I was expecting a small pokey room, but I was given a twin room on the ground floor with a lovely big window overlooking the park. The bathroom was of an older style, and apart from the shower curtain - which they changed, spotlessly clean.The staff were mostly eastern european, and sometimes language was a problem. But no great hassle. They directed me on the tube, recommended a good laundry, and organised a taxi to Waterloo all with no bother.In a nut shell, I got a clean hotel room - in good location - at a good price. Which is exactly what I wanted. I would probably stay there again.	
Jun 1 2006	Decent hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in May. Overall, there is nothing spectacular about this hotel but there is really nothing to complain about either. Our room was relatively spacious and most importantly clean. The staff were kind, friendly and very helpful.Another salient point is that we felt safe there and this was important for us as our room had been broken into at another hotel which we had stayed in for the previous 5 nights we were in London.We had a pleasant stay there and would definitely stay here again on our next trip to London.	
May 31 2006	Hotel good value per money. Staff awful	We went to this hotel last 29th May 2006. I must say that I found a very cheap offer for a twin room. So, the value of the place for the little amount of money was even great. Room is ok, not too big but comfortable, toilet is ok, not too big but comfortable again, poweful shower.Decoration of room, you know, old fashioned but clean.2 problems in one night stay: We check-in the room at 19:00, only 2 hours later somebody from reception knocked the door asking me if I have paid the room, because in his computer, the room appears as empty. I had to show my bill (as you pay always room in advance). He told me, he was going to call me again from reception to check my identity (I really don't know why...!!)Second problem, and bigger for me. Next morning, 9am I check out the room, lady on reception ask me for 2 pounds bill for a phone call at 00:02. I said, it must be a mistake, because we didn't use the phone, we were sleeping at that time. She said in a rude way, No, the computer says is your room, and you have to pay. I told her, is not because of the money, I don't care for the 2 pounds, but we didn't use the phone. She said I was a liar, so I paid 2 pounds and take the bill of the phone call. I looked into the bill and I saw the bill show another room different to mine, I told her, this is not my room, she said, yes it is, but sometimes system shows different room number, I was really shocked, but she insisted she was right. She told me: &quot;&quot;if 2 pounds is a big deal for you, I will put that money from my pocket&quot;&quot;.I left the hotel thinking this: 2 pounds is not a big deal for me, but being accused to be a liar, and being accused to trying to cheat her for 2 pounds, maybe, yes it is a big deal for me, because at the end of the day...we didn't use the phone.	
May 25 2006	Not great but not bad either	I went to England (for the first time) with my step daughter on a school trip for 10 days in May (college). If you have never travelled to Europe, it is definately an eye opener regarding culture and the way they see things over there. I was a little shocked at first on our room as it was really small and crowded, but I was prepared also because of the other reviews I have read.1. Ask for extra pillows immediately. They only provide 1 on each bed and they ran out of extra pillows on the 1st day. 2. Take bug spray and spray yourself good before you go to bed. We found huge spiders in our room every day. We did not however see any bed bugs.3. The elevator is scary. We were on the 4th floor and were contstantly being stuck in it. If your not claustrophobic, you'll survive. 4. The bathroom was actually not bad at all. We always had clean towels...but, we never had hot water in the morning. Take your showers at night if you can. also, they do not provide Kleenex, an alarm clock, or any type of radio. Bring your own because it's EXPENSIVE in the stores. I bought a $3.99 travel alarm to bring with me.5. They provide coffee and tea on the main floor 24/7 which is nice. I brought a travel mug with me so that I could bring up to my room without any spillage as they only provide little take-out cups. (I never went to the breakfast, so I can't comment on that).6. Google the area!!!!! All the buildings look the same and it is very confusing if you don't have a good map with you. It took us 2 days to get our bearings.Overall. The hotel was satisfactory. The owners do not speak very good english though and they are not very pleasant either. But.....I wasn't there to socialize with them anyways. They were though happy to give me an adapter for my video camera to use since &quot;Source One&quot; sold me the wrong one!! That was nice of them. We were on the 4th floor which is pretty tight, so try and stay lower if possible. We did not hear lots of noise although we were facing the street, and as a matter of fact I think it was actually quieter than my own home!! We did sleep good. (Oh yeah.....only 5 channels on the t.v.!)You are very close to the Subway, shops, Restaurants (both cheap and expensive) Movie Theatre, Nottinghill (which has a great Saturday Market), and KengsingtonPark being walking distance. I think that I would actually go back for the price, but not stay as long.Good luck and have fun. It's a chance in a lifetime if you can take it!	
May 9 2006	Pembridge palace is not so bad	i've been in pembridge palace hotel for a week. my room wasn't very big but was clean and bathroom too. the hotel is in a beautiful part of London (Bayswater) and it's near the tube stop... i think i'll come back there in a next visit of london	
Apr 2 2006	The Pembridge Pit	The place is a pit! Our hotel room, which was the size of a postage stamp, had dirty curtains, a broken window that was literally scotch taped back together, a shower curtain with ripped holes so that it fell from the shower curtain clips, and one could literally feel every coil in the bed. The walls may as well have been made of cardboard for all the soundproofing they provided. I was up all night listening to the people next door. I couldn't even get angry at them because it wasn't their fault the hotel's soundproofing is ridiculous. Stay here at your own risk.	
Mar 15 2006	Most awful hotel experience	This March, my husband and I stayed for 3 nights. 3 nights too long. The bathrooms were dirty, shower curtain moldy, no hot water, and bed extremely uncomfortable. That wasn't the worst of it though. After our first night there, I woke up to find myself covered in red bumps all over my arms, ankles, neck and face. At first I thought i got an allergic reason to something, but wasn't sure. That night, we came back to our room, to find little bugs lerking around the headboard. We went down to reception and they switched our room, as you could imagine we were pretty freaked out. After doing some research we soon realized they were BED BUGS (confirmed by my dr, after arriving home). We asked the front desk if they knew what the bugs were-said no, basically completely acting dumb. Apparently, after digging around the internet, I am not the first person this happened to at this specific hotel. The hotel did nothing, and for the rest of my trip I was an itched disfigured mess. WARNING: Do not stay here. It is an awful hotel not suited for anyone!	
Mar 5 2006	Crumbly Towers (apologies to Fawlty Towers)	You really want the photos? Wardrobes that had to be wedged backward because that was the only way the doors would shut? Bathrooms with fittings that leaked so copiously the maid left us extra towels rather than tell management to get the leaks fixed? The air vents in the bathrooms clogged with so much dust they may have been a fire hazard? The interesting things growing in the bath because the maids never used chemicals to clean them? The fire stop doors wedged open with fire extinguishers? We may have been from the Antipodes but the quality versus the price was a let-down, to say the least. We would have expected that, in the country of Shakespeare, at least ONE staff member had English as their first language...Loved Bayswater but would not be keen on this establishment again unless I was on the bones of my arse...	
Jan 26 2006	Never again!!!	We stayed at the Prembridge Palace Hotel for 5 nights in January. Staff was very unfriendly and not very helpful. We had a room overlooking the street which was very loud with traffic (drag racing neighbors with loud radios on the street until 3am). Staff did nothing about complaints when this went on for 3 nights. Room was very small, beds uncomfortable, room was never cleaned execpt for picking up the towels, which had a strange smell. Shower curtain was moldy. The faucets in the room were a joke - had to turn the sink and shower faucets around 2 time before water came out. Elevator was slow, and scary. Would not recommend.	
Jan 11 2006	Good-not great	This hotel was just fine for anyone who just wants to come and go as they please.I would advise people looking for a romantic break not to stay here though, as the rooms are paper thin and you can hear EVERYTHING. Rooms are tiny, but thats something to expect from all London hotels. There is no smoking in any of the rooms so if you are a smoker, you must use the smoking area beside the reception.After reading the reviews we decided to have breakfast elsewhere, so I cannot give an opinion on that. There is no bar in this hotel, although if you feel a thirst, there are tea/coffee making facilities in the reception and bottles of water and soft drinks are sold for 1 pound at the reception. If you are looking for a direct tube in to the centre, go to Notting Hill Gate station, which is only five minutes walk away, past the station, five minutes down the road is the Portobello Market which is well worth a look.No problems here with smelly towels or bed bugs etc, so I guess they have sorted out those problems because everything was clean.If there is one complaint I would make is the cold in the rooms, as the ceilings are so high, they take forever to warm up, we put the heating on full but when we came back from shopping on the first day the room was still freezing, so we put our bags lined up at the door to block the gap at the end of the door and when we came back that evening the room had warmed up.The sheets are very thin, more what I would expect from a spanish hotel where you only need sheets to cover you because of the heat, but this was London in the middle of January, so a proper quilt would not have gone a miss.	
Dec 27 2005	Palace????	Stayed here for five nights. Okay, it isn't expensive but for this money you can find comparable hotels more in the city center. The room was small, and the bed also. It was noisy, you can hear the neighbours all the time. The staff wasn't friendly, they provided free safes, at the reception desk, but every time you need something out of your locker the staff wasn't polite and helpfull. The're was a breakfust buffet, it was a very bad buffet, in a shabby basement with not enough space for the guests (so go for a very early breakfast) In my opinion they should stop serving breakfast, you can better eat in one of the hundred coffeebars in the morning.And last but not least: the location: the hotel is not very near a tube station. The neighbourhood is not bad but it is boring. To go to the center you must step over on the tube, there is no direct line to the center. Especially in the evening when you might to catch the last tube, that isn't handy.And i've forgotten the star rating: this is absolutely not a three star hotel. More a 1+ or 2 star hotel.But London is an amazing city!!!	
Oct 30 2005	Don't do it	The bathroom was not clean when we arrived. When we told the front desk, we were told nothing could be done about it til the following morning. The sheets also had stains on them. However, because the stains were on the sheets, we were able to tell that over the three night stay in the hotel, the sheets were never changed. The stains staid in the same place. The elevator was also very scary. It was old and would jeark up and down and sometimes wouldn't move. I would not reccomend this hotel, even thought it is cheap and in a good location.	
Oct 17 2005	You get what you pay for in London.	I was in no way in love with this hotel but because it was by far the cheapest place I could find so close to everything I'll give it a good review.Pros: Location, decent breakfast included, helpful front desk staff, lots of hot water, cheap, safe.Cons: Clean but rather dingy rooms (could use some new carpet and painting), smelly towels (odd that i have read this in other reviews), rather noisy (paper thin walls, could hear all activities of neighbours and from the hall way), uncomfy bed.All in all I would reccomend this place to the buget traveller who is really just looking for a bed and shower as I was. I would stay here again.	
Oct 14 2005	Expect a typical London hotel!	This hotel is very average. My husband and I stayed here for a week in August and had heard previously not to expect too much from London hotels, however we were surprised with the state the hotel was in. The lobby is quite nice with staff that do their job but don't offer any friendlyness. The lift is very old but pretty spacious compared to others i've seen, although it can be fairly tempremental and not move at all sometimes. We worked out the trick is to not push any buttons until everyone is in the lift, then it doesn't get stuck! The hallways are a good indicator of the state of the hotel; the walls are covered in scuff marks and paint is chipped off. Our suitcases only just managed to fit down the hallway, and the floors are very sqeaky. Our room was very, very small; 2 single beds (when we'd booked a double) squished together, a cupboard in the corner that could't be opened fully because the bed was in the way and a TV on a stand. Absolutely no room for our suitcases so we had to jam them behind the door! The bathroom was not too small; a shower over a tub (which is a bonus because most hotels don't even have tubs), toilet and basin. There's no plug for the hand basin so ensure you don't leave ur jewellery anywhere near the sink!The buffet breakfast is quite adequate and filled us up til dinner on most days. It consists of toast (very, very old toaster that takes around 10mins), warm eggs, jam, cheese, 4 kinds of cereal, coffee, apple and orange juice. The staff are good at replenishing the food although they don't seem to know the words 'excuse me' because they tend to push to get past you.Overall, in my opinion, the most important thing when staying in London is that the hotel is clean because it's main purpose is a base to sleep at night. This hotel is at least clean and serves that purpose, plus we got it for $80 AUD per night so no complaints with the price!After travelling the rest of Europe, we stayed at this hotel again on arriving back in London because it was clean and central to the city. Our room (314) was much nicer and bigger than on our 1st stay and it had been freshly painted.Once we got used to the quality offered in London this hotel was absolutely fine and is very close to the city and surrounds for a base.	
Oct 12 2005	Great Desk Staff	Well, our the third party that we booked our hotel through never placed our reservation with the Pembridge Palace. That being said, we flew from Cincinnati to Paris and took the train to London (all without sleep) to find ourselves with no hotel. The man at the desk was very helpful. He allowed us to use the phone to call the vacation planner in the states so that we could find a hotel as he was booked for the night. We were there over an hour and he was very helpful and courteous. Based off of the restrooms and waiting area, the hotel seemed fairly clean.	
Oct 3 2005	Decent	If I had read the last 2 reviews, I probably woud have gone elsewhere. But I had already booked and was on the road.This is one of the cheapest hotels in London, even if it is more expensive than the Ramada in Wisconsin. Therefore you can't expect Egyptian cotton sheets and down duvets. It's also a European hotel, meaning it's not as big as the Ramada in Wisconsin. That being said, I found this hotel to be reasonable. My room was clean, and freshly painted. And I didn't experience any bites. I had a bigger problem with other guests than the hotel itself. Someone kept pulling the fire alarm, and the line for breakfast didn't move because other people kept cutting in. I probably wouldn't stay here again because I prefer the Paddington area to Bayswater, but if the location was better for me, I would stay there again.	
Oct 3 2005	Not so Good	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night. Got to say the price was excellent at £40.00 considering the location. Also staff helped by allowing us to check in early, this meant we did not get the room we were supposed to and got one in the basement instead. That said the room was small but for 1 night who cares! There was a grubby feel to the room and in the morning the bathroom and towels smelled disgusting.The breakfast was fine.So overall, for 1 night it was fine dont think I would stay again, but if stuck would consider it, especially at this price.	
Oct 3 2005	Very good	We stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel for 3 nights in September 2005. We had read a lot of reviews some bad and some good. We were very pleased with the quality of the room. Yes the room is small but you are only there to sleep, the service was very good and everyone was really nice. If you want to go first class this is not for you, but if you want a comfortable and clean place to rest your head at night this is the place. It is really close to the tube, close to shopping. A light breakfast is provided in the morning, it was good and sufficiant for a continental breakfast, we could even have cereal. Thank you for a very nice stay.	
Oct 1 2005	disgusting	the cab drivers couldnt find Hotel and when we checked in the rooms were super small the bathrooms worse, the towels stunk! we ask about them they assured us they were clean..the covers on the rock hard cheap matteress were so thin you could see through them..there were no blankets to speak of..if the room hadnt been prepaid we wouldnt have stayed the one night..It was a dive..stay anywhere but not there..beware!	
Sep 28 2005	Disgusting Health Hazard Hotel	In order to fully explain what happened to me during my stay at this awful hotel, I will simply insert the letter I have sent to the local health authorities, as well as attaching the photos I mention in the letter:I stayed at the Pembridge Palace Hotel, located at 55 Prince’s Square, London, W24PX (telephone number ------) earlier this month, from Thursday 8th September through Monday 12th September. Though the hotel was a bit small, and the triple room very cramped, it seemed clean enough superficially (except perhaps the towels, which smelled awful), but then I was to discover that there was more to the hotel under the surface. On the night of Saturday 10th September, I went to bed in a perfect state of health and nothing to report in terms of dermatological problems. When I woke up on the morning of Sunday 11th September, my body was absolutely covered with bites that appear to be consistent with bedbug or flea bites (as my dermatologist has also told me). This is most probably the source of the bites, because I was clothed with pajamas and the windows were closed entirely due to the cold (thereby excluding mosquitoes, which could not get into the covers of a bed and through the pajamas anyway). I woke up with dozens of bites, the majority of which were located on a straight line going all up my right arm, starting at the elbow and leading all the way to the middle of my back. Besides these terribly itchy bites, I also had many other isolated irritating bites on both hands, my other arm, both of my legs, both of my feet and even two on my face. Whatever was inside the Pembridge Palace Hotel room that night practically ate me alive and made the whole rest of my stay in London an itching nightmare. I have photographs showing the huge number of bites I had all over, and shockingly the marks from them have not completely disappeared more than two weeks later. When I attempted to complain to the management that morning, the receptionists at the front desk, though they were polite and allowed us to change rooms, never let me speak with a hotel manager. On Sunday, they claimed there were no managers available on that day of the week, and then on Monday when I repeated my request, they said there were no managers that day either. According to them, a chambermaid inspected the room and &quot;found nothing,&quot; but anyone working in a hotel should know that bedbugs cannot be found through a quick visual inspection. I am hoping that your Health and Safety Team staff can check the place out. We were staying in room 110. My reason for writing to you is to formally complain that the hotel room which the Pembridge Palace had provided us with was completely unfit for human use. Either the bed or sheets on the single bed were obviously infested with something that needs to be fumigated (it was a tripleroom with a double bed and a single bed). And it would have been nice if the hotel could have offered something more than just a change of room and an apology from a lower-level employee to make up for the fact that my last two days (or in other words half of my stay) in London were a miserable nightmare of itching, scratching and bad moods, since I felt awful and looked disfigured on half my body. My whole arm and back looked as if I had some terrible disease, and I was very concerned that I might have caught something. I have written an e-mail letter to the hotel, as well, and they have not even bothered to send a response or an apology. I hope that you can investigate their premises and keep any other guests from suffering the same fate that I suffered at this disgusting, cramped hotel. If you want me to send you the photographs of the damage, I would be perfectly happy to.Sincerely,...	
Sep 10 2005	Value for money	After reading the reiwievs on this hotel, we were VERY hesitant to stay there.At first it seemed that all the bad things said about the hotel were true, the staff that worked the desk at our arrival at the evening sunday september 3:rd looked almost surprised to see a busload of tourists wanting to check in.But after twenty minutes we got our keys to the room and as we entered we were more than happily surprised.Yes, the rooms ARE small.Yes, the bathrooms ARE small.BUT, of all the hotels I've stayed in all over europe the CHARM was outstanding!A little balcony just outside our window overlooking a little park where birds were singing and people with a key to enter walked their dogs.My family had two room just beside eachother, so we used the balcony as a passageway between the rooms. And we had our eveningcoffee out there as well, looking down at (and chatting with) our fellowtravellers on the veranda.A comfortable double bed with plenty of extra pillows, CLEAN fresh bedsheats with NO stains on them.Bathroom with clean towels (no stains or funny smell), a bathtub and a fan to evacuate damp. The fan was a bit noisy, but stopped after a while.Part of the charm was the ceilingheight, must have been about 4 meters and made the small rooms seem spacious when laying in bed looking up.The hotel could need some new paint here and there, maybe a bit faster check-in-routines (one of the female deskclerks were VERY serviceminded, taking time to draw us a map to LittleVenice, where we took a canaltrip with Jasons - highly recommended!).All-in-all a hotel with a good location, charming rooms, partially charming staff and I recommend it to anyone who is more interested in seeing London than watching television!!GreetingsAnders with family	
Aug 2 2005	Excellent follow up care	I stayed at the Pembridge with three traveling companions in July. The four of us shared two rooms. My traveling companions really liked the price. We had just completed a ten-day stay in Ghana; the amenities of this London Hotel were a welcome sight. The room space is very tight and we found the halls frequently noisy with conversations and slamming doors of other guests. However. . . . when I got to Gatwick Airport, I discovered that in my rush to get on the shuttle van, I left my mastercard at the hotel desk. Fortunately, I had a hotel card in my purse. A call from the airport confirmed what I feared; my charge card was left behind. The staff member was willing to arrange to have the card mailed to me in the states. I preferred that it be destroyed. My request was honored, and after I arrived home that same staff member was very responsive to my follow-up email inquiries. There is no evidence of the card being misued; I completely trusted that it was indeed destroyed and my credit card company has already replaced it. Upon a budget return to London, I would definitely consider another stay. The location was perfect for connecting with local buses and the tube.	
Jul 24 2005	Good location poor rooms	The Pembridge Palace is located in Westminster near Kensington Gardens off of Bayswater Road. It has a good location for getting public transportation, and lots of shopping and eating places nearby.Rooms are very small, and not maintained too well. No air conditioning, and the surrounding area is rather noisy at night.Staff is excellent. A rather sparse but adequate breakfast (included) of cheese, boiled eggs, cereal and toast is served daily.You might be better off springing for something a little more costly in order to get a better room.	
Jul 20 2005 	Misleading and A Complete Waste Of Money	I had occasion to stay in this hotel for three nights his July. I booked the hotel based upon its desription in a popular website that caters for people looking for rooms at short notice.Upon arrival I was almost in disbielief at what I saw. At first I wonderered if perhaps I had arrived at the wrong place. Certainly this was not a three star hotel as i understand it to be.I found the man on the front desk (I can't name him as I can't be seen to be personally insulting anyone) rude and unpleasent. His maner and attitude to me as I checked in made me feel unwelcome and ill at ease.Once I got to my room, I found myself to be on the ground floor backing onto the patio where guests sat outside to talk and drink etc. This ment I had to keep my curtains drawn almost all the time as a matter of privacy. I also had to keep my window shut at night as the noise was preventing me from sleeping. Not ideal on a hot July night.Upon reporting this problem to the same man at the front desk i again found him rude and unwilling to be of any assistace whatsoever. Indeed he seemed more concerned with his staffing issues than my own comfort. Not what I would expect from a three star hotel.Generally, my room was shabby. It had mould on the ceiling, no tea or coffee making facilities, there were no plugs in the sink or bath and the TV reception was terrible.My stay at this &quot;hotel&quot; was a terrible experience and one which I would not endorse to anyone. There are much nicer places to stay in the Bayswater area for the money.If anyone can suggest a way to enforce a more suitable star rating to this hotel I would be more than happy to hear about it.	
Jul 19 2005	Just Okay...barely	We stayed at this hotel even after the horrible reviews....and some of them are TRUE! We stayed in May 2005 for 3 nights. Our room was alright, very basic. It's what we had expected. But, the door handle to the room was almost falling off, you could actually see through to the hallway!! We didn't bother raising this issue; the staff didn't seem too friendly or professional. (I mean, when the desk clerk doesn't acknowledge your existence for 5 mins. while you're standing there, and only talks on the phone, whilst swearing, it's not too professional). And, what do you expect from a budget hotel?? The decor IS dated, but not too bad. The only thing was the stagnant &quot;old&quot; smell in the hotel was a bit gross. The breakfast was average, but the wait staff were really great.	
Jul 6 2005	Good traveler / budget hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for five nights in June. This was our first trip to London. We had heard that the London hotels are small, and this is true of this hotel. We had also read some very bad reviews of this hotel, and were quite skeptical of our stay. When we travel, we usually stay in moderate hotels. Therefore, we were quite pleased with this hotel. The basic facts are that this hotel is a moderate hotel. The rooms are small but were cleaned everyday. The building is old and shows some signs of this age. However, they have updated the window dressings and spreads. The bathroom was very small but very adequate. We did not travel to London to stay in the room. The free breakfast was good. I can't believe some people complain about the breakfast. Every morning there were boiled eggs, sliced cheese, toast, cold cereals, coffee and tea. The staff replenish constantly and the dining room was very bright and clean. I have no complaints with this hotel. I will stay there again.	
Jul 5 2005	Be careful!	We went to London and were expecting to have a nice trip. I chose that hotel because I read &quot;The hotel overlooks the beautiful Prince's Square private garden.&quot;. When we reached the hotel we got a room B01 - I couldn't believe that I should go to the basement. We had to sleep in the basement and that room was awful, opposite to the lift, between a room for the staff and the breakfast room and close to a public washroom. There was a window but we could be happy to see some light.Luckily we got another room the next day. But I would recommend to avoid booking that hotel if you don't want to ruin your trip!	
Jun 23 2005	The staff were pleasant but the hotel could use a little refurbishing.	The room was very small and the walls hadn't seen any fresh paint in awhile. I had to ask for clean cups for the bathroom because the one that was there had dried toothpaste in it. I also had to ask for a clean blanket because the one on the bed had things on it that we didn't want to look too closely at! And the very large window was so dirty that we couldn't see through it when it was closed - but it was open most of the time for air since there was no a/c and with the room being so small it was pretty stuffy. Their website pictures must have been taken a long time ago because the hotel is far more &quot;worn&quot; than those pictures show. Breakfast was included and consisted of the exact same thing each day, hard boiled eggs, 3-types of bread and assorted jam packets, sliced cheese, several types of cereal, juice-tea-coffee. It wasnt bad but it did get pretty boring after 5 days. Location was good - close to a variety of restaurants in the Bayswater district and close to several metro stations and bus stops to get you quickly to all the tourist spots. Definitely overpriced for what you get - the staff was really the only thing that made this hotel enjoyable.	
Jun 23 2005	There must be better places !	Stayed one night, glad it wasn't the two we originally planned. Room crowded with so many beds ( that weren't needed/requested) TV very small. Don't see why in the 21st century there is an expectation that guests will travel several corridors/floors just to get a cup of coffee - I have not experienced that in a hotel for over 20 years.Room smelled a little staleBreakfast was fresh and plentiful - as long as you like bread...staff were very helpful and polite	
Jun 1 2005	Good hotel for the price	I am glad that I didn't read the majority of these reviews before I booked my trip, or else I would have missed out on this good hotel. We stayed for 4 days at the end of May 2005 for our first trip to London. Our room was clean, and the staff was very nice and helpful. The hotel is about five minutes walk to lots of shopping and restaurants on Queensway. The Bayswater tube station is also about five minutes walk away, which can get you anywhere downtown, to the main attractions, to upper scale shopping and restaurants, and directly to Heathrow (will save a bunch on cab fare). Although Queensway was pretty loud during the night time, the hotel was always quiet all the time. Even though there were dozens and dozens of US university students on a class trip staying at the hotel while we were there, it was always quiet and pretty well organized. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet - breads, jams, eggs, juices, milk, cheese, cereal, etc. - better than the continental breakfasts at most US hotels. The tea was great. We spent very little time in the hotel after breakfast though - we were more interested in the attractions in London than in the hotel, which is likely what most budget-conscious people touring London are looking for. Also, there was plenty of hot water in the morning for a good shower with high water pressure - something I rather enjoyed. Overall, we really liked our stay, and we will stay here again on our next visit.	
May 31 2005 	Not great	The room was dark, stale-smelling and untidy ( curtains hanging off rail ) and there were NO tea/coffee making facilities at all in the room despite publicity stating that &quot;every one of the 120 rooms has....&quot;The room was in the basement and had a glass door leading straight outside ( a security and privacy risk in my view )The bed was extremely uncomfortable, the television reception was poorSound insulation was good, no noise from neighbours at allThe shower and toilet were efficient but there were no drinking glasses provided at all ( for such esentials as rinsing after teeth-brushing ! ) Not a totally bad experience ( I've had much worse ) but a little effort had been spared and the lack of tea/coffee facilities ( in 2005 ) was unacceptable	
May 5 2005	One only word: Terrible!	I spent some days last summer... London is a great city, but our holidays was completely ruined by this &quot;3 stars hotel&quot; ... what a joke!!.. i will rate this hotel less than 1 star! but unfortunately is not possible on tripadvisor. I've got problems on arrival in the evening (about 8:00 pm), they have reselled my booked room! ... and sent me for the first night to another hotel! a real 3 star hotel, absolutely better that pembridge palace hotel (it is not so difficult ... even a stable is better that this &quot;hotel&quot;).Rooms was really REALLY dirty with spider nets on the corners! i've noticed also writings on windows (written with DUST!!) asking the staff to clean !! :))) something like &quot;please clean me&quot; ridiculous. Bathroom was small and dirty my girlfriend refused to take a shower becouse from the upper floor there was a lost of water ... and bathroom lights becoming blinking ... both we thought that was very dangerous to mix water and electricity! nothing was happened thanks to god ... but NOT thanks to the staff !.. they told us that the hydrauilic maintenance was called but nobody has fixed our problem. Not a safe place!Lot of noise all night long .. coming from within the hotel becouse walls are very thin ... and you will able to hear people on others rooms breathing.Breakfast was very poor ... only bread with orange (only orage! bleah!) marmalade.The garden was unusable ... full of trash ... broken chairs, bycicles, boilers...I think that good reviews of this hotel on tripadvisor.com was made by the staff itself believe me ... it is not possible otherwise.I can only say for your health to NOT consider this place.	
May 3 2005	surprisingly pleasant	I was very apprehensive after reading lots of negative reviews and didn't expect too much. The price was better than any other 3 star hotel and it included VAT and breakfast so we decided to chance it. The location was perfect, each day we discovered another underground station or bus nearby. It's close to the Bayswater, Queensway and Notting Hill Gate stations and a few blocks from Portobello Market, Hyde and Kensington parks. It was a fairly quiet neighborhood. Our room was on the first floor facing the Princes Square Park and had a small balcony with windows that opened. The room was small but the high ceilings made it feel much larger and the bathroom was a nice size. Water pressure and temperature was perfect once you figured out how not to scold yourself. Breakfast included a hard boiled egg, cereals, juices, breads and cheese. The staff did a great job refilling everything and keeping the area clean. It's also nice being in a non smoking hotel although the smoke from the smoking room off the lobby does sometimes spill out. The fire alarm seemed to go off for a few seconds at all hours throughout our stay.All in all I would recommend this hotel, it provides a great value for the money.	
May 2 2005	Great budget hotel	I almost cancelled my reservation after reading some of the reviews for this hotel but I am glad did not.I have used budget hotels in London about ten times in the last few years and found this to be the best for the price.The hotel is in a nice quiet square, the room was modern and clean and with buffet breakfast included.If there is better value in London W2 I have yet to find it.	
Apr 26 2005	A good review	On reading some of the reviews of this hotel, I was genuinely worried that I was going to be staying in a dank pit where the overlord manager would sell me to slavery, not allowing me to sleep, eat properly, or, god forbid, watch television.However, when I got there, the only problem I encountered was that I arrived to early and wasnt allowed check in for another hour. When i did check in the staff were quick AND helpful. I suppose if you are ignorant to them, they will respond in kind!As for the room, well, it was small, but what are people expecting for what is a budget hotel. if you want a big spacious room, spend some more money please, and stop posting nonsense on the internet. The room was small, but clean. The bed was comfortable. The room was airy, but had a decent working radiator if it got cold. The bathroom was almost as big as the room, and had a nice powerful shower with hot water. The TVs reception wasnt great, but Ive yet to meet anyone who has travelled to London to watch TV, especially English TV!The breakfast was substandard, but thats purely down to my own tastes. There was plenty bread, fruit, juice, tea and coffee in a clean and well kept dining room.All in all, I cant fault the Pembridge Palace. Good price, good staff, nice rooms. Now if only everyone heeded the no smoking policy (for which there are numerous signs. Fire alarm at 6am isnt pleasent), it would have been perfect.	
Apr 20 2005	Not a 3-star hotel!	Three stars (first class) rating for this hotel is an absolute joke. We expected little from London hotels as we've been there before and have been exposed to the prices and small rooms. This &quot;Palace&quot; takes the cake, however - TINY rooms, thin walls, below-average breakfast. For the price and the rating, you would expect half-way helpful staff. Our wake-up call the day of our 7 am departure never happened - and the manager had the audacity to be indignant and get mad at us for claiming he never called (what, all three of us in this tiny room went deaf?!). The night manager could not explain how we could make an overseas phone call. He convinced us to take a 35 lb taxi ride to Heathrow when the Heathrow Express would have been half the cost - turned out to be someone's private car. Do not expect 3-star service or 3-star accommodations - you will be sorry you stayed there.	
Apr 4 2005	The most terrible hotel in my life!	Stay away from this horrible place!i spent one week in london booking with an agency this hotel... on arrival the first surprice... overbooking! 1 night triping in london :( ... we have changed rooms about 4 times ... becouse all of them was really dirty ... lots of dust everywere... sometimes with problems with toilets... very noisy because walls are very thin ... like paper! the bed was a kind of box with a small uncomfortable net, i've never seen things like that before :((... breakfast was really poor, without choose and if you get your breakfast after 9:00 am you will not find enything to eat!!! We payed to the agency about 50 punds x night!!!! a really theft.The only reason whe stayed here was because whe have payed in advance. Never again... EVEN FOR FREE!.	
Mar 22 2005	Great Staff	For the price it was excellent. We had a great time, staff was very nice very helpful, willing to go the extra mile, the rooms were clean, not fancy, but very nice. Nice breakfast buffet, and we can not say enough nice things about the hotel. It was in a nice safe area, we walked back at 1:30AM from the train station and never once felt afraid. It is about 3 1/2 blocks from the train station and had the best bakery in the world about 1 1/2 blocks away. I can not believe anyone giving this hotel a negative review. It was clean, well worth the money and would stay there again.	
Feb 25 2005	Great stay in late Feb.05	I have stayed in many a hotels in London before, and this, I think, was of the better. Yes, the rooms were tiny, but that's the same at most of these tourist hotels, and you usually don't spend too much time in the room anyways. Another minus was the fire alarm. There's no smoking in all rooms, so when people tried to light a cigarette dispite the rules, the alarm went off in the entire hotel. The staff just turned it off. In the end, I think this is a fire hazard in itself, because guests stop responding to the alarm. We just sit and wait for the staff to turn it off. Not good in case of a real fire. But the room was tidy and clean, had ovens which we could adjust ourselves, had a tv with five channels (though reception was so-so). The staff was kind enough. Breakfast was good. Buffet with bread, cereals, juices, milk, jam, coffee and tea. And the kitchen staff were very good at keeping the food coming. The maids were good also. They came in the room every day with fresh towels and tidied the beds. All in all, I had a nice stay at the Pembridge Palace, and I would recommend it to budget travellers.	
Feb 14 2005	Good accomadation in a cheap price	I stayed at the hotel for four nights during Christmas and found it very feasible. The location is right in the heart of london with all the food and shops very near by. I do not understand why users are complaining about the staff; to me they were more than helpful. They allowed me an early check in and luggage leaving facility (after checkout) was also provided.  The breakfast and its hours were very suitable too. The only thing which I found a bit below expectations was the size of the room;but that was very understandable keeping in mind the accomadation prices in london	
Feb 7 2005	Quite OK	We've stayed in this hotel for 4 days last November, and after reading all the reviews, I was really afraid of what we'd experience. But it was totally OK. We've stayed in the triple room on the 4th flour, northern side overlooking the street. The room was indeed small, but this is a very well known fact for most of low budget (and even not so low budget) hotels in London. The heating worked fine, the noise was not unbearable (the only annoying thing was that our room was just next to the swinging door in the hall and each person passing them made quite a loud BANG!). The sheets were stained a bit but they were fresh. The towels seemed to be clean but they did have a smell, as if they were stacked in a very damp place. I always use my own towels, so it didn't bother me that much. The bathroom was nice and clean, water was hot, we did have some problems closing the shower with wet hands, so the only way to close it was from outside after drying ourselves. Breakfast was good and sufficient, there was plenty of food even if we came down later towards the end of it. There was always warm toast or a toaster to heat - reheat it, eggs, cheese, ham, butter, jams, cereals and beverages.The staff is quite a problem, especially women in the breakfast room who don't speak english. But as much as we needed to contact any of the staff at the reception (which was actually only once when the key to the room didn't open the door), they were kind and they sorted the problem out. The location is good, there are two tube stations nearby (5 and 8 min walk) that cover 3 lines( two of which are Circle and Central, which are most useful to take you to the most important places of interest in the center).To summarize: The hotel is quite ok for a short stay in London, especially for the price you pay. If you don't expect much and if you come to London to enjoy the city and not to spend time at the hotel, then it's fine. Who cares about TV when there is so much to see and do in London!!!	
Feb 7 2005	Horrible would be an understatement!	This was THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Their website says that they have recently renovated; but I just stayed there in Feb. of 2005 and there is nothing newly renovated in the place! The rooms are so tiny that you can barely move, the furniture looks like it was purchased at a garage sale 20 years ago, and (worst of all) the bed linens were filthy. We stayed there on two differnt occasions because it was a layover both coming and going to our final destination, but if we hadn't already reserved the room ahead of time I would have never stayed a second time. In both rooms the bed spreads we covered in stains and holes. The worst was in the second room where there appeared to be a large blood stain. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting the Four Seasons (I have realistic expectations), but this hotel was beyond bad--it wasn't even sanitary!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 4 2005	nothing special yet not too bad!	i've stayed in this hotel a week ago with my friends. the room provided, a triple, could barely fit the 3 of us and our bags. the room was warm and clean and so was the bathroom. the sheets and the towels were stained but they were definitely fresh, they smelt. the breakfast was basic yet good.the location is amazing! the hotel is 5 mins away from the subway (bayswater) and the area is nice and quiet. the only thing i would complain of was the staff. some of the ppl were nice but smiling seemed to be a big issue for them! and i know what i'm talking about as i'm a receptionist as well!!i think i might stay again in this hotel. if you are looking for the perfect accomodation this is not the place to be! but if you are looking for a cheap solution in a nice area i think this hotel would do.	
Jan 19 2005	an open mind wouldnt make this any better...	this may be long-winded, but please take time to read this if you are ever going to visit this hotel.after our travel company overbooked, we were forced to stay at this hotel against our choice. Immediately I checked upon this site and I was shocked and appalled by the reviews.the best I could do was to go with an open mind, and i was still constantly disappointed. It took stepovers to reach the hotel on the tube (much more inconvenient that you might think) and even then it was quite a walk to the nearest station. upon arrival we were largely ignored by the staff, who infuriatingly simply stood and stared at us. after 45 minutes we had checked in, and our party were inexplicably spread across three floors (6 people for 3 rooms).The rooms were far smaller than I could have imagined. It was virtually impossible for two people to pass each other in the room. there was no room to place and / or unpack our cases, and anything of that sort meant taking up the bed. we decided to not unpack them because of this, yet on return to the hotel on the evening our cases had been opened and examined, and various garments and belongings strewn about the room. The bed was firm yet manageable, with irregular moleskin sheets that wreaked havoc with all of our parties skins. The sheets were very thin and no match for the winter cold. the pillows were unusually stained, and this seemed to be fresh. we decided to use our clothing as a pillow until they were cleaned - which never happened. Satellite TV was in fact 3 channels - BBC 1, 2 and ITV. wardrobe held 3 hangers and various rubbish bags and dirty linen.the shower was a simple fitting above a well used bathtub. once turned on, we fought for about 30 minutes to turn it off. we were lucky enough to have hot water in our room however. A bath of any sort was out of the question due to the lack of plugholes in the bathroom, which was coincidentally tiny. the Towels supplied were ragged around the ends, and had a terrible, sickening smell to them - they smelt as if not washed for a very long period, were damp and very dirty. (luckily i brought my own towel).The largest problem we found was that of the temperature - the heating in our room was non functional, and combined with a single glazed window leading onto a public park, coated with barbed wire and hotel rubbish, the room was constantly at a very low temperature. My mobile phone incorporates a thermometer, and at lowest point the room reached 2 degrees celcius. Sleeping in these conditions was unbearable. I attempted to complain numerous times, but the staff replied 'I will go and get the manager' and did not return. our party also had problems of the same nature, but that their room was too warm, and the heating would not turn down nor off.Breakfast was disgraceful. Only small amounts of food were supplied for a large amount of people, which soon ran out. Being first into the restaurant (which remained open for 2 hours per day) there were 10 slices of bread, one carton of tesco milk and 1 bowl of sugar.the staff made our stay unbearable - upon an attempt to purchase a soft drink, the staff stood and watched one of our party wait for about 15 minutes, finally coming out and being abusive to that person, stating that there is a supermarket about 10 minutes away, and that we should stop relying on the staff.upon checking out, most of us had numeric locks on our cases, as they were to be left behind the reception counter. as we returned to collect them, we found that attempts had been made to either decipher the code, and in some cases physically remove it. One case had been blatantly unpacked and repacked in a hurried fashion. Complaints were made but we were told that they had been left at our own risk. This hotel was like a scene from a bad movie - everything was wrong about it. I am in no way being melodramatic. I love London and i try to visit as much as I can, but because of this experience i may never go back. This was in fact a scary experience, as the staff had complete access to your belongings, and seemed to revel in the fact that they did. Please, please do not go to this hotel. It will ruin yor stay and you will be in constant unrest about what will come f your belongings and what will happen next	
Jan 2 2005	don't	Although we're quite easy going about hotels, this wasn't what you should expect from a three star hotel! It wasn't clean, the bed was awful (even for England). It was noisy. The breakfast buffet didn't look like a buffet and they'd better can't serve breakfast anymore! The location isn't so good too. It's quite a walk to the tube, and to get into the center of the city you must step over on tube. So, I would say: don't go there!	
Dec 30 2004	Just horrible	We had room 218, which seemed to be as terrible as all the rest : a big hole in the ceiling of the bathroom, broken tiles, no soap etc. We had hot water (I guess we were really lucky !), but the hot water came from the bath, the cold water from the shower. and ... I didn't had enough power to open the water providers. the lavabo was stuck and dirty water stayed in for a few minutes.And the towels, I think some of them were not washed at all because they had a terrible smell.We had a sattelite TV (hahaha) with 3 chanels (if you could see something) and no remote control. When I went down to ask for the coffee and tea making facilities (it wasn't in the room, but on the door there was a message mentioning you could ring and ask for it) they said they couldn't provide it but you could take some coffee or tea downstairs and take it with you.And not to forget to mention that the 'recently refurnished rooms' had new lighting, but I think they forgot to hide the old holes, because they were all there. we didn't want to pay a lot for a hotel for our Christmas shopping, but I didn't know 3 stars means this in England.And the really great thing was the fire alarm. the first night it went off 5 times ! That created a really special atmosphere, especially the next morning at the breakfast table.I hope the next hotel we choose they will have friendly people who can smile at you or at least speak English.	
Nov 15 2004	Palace...I don't think so!	We arrived at the Pembridge to check in to our already paid for room for 3 nights. Upon our arrival, we were dissolutioned at the prospect of being &quot;shoved&quot; into the basement of this establishment, considering we'd booked 4 weeks in advance. As we tried to find our way to the room, we had to by-pass a couple of cigarette smokers in the fire exit, who actually worked there. Upon entering the room, the door lock &amp; handle was actually falling off and you could see inside the room from the hole it created. We nearly tripped over the bed as you opened the door, there was a TV that had a coathanger for an arial which no channels had worked anyway, and a window looking into the fire exit where we previously passed the smokers. I asked the manager for a room, of a different nature, one where a Honeymoon can be experienced in more subtle surroundings. He said he only had a twin room available. After much debate, we said that'll do for the one night so we went up to the room, opened the door and noticed luggage bags on the floor. Someone was in the bathroom, presumably in the shower. This manager gave us the keys to another room which was already occupied...I mean what kind of security is that! We went downstairs, and for the third time they gave us another room, another twin which we said we'd take for the 1 night only and cancel the following 2 nights. They gave us a set of keys instead of the security card for this room so I had to go back upstairs and get that replaced also, checked my bags in and then instead of London sightseeing, went looking for another hotel that evening so we could relax for the rest of the week-end. The place was a mess, disorganised and definately will never be going to the Pembridge Palace again. I'm astounded how this hotel is rated 3 stars and for the price, your much better off going somewhere else, just like I did.	
Oct 20 2004	Where did the three stars come from?	I stayed here in June 2004 and while I didn't have the awful time some people did, there were just too many individual faults. The reception desk was poorly organised. The en-suite facilities were actually across the stairs, but at least I had my own key to them. This made very little difference as the lock didn't work anyway. The room was on the small side, which I expected, but it had the uneasy feeling of having been recently converted from a store cupboard. The phone in my room didn't work, but I did have satellite television, where 'satellite' is a euphemism for three channels tuned in very badly. Ample entertainment was thus provided by lying on my bed and looking at the fitting where the smoke alarm should have been (which I'm fairly sure is illegal - absence of alarm, not me looking at the ceiling). The door to the room was also poorly fitted, with a gap underneath tapering to nearly an inch, something which wouldn't have bothered me too much had it been possible to turn off the light directly outside the door. It seemed that nobody was expected to use the stairs since they were strewn with unwashed towels and tubs of laundry (again, Health and Safety legal issues). Nor did the cracked tiles on the way down to the breakfast room help the general ambience. Beyond all that, the breakfast was passable, there was useful internet access in the foyer, and the location was fine, if a little characterised by Italians playing football in the street until the small hours. As I wasn't paying all that much it wasn't too dreadful (though I would have hesitated to pay the full prices as advertised), although I won't be hurrying back either.	
Sep 3 2004	Need water please!!!	Some of the persons who went to this hotel had bad experiences with water, We are in this too! In our case there were no water to take a shower for 3 hours on saturday morning. But let me eget back to the begining of our marvelous adventure in the Pembridge &quot;Palace&quot;. We are a young couple (less than 30 years old) who came in London for the Carnival week-end last August. We are quite easy-going regarding comfort, we just needed a clean bedroom to sleep. That's why we accepted without any objections to take a double room with tiny twin beds although we had booked a double bed. The reception guy promised that it was only for 1 night. Our bedroom was very loud but not so dirty, we had no remote for TV and no ceiling light. But for us it was OK, it wasn't a big deal. We became very nervous the day after, because of the water problem. We woke up at 9,expecting to take a shower and having breakfast then...no luck!!! We went to the reception where we were told that the problem will be fixed in 10-15 minutes. We waited for 1 hour (no more breakfast!) and get back to the reception, where there was the only girl a little bit helpful (the Indian girl, not the useless blond) : they said that the whole block had this water problem. We went out (dirty) to take a breakfast and ask a neighbour if he had any water problem : nope!!! We get back to the hotel really angry because of those lies and we asked to see the boss or a manager, noone were here, we waited for 1 more hour before a young guy came and tried to find a solution. We were just fed up with this hotel and didn't want to stay a minute more. He arranged a transfer to the Kyriad hotel just 100 meters far from there where we had a really good service. So our advice : AVOID THIS HOTEL! We do not understand why Expedia keep this place in their records.	
Aug 25 2004	Second worst hotel I have ever stayed in...	Including &quot;palace&quot; in the name of this hotel is an offence against the english language. After a five minute struggle with a fussy defective lock, I discovered that my tiny single room contained a flickering light and flickering TV. The promised ensuite facilities were down the hall. The hallway itself was obstucted by a garbage can full of dirty towels. More of the same were strewn all over the floorway and my room door was partially blocked by a mattress propped up against the wall. The mattress in the room was so uncomfortable that I actually entertained the notion of recovering the one from the hallway.....simply awful hotel. Oh, I almost forgot to mention that the shower pipe separated when I turned it on, soaking the entire bathroom, including all my clothes.	
Aug 11 2004	Some Palace. Avoid the Pembridge Dump!	Horrible place. Hostile and unhelpful staff. Terribly, terribly overpriced (I booked through Expedia and actually spent more for a night in this hotel than I did when I got a room at NY's Waldorf Astoria last summer.) Advertised through Expedia as being in South Kensington, I was surprised to find it in Bayswater--the Queensway on a hot Saturday night was swarming and noisy. My two daughters and I found the hotel and were given a cramped, dusty room on the first floor with a window easily accesible from the street. We had a creepy after-dark walk to pick up some groceries; when we got back I asked for another room.No better, but at least it was on the second floor so we could leave the window open (I was afraid to draw the curtains shut at night for fear of falling bugs.)We had no glasses, no soap, towels seemed unclean (though I tried not to think about that). The phone didn't work, there was no ice, no secure place to leave baggage the next day and a really crummy breakfast. In fact, all those other reviews mentioned the boiled eggs. Guess they ran out of those by the time we got there.Trust me, this place is a dump.	
Aug 3 2004	Not very child friendly	Chose this hotel as it had a patio area for our children to play in but it was filthy and not very child friendly as it had 6ft drop into the basement only protencted by a small fence. It was not cleaned during our trip and had left over food and drink cups everywhere. We also had problems at checkin with us only being given one or our two rooms at 2pm. We returned at 5pm to find the room with our bags had been given to someone else and the cot that had been ordered had still not arrived. On return at 9pm still no cot and the alternative offered was a camp bed. The room was clean and one was an ok size, shower was tiny but good pressure and temperature. Breakfast was a shambles, too many people not enough room. It was ok for one night but not with children. Staff not very helpful. But it was a good location near to Paddington and the taxi ordered for us was reasonably priced.	
Aug 1 2004	not bad	I stayed in this hotel twice, november 2002 and november 2003. This year for the third time. I agree the rooms are small, but comfortable. Breakfast was allright, toast as much as you like, cornflakes, hard boiled egg, cheese, jam and marmelade. Coffee, tea, milk and orange juice to start the day with, what more does a man wants.Reasonable hotel for a reasonable price.	
Jul 23 2004	AVOID THIS "PALACE"	AWFUL hotel. Rooms are tiny, and VERY loud. The people above you will sound like elephants because of the creaky floors. Walls are thin and you can hear every conversation in the hallway. Staff is unfriendly and unhelpful. Breakfast is sparse and the milk is WARM. Shower problem took 2 days to get fixed. TV set gets 10 channels on the small 12 inch screen but only 3 or 4 come in clearly. Dirty towels are left stacked in the hallway for hours after the rooms are cleaned. This place is a dump. Avoid it.	
Jul 20 2004	Do Not Stay Here!	Horrible, horrible, horrible. Do not stay here unless there are no other rooms available in all of London. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in my whole life. We weren't expecting much because we realized we were getting a pretty good deal for expensive London, but this was just the bottom of the barrel. The woman at the front during the day was the most unpleasant and unhelpful staff person we experienced our whole time in Europe. We arrived at 1:00 p.m.which was the stated check in time on our documentation and they refused to let us check in until 2:00 p.m. Then they gave us what had to be the tiniest room in all of London which our one suitcase barely fit in. Their idea of a bed was a full sized mattress on top of a queen sized box spring! We were able to get changed to another room, but my husband and I had to sleep on separate beds because of the extreme heat and smallness of the beds and we are not huge people by any measure.To top it all off, they run some kind of taxi scam on their customers. Instead of calling a real black London cab, they call a private car service which resembles a gypsy taxi rather than a legitimate business. The hotel apparently gets a 5 pound cut of the fare which is much more expensive than taking a regular cab.If you have to stay here, limit your dealings to the gentleman that has the evening shift, he is the only competent person on staff. The woman during the day is a shrew that has not one ounce of professionalism.	
Jul 10 2004	Didn't expect much...got even less	I read all the reviews of Pembridge Palace Hotel before going to London. I was looking for something inexpensive, and I understood from all the 3 star hotel reviews not to expect service and accomodations in London that could even compare with a hotel 8 in the USA. I packed ear plugs, my own soap, and my own alarm clock in order to be prepared. This was a good idea. When I first arrived, they had no record at all of my reservations, even though I had copied the confirmation of my reservations from the internet. They did find a room for me, but I wonder if this was their way of making sure I was satisfied with my room...after all, it WAS a room. My room at the Pembridge Palace hotel was a basic single, and the size and facilities were what I had expected. However, there were several things that annoyed me. The basic single rooms have a private restroom down the hall a bit from the room. This was ok with me. My only problem with that was that the bathroom didn't lock!!! Seems like a very basic courtesy to me to have locking bathroom doors. Otherwise the bathroom was pretty clean. The shower is tiny. No bathtub. My room appeared clean until I had to pull out the bedside table to repair the non-working telephone. There was a dark chunky stain on the carpet that smelled suspiciously of vomit. I was able to repair the phone by using my tweezers as a screwdriver, so in the end I did have a working phone. The &quot;gentleman&quot; at the desk was unable to offer any assistance in fixing the phone. I had 3 keys on two key rings given to me when I checked in. I don't know why I was given all those keys. Only one of them worked. The others had nothing to do with my room's door, and certainly nothing to do with the bathroom door!! The area of the hotel seemed relatively safe, but I would be uncomfortable going out after dark (especially being a female traveling by myself). There were a lot of people hanging out on the street below my window until late in the night. My earplugs were essential to any possibility of sleep. When I came down to the desk at 6AM in the morning to check out, there was no one at the desk. I reached down for a scrap piece of paper that I saw laying there so that I could write a message and leave my keys with it. On the scrap paper, the word f***er was written all across the paper. I guess the &quot;gentleman&quot; was bored. He did appear after a moment, and I happily checked out.	
Jul 8 2004	Understaffed misrepresented	We prepaid rooms before and after our trip to Germany, so we experienced 3 different rooms at the Pembridge Palace for 3-4 days each. We saw good and bad points:GOOD: (1) Complimentary continental breakfast was nice. We bought fruit at nearby groceries to supplement hard boiled eggs, cereal, breads, coffee, juices, &amp; tea. (2) Mix of nationalities staying there made our visit fun. We chatted with lots of people from lots of countries. (3) Good location--neighborhood has lots of restaurants and is close to public transportation.BAD: (1) Hotel is understaffed, leading to problems: Some rooms don't get cleaned until late afternoon, so people can't check in at check-in time. Cleaning is inadequate (some disgusting things in one room when we checked in, moldy shower curtains, dirty curtains). Simple maintenance is neglected, so about 3/5 of light fixtures in all rooms work, toilet paper dispensers are broken, etc. (2) Website misrepesents ammenities. We expected refrigerator, internet hookup, and cable TV in each room, but those are not available. In the lobby there is ONE dorm-style refrigerator for the whole hotel, with one ice cube tray, so no ice, and we hesitated to leave leftovers in it. The internet computer is in the lobby and was always broken over the 2 weeks that we visited the hotel (though they always said, &quot;It'll be fixed tomorrow&quot;). The tiny TVs in each room get 4 very fuzzy channels via rabbit ears.BOTTOM LINE: You get what you pay for. If this price is right for you, fine, but don't expect a luxury stay.	
Jun 21 2004	Don't be fooled!	OK, so I thought I had got myself a bargain from Last Minute but I was wrong, it was more like bargain basement! The first room they tried to give us was in the basement and was missing a door handle and cardkey lock, the hole was ineptly covered with a finger plate and a new key lock fitted above. We about tripped over the bed upon entering the room and it was still unmade from the previous occupants. We asked for another room which was better but still poor, write ups for the hotel stated that it had been recently refurbished - not this room! The girl on reception was as useful as a chocolate teaspoon and to top it all in the morning halfway through washing my hair the water was turned off on the block for at least an hour. Oh, and they still haven't fixed that toaster.Needless to say I won't be staying again!	
Jun 5 2004	A review from a trip advisor user	I was very surprised by the bad reviews. I have stayed at many hotels in London and this one the best for the price. London accomodations are known to be small and expensive. The rooms in this hotel are small, but I was pleasantly surprised with the size of the bathroom (the nice bathub) , large windowns and the nice location, overlooking Princes Square. The hot breakfast is not tasty, but the toast, cereal and tea is decent- and most hotels usually don't even offer more than that. This is by far one of the nicest hotels for the price that I have stayed at in London- believe me, there are A LOT worse out there. 	
May 18 2004	DOn't stay here!	 This hotel is NOTHING at all like the photos. In fact I have a photo I would love to upload of the 3-4 old washing machines piled up outside our daughters window at the hotel. We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights. We arrived at 5pm but couldn't get into our room until 8pm. One of the rooms had dirty sheets but they gave us clean ones that we put on ourselves. The sheet on my bed had a burn hole and though they said they changed the sheets daily... that sheet remained on my bed! The dinning room was cramped and one of the toasters did not work. LOW quaility all the way around with cheap sandwich bread being the mainstay. We stayed out all day, just to NOT have to be in the room. The staff lied to us continually. After reading the reveiws ( so sorry I did not read it before I booked) the one positive one is obviously written by defensive staff... no other possible way! dirty, noisy and I will NEVER return to this hotel!	
Apr 21 2004	great hotel in a great area!!	Me and a friend spend 3 nights in this hotel 12/15 december 2003. I've been to a budget London hotel before so we knew what to expect. After a long search on the net I found this hotel to be providing the most for the smallest price. And I really don't understand why people complain so much about this hotel. maybe we were lucky, I don't know. The lobby looks great, the room was small, but this is common in London. the bathroom had a huge bathtub that made me scream out loud! this was why I choose this hotel! our room was on the side of the street but it was ever so quite. it was december but for some reason we had to open up the window 24/7 cause it was very warm. which was good, cause i was afraid it would be freezing. the breakfast was everything but tasty I have to admit, but I wasn't really bothered about it. And I didn't sleep any of the nights, first of all cause I am a troublesleeper, but also because the bed wasn't too good. but my friend had no trouble sleeping. next time I'll be in London I'll book this hotel again!! it was quite, comfortable and in a fantastic area! just write an email to the staff in advance, to tell them your wishes, that is what i did! oh and who cares about the tv when you are in London!!!! I think people have to high expectations of the 3star rating, one should know that that doesn't mean much in London!!	
Apr 18 2004	What a let down....	If looking for a decent place to stay, try somewhere else. My wife and I stayed here on our 10-year anniversary trip based on a recommendation from hotels.com. There is no way this could be considered a 3-star hotel. The first room we were in overlooked the outside patio with broken chairs/tables. This was a drop off point for trash and other debris. It looked nothing like the picture on the internet. Our extremely tiny room could be easily accessed from the window that opened to the outside balcony since there was no lock and the balcony ran the length of the hotel. Three of the seven mornings there was no hot water. You may want to bring an alarm clock. There are none provided and two of the mornings we did not receive the wake-up calls we requested. The furniture and bedding is not what you might expect for an average hotel. Dirty towels pile up in the hallway each day at the elevator. The complimentary breakfast consists of boiled eggs, warm milk for cereal, and more so plan on walking to McDonalds. We did try to check out early and move to another hotel, but by going through hotels.com you are locked in once you arrive so we would have lost the total amount invested. The staff did upgrade us to a larger room that did not open to the balcony so we made the best of it.	
Apr 14 2004	1 star rating at best		
Mar 26 2004	Room for improvement		
Mar 16 2004	Really quite a nice hotel.		
Jan 23 2004	terrible bad experience		
Jan 13 2004	not pleased		
Dec 28 2003	Found No problems		
Dec 17 2003	Too small for us		
Nov 3 2003	Best budget hotel ever		
Oct 20 2003	Hated it.		
Jul 20 2003	Do not stay in the family rooms		
Nov 16 2009 	Très bien situé ça sufisait		
Oct 31 2009 	Non fidatevi delle recensioni terrificanti!		
Oct 25 2009 	Honnête pour le prix ...		
Oct 16 2009 	appena sufficente.....		
Aug 8 2009 	Por dios cierren ese mal llamado hotel		
Jul 14 2009 	bad choice		
Jun 25 2009	Incubo		
Jun 19 2009 	...ma voi siete matti!!!		
May 22 2009 	Auf gar keinen Fall empfehlenswert!		
May 4 2009 	Pensavo peggio....		
Apr 27 2009 	Epouvantable le mot est faible simplement scandaleux		
Apr 15 2009 	Pembridge=Zulo		
Apr 13 2009 	Ottimo affare il Pembridge		
Apr 1 2009 	Hotel niente di eccezionale ottima posizione		
Mar 29 2009	Studienreise mit Hindernissen		
Mar 16 2009 	Semplicemente orrido..l'albergo + sporco in cui sia mai stata!		
Feb 28 2009 	ottima posizione pulito economico		
Jan 31 2009 	Por lo que me costo no se puede pedir mas		
Jan 22 2009 	Insalubre		
Jan 10 2009 	per chi vuol spendere poco		
Jan 8 2009 	Hôtel à éviter		
Jan 5 2009 	Nnon andateci		
Jan 4 2009	Bon rapport QUALITE/PRIX		
Dec 31 2008 	surtout n'y aller pas sauf si vous etes du genre auberge de jeunesse		
Nov 26 2008	Horroroso		
Oct 22 2008 	Pitoyable !!!!!!!!!!		
Oct 15 2008 	Che delusione!!!		
Oct 10 2008 	Prezzo conveniente ma di qualita' bassa		
Sep 21 2008 	Ni siquiera llega a pésimo		
Aug 27 2008 	Quartiere stupendo ma hotel pessimo		
Aug 21 2008	meraviglioso!		
Aug 18 2008 	Pas terrible...		
Aug 16 2008 	Chambre simple basique		
May 13 2008 	OK pour 3 nuits bonne situation		
Apr 23 2008 	Hotel pésimo		
Feb 26 2008 	Tres mauvais		
Feb 19 2008 	Mal o peor		
Jan 31 2008 	stanze piccole ma accoglienti		
Jan 29 2008 	Sencillo		
Jan 17 2008	Hotel pas cher et agreable		
Jan 5 2008 	Fantastic Hotel		
Nov 7 2007 	menuda habitación		
Oct 14 2007	Brutto		
Sep 16 2007 	Que asco de hotel		
Aug 2 2007 	non buono		
Apr 1 2006	Pequeño y muy austero		
Mar 26 2006	Gibt wirklich besseres!		
Jan 17 2006	Gutes Preis- Leistungsverhältnis		
