Nov 24 2009 	So much potential but too much not right	I stayed for 5 nights in the Victoria Grosvenor which is in a great location - the back door opens into Victoria Station and is a 15 min walk from Buckingham Palace. The hotel is an old railway hotel and the public areas are very nice. The restaurant (Chez Gerard) is nice but a bit too expensive for what it is. That's the good stuff finished, here's the not so good......I'd booked a single room, but when I had to return to the corridor to take off my bag I realised I couldn't spend 5 nights in this 'cupboard'. An upgrade to a double cost an extra £30 per night but the smaller room just wasn't big enough for 5 nights.The hotel promises &quot;a gym and sauna&quot;. Actually it's an affiliation to a local gym, the concierge gave me location details and off I went. Walking into the gym, I was greated with &quot;we're closed for 2 weeks for refurbishment&quot; - the hotel didn't even know! Fair enough the manager sorted another gym for that night. The next day I was directed to a different gym at the very nice Victoria Playa Park hotel, who knew nothing about the Grosvenor sending their guest to use their gym - felt like a bit of a criminal so didn't use the gym again!Air con was very loud (and that was when turned off!). After 3 nights I'd had enough and was moved to another room on the 4th floor annexxe wing - much better room, ask for them to avoid disappointment.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel Great Location	I am a travel agent so I read reviews on trip advisor while booking holidays all the time. I was worried as this was a present for my mum and wanted it all to be a good weekend.I booked the hotel regardless of the bad reviews it has and am glad that I did. The hotel was so near to Victoria station and was easy to get to Wicked and also Billy Elliot (walking distance). The staff were really friendly and the breakfast was lovely. We were not affected by the noise that other people have mentioned.It makes me laugh when people write things like it was really noisy. What do you expect when you are in one of the busiest parts of London. The room I had was just a standard room as expected as this is what i paid for. If you expect the world book something like the Ritz.This hotel is perfect for families, couples, business basically all customers. I will definately book this hotel again regardless of what reviews say.	
Nov 17 2009 	Horrible service and Bed Bugs	We held a client event at this hotel service was awful. They did not have desert for all our clients for instance. Microphones did not work etc etcI had to change rooms three times to stay in an acceptable room. The heating was not on event though it was 8C outside (and about 10C inside!)The worst of all is that several clients reported bed bugs and bug bites.Do not stay there!	
Nov 17 2009 	NIGHTMARE IN LONDON	On my first night in London, my room had old fixtures, smelly curtains and sheets, TV with a thousand parallel lines, and so much noise from everywhere through the window. I never expected to find a hotel such as this... except in a Third World country.I demanded another room for a lot of extra price. Moved to a newer section but the airconditioning shuts every hour as soon as you fall asleep. This is definitely the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. EVER.	
Nov 16 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION	Stayed in London for 2 nights for my partners 40th Birthday – What a great Location, so near for the underground, Victoria Theatre and sightseeing landmarks such as Buckingham Palace, Harrods and Big Ben etc. The Hotel was good – Beautiful entrance, rooms clean and comfortable, and the staff very helpful and efficient.The only down size is the traffic outside which is what you need to expect staying in the centre of London.WILL DEF BE GOING BACK	
Nov 14 2009 	You get what you pay for....	Checked in 3 hours earlier than it said. Staff couldnt be more helpful. Stayed on the 5th floor. yes the room was a bit tired, but it was clean and had everything we needed. Towels were clean as well. Breakfast was excellent. If you go at the peak times, you are going to queue. Its ideally situated for everything, it was reasonably priced and if all people have to complain about is a lick of paint then dont listen!! Stay here.	
Nov 13 2009 	Not what it used to be!	We have just returned from the Grosvenor this evening after spending one night at the hotel. At first glance, this is a beautiful hotel, really stunning architecture on the exterior, and is in a perfect location being right next to the train/tube/bus stations. Also about 10 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace which is very convenient for a bit of sightseeing. Additionally, there's ample restaurants/bars/pubs/cafe's within the immediate walking distance of the hotel, meaning it's easy to get a bite to eat or drink.When we checked into the hotel, the lobby and reception is exactly what you'd expect: grand, luxurious and elegant. Just like the exterior. Staff at reception were helpful, we did require a double bed however they only had twin rooms left because the hotel was fully booked. This was no problem and we were aware of this prior to booking. We then made our way to the bedroom, which was on the sixth floor, and as soon as we left the ground floor, 'cracks' (not literal!) were emerging in the elegant facade of this hotel. Little things such as damp walls, peeling paint/wallpaper etc in the corridors to the room. We then entered the room to find a tiny bedroom, literally, the two (small) beds which were placed in the room struggled to fit! Within the room, which was in desperate need of decoration, was a bedside table, which had a broken draw, a flat screen TV, which you could only reach channels 1-5, and a small wardrobe and trouser press. The adjacent bathroom was poorly lit, did not appear 'clean' (as you'd expect in a hotel), and the shower was difficult to use. There was a hairdryer fixed to the wall in the bathroom, which my girlfriend used until she realised the handle was 'burning' her hand. The safety check sticker on the cover indicated that it had not been checked since February 2007! I cannot explain my dislike of the bathroom any further than it just didn't look &quot;clean&quot;. The bedrooms have single glazed windows, so the traffic noise outside kept me awake for a lot of the night. We had breakfast in the morning, which was lovely, and an excellent selection available, again the staff were very helpful. In conclusion, the big 'plus' about this hotel is the location. However, the bedrooms appear to be very dated, and are in a desperate need of a good lick of paint!I would not return to this hotel because there are plenty others in London which are significantly more comfortable!	
Nov 12 2009 	PERFECT VALUE FOR MONEY RATIO IN CENTRAL LONDON	I would like to start this review with a piece of advice. If you choose the Grosvenor, book a superior room. Reason? More comfortable and they are situated in a quiet wing of the hotel. If you go for a standard you may find yourself facing Buckingham Palace Road and have some trouble with noise coming in from this busy causeway. A superior room is perfect for a business or leisure traveller. You have a very clean and well equipped bathroom. Beds are nice, there is a mini fridge that you can stock yourself if you want to. A 32&quot;/82 cm flat screen with a number of channels, aircon etc. Staff, well in a large hotel as this you find them of all sorts. Some are excellent, some are more or less motivated, but all of them are doing their job as they should. The restaurant is excellent. Chez Gerard is pricey but delivers a very fine French cuisine. Breakfast too is fabulous with a large assortment of hot and cold dishes to choose from. The situation is perfect, just around the corner of Victoria Station. So you don't have to walk a mile to find a bus stop or underground station.The building itself reflects the grandeur of the &quot;Empire&quot;. So, if you are on a budget and think you have a good deal with a low price in a standard room in a four star hotel, think twice and spend your money on a lower class hotel because you may a better value rate comparison. But if you book a superior room you will find no reason to complain whatsoever.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good hotel great location top notch staff and food	Was slightly worried about staying here given some of the previous reviews but my worries were totally unfounded - this hotel was great!Check in was a breeze and staff were efficient and very welcoming, stayed in a standard room which had just been decorated and I have to say was excellent - the room was bright, well laid out and very clean. The bed was excellent and extremely comfortable and a had a great nights sleep. Had forgotten an adaptor so housekeeping appeared within 5 minutes with one, and the hotel also let me check out late and were polite about it to (unusual for London hotels!).All public areas were very well presented and the lobby and bars were very grand and welcoming. Ate in Chez Gerard for lunch with colleagues and was not disappointed - service was excellent, food was very good (great choice) and would gladly recommend to others.	
Nov 9 2009 	Stunning inside great restaurant and fantastic location	Stayed with a friend of mine, was pleasantly suprised at how nice this hotel is inside... i definately recommend the restaurant, its got a nice ambience and the food was great.	
Nov 5 2009 	A massive dissapointment	Stayed one night at The Grosvenor. On entry all seems great, what an amazing building. That was where our enjoyment stopped. Surly humourless receptionists were either utterly disinterested or extremely poorly trained. Room was not at all as had been described, and for the money I have stayed in better rooms by far less than half the cost. Bathrooms not clean, room service ridiculously slow and over-priced. Rough old over-laundered towels, the list goes on.We had a great night out depsite this, having stopped in Chez Gerard for a bite to eat before we headed out to meet old friends. The difference was remarkable between the two. I now understand that this restaurant is a concession within the hotel - Grosvenor would do well to take a leaf from their book on how to look after their guests.The next morning when there was a small queue for breakfast we enquired as to the reason at reception and were flippantly told that it was the restaurant's fault and to speak to a manager there!! Once we were having breakfast I could appreciate the stirling job Chez Gerard do in catering for such a huge hotel in such a small space of time. They were under pressure but coping admirably considering. I think The Grosvenor need to re-visit there way of dealing with guests like us, who paid a large bill on departure for an (almost) entirely unenjoyable stay. Thank you Chez Gerard for saving the day. I won't be back to the hotel.	
Nov 2 2009	Definitely not 4 star value	Room was not as described, as we would have had to pay additional £30 per night for one of the refurbished rooms. Long queues for breakfast so did not have time to wait, so had to eat elsewhere. Bathroom had bad lighting with blocked sink and bath. No safe provided despite being listed in facilities available. Room was very hot and could only open window 3 inches, fan was too noisy allow sleeping.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good location but typical "grossly overpriced" London hotel	Obviously most care and attention has been invested in the communal areas, but our room was, I suppose, what you would expect from a Central London hotel (thats not being complimentary!)- Bedding however was nice and clean and they had very nice cushions on the bed - if they hadnt spent so much money on the cushions then they may have been able to afford to refurb the bathroom. However, it did the job for a bed and shower which is all we wanted it for. Word of warning, if you go at the weekend - I wouldnt bother with breakfast - the queue for breakfast was about 50 deep and all through the reception area (and at least half hour wait)- you queue to give your room number then you get sent to another queue to get your breakfast - we gave up and went to a nice little pub along the road &quot;The George Tavern&quot; for a very reasonable £4.95 brekkie. If they can't cope with the volume of people, then they shouldnt sell the rooms, thats what I say. Anyway, as I said - certainly does the job for a 1 night stop but I certainly wouldnt want to stay for longer than that (but then again I wouldnt at any London hotel!!)	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel very clean and tidy and gorgeous food	My friend and i stayed here last weekend while going to see Billy Elliot at Victoria Palace Theatre. I was a little apprehensive at first after reading some bad reviews but i was pleasently surprised. The location of the hotel is perfect if you want to be travelling a lot as it's next door to Victoria train station. And also very handy if you want to be in close proximity for the Billy Elliot or Wicked theatre shows. On entrance the concierge were very helpful in taking our luggage while we toured parts of london. When we were ready to check in which was around 5 o clock, we successfully did so without any quarms or hassle. We were in room 615 - and it was a lovely clean, tidy room with twin beds, a big old wardrobe and 2 chests of drawers. Even a plasma screen with many channels which was unexpected. Everything was spotless, clean and fresh. The bathroom was fine too. The only negative was there was a little mould in the corner of the bath but nothing to be bothered about. We got complimentry shampoos and soap. Aswell as towels provided. A lot of reviews have mentioned noise from the train station. Well we had our window up a little bit all night, yet we didnt hear any noise from the station. Perhaps our room was on the opposite side, but it was nice and quiet. We only heard a couple of sirens too, so it was fine on that front. Queuing for breakfast did take a little while but we got down there peak time so it was our own fault more than anything. 10 minutes max however and the wait was worth it. On entering you come to a buffet of hot english breakfast. This was all cooked to perfection and very tasty. However what we hadn't realised is at the back of the resturaunt, they held a continental breakfast too, which included coissonts, fruit, yoghurts bread and cereals. We had our full english, and went back for continental seconds!Overall, a pleasent stay for any family, couple, friends or even on your own. It's a grand hotel with a lot of character, comfortable rooms and perfect location.	
Oct 29 2009 	like sleeping in an oven	great location...excellent breakfast...room was dingy, small and hot..we left the two fans on for our entire stay with the windows open..the bathroom was tiny and dirty..mold in the grout in shower..sink and tub did not drain well..backed up...within walking distance to many tourist sites..if you are looking for clean, bright and airy stay away	
Oct 27 2009 	Great location lovely hotel poor room	Hotel couldn't be better located, it's near pretty much everything people would usually want to see in london and everything else is easily reached by tube.The hotel itself is great. Nice and clean, lovely food and good breakfast. However the room we stayed in (347) was very small and overlooked the train station so we were woken very early be platform announcements!!!I would deffinately go back to this hotel but would ask for a different room.	
Oct 26 2009 	Don't waste your money - go elsewhere	The disrepair of room 638 (numerous issues), the musty smell, dingy lighting &amp; external noise was by far the worst standard we have ever stayed in. Terrible bedding. Both night and day managers were totally non responsive to our complaints. A total rip off for the high price we prepaid prior our trip.	
Oct 26 2009 	Worst 4* i have ever stayed in more like a 2*	I stayed in this hotel 23-October-09 as i went to London to watch a show.The location of this hotel is perfect however it is no where by my standards of a 4*The building is becautiful &amp; as you walk in there is a grand piano high ceilings everthing you would expect for a 4* until you get to your room...We were on the 5th floor i booked a double &amp; we had a twin. As you walk in you see a telly on a bracket on the wall which looks like its falling of...its not its just the bracket has been put on at a 40 degree angle so if you watch the telly your watching it on a slant!The Bathroom looked like we had walked back into the 70/80's &amp; was dated...Green. However it was clean.I was kept awake all night by a white tube that went through two holes on either side of the wall which was constantly pumping water or something through it!I woke with Bed Bug bites all over my legs.I would never stay in this hotel &amp; never recommend to it anyone!	
Oct 20 2009 	Go Elsewhere	We booked this hotel in a package through the Eurostar. We were really disappointed in both the service and the rooms. The rooms were small, which is expected in Europe but when we arrived we were given two single beds and told there were no other rooms available even though we had booked a double. We changed rooms the second night but that is just a hassle. The bathrooms were small and outdated, the lighting awful, the rooms were not that clean and the service was bad. The location is great but that is about it - I don't see how this hotel has 4 stars.	
Oct 14 2009 	I would stay there just for the location	The only reason I will stay in this hotel again is because of its location. Terrible service, the front desk ladies didnt know anything, the concierge was terrible, the rooms are depressing the only thing worthy it inside this hotel is the lobby.	
Oct 14 2009 	time warp with class	My first trip to London was great. Since we didn't spend much time in the hotel the negatives wern't a big deal. Upon entering, the hotel was beautiful! Marbel tile, dynomite bar and all of the visual things that get you excited about staying in a place.Then when we wnet to our room we realized it was super small (expect this in Europe). The TV was weak (very few channels) and the bed was less than average. The hallways looked like soemthing out of the 70's. Maybe teh shinning and the room followed suit. The 'included' breakfast was below par ,but it is London. It was clean and the peopel were very nice.	
Oct 13 2009 	A Gem of a hotel in central London!	I stayed at this hotel last month with my friend and we wanted to stay somewhere central, being our first trip to London. I don't think you could get more central than the Grosvenor! The hotel is close to everything, and the metro station is next door which makes it real easy to get around. The hotel has a fab lobby area (great for pictures) and a nice restaurant/bar etc.When we checked in to the hotel the receptionist informed us we had been upgraded to an Executive room, what a great start to our trip!! The room itself was nicely decorated, with modern interior and air conditioning. Overall we found it very comfortable. We had a great time exploring the local area and attractions but mainly we enjoyed the shopping district as it was just a couple of train stops away - oxford street is a must!! The reception and concierge staff were incredibly helpful and more than happy to assist with our many(!) questions we had and they provided maps for us to use.We didn't have time to dine in the restaurant throughout our stay but did enjoy afternoon tea in the lounge area which was yummy! Overall I would for sure come back to this hotel, hopefully in the near future!	
Oct 13 2009 	Awful tiny room.....avoid	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night. The facade and lobby are beautiful but thats where it ends. Our &quot;double&quot; room was so small it was like a single with a small double bed in it. It was so small you could not walk round the bed at all. There was a large window at the end of the bed which over looked a main road, the blind did'nt reach to the bottom of the window so whilst in bed or in the room you were in full view of the street below . The bathroom was old and dated the sink had cracks in it. We decided not to use the wardrobe because it smelt.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exactly what I expected on my second visit	Having stayed in a variety of Hotels in UK and abroad something about the London Hotels always amazes me is how straight off a busy street there can be a traditional hotel awaiting you. Yes it is a train station hotel and so you can hear train announcements from some rooms, however as we knew it was a station hotel we expected some noise and to be honest it is central london hotel so no matter where you are there will be some noise. However the announcements stop just after 10pm and are really not that loud at all. I certainly could not decipher what the announcer was saying, and I am not hard of hearing. The bedrooms in some areas are in need of a touch up and which one of the Guest Services people said they are currently doing a lot of redecorating on the older rooms, however as I had stayed before I decided to splash out the extra £20 and have a higher grade room - I think it was Executive, Double Glazed and air con and very clean and recently redecorated I would have thought. Service at the Hotel was great, with a special mention for the concierge who arranged Wicked tickets and dinner for us. Lovely afternoon tea in the lounge, very traditional and exactly what I had thought it would be. For the price we paid I thought the room was excellent we got a great deal by calling the Hotel and to be honest everywhere else we looked at like Hilton etc were well over double the price. I will definately stay here again esp as I have now discovered the Executive Rooms, I would advise anyone booking to splash out the difference and go Exec!!! Cant wait for my next stay!	
Oct 7 2009 	An awful spot in a wonderful city	Dirty, dusty, delapidated, depressing all describe our room at the Grosvenor, Buckingham Palace Road. The foyer and reception areas are very promising, as are the lounge, restaurant and bar however, once you enter the (frequently out of order) elevators, the experience changes. These self same elevators had the same finger and hand prints on their brass doors for our entire 9-day stay. The ceiling in our room was water stained, the wallpaper and paint were pealing, and the bathroom had been reno'd so long ago that the slap dash fixes were broken and disintegrating.The staff seems to be in a constant state of turn over and, although many were well meaning, the service was awful (save a couple of shining exceptions). The room was very stuffy and, on the third request, we finally got a fan. Every day the bathroom was missing towels and/or toilet paper - what a predicament that could have caused!There was so much dust I thought I was coming down with a cold but - as the symptoms cleared up during the day while out and about - I came to realize that it was dust allergies. And it wasn't restricted to our room, the concol table outside the elevators on our floor was so covered in dust that a name could easily have been written in it.My travel companion said the halls smelled of death - like parts of a hospital (she has worked in hospitals for over 30-years so I take her word for it).My advice? If this is what passes for a 4-star hotel in London, do yourself a favour and go for 5-stars!	
Sep 27 2009 	This Place should be closed down	What a disgusting experienced in a dreadful, poorly managed unclean and overpriced building.Do not stay here unless you are prepared to pay £100+ for a glorified hostel- this place is dreadful and Thistle hotel company should be embarassed to have their name over the door. Do the honest thing and close this place down for immediate refurbishment.	
Sep 25 2009 	Plenty of character and conveniently situated for central London	A very busy hotel with character. Superb staircase in the main foyer however we felt that the decorations needed some attention and freshening up. Our room was comfortable but rather noisy as you could constantly hear the Station announcer giving details of all arrivals and departures at the station below/next door. Very annoying when you need to have the window open. I appreciate that this is not the fault of the hoteL. Breakfast was well presented and of good quality, however, the restaurant was fairly lacking in adequate space between the tables. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would certainly consider staying there again but would ask for a room away from the Station announcements.	
Sep 17 2009 	Pleasant stay in a nice hotel	I stayed a long weekend and was happy to see everything go well after reading so many bad reviews. Confronted with no problems and even with the hotel fully booked they responded well to a need for a room with bigger bed to suit two. The staff was very friendly and welcoming so it gave a good first impression. An early check in worked out fine and the room was ready straightaway. Spacious (and clean) single room with a window to the street, and yes the street noise reached the room but wasn't bad at all. Even though the hotel needs some refurbishment it's a lovely place to stay and with this experience I would definitely stay there again. Thought it was a bit overpriced though, but that was the only negative side really. The location of the hotel is great and it's easy to find being adjacent to the train station.	
Sep 11 2009 	Impressive Building	Stayed here for 1 night due to business, got a really cheap deal on-line direct with the hotel.On arrival, building is really impressive. Check-in took a little longer than i would have liked.My room was in the recently renovated wing, which was not entirely easy to get it, involving lots of up and down stairs. Once found though was very comfortable with a very large bed.Had a drink in the bar which was very expensive (as you would expect from its location) and ate in the restaurant (Chez Gerrard) which had 2 sections, the formal restaurant and the brasserie. I chose the brasserie and opted for the fixed pirce 2 course menu which was enjoyable.Parking is in the nearby NCP, on the website it claims to be nearby, but is actually more like a 10 minute walk away next to Victoria Coach Station. Obtained a discount ticket from the concierge which reduced my parking costs greatly when back at the car park. This isnt mentioned anywhere in the hotel so well worth remembering if you have driven.Hotel is right next door to Victoria train station. Could hear the train announcements from my room early evening and from about 6am, but not during the night.	
Aug 31 2009 	Theatre break	Booked as part of a theatre package to see Billy Eliot. Room on the 7th floor of the Wing extension was disappointing for four star accommodation. Decor was shabby, bathroom was long overdue for a refit. Room was quiet but view over Victoria station and out to Battersea power station was not very scenic. House staff friendly and accommodating and the hotel's central location is ideal for sightseeing. More public parts of the hotel were better maintained. This was a standard double room and maybe the more expensive executive bedrooms live up to four star luxury?	
Aug 27 2009 	HONEST REVIEW. It really is not that bad great location	We booked this hotel as a package for 'take that' concert.Hotel really close to Victoria train and coach stations.I agree rooms are a little tired, but this is also a hotel that is years old and has bags of character.The service was good. We only ate breakfast and that was very good, everything you could ever want, fresh coffee, toast, english fry up, cereals etc.The hotel is approx 5 minutes from Buckingham Palace and St James's Park.I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for somewhere central. BY the way TAKE THAT were amazing!!!	
Aug 25 2009	Nice Train hotel	I stayed at Grosnenor as part of a tour I took which included 2 nights in London and before it left for the continent. Having been to London before I wanted to do some sight seeing, the tour itself did not include London but merely left from London. I checked into the hotel 3 days before my tour started and was placed into a single room [345 I beleive, with a bathroom that had the interesting quirk that you had to climb two steps to enter the bathroom, not a room for one in a wheel chair but for me that was not a problem. I found the room reasonable witht he built in wardrobe and dresser there was more than enough room for my clothes and purchases. It also had a shoe bench against the wall opposite the wardrobe where you could put your suitcas to unpack or sit and put your shoes on in the morning. On my return for the last night of the tour I stayed in room 332 and while it was slightly smaller than 345 it had a bathroom that didn't require walking upstairs to get to and it also had a tub as opposed to just a shower. I cannot fault the rooms for size, I don't see what people's big hang up is about size and hotel rooms anyhow when they are spending the enitre day sightseeing the room is someplace to rest your head not hold a party. The other thing is that ths hotel is a TRAIN HOTEL it is not meant for a long stay it is meant [like the old small coaching hotels in the country ] for one to two night stays for those taking trains at the turn of the twentieth century. I thought the breakfast was good and as it was included in the cost of my room it was nice to eat all I could in the morning and save my £ for a nice late lunch or dinner out. The location is spot on too right over the Victoria train and tube station it is super convenient for going and coming around town, around the country and too and from Gatwick airport[ Gatwick Express ends here]. For those coming from Heathrow it is a short cab ride £8 from Paddington if you have a lot of luggage or a short tube ride on the Victoria Line. I would recommend this hotel, and would stay there again.	
Aug 23 2009 	Delightful stay pleasantly surprised	We spent four nights at the Grosvenor in July and I have to say that the experience turned out to be very enjoyable. This was my first time in Europe, and everyone has always told me not to expect the quality found at hotels in the States, so, after booking through Virgin Vacations, I was prepared for just about anything… Except for the reviews on this site! I was absolutely horrified at the perspective this establishment was presented in, and must admit that I was dreading my arrival at this apparent Motel 8 wannabe. Thankfully, while it was not by any means the Ritz, I was in for a complete surprise.Upon arriving very early in the morning, we found our hotel rooms (1 triple, 1 double) to be prepared already. Perhaps this was a result of them not being occupied the night before, but it was the height of the tourism season, so I am doubtful that was the case. Check-in was a delight and the entire staff were the epitome of professionalism. Because we wanted to begin our sightseeing immediately, however, we chose not to have our bags taken up to the room and the staff happily kept them safe until we returned.Before anything else, I have to say, as far as one major factor of our visit goes, the Grosvenor excels when it comes to location. And, like it or not, location really is everything when you’re on a trip. On that note, I truly believe that, at least for my experience, the Grosvenor just might have one of the best locations in all of London, England! Understand that there are a few things that can make this the absolute truth or a slight stretch. More than anything, this is immediately realized if you are entering the country at Gatwick Airport, which I realize is secondary to Heathrow. The Gatwick Express train is the fastest and cheapest way from that airport to the city center and it brings you right to Victoria Station. And guess what literally comprises the entirety of the station’s façade? The Grosvenor Hotel! Therefore, you don’t have to spend any more of your precious time (and money) in London on taxis, underground transfers, etc. Simply enter the Station and you’re there! We didn’t realize this at the time, but you can actually enter the hotel immediately from a smaller entrance located in the station atrium itself, arriving right at check-in (but there are a few stairs, mind you with the larger suitcases). On internal transportation, the location is also top notch because Victoria Station really is one of the city’s most important transportation centers with (I believe) 3 underground lines converging at the spot, which means you can get anywhere in the city by stepping outside the lobby- very ideal for such a massive and sprawling destination. It’s in a highly delightful area of town, right across from Grosvenor gardens which features beautiful Victorian architecture, and is located in the center of Belgravia, one on the most exclusive and expensive districts in the world with some of the priciest homes to match (including Margaret Thatcher’s) right down the street. Buckingham Palace is right down the street. Nice.The lobby stands as a testament to the Grand Victorian Age, and was beautiful and always cleaned to perfection (even if that meant we encountered an obsolete vacuum cleaner being used on the rugs when we arrived). The staircase was lovely and you really get the feeling that you are in the capital of the former British Empire- it is very appropriate for the city you are experiencing. The entire hotel calls back to the days of the grand station hotels when trains were the main transportation option for all people arriving in the city, and the public décor is splendid throughout the lobby and halls.The rooms were another thing, but not the atrocity they are made out to be here! The décor was definitely not as grand as featured in the lobby, but it looked like your average (3-4 star) hotel room in the US. There was a nice foyer of sorts with a large, spacious (if not cutting edge) bathroom before you entered the actual room which had more than adequate space itself. The suite featured a flat-screen TV, desk, and lamps, your average hotel expectations, and the carpet was not nearly as sad as I was expecting. Also, our tea and coffee were always replenished every morning with fresh cups- a pleasant touch, indeed.I have to say that my bed was quite hard. It was supposed to be of a modern design, but I was not impressed and prefer the traditional boring hotel beds, but it really wasn’t that bad. Also on the negative side, the view from our window was… well, there wasn’t one. Unless you consider the rusty station roof to be appealing, but I think other rooms look out onto the busy square in front of the terminal. The noise from the station was, by the way, never an issue during our stay; you might hear some sounds at night but you can definitely go to sleep with ease.The bathroom seemed very… British. It wasn’t antiquated by any means, but it wasn’t… American. I am probably just being “American” here. It was always clean, mind you, but there were just certain things that I couldn’t tell if they were obsolete fixtures from the ‘60s or if they were just the standard for all UK bathrooms. For instance, the drain was set up differently from the US, but seemed to be the same all over London. So I don’t think this was an actual issue, just an experience in itself. The shower was wonderful and had great pressure and water temperature.My biggest complaint about my stay were the towels. They were always replaced… But I wasn’t sure if the new, dry towels were clean or not. But, I didn’t like it either way and it was enough to be an issue regardless. It wasn’t that they smelled dirty, they just smelled… nasty. I can’t explain it- it was sort of sweet but in a highly unattractive manner. But this might just be the soap they use. At any rate, I was not happy, but I’m not sure if the fault lies with the hotel.Breakfast was included in our package and was great at the time, and absolutely fantastic once compared to our “breakfasts” in Paris and Rome. It features everything you could want in an English breakfast- scrambled and boiled eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, toast, tea and it’s a buffet, too! It’s great sitting there enjoying your first meal of the day looking out into the street in what is such a quintessentially “London” atmosphere. Highly recommend even if you’re not staying at the hotel.All in all, the Grosvenor is a fine hotel with a location so ideal that even if it had nothing else going for it, it would still be more than adequate. You have to remember that, even though this is an awesome site and I couldn’t do my travelling without it, people are much more inclined to write a bad review when they are angered than when they receive good, normal service like they expect. Perhaps if we had not got such a good deal through our package booking, I wouldn’t have been so impressed. I wouldn’t say that I’d stay here again on my next trip to London, but only because I’d like to see more hotels in this city. But for families, especially, I do recommend this hotel for anyone who wants fabulous location, great, friendly and informed staff and an ambience that transports you back to the Victorian Era every day you return after an exhaustive day of sightseeing.	
Aug 14 2009 	Such a shame ....	When I arrived at the hotel I was very excited. The lobby area is beautiful &amp; very much of it's day; in a good way. It had a beautiful grand piano and sweeping staircases..... lovely!The receptionist was dealing with a complaint whilst I was waiting, and I will admit that I was a bit worried. However, all the staff I encountered were kind, considerate and utterly professional. It may have been because I was a woman on my own, but it was lovely nevertheless.I stayed in Room 322 which is a single. Although the room was very clean, it was quite tired in terms of fixtures and fittings. The bedside cabinet was chipped; someone had probably cracked their head on it at some stage! The bathroom, again, was clean, but in a bit of a state. There was a huge chip out of the sink surround and the bottom panels in both the bath &amp; sink were broken.The room had a flat screen TV, but the remote needed a bit of a clean. I was impressed with the amount of channels available, it was clear that the hotel value it’s international customers.The carpet adjoining the bedroom/bathroom was a bit threadbare too.The bed was very soft &amp; the pillows wonderful... but ...... there was a ceiling fan which didn’t really cool the room. There was a standalone air conditioning unit, which made me feel happier.As the ceiling fan was not doing much I put on the unit &amp; quickly realised I needed to pop the vent out the window to ensure the hot air escaped.Consequently I had very little sleep as the unit was loud and because the window was open a few inches to accommodate the vent, I heard every emergency service siren going past. I didn’t really want to change rooms in the middle of the night, so I did not call down to address the problem.In the morning the shower had good pressure and I had the “wake up” I needed.Going down to breakfast I was chatting to the breakfast manager who informed me that the toaster was broken &amp; he offered alternatives. Again, I cannot fault the staff I encountered.I am glad that I was not paying for the stay – as I would have felt rather deflated. I would not stay in Room 322 again, but the view was okay!	
Aug 14 2009 	Good hotel in a great position	Reading the previous reviews, some of them without pity with The Grosvenor, it depends from what are you looking for, if you're looking for a quiet hotel in a calm zone forget it !! The Grosvenor is beside Victoria station, one of the busiest place in London, cars ,buses, trains you'll hear them even if you're at the sixth floor, but from there you start perfectly for any kind of journey in this outstanding city. However the hotel is very good, luxurios, with his ancient style ,the single room wasn't too tiny as I expected , was clean with a good bathroom, the staff is very polite , professional and satisfies every kind of requests you have. Thus I can say mine was a 4 stars staying at Grosvenor !!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Clean Rooms Excellent Location Good Experience!	Our family of 5 booked a Triple and Double in this hotel during our 4 night stay in London. When we arrived (a little earlier than check-in), our rooms were not ready. We waited a short time, and then were given the keys to our rooms. Prior to booking, our Travel Agent said that she verified that all rooms had air conditioning. The Triple was air conditioned, however, when we arrived in the Double, we were pleasantly surprised to find a stand-fan in the room, and no air conditioning. We went to the front desk, explained our problem, and they gladly moved us to another room -- if air conditioning is important to you, make sure you check this before booking.Otherwise, our rooms were nice and beds were comfortable -- bathrooms seemed a little dated, but were very clean. Breakfast in the morning was included with our stay, and was very good. Hotel was in close proximity to Buckingham Palace -- prior to our arrival, we did not realize that the hotel was attached to Victoria Station. This was VERY nice! We took the Tube everywhere in London, and got around with no problems! I would recommend this hotel, and wouldn't have a problem staying there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Do Not Stay At This Hotel!!!!!	WAY OVERPRICED, especially when you consider that the room we stayed in was in desperate need of repair. It looked as if someone/something had clawed one upper corner of the ceiling. Our exhaust fan in the bathroom didn't work. The room was cold &amp; drafty, until the day we checked out., when the heat was FINALLY turned on, which then made the room feel like an oven. Oh yes, they also had a fire drill alarm test EARLY on a Saturday morning. The alarm rang LOUDLY 3 separate times. The staff was friendly and helpful and the hotel is centrally located right near the train station...However, I would NOT ever stay at this hotel again!!!!!	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Hotel if booked at the right price.	I have always wanted to visit London for a theatre break and decided a couple of weeks ago to book a trip through a tour company. I chose the Grosvenor Victoria because it seemed like great value and the internet photographs looked really nice. After booking I took myself off to Trip Advisor to check what the common consensus was on the hotel and was horrified by many of the reviews. I convinced myself that it must be London's answer to the Bates Motel and spent the preceding time in abject fear for what I would encounter?We arrived in London pretty early and proceded to the hotel. The Concierge promptly relieved us of our luggage freeing us to begin our sight seeing. When we returned later to check in we were given the opportunity to upgrade from our standard rooms to executive rooms for a modest £30 per room per night. We declined, took a sharp intake of breath and proceded from the impressive and might I add spotlessly clean foyer, to our rooms, one double and one twin. The main emotion I felt on opening the door was relief. The room was clean, comfortable, of a more than adequate size and the two comfortable single beds had spotless, freshly laundered bed linen. The bathroom was of a decent size and was also spotlessly clean. There were extra pillows, clean towels and tea and coffee making facilities in the room and a hairdryer in the bathroom. I couldn't have asked for more.Every day the housekeeping staff replenished the tea bags, coffee and milk, made up the beds and cleaned and tidied the bathrooms, replacing used towels with clean towels.Our board basis was bed and breakfast and the breakfast in the hotel's Chez Gerard restaurant was a comprehensive buffet affair. I have experienced buffet service before and have been uniformly disappointed with the majority of establishments favouring quantity over quality. Thankfully Chez Gerard has both. I would particularly recommend their sausages and scrambled eggs which are excellent. Had I not been a resident at the hotel I would still have sought out Chez Gerard and breakfasted here.The location of the hotel is one of its greatest selling points. There is a back door which opens out straight into Victoria Underground station with all of its restaurants, cafes and facilities. All of London can be accessed from here saving some serious leg work and making it an ideal location for anyone who is coming to London for the first time and needs to orientate themselves. Much of the food found here is of a good standard and keenly priced.There are a few minus points to the hotel which have been aluded to in other reviews and which are worth mentioning. Firstly, the standard rooms are in need of refurbishment to bring them up to date. The double room in which my travelling companions stayed had quite a small double bed and the lining on the curtains was ripped. There was also a ceiling fan in their room which revolved in a precarious manner when turned on and the Bathrooms do seem to have been very well used. Having said all of this the rooms are spotlessly clean and the housekeeping staff do a very good job at keeping them that way. I had no qualms whatsoever in laying my head down to sleep each night and I would be very particular about having clean bedlinen.Had I not got such an excellent deal on the price of the hotel my review may not have been so favourable, but then the rate we were charged was on a par with many of the B&amp;Bs in the area making it an incredible bargain. I would recommend this hotel highly to anyone wanting to experience the sights and sounds of London and would thank the staff for their courtesy, assistance and professionalism. I would stay here again in a heartbeat providing it was at the right price.	
Jul 29 2009 	Ashamed	I am truly ashamed that this hotel is one that tourists coming to the UK choose because of its location. My stay was for business and we stayed in an Executive double room(luckily I was not paying the £310 per night !!!), typically the room did not have adequate double glazing or noise control and was unbearable from the constant traffic (we were on the third floor) and the banging of doors all night. The bathroom was typically shabby with cracked toilet,cheap toilet paper,minimal toiletries, and marked tiles,there was a complete lack of local information in the room, the phone did not work and there was one tea bag, A sofa in the corner of the room was so dirty it would not have looked out of place in a charity shop, I would expect this from a B+B in Blackpool not a premier location hotel in London.The staff in the restaurant could just about be bothered to mumble english in our direction and the food was completely bland, a camembert starter looked and tasted as though it was straight from Iceland(cheap freezer shop) and the stuffed tomatoes were just plain tomato with mince and rice !! nothing more-nothing less,as for the chocolate mouse, it was as if my children had attempted to make a chocolate cake which had not risen it was so thick - beware the sucharge in tiny print at the bottom of the menu.A fantastic building but typically let down by apethy and poor standards relying on location as a selling point, this is the second time I have had to stay there and I feel so strongly that I have been moved to write this as I do not like to see people being ripped off or to judge the UK by this facade.	
Jul 13 2009 	Never Stay Here	I looked at the reviews here and crossed my fingers that I would have one of the good experiences, regrettably, I had one of the poor ones. The location like everyone has said was great. Right across the street from Wicked and located at Victoria station which made it easy to get to the hotel and the airport. The problem is these positives are totally overwhelmed by the negatives that are the room. Frankly, I've seen walk-in closets bigger than the room I stayed in. It was musty smelling and very, very small. The bathroom lights didn't work and the bathtub was set so high that I was afraid of falling out of it while showering. There is no way that they should be renting this room out. Please don't stay here.	
Jul 6 2009 	Appalling level of cleanliness and customer service	Highly disappointed- A friend and I stayed at this hotel, expecting to find it comparable to other 4-star hotels in London, this was sadly not the case. Though the foyer is grand and it is in a central location, the rooms are certainly not to an appropriate standard. Our room smelt of a stale odour, decor was tired, wallpaper peeling off the walls, rusting shower rail, yellowing shower curtain. We had been provided with only only one towel to use between us. On getting into bed, the sheets were soiled with stains and what appeared like faeces. The reception was notified and provided a replacement sheet at the door. It was left to me to remove the soiled sheet and make the bed with the new linen. I was further disgruntled by the hotel manager whom said she would investigate the matter and response- I am still waiting to gain some compensation.	
Jul 5 2009 	Perfect location but needs updating.	Firstly, please be aware there are 2 Grosvenor hotels fairly close to each other. The one I'm reviewing is the NON-Marriott Grosvenor. Also be aware this is the only hotel I've ever stayed at in London (and my first time there). The Good:- Awesome location. We flew into Stansted AP for the weekend to go see the play &quot;Wicked.&quot; There are trains and several buses that take you to the central station, Victoria. The bus ride was about 75 mins, but was a nice comfortable bus. The hotel is literally connected to the station! You can enter directly from the station if you get there early enough. From the bus drop off point is was about a 1 minute walk. The Apollo Theater, which is where we were watching the play, was about a 2 minute walk from the hotel front entrance, and is directly across the street from Victoria Station. Buckingham Palace is about a 5 minute walk. The London Eye maybe 15 mins, or a 10 pound cab ride. - Price. We used Hotwire.com, so we didn't select this particular hotel, but my cost for 2 days was about $210. So $105 a night in central London, my expectations weren't too high. - Staff was very nice, but I didn't really need their assistance for anything. The Bad:- As many travelers have indicated, the entrance is beautiful, but the rest of the hotel definitely needs an upgrade. Our room wasn't too bad, and it looked like the bathroom was recently upgraded, but all in all, it was an aging room. I'm not a picky traveler (my wife is and would probably not liked the place at all), so I slept fine. But if you are a person who's very picky about where you lay your head, I would not choose this hotel. I would also have not have been happy if I paid top-dollar for this hotel. - Very pricey menu, there are a ton of good restaurants within walking distance or a short cab ride, so I wouldn't bother with that.- Reminded me of the &quot;Overlook&quot; hotel from the movie &quot;The Shining&quot;....	
Jul 5 2009	Perfect for us	I was a bit worried about the hotel I chose after reading some of the previous reviews. This hotel was wonderful to both my daughter (aged 23) and myself. We stayed 3 nights as a side trip from Paris. The location of the hotel can not be beaten. Down the block from Buckinham Palace and St. James' Park, and at a major train station with the Victoria, District and Circle lines running through. We were on the 6th floor and faced the train shed. There were what appeared to be new windows and we could hear no noise at all from the station. The carpet and bathroom have both obviously been used but both were very clean. I have been to London several times and I must say that this is the largest room I have ever stayed in. The entrance area to the room was larger than some hotel rooms I've had. The room was set up with two single beds and was just a &quot;regular room&quot; nothing fancy was requested. We had a desk and a table and there was a new flat screen television. We did not have the breakfast at the hotel, we didn't see the need with the train station and shopping area that is attached to the hotel. There are plenty of places for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Sit down breakfast at Garfunkel's or a quick bite at Krispy Kreme to name two. We did order room service late one night and were a bit disappointed, not with the service, just the food. Internet is slightly pricey and seems to have issues around 11pm and midnight, but nothing horrible. My daughter and I also took a special tour of Stonehenge and Bath and the tour left right from the lobby... very convenient. For me the worst part of staying here was the strong smell of Musk in the lobby. It was difficult for me to breathe, but I have asthma. I'm sure the uppercrust guests love that. For us average folks a huge, quiet, clean, comfortable room is all we needed. I would have no problems returning here the next time I come to London.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice Foyer shame about everything else........... :(	Was booked into this &quot;Hotel&quot; for 2 nights B&amp;B by my company booking agent - someone must have got a HUGE back hander. Exterior looks respectable, entrance foyer, classy - with it's baby grand piano and cool marble. Sadly the first impression faded very quickly as I made my way up to my 4th floor room (hoping there was effective double glazing) - along the dark, dingy and tatty hall corridor then my heart sank all the way back to reception. Small, musty and grubby best describes it - with threadbare carpets, damaged wallpaper, and a damp smelling bathroom. Kind of reminded me of a very noisy nursing home - I know central London is noisy, but there has to be some sort of suitable noise control system available - surley? As a lone female traveller I often make use of hotel breakfast room service -usually the suplementary cost is around £2-£3 , here it's marked up at £5 (on top of the £17.00 for the breakfast already met by my employer) but as I was preparing for a very busy day I just put my card out for the following morning, at 7.25am I received a call from the kitchen informing me that some of my choices were unavailable I thought &quot;fair enough maybe they've had a run on Weetabix??&quot; Then I was informed the tray charge was to be £10, Which I had to argue against, and had it reset at £5. On the whole this hotel is very poor and would never stay there again - I have stayed at nicer Youth Hostels &amp; YWCA's in my time - and slept a whole lot better!	
Jun 24 2009 	Room Dirty 	This hotel was fine in the communal areas but my room, 528 was disgustingly dirty and tired. Chairs were grey and shiney with grease and dirt. Carpet was grimey and the bathroom (other than the strange apple green floor ,wall and celing decor) was full of cracked tiles and a very dirty looking shower curtain. I did not want to touch anything in there &amp; had a sleepless uncumfortable night. Some rooms may be fine in this hotel - but mine shouldn't have been let out to paying guests. Shame as it is in a great location.	
Jun 10 2009 	Unfortunately a rat in the room cut short my stay. A shame	A word of warning, I have just encountered a rat running around in my room so I would be careful when selecting this hotel as a place to rest your head! After spending a few hours in a room a rather large grey rat came out from behind the desk and scuttled under the bed. This I found totally shocking. Housekeeping said they would investigate however I will never feel comfortable staying here which is a shame.Stayed here for recent business trips and selected it for it’s convenient location next to Victoria station. The three rooms I stayed in were for the most part light and airy and depending on where you are have nice high ceilings. The décor however is very dated and worn out, and the bathrooms in particular, although they do the job fine, do show their age. The overall feeling is that the rooms are creaking at the edges in a big old house in need of renovation. However on the plus side the wireless is very fast and the full and free access to LA Fitness in Victoria much appreciated. On the minus side, the room service menu is *very* limited and it was sometimes difficult to get hold of room service on the telephone.However, after two weeks I have now moved elsewhere.	
Jun 8 2009 	Clean but expensive for what it is	We were fortunate enough to have exchanged our tesco club card vouchers to almost pay for our weekend break, the room was very clean,so no complaints there,nothing special for a 4* though,the entrance hall is beautiful but the coridoors leading to the bedrooms were a little shabby &amp; need a good paint, staff were attentive,breakfast nice,the only thing i would complain about was the bed was very hard &amp; no better than a travel lodge,if i was paying top money i would expect a more comfy bed. Perfect location for commuting as one of the hotel entrances leads onto Victoria station,so overall i would say clean &amp; tidy room,but next time i would consider a travel lodge!	
Jun 8 2009 	Don't stay here- worst hotel and service I have ever encountered!	I have stayed in many hotels all around the world and it takes a lot for me to complain, but this is the worst place I have ever stayed in. My wife and I stayed for a long weekend in London and needed a central location as we travelled with our two young children. We arrived to be told there would be no electricity or hot water until 5pm, and were not advised of this prior to our arrival. With two young children after a long day traveling and limited time in town, this disrupted our trip immensely. The unapologetic person at reception told us our children could still have showers, just cold ones. We were then moved to a new room, (more inconvenience), and discovered the heating was broken in the room. Our tired children were asleep in the very cold room by this stage, and the next room offered to us three rooms down at 11pm (which I was assured would have working heating as I told staff I could not wake babies if the heating in the next room didn't work), did not have any heat either when I checked it. I'm glad I didn't listen to the staff and checked the next room before moving everyone for a third time! I ordered strawberries to be delivered to my wife in the morning for her birthday but they never arrived. I would have changed hotels but had no time. I wish I'd read reviews first but as it was so expensive I didn't think there should be a problem.	
Jun 3 2009 	Not impressed	The location of this hotel is very good...easy access from the airport to Victoria Station, then right into the lobby. Theater right around the corner; couple blocks from Buckingham Palace. Then it goes downhill from there....We booked two rooms for my sister, my daughter and me. One wasn't ready at check in, so we took all our bags to our room, which was so small, we had to crawl over the beds to get to the bathroom. No closet, just a shelf to put the suitcase on. Bathrooms were dirty. I was livid, and made myself known to guest relations...she showed me another room that all three of us could stay in, which we did. The roominess was better, but the bathroom still had mold and mildew along the grout. They charged $6.95 for 30 minutes of internet access in the lobby. The bill was incorrect at checkout as well. Won't stay again, despite being recommended by travel agent.	
May 13 2009 	Don't believe everything you read	Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend break with spouse and friends....was somewhat apprehensive given some of the reviews I had read on this site, but our experience turned out to be a great deal more pleasurable than some reported here.Hotel is very easy to find - adjacent to Victoria Station - outside is grand in appearance as is the reception hall although it has that slightly tired air of a building that has seen better days.Booking in was friendly although I do agree that one of the first questions is 'Would you like to upgrade?' Being northerners and careful with our brass we opted to wait to see what our allocated accommodation was like first! We were given 2 rooms on the 6th floor that were of adequate size and furnishing for our needs - the room was clean, warm, well decorated with sufficient storage space for all our clothes and the bathroom was of a good size with a bath with shower over. A modern TV with access to plenty of 'Freeview' type channels and tea and coffee making facilities completed the picture.At night there was no noise to be heard from within the hotel although sounds did tend to drift up from the street - late night buses and street cleaning and the odd reveller leaving the pub across the road but nothing too loud and only what you would expect from an inner city hotel.Breakfast was tasty and plentiful - the usual cereals, fruits, yoghurts, continental and of course, full English. Tea, coffee and toast is brought to table by young willing staff and top-ups are regularly offered.The hotel was well situated for short walks to Buck Palace, Hyde Park, Westminster Cathedral and Abbey, Houses of Parliament and the London Eye. Any other destination could easily be reached via the Underground although I would recommend that anyone staying longer than a couple of days and intending to use the Tube a lot should get an Oyster Card.Bar prices are a little eye-watering but given the surroundings in which you enjoy your drinks this is probably par for the course.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will more than likely use this hotel again.	
May 9 2009 	Worst Hotel We Have Ever Stayed In	Arrived on the Tursday evening, had booked a smoking room which we eventually found after having to change lifts and walk for miles. Disgusting is too polite. Curtains ripped and falling to bits, wallpaper hanging off all over the room, bathroom small and dirty in particular the sink which was chipped, cracked and stained. Phoned to reception and asked to be changed to a non smoking room. Dragged all of our bags back out and downstairs. Second room the bed was so small and up against the wall that our feet hung over the end of the bed and I would have had to lie on my side with my face into the wall all night. Back downstairs again and we were given another room key. As it was by now 1130 and at least the bed was a full sized bed we decided to stay but can assure you that if it had been earlier we would have left and found a different hotel. At least this room was clean. Having seen the state of the first room we decided to only have coffee in the morning for breakfast which took half an hour to arrive. We had booked B&amp;B direct with the hotel and have just received the invoice where they have charged an extra 12 pounds each for breakfast. This is an expensive hotel and the reception area makes you think it will be worthwhile but be assured it is not and I would NEVER recommend it to anyone even for one night.	
May 8 2009 	What a wonderful stay at The Grosvenor Hotel	I would like to report back on a trip that I booked for my mum and her friend for her 65th birthday. I booked a deluxe room for them as they had lots planned for the two day stay. they were fortunate enough to be upgraded to an executive room, and I have to say they had nothing but praise for a wonderful room. It was huge! Two double beds and masses of room, lovely breakfast and very attentive staff. Thank you so much for making a truely memorable stay. Special thanks to Thoralf.	
May 6 2009 	Life in the slow lane...	Stayed overnight in April on business. First impressions are that yes it is a grand old building on the outside, unfortunately the rest of the interior appears as dated.The reception, bar and dining areas are fine for your needs. The bedrooms sadly are a different story altogether.I was put in a first floor room with a lovely placement opposite the main road and the myriad of bus stops that came with it. The room itself was small even by London sizes. The double bed was crammed against the wall so it would have been impossible for two people to get in or out without playing Twister. The room furniture would have struggled to raise more than a pounds at your local car boot sale. I havent seen antiques like this since I was at school...and mine was approved! It was imposible to sit on the chair at the desk due to it hitting the edge of the bed. The curtains were quite frankly filthy. The large cooling fan that sat in the room was fine unitl you switched it on and the fascia fell to the floor leaving the fan to beautifully sculpt your eyebrows. It had been bodged together and was missing its safety screws...not good. The room lights were appalling and simply weren't sufficeint for the room with the desk light unworkable. The only saving grace to this place were the hotel staff who were extremely pleasant and friendly.All in all this hotel needs a makeover even more desperately than I do. There are much better options out there for your money. Take a look elsewhere.	
May 5 2009 	wonder stay perfect location	We spent 6 nights at this hotel. I was worried about staying here based on some of the reviews. And escpecialy worried during check in when they asked if we wanted to upgrade to a newer room for an extra 30 pounds a night.The room was old and next to victoria station.. But, no noise or bugs. The staff was real nice and helpful.The bottom line. it's great for location and value. we paid 100 pounds a night. I would have been dissapointed if i paid 300 a night. Overall, great stay.	
May 1 2009 	Scruffy and poor value I'd rather stay in a travelodge any day	I know London well and have travelled extensively. I'd hoped hotels like these no longer existed, it's the kind of place I feel like turning foreign tourists away from as you see them walking up the steps to check in. In summary:What's good in my opinion:1) The location is great, at Victoria station2) Rooms in the main part of the building seem to be much better, possibly explaining the huge variation in review ratings.What's poor in my opinion:1) Apart from the grandish entrance area other areas seem to be scruffy2) There was a distinct smell of sewage from the lift shaft one evening3) Rooms in the secondary wing are poor, tatty, small and totally unappealling4) For the price I felt it was very poor valueI'd rather stay at a Premier Inn or Travelodge anyday.	
Apr 30 2009 	Don't stay in Rooms 405 or 422	Although the staff were polite and breakfast was enjoyable, the room was very small and overlooked the railway station, which was noisy - not recommended if using for business trip.Only one blind on windows - side windows were left bare and daylight shone through at 5am, because there were no curtains, I couldn't block out the daylight.Very small shower cubicle - no good if you're a size 14 woman and trouser press didn't work. The hand towel was very very old and of poor quality. I thought my room was bad until I saw my colleagues - her room was bare, smelt, was noisy and the blinds didn't work, which meant that she was woken at 5am.On returning to my office another colleague said that he wouldn't stay at this hotel again. I've since made a complaint to my company.	
Apr 30 2009 	Tired and Scruffy	We expected a lovely, old fashined hotel when we booked here. We got a good deal though when we checked in we noticed the normal tarrif was approx £200 per night. It is certainly not worth it. Reception area very nice but rooms old, tired and bathroom dirty. Not what we expected when we booked our romantic break to London. Total dissapointment.	
Apr 25 2009 	Elegant and convenient - great hotel and location	We were very worried given some of the reviews we read. However, we came away very impressed with the Grosvenor. The one explanation I have for the different impression we had is that, to appreciate this hotel, you have to like old (i.e. historic) buildings. The lobby was very grand - it was a pleasure to walk in and out everyday. Our room was a good size - the bathroom a little small, but not a problem at all. Both the room and bathroom were very clean - with no sign of the wear and tear we saw in some of the pictures posted. I suggest mentioning the mixed reviews on this site when you check in - and ask for a nice room. That seemed to work well for us!Breakfast was included - and it was a traditional English breakfast (i.e. toast brought to the table, baked beans, sausage, scrambled &amp; fried eggs) plus fruit, yogurt, and cereal. It was a great way to save money - we'd fill up on breakfast, then only have one other meal during the day.The location can't be beat as other reviews have said. Being literally on top of Victoria Station is ideal. The one tip is to bring ear plugs - yes, we had street noise all night, but the ear plugs do the trick.Another tip is to take advantage of the food in Victoria Station and right around the area. There is one place - Pret A Manger - that has fresh sandwiches, chips (called &quot;crisps&quot; in London) , etc. You can grab that and eat at the park right across from the hotel. Very enjoyable - and a great way to save money while still eating well.We'd go back in a heartbeat and highly recommend the Grosvenor.	
Apr 23 2009 	Not THAT bad...	From these reviews, you'd think it was some Motel 6 in the middle of nowhere. Impressive foyer, less impressive room, but it was fine. Stayed on the second floor. Room was outdated but totally functional and kept clean. Can't beat hotel for location if you're going to see the sights. Staff was helpful and professional. Breakfast was included and good. I got a good rate; if i paid the going rate I might be miffed about its obsolescence. As it was, it was just fine.	
Apr 20 2009 	Tired rooms wouldnt have chosen it for personal break	I had this hotel booked for me by my company as my training course was just across the road. For Location terms, it couldnt have got any better and you just have to fall off the train to get to the hotel (there is even an entrance in the station itself!)Reading the reviews I was rather apprehensive, and yes, the rooms are indeed a lot to be desired, essentially because the standard of the average room does in no way match the grand hallway OR the website - fortunately though I had read Trip Advisor so was fully prepared. The decor and quality reminded me of the old B&amp;Bs I used to stay in as a kid in the eighties, or an old peoples home, tired but clean - with very outdated beddings and styles and some peeling paint. However, clean and the shower at least worked well. (No biscuits in the tea/coffee facility though, SCANDAL! :) My boyfriend and I rate business rooms on quality of biccies they put out, shame on you Grosvenor!)Have to say though, it was very clean and the staff really did try to be as helpful as possible with what must be a difficult job (many people seemed to be complaining!). My workmate was first put in a smoking room, which was very smelly (I didnt even think these existed anymore!) - dont put up with it and ask to be changed. Trust me, the staff are used to complaints.The food (I ate in the bar) is very overpriced for what it is (but thats London for you!) Average fair but dont what ever you do try the Thai curry there, (stewed green water)! If I can give advice to those people who are new to the area I would reccommend Charlotte Street for food near Oxford Circus two stops down, lovely atmosphere, good choice of restaurants with a holiday feel to it. Failing that the Thai across the read from the hotel is expensive but good and the Lebonese place also good.Essentially, for business if you are not fussy its tolarable for somewhere to sleep, BUT YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED IF YOU CHOSE IT FOR A ROMANTIC BREAK. Remember the old peoples home feel to the rooms :)Also you are next to a station, remember the ear plugs. You WILL have to pay for internet too.	
Apr 19 2009 	Worst hotel in London	I stayed for one night ... which was long enough. The reception area is very well presented, but beyond this things quickly go downhill.The decor is VERY dated and the room I stayed in on the7th floor was too warm, dirty and very outdated. The tiles on the bathroom floor were broken/missing and those that were on the floor didn't necessarily match. The furniture was shabby and needed replacing. The carpet was worn. There was also pubic hair in the shower (lots of it).However, the flat-screen TV wasn't bad.The service at reception was (at best) described as &quot;miserable&quot;.The cooked breakfast (£17.95 believe it or not!!!) was cold, tasteless and certainly not worth the money. However, the fruit was fresh and quite nice.I stay in many London hotels and this one has now been removed from our list.	
Apr 13 2009 	upsetting weekend	my husband myself my sister &amp; husband,had a theatre weekend break.we requested a twin room &amp; a double room on the same floor but didnot get what we requestedwhen we got to our room it was dreadful the furniture was old and chipped the curtains hung of the runners the bathroom floor was cracked the sink was rusty and the carpet was threadbear, i asked to be moved and they refused, i will not be going there again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Grand old Hotel	I was a bit concerned when looking on the trip advisor , as this hotel did not get a lot of good reviews.But honsetly we could not fault the grosvenor hotel , we had a great couple of days stay here. The location for seeing all the sites in London was excellent ! i would recommend that you go by the &quot; Big Bus Company &quot; for £24.00 you can get a 24hr hop - on, hop - off ticket , the office is located approximately 200yds from hotel on the right as you leave the main entrance of hotel along Buckingham Palace rd. Room was very clean and tidy with towels changed every day.The service we recieved in the dinning roomfor breakfast was good with staff bringing tea and coffee with toast as much as you want and the chioce for breakfast was excellent.	
Mar 26 2009 	Fine old hotel - but for the bathroom!	Fine old hotel - located almost &quot;on top&quot; of Victoria station. But the bathroom... - it need a serious update!!! I would recommend the hotel - but only because of the location!	
Mar 23 2009 	Awful Hotel Rooms in some of the hotel	I have stayed there twice within two months and both visits were totally different. The first visit was more pleasant - double room modern and clean with all modern amenities, however the second stay was awful. I changed room twice and still awful. The room was small, outdated, very old, a very noisy old fashioned air conditioning unit where you had to put the vent out of the window to work, bathroom small and dirty. I was accompanied by a member of staff from guest service's and she was more than pleasant and chatty until i advised i was unhappy, she did change me room (better than first room but still pretty drab and unacceptable for money charged) but disappeared never too be seen again. I guess on the second visit i was in a part of the hotel that had not been decorated or refurbished this decade. Breakfast was good standard and reception area's were impressive.Outside hotel, next door to victoria train and bus station. Local shops nearbySuch a shame second visit ruined my experience as i was really looking forward to a return visit. Colleagues have also been booked in by company and very disappointed. Thankfully this hotel is no longer being used for any more visits.	
Mar 22 2009 	Great hotel!	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on 13th March as part of a package trip organised by Omega Travel. I was quite worried about what to expect due to some of the negative reviews I have read, however I didn't need to have worried. We left the train at Euston and got a tube to Victoria, the hotel has an entrance from the Victoria train station so you don't need to go outside. On arrival at reception we were very impressed by how grand the hotel was, so far so good. Service at reception was fine and although we arrived earlier than the check-in time, we were allocated a room on the 6th floor, room 608. I was very impressed, it was very clean, spacious, the decor was fine (green bathroom not exactly pretty was it was clean), a very comfortable double bed, flat screen tv, air conditioning system, everything we needed for a comfortable stay. We were overlooking the glass roof of Victoria Station but we heard no noise and had 2 very pleasant nights sleep. The building inside and outside is very grand and it does feel like a 4* hotel. Maybe we were lucky with our room but as long as the room is clean, for the amount of time you spend in it then does it really matter if it's a little small. Breakfast was fine and as we were up early both days we didn't have to queue. We had a lovely window seat both mornings, a hot cup of tea brought to us straight away and we helped ourselves to a hot freshly cooked breakfast. On the second day as we were leaving the breakfast room there was a quite a long queue to be seated so maybe get there as early as you can if you don't like hanging around.After unpacking (plently of wardrobe and drawer space) we headed straight out to explore London. We decided to buy tickets for the London Tour Bus which were £24 for 24 hours which does include a free River Thames boat trip. To be honest I wouldn't bother, you can get a day pass on the normal bus's at £3.80 and it is a much cheaper and faster way of getting around. There is a main bus station just outside the hotel and if you aren't sure which bus number to get, just ask a member of staff at the front of the hotel (they know everything!) or a member of staff at the bus station. We decided not to use the tube again and it was too hot and dirty.There are a few places to eat and drink nearby. We ate in Pizza Express one night (a 5 minute walk from the hotel) as we didn't feel like having an expensive fancy meal, and it was lovely! The shakespere pub was nice for a couple of drinks on your way back to hotel as it's just across the road. The first night we saw the show Wicked at the Victoria Apollo which is a 2 minute walk from the hotel, and the second day we managed to buy cheap tickets from a tourist office to see Grease. Both shows were great and highly recommended.There is so much to do so plan well so that you don't end up wasting time. I would definately return to this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	it's getting old	After having read many of the reviews here, I was expecting something worse. This hotel is getting old, and you can guess it from many particulars, but beside that, I don't have too much to complain about. The location is great, just beside Victoria station, rooms are tiny but clean (at least mine - and the the bathroom was new), the breakfast is good, the lounge is nice and perfect for a business meeting.you probably can get better places at better prices, but this hotel is not bad after all..	
Mar 10 2009 	Saved only by the restaurant	I chose this hotel for a quick and easy Gatwick Express getaway - and from that point of view it couldn't have been better; you don't even have to leave Victoria Station to get there, quite a bonus with London weather.Reception could have been more efficient, and when I got upstairs to find there was no key in my slip of paper and returned to reception, it turned out it had slipped from my fingers - the receptionist gave me rolling eyes and suggested I held onto it firmly on my way back up. Not a great start.The room was very small but clean and the TV worked, as did the heating. The bathroom was in desperate need of updating and the basin was cracked but somehow I survived.The situation was saved only by breakfast at the attached Chez Gerard. Yes, I did have to wait in line for a table, but the food was excellent and I had the best cup of tea, really hot and not stewed, unlike in many smarter places.Checkout was much friendlier than check-in, and the concierge was happy to keep my bag until my departure. Would I go back? Well it wasn't ideal but by London standards it was cheap and I was really happy not to have to drag my bag around with me either on arrival or on the day I left. So I probably would, but I wouldn't tell my friends!	
Mar 9 2009 	A Grand Hotel Ruined By A Dreadful Bathroom!	A fine and central place to stay. It had the air of lingering on past glories. But by god, the bathroom! A cracked and discoloured wash basin and an extractor fan that didn't work.The room was comfortable, the heating worked, it wasn't too noisy .The staff were fine and smiled as all staff smile when they've heard the same complaint a thousand times.No breakfast included in our booking, however a short stroll into the nearby Wetherspoons in Victoria Station served an excellent breakfast for less than £4.00	
Mar 5 2009 	try another hotel before venturing here	My business booked me in here for one night 4th March at my request as it was near to where the event was. Arrived at 11am and was given a room on the corner location on the 5th floor. I nearly fell over the bed as I opened the room door. 2 x tiny garret windows which gave no light and were filled with builders rubbish, no bath only a tiny shower and the room in general dark and cramped. Immediately went back to reception and was given room 304 which although larger and a twin bed overlooked the glass roofs of Victoria Station it was was cold and draughty. There were no curtains at the window only a very cranky wooden blind. The handbasin in the bathroom was really grotty, cracked, peeling surface and very unhygenic. Bath surround mouldy and in need of a good clean. The electrics for the towel rail were disconnected and uncovered. Horrible dirty nets at the draughty window. As I had a tight deadline to get to my event I didnt' find the above issues out until I returned later that evening. At around 23:45 I was awakened by loud banging noises from the station which were not muffled by the old fashioned sash windows. Then all during the night there were loud tannoy announcemnets and banging from the station area itself. Altogether a bad experience!	
Mar 3 2009 	Not so bad	We have just come back from a 2 night stay in this hotel. After reading all the reviews we were dreading it and did try to change hotel but owing to the vouchers we had used this was not possible. We were plesantly suprised. We were upgraded to an Executive room which I would really class as a normal double, but the room was a decent size, large bed, very clean and good bathroom. The worst part of the hotel that we saw were the awful 1980's dark peach curtains in the corridors. The hotel is dated but we found all areas clean. The entrace hall and staircase are beautiful.Yes, there is a problem breakfast and we did have to queue on the Saturday morning for about 15 minutes. Sunday morning was fine, but we did go down at 8.15 am. When we came out of the dining room the queue was quite long though and I'm not sure what the cause was as not all the tables were taken. Maybe they don't have enough staff to cope with a full dining room? The staff were very polite and attended to us well.The location for us was perfect. We had booked the Victoria Palace for Billy Elliott (watch the swearing if you are taking children) which we enjoyed. Very easy for tube and rail links and a handy back door from the hotel into the station. We could hear the ding dong of the anouncements very faintly but it didn't worry us.We had an excellent trip and didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel (which I can't understand why anyone would want to when in London). I can't speak about the other rooms but ours was fine. Maybe not the same standard as a 4* in Asia but for London not so bad.	
Feb 24 2009 	Book Elsewhere.... Trust me on this one.	I got to my room, opened the door and thought I walked into a supply closet fitted with a twin bed. I could not even pull my suitcase in there it was so small... let alone turn around with out hitting the opposite wall. This was NOT the room I booked, not the room I was shown on their website... So... I fussed a bit got a better room, but by whose standards. It may have a bit more room... like 6 inches more room. the bed is a hair larger, however my window sits over a bus stop, a truck route and is sandwiched between Victoria Underground, Victoria Station and Victoria Motor Coach Station. I swear I have never heard such street noise in all my life. If it wasn't the trains, or the busses, or motorcycles revving engines or fire trucks or ambulances or trucks on their route.... it was the general street noise which somehow seemed amplified in the tiny space. My first night's sleep was non existent. It did not quiet down there until almost 4 am. My first priority the following morning was to find ear plugs. I don't think I really enjoyed my stay in London due the the lack of sleep I got here. My second and subsequent third night were better only because I shoved ear plugs in as far as they could go... and while they only muffled the outside noise, I was still disturbed enough to have very restless nights which when your main goal of the day is to squeeze in as much walking sight-seeing as possible made for weary and long days. general notes about this hotel: The Grosovner on Buckingham Palace Road is OLD, shabby, dirty (dusty and musty) the rooms are less than basic. Online, their pictures are conservatively more modern and way more spacious. It is not what you are given, nor is the internet free like advertised. the shower we so small I had a hard time turning around to properly wash my derriere. And it reeked of musty, mold as soon as you opened the door. One morning, I had the misfortune of dropping the soap... and had to open the door to the shower to fetch it and I am quite the tiny woman... The only adequate thing I can report is breakfast is included in your rate, however it is mostly inedible. The lounge is nice and spent most evenings there because I could not stand to be in my closet of a room. In the opinion of this traveller this hotel should beremodeled, closed, or condemned. It is loud, creaky and and ... I can't even think of a suitable adjective for this. The shower is a capsule like thing (think the Jetson's) and I can't even turn around in it. DO NOT EVER STAY HERE...Nothing is as advertised.I have stayed in some crappy places... but this is a new one for me. When I brought the inconsistencies to the attention of the staff they acted like It was my fault that I was misled by their website and the pictures they have posted there. Every evening, i tried to get into my room only to find that my key was inactivated. So, every night... I had to truck back to the lobby (exhausted) to have them re-key my lock and then I could finally call it day...The room I thought I was booking was this one....[-]described and a luxury hotel... a luxury hotel my backside....I've posted some pictures of what the room really looks like....STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO ELSEWHERE. A Holiday Inn would probably be better than this place... hell, a sleeping bag on the Victoria Station platform would have been preferable and probably not as loud.	
Feb 23 2009 	Not worth the money - stay elsewhere.	My girlfriend and I have just returned home from a very disappointing stay at this so called &quot;luxury&quot; four star hotel. My advice to anybody thinking about booking up is simple - don't succumb to temptation and go somewhere else.The alarm bells started ringing at check in when the staff offered us an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a &quot;superior&quot; double room for an extra £40. I thought this was disgraceful. Surely, every room should be of an equal standard in a four star hotel? I had already parted with the monetary equivalent of an arm and a leg. So I wasn't best pleased to be given the impression that I was about to be given an &quot;inferior&quot; room if I didn't cough up what amounted to be the price of a tasty meal in Chinatown. This &quot;offer&quot; just amounts to lousy service. It's as simple as that.When we eventually got to our room, I realised I had been made an offer I shouldn't have refused. I should have swallowed my pride after all and handed over that extra 40 quid to the smiley receptionist. There were cracks in the bathroom sink and the bedroom window. The latter spoiled my view of Buckingham Palace Road.The curtains (bedroom and shower) needed a good wash. The double bed was barely bigger than a single and dipped down towards the ground whenever my partner and I lay on it. The complimentary tea making facilities were hidden in a dusty cupboard drawer - beside a copy of the bible. If I was staying in a 20 quid a night hostel, I wouldn't have minded. But I had paid good money to enjoy a luxury four star experience. And this wasn't the service you'd expect from a prestigious establishment.Breakfast time was chaotic. It was a buffet and there were plenty of stuff to choose from. But the service was really, really bad. Waiters walked past my girlfriend and I on several occasions. We eventually had to shout on one to get us the coffee and toast that we needed.The woman who was acting as Maitre D was too busy shouting at her number two to seat people down or ensure the pile of plates needed for breakfasts were being maintained.  We were left with the impression that nobody knew what they were doing. Again, ok for a 20 quid a night hostel. But not a four star hotel. The final straw came when we discovered a black hair in my girlfriend's portion of baked beans. We didn't bother complaining because we wanted to get out and explore London. We regret not alerting somebody in authority to this cock up.Other pains included having to pay a small fortune to connect to the internet. We've been all over Europe and we've been able to connect for nothing. So why should London be any different? Surely, people have already paid enough to cover the cost of getting onto the World Wide Web?Saying that, the hotel is in a great location (Buckingham Palace is a ten minute walk, the London Eye is 20 minutes away, it's part of Victoria Station and the tube is within spitting distance of taking you anywhere) and the bar is really nice. But people are being charged four star rates for a pad that objectively should be a two star - at a push.My girlfriend and I usually regard hotels as somewhere to put the head down at the end of a busy day exploring new exciting locations. We've stayed in some crazy places over the years and put it down to experience. But on this particular occasion, we feel duty bound to speak up. We have been left with the firm impression that the hotel's management care more about bums on seats and making hefty profits than providing a good service. Again, completely unacceptable for a hotel trading in a world class city like London.I would say shop around. Give your hard earned cash to another hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Back for a second time	I like this hotel. It may be in need of a little refurburbishment but I find it clean warm and comfortable whilst retaining all of its Victorian grandeur. Would agree that the bar prices are expensive as are the restuarants but this is still a great convenient establishment in which to stay	
Feb 16 2009 	OK but.........	Spent 1 night here (Valentines Day, but that was not the reason for our stay). All I can say is OK, but for the price paid, sorry but just not good enough. Small room (standard double), announcements from Victoria Station audible throughout the small hours, bathroom out of the ark, lifts too small and very confusing to get to 'wings' of the hotel, (dreaded to think if there was a fire alarm in the night, would not have had a clue how to get out), very poor facilities in the room, chipped furniture. Good location but do not visit the Shakespeare pub for food, we waited over an hour for SANDWICHES!	
Feb 9 2009 	Very Happy!!	I was given a London theatre break for my christmas last year and part oft this was a one night/two day stay in this hotel. I read all the reviews before we went and was very close to changing hotels but decided to judge it for myself. I am so glad I did as we has a lovely time. Our room was very clean with modern decor. The hotel lobby and corridors were also very clean. We stayed on the first floor above victoria station and heard no noise as our windows had an internal slide window to lock out the noise.We ordered room service on Saturday night and it was lovely. We also had our breakfast in our room this was also very nice and there was LOTS of it.The staff in the hotel were very helpful, we arrived an hour before our check-in time and our room was ready so we were able to go straight up. The hotel also took care of our luggage until we were ready to go to the airport at 5pm yesterday. This hotel is in the perfect location as it has a side door which is in victoria station so no taxi's or buses were needed.I would recommend you give this hotel a go and judge for yourself i'm glad i did.	
Feb 9 2009 	Good location but in need of a refurb	The lobby looks fairly impressive but when you get out of the lift on the way to your room you can see that the hotel is in need of a clean up. The room was ok but very small. If you stay here make sure you put the do not disturb sign on your door as the maids are very insistent at coming in to your room and we got woken up at 8 o'clock, told the maid to leave it til later and they came back again at 8.30! In its day im sure it was a very nice hotel but it definitely needs a thorough refurb now.	
Feb 8 2009 	Not as bad as I was expecting	We stayed one night in this hotel 7th Feb 2009. It was booked along with theatre tickets as part of a package. We weren't expecting much after the lousy reviews, but it wasn't as bad as we were thought it would be.The room wasn't ready when we checked in, so we left our bags with the concierge and came back later. When we got to the room, we had been quite impressed by the public areas, which had a faded Victorian grandeur about them. The room itself needed some TLC and was a little careworn in places, but was warm and the beds were comfortable. The tv was a large lcd, but apart from the chair by the dressing table there were no other chairs in the room. The window was very big but the net curtain seemed to blow into the room all the time, although I couldn't find where the breeze was coming from. The window was shut at the time. There was some traffic noise at night.The bathroom had obviously been carved out of the our room and next door one, and was narrow, with the tiniest hand basin I've ever seen in a hotel room. There was no where to put any toiletries and no towel rails either. The hotel didn't provide any face cloths. When I used the shower it was powerful and hot. However when I closed the bathroom door, the door knob came off in my hand! We told reception on the way out and it was fixed by our return. The next morning it came off again!We had a drink in the Harvard bar and it cost over £11 for a gin and tonic and a pot of tea. Somewhat excessive I feel. Breakfast was taken in the Chez Gerard restaurant attached to the hotel, after a short queue. The food good and plentiful.More of a 3* than a 4* hotel to me.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good deal	Booked for a theatre break through Superbreaks, good deal at £159 for 2 nights B&amp;B and a show. The hotel does look good form the outside and lobby, reading some of the other reviews it seems the rooms must differ a lot. We stayed in 310 , 311 and 312 and they were all ok, except 311 which had blood (we think) spattered up the curtains. 312 was the biggest. No mini bar as advertised though. The bathroom was a bit tired, but the shower was good. We all thought it was a bit faded, but good location and for that price you could skip the show.Good location, back door into Victoria Station.Breakfast very crowded , because we wanted a table for six we had to wait a while, but we reserved a table for the second morning, leading to comments form other guests about 'queue jumpers'. Lots of choice at breakfast, but food not veryhot, and waitress could not understand when I asked for Decaf coffee.Would go back , but would be wary about which room I got after seeing some of the photos on here.	
Feb 4 2009 	Nice lobby but terrible rooms!	Hotel looks great from the outside and the lobby areas and bars are quite grand. The room we had was probably one of the smallest and shabbiest rooms I have ever stayed in (and that's saying something!). Double bed pushed up against the wall, heating not working, draughty window and what looked like polystyrene ceiling tiles with a hole in to the roof space beyond! Desperate need of a makeover! The corridors to the rooms also need a bit of tlc.That said, you are in central London, and the bar area is quite nice. Maybe go in there for a drink instead of staying there!	
Feb 1 2009 	All The Class of a Truckers Motel	I booked this hotel on a superbreak package through a travel agent including tickets for a top london show (Which was amazing!) for my partners xmas present. The Hotel experience was terrible! Our First Impressions were good when we saw the exterior, very grand and the lobby area is also very impressive! But the room we were given was shabby, dirty, poky, dark, dingy, poorly furnished, not to mention the fact that paint was peeling of the walls, bathroom tiles were cracked and the furniture was chipped!! Needless to say we didnt hang around, We complained to reception from the phone in the room (Which was filthy) and we did not get a satisfactory response. I went straight down to speak to the manager who after some time arranged for myself and my partner to be transferred to the sister hotel at Charing Cross which was exceptional good!The Manager admitted to me that he knew the rooms needed a lot of attention and at the moment due to the credit crunch they could not do this work. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone at present! If the management of the hotel chain reads these reviews, please listen to your guests and please refurb these rooms asap.	
Jan 30 2009 	Terrible Experience	I checked in late having been delayed getting to London from France. I had booked a non smoking room and after struggling up to the 6th floor with my luggage I found I was in a smoking room (651) which stank of stale nicotine- the whole corredor smelt the same. I asked to be put in another room and after a delay of around 15 minutes, I was . The new room (226) was shabby to say the least, chipped and scratched old furniture, a pokey little bathroom which looked grubby with a sink that should have been replaced years ago. There was no soap just half empty bottles of shower gel and shampoo. The room had an old oil radiator and a self standing fan in the corner . There was only one towel and two small synthetic pillows . The shower this morning had very average pressure and luke warm water . I could go on . Very very poor value for £119.	
Jan 26 2009 	Worst hotel award 2009!!	Spent an anniversary wknd at the grosvenor hotel, two nights of which we got to see 3 different rooms! Were left to discover for ourselves that there were no double rooms left despite the booking form stating we had booked that. Had to return from our 19th century out dated disgusting twin room down to reception to be told that this was beacause there were no doubles left so we then were upgraded to an executive twin (only at our request/demand), this was a marginal improvement on the first shabby room. The next morning we were greeted to a breakfast queue as long as the one for the london eye (literally hundreds of people) which we refused to wait in so paid for breakfast elsewhere. On return from our day out we met with the guest relations manager, who although apologetic could not offer a refund on the breakfast we had paid for but were not getting. She also admitted in not so many words that the hotel was a 'shambles'!! At night we went to the bar for our usual tipple, bacardi and coke and were told they were out of coke! at half past ten? in a hotel with hundreds of rooms. Overall we were disappointed with all aspects of the hotel and would not return nor recommend it to other travels.	
Jan 25 2009 	Wonderfull	A very good hotel in the center so you can go anywhere with foot,and very quiet for your rest.Good and the breakfast.Very good the rooms but i think that it wasn't so clean.	
Jan 23 2009 	Absolutely fine	I stayed here for five days and it was absolutely fine. It was a great location for me and very easy to travel from and to.The single room I had was small be perfectly adequate, and breakfast was fine.Comments about the state of the hotel seem to miss the point for me: it isn't the youngest hotel and it's definitely character but if that's not what you wont then don't stay there.	
Jan 22 2009 	Ended up with a cold	After seeing previous reviews I asked, at check-in, for a room in the 'newer refurbished' wing. I was 'upgraded' free of charge to an Executive room, which I thought was a very nice touch. This turned out to be a very cold room as it was inclusive of a pointless 'hall area' which was very drafty before one entered the actual bedroom. Size of bedroom adequate. In the bathroom - huge problems with pipes, which obviously were not 'refurbished' in a very long time. Safe to say do not linger in the shower as the water just trickles and even so, takes forever to go down the drains. Same with sink -drains very lazy. The restaurant Chez Gerard serves excellent 'home style' food, unfortunately even at quiet times (22:30) one has to wait for around 40min from ordering to being served. Given the high price of the food, it seemed cheeky to also include 'hidden charges' such as an 'obligatory' £1.95 included in the bill for bread/butter and a 'suggested' inclusive service charge of 12.5%, not to mention the obligatory charge for water - please read the menu's 'small print' in detail before you order. Mice run from the kitchen to the dining area of this restaurant freely and when I queried this aspect, the staff confirmed that this was the case and that earlier in the evening two ladies were 'startled by a mouse running around the fire place'. I was asked by the waitress whether I am afraid of mice. Whilst I am not, I was happy that I had already eaten my dinner as otherwise I probably would have not proceeded with it and I was very hungry after taking a show in at the Victoria Theatre.Room service was good. I waited only 30 min as advised on the phone when ordering. The hotel boasts about its facilities for customers visiting on business - Unfortunately I had the need during my stay to connect to the internet. I was charged £6 for 90min but unfortunately it took the receptionist/then concierge staff 45 min to work out how to connect me to the internet (including calls they had to make to BT Open World, their ISP provider), which overall was not the helpful/speedy service I was expecting from this 'top class' and experienced London hotel. Most of all I disliked the coldness in the room, the smells coming from the old air con heating system (smells of cigarette smoke which must have been flowing from another wing of the hotel as I was in a non-smoking wing) which made it difficult to have it on all night, and generally after 3nights I was very happy to leave this hotel behind. Oh yes, lastly the furniture was extremely dated in this 'refurbished wing'; a drawer was missing in one of the side cabinets and generally it all looked and felt very dated. The best thing about this hotel is the 'grand entrance' and nice (though pricey) cocktails at the Hotel bar.	
Jan 14 2009 	Poorly maintained	I booked this hotel through the British Airways website on a 2 nights free stay. I thought that I was booking the Grosvenor house, the web site did not give the address for this hotel. When I finally received my pre-paid voucher for this hotel I saw the address and I found my mistake. British Airways listed this hotel as a 4 star hotel so I decided to take this booking. In my opinion this barely rates 2 stars based on the condition of the rooms and hallways. The staff, on the other hand was very friendly and helpful. Upon arrival at the hotel we were shown a very small room on the front of the hotel facing Buckingham Palace Road. The hallways in this section of the hotel were marked by torn wallpaper and cracks and holes in the walls. The room that we were shown had torn wallpaper, torn drapes, torn carpet and crack tiles in the bathroom. There was no closet space and no coffee or tea set up as promised. I contacted British Airway holidays and they returned my call on Monday morning, the next day. I was also dealing with them for not honoring the 2 night free offer (but that's another story that is in dispute at this point). BA holidays initally expressed disbelief, stating that this was one of their better hotels. They did arrange for my wife and I to change rooms and the staff was very accommodating about the change. They saved 3 room for us to choose from when we returned to the hotel at 23:00 from sightseeing and the theatre. The new room overlooked Victoria Station and had been renovated the previous year. It did have a cracked tile in the bathroom, but otherwise was in good shape. I would classify it as a 3 star room based on size, which was very small. On the positive side, which there was because we did stay there for 2 more nights, the hotel was very well located. It was an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminister Abbey, a bit longer to Trafalga square or Piccadilly Circus, but very manageable. There was a tour bus stop just outside the door. The lounge was very nice. The breakfast was very good, the restaurant was enjoyable (especially with the 20% off coupon that we received at check-in) and the staff was very helpful. The Tube is just around the corner, there are 2 theaters in the area where Billy Elliott and Wicked were playing and there are pubs for atmosphere. We were able to take the underground to Heathrow from Victoria station, much cheaper than any other way to go and very easy (1 change and all you have to do is walk across the platform for your change). I would not recommend this hotel as a 4 star hotel, even in the renovated area, the unrenovated area should only rate 1-2 stars. If the price was right I would recommend a renovated room in this hotel as a 3 star hotel, based on it's location, restaurant / lounge and staff.	
Jan 9 2009 	Just the Best	I stayed at the Grosvenor for the second time with my daughter inbetween Christmas and New Year. As we were arriving at Victoria from Gatwick, its situation is just superb as you don't even have to leave the station to access the lobby - it has its own entrance which comes right down into the main hall of the station. The Hotel lobby is Victorian opulance at its very best. When we were there, somebody was playing the grand piano which was lovely.Check in was swift and efficient and the staff polite. Since our room wasn't ready, we were able to leave our bags with the concierge - a process which took minutes- and we were soon off and out. In 15 minutes you can be in Oxford Street shopping.This time we had a twin room on the fourth floor. The overall impression when we entered the room was one of cleanliness and quality - dark wood quality furniture and thick soft white duvets and pillows on the beds. Yes, the bathrooms do let this place down a bit, but they are not as bad as some people say - just a bit tired and in need of modernising but clean, with good towels and toiletries provided. The ceramic on the sinks has been badly scratched/cracked in both the sooms that I have stayed in, but if you can put up with that, thats about the worst of it.It was exceptionally cold when we stayed but the room was cozy and warm - not stiflingly hot as a lot of hotels tend to be. Believe me,the beds are fantastically comfortable. Tea and coffee facilities provided but hidden in one of the drawers. Big flat screen TV, generally extremely comfortable. This time our room overlooked Buckingham Palace Road which was slightly noisier than being on the other side of the Hotel which overlooks the platforms at Victoria Station. If I stayed there again (which I will definitely do), I would be inclined to ask for station side - the ghostly announcements which float up early in the morning are sort of comforting and not disturbing at all. The Hotel itself was very quiet and one was never aware of people coming and going in the corridors, banging doors etc when they leave early. Our very reasonable room rate - £89- did not include breakfast which was expensive as an extra. Tip - if you are not bothered about the whole big breakfast thing, there are lots of places in the station where you can get a coffee and a pastry or even a healthy juice/smoothy. Oh yes, forgot to mention, there are a few Italian restaurants just across the road from the station for eating of an evening - we went to Pizza Express which is always good. Also, Billy Elliot is showing at the Theatre just across the road from the hotel - we had already seen it, but I would say go if you can.	
Jan 4 2009 	hotel with two faces	The Grosvenor promises so much when seen from the outside , the majesty of the architecture with it's imposing facade impresses and once inside you enter a fabulous high ceiling foyer with thick carpets and ornate marble columns you could easily be swept back to an era of elegance and privilege . The staff seem efficient and helpful and on this evidence you would feel at ease and calm. Unfortunately this sense of serenity vanishes the second you walk into one of the rooms on offer . The first room that we were offered was no bigger than a glorified broom cupboard and was clearly a single but a small double bed was squeezed into it , if i had a cat with me it would have been cruel to even attempt to swing it.On complaining i was given a room on the dreaded seventh floor and after my wife and i cramped ourselves into the smallest lift on planet earth with a couple of strangers (it was suggested that maybe two of us should carry the other two on our shoulders to ease up space) we entered our second room , this was only marginally better than the first but still equally depressing . The wallpaper was peeling and was a dirty yellow , the bathroom had cracked floor tiles(dangerous) and damaged fixtures , grime had got everywhere and no attempt had been made to clean it , the toilet would not flush correctly , the bed was a 4' foot wide &quot;double&quot; (laughable to call it a double - my dog has a bigger bed) , the window would not open more than six inches and was impossible to lock shut ( allowing for draught) and a draw was missing from the dressing table, apart from that and a few other minor complaints the room really was bad. On the plus side the hotel is superbly located and the food was good (but allow at least half-hour to queue for a table at peak times for breakfast) and the staff were friendly but seemingly undertrained for the task of running a large hotel . In conclusion i mentioned to my wife that considering the large amount of overseas visitors staying at the hotel i felt slightly embarrassed that this was what some of them may think was the best that Britain could offer in hotel elegance and standards. The Grosvenor is a hotel with two faces , it's front face is elegant , clean and effient with a hint of class and sophistication , it's other face is one of dated rooms , grime and broken fixtures, depressing wallpaper and impossible to flush toilets . The Grosvenor is ideal for travellers with low expectations and see the good in everything , for everyone else my advice is to stay away .	
Dec 30 2008 	Great Experience	We booked this hotel through our trusted travel agent. After booking I read the reviews on this website. I was very discouraged and almost changed hotels. I am so glad we did not. We are a family of 5 so had to book 2 rooms (233 and 417). Both rooms were clean and spacious. I agree the rooms were a little outdated, but that just added to the ambiance of the style of hotel. We experienced none of the problems that any of the other posters wrote about. Bathrooms were clean and not falling apart. The English Breakfast that was included was a buffet and as far as English food goes, it was pretty good. The staff was friendly and very helpful. I would definetely stay here again and would recommend to others. I hope that others who read these reviews consider that this is not a five star hotel in the US, but a wonderful London experience.	
Dec 28 2008 	This would never be my first choice...	I stayed here earlier in the month during a business trip. I had been here before and was not impressed, but it being December, London was crowded and other hotels were above our business cost limit, so I ended up at the Grosvenor again. In terms of location of course, it can hardly be bettered. I especially love the fact that there is an entrance from Victoria station concourse to reception, so you don't even have to go into the street to get in the hotel. This is handy when returning alone late at night. The ground floor is spectacular - I am a great fan of Victorian architectural magnificence such as you see here - but how the bedrooms let the place down! Well, the single ones do anyway. The price at the desk for one if you just show up is £260 + VAT per night, which is a disgrace when the room they give you is worth about £50 at most! Mine was tiny, especially the bathroom which had to have an outward-opening door because it was so small. It had 70s pink plastic sink and tiny shower, very naff. There were blinds on the huge bedroom window but they did not cover up the whole window, nor were there any nets or curtains. As I was facing the front of a busy street, this made me feel a bit self-conscious.During the whole time I was there the room was freezing as the radiator was giving out no heat, and the portable heater which had been left in the room wasn't working. When I was watching TV I decided to get under the bedclothes for more heat but I was soon very cold there too, so I called housekeeping and asked for an extra duvet. They sent me two foreign staff who could speak about five English words between them (including &quot;duvet&quot; which I suspect they had only just been taught). However, what they brought me was an empty duvet cover, which did not do much to keep me warm! Tried to explain the problem but the staff didn't understand. I could have called housekeeping again but couldn't be bothered so I went to bed freezing and stayed so all night. Breakfast the following morning was okay I guess, nothing exciting, just ordinary hotel food.To summarise, I would have to say that if they refurbish the bedrooms then this could be a wonderful hotel but now - at least in the single rooms - it's less comfortable than your average Travelodge, and much more expensive as well.	
Dec 10 2008 	Shabby Cold And Depressing	Just one night but that was enough - long hike to room - if you are in the annex wing you have to change lift half way up and still walk miles - annex rooms old and tired - bathroom freezing cold and not heated, sink and bath both blocked when I was first in the room - they did clear them out fairly promptly but then the heating was at best lukewarm. Huge impressive looking lobby area but the rooms are just not worth it. Go next door for around the same price,	
Dec 10 2008 	never again	The entrance and dinning room are impressive, and the staff on the door and reception very smart, but for our trip that was as far as it went. The first room we were given greeted us with an unpleasant smell when we opened the door, as we walked in the first thing I notice was there was not a valance sheets on the divan beds, as I turned to comment to hubby I was confronted with wall paper coming off the wall, the hand basin in the bathroom was a disgrace, it had deep cracks and chips in it that were full of dirt. After complaining we were offered another room. Our new room was no better it was freezing cold and stank of paint, the extractor fan didn’t work either. Well we were only there for one night and given that we were on a coach we didn’t have a lot of choice but stay, if we had have been under our own steam we would have left.Sunday we got up early and went for the first sitting of breakfast 7am which was cold, we then found that only one life was working, so we had to carry our bags down the stairs	
Dec 3 2008 	Inexpensive for business 	Walked into a beautiful lobby, but the stay went downhill from there. The check-in process was slow to say the least and 99% of the staff either barely speaks English or speaks it with a heavy, hardly understandable accent. After leaving the lobby, the hotel was very old and worn and the room hadn't seen a deep cleaning in a long time. It was heated by a radiator that I couldn't turn off and could barely turn down. There was no air conditioning but there was a fan that hardly made a difference. The bathroom was small with very poor lighting. At check out, only one staff member was working the desk, and with 1 other party in line, it took me over an hour to check out. Decent English or hot breakfast buffet included in the room fee each morning. The location, however, was perfect. An easy walk to the Queen's Mew's and Buckingham Palace and several local theaters.No gym on the premises but the concierge will give you vouchers for a small nearby gym.	
Nov 29 2008 	A tired hotel	I stayed here for 4 nights on business, as I needed a central hotel near Victoria station. The staff are very helpful, patient and friendly but my room was miles from reception, and it was tired and very average. My radiator didn't work at first (the staff fixed it) and the bathrom was shabby, the plug was too big for the basin and the internal fan didn't work. However, the shower itself was very good and the bed was both big and comfortable. The staff are excellent, and if you get a very good deal on the room rate it's worth staying here.	
Nov 29 2008	Never Again	We have just returned from a one night stay at the Grosvener. It was booked through our social club at work and the intension was to do some Christmas shopping.I thank the Lord that it was just for one night, the room was so cold we had to ask for an electric heater to be sent up.The sink was an absolute disgrace,(see picture) It made you gag when you brushed your teeth.The stair carpet was thread bare and the plaster was falling in places.The staff were the only saving feture of this dull, dirty hotel.	
Nov 26 2008 	Mmmmmmmmmmm.......not great	I stayed at The Grosvenor on business for two nights this month - hotels were very busy that week, and I booked out of sheer desperation (at £190 per night!).I was booked into a twin 'executive' room, so can't comment on the standard rooms, however my room was decidedly average - and small for what is supposed to be an upgraded room. Thistle have supposedly upgraded this hotel to their upmarket Guoman brand, however the refurb of my room was distinctly half-hearted. The general decor was still very much Thistle i.e. bad patterned wallpaper and carpet, mock Victorian wall lights (with burns in the tassled shades - nice touch), old looking desk and chair and furniture. However, the executive touch had been added with a modern armchair tucked in the corner next to the door and wardrobe - looked out of place. As mentioned in another review, had to call down and request the promised bathrobe, and the iPod docking station did not exist. Bathroom was tired but clean, however shower was a trickle. Had room service dinner once which was not bad, however should you need to request a plate of crackers with a cheese plate as an extra? Then on checkout realised I had been charged for my complimentary newspaper. A decidedly average stay, absolutely NOT a £190/night room.	
Nov 23 2008 	Wonderful	Arrived home today from a 2 night stay at the Grosvenor.The room was beautiful, very big and plenty of room for me and my 2 children. My sister was there with her 2 as well and her room was slightly smaller but still big. Both rooms were more than comfortable with all 6 of us in it.The breakfast could not be faulted, an excellent choice and very helpful staff. Could ot of asked for more. THANK YOU.	
Nov 21 2008 	Grand Hotel Terrible Room	I stayed one night at the Grosvenor on business. The location is convenient, right next to Victoria station. Public rooms are impressive and the staff were helpful. The bedroom was so terrible, however, that I could not rate it higher than 1.Admittedly a single room, it was tiny even by London standards. You could not walk through the room without moving the desk chair, no bedside table, ugly dehumidifier in the room, plug-in radiator, tiny bathroom with washbasin that did not drain, window with blind down to cut off the view of the station roof, constant hum from the station, no TV......Awful - and the cheek to charge £118!	
Nov 16 2008 	Grosvenor Victoria Wonderful	What a wonderful hotel. First, let me say the room was huge and very clean with a nice flat screen TV and the usual ammenities-coffee,tea etc. My daughter thought the bed she slept in was one of the most comfortable ever. The pillows were the best we've ever had in a hotel and well, the comforters, were super fluffy and soft. The fact that this hotel is connected to Victoria Station including an indoor entrance through the hotel is a super added attraction and convenience. There are numerous stores and restaurants as well as access to the tube and trains. The staff are very nice and special kudos to Napoleon the doorman. My grandson says he is &quot;the man&quot;. The hotel itself is beautiful and we had no complaints. I must say I was a little reluctant after reading previous reviews but our family had a really good experience here and would stay here again when we return to London.	
Nov 12 2008 	never again	staying here for a working trip. If you plan not to spend any time in the hotel then I think this is for you, if not look else where.On arrival I was allocated my room and offered an upgrade to a double bed for an extra £20 per night, I had always thought that double beds came as standard (silly me).Breakfast really good and the restaurant cannot be faulted however the level of cleanliness leaves much to be desired, if you are on your own and travelling to /from victotia the next day stay here, if you are with loved ones and using it as a base stay somewhere nice instead.	
Nov 11 2008	Good location unhelpful staff	I stayed in this hotel for 4 days in November. The hotel is clean and the entrance is very grand. I have one major criticism; my work booked this hotel for me and I arrived late on the sunday night and was told that to be able to check in I had to pay the bill in full as I did not have a credit card even though my company had arranged to pay on departure. As a 22 year old female travelling alone with no means to pay the 600pounds they wanted I found them to be very unhelpful especially as they refused to take payment over the phone from anyone else. When I finally managed to check in my room was very small but well maintained. The room had blinds which I was fine with but other people may not like. The air con was a unit with a large tube attached and was very noisy. The window was very big and was hard to open and close. The street was very noisy, buses seemed to run all night. The bathroom didn't have a bath and the sink had cracks in it and there were no plugs near the mirrors. Instead of paying hotel rates for the Wifi, there is a internet cafe 2 minutes down the road with very reasonable rates. Having said all these negative points, I did like the hotel, all rooms in london are small and most are also noisy. It is very well located to Victoria station and lots of shops as well as the palace. The room was light and airy and had a safe. I didn't really have any noise from any of the other rooms and checking out was alot less stressful then trying to check in!	
Nov 10 2008 	Ok generally but good location	The entrance to this hotel is beautiful, and the bar and restaurant are beautiful too. Am sure some of the rooms are as well, just not the ones I stayed in. Both times I was put in the annex to the hotel, the first time it took about 10 minutes to get out to the reception from my very very small bedroom. The second time I upgraded to a double which wasn't all that much better but at least was a bit more roomy. The hotel is just too big and needs a bit of TLC in places.The hotel is in a good location for the bus, train and coach station and there are loads of restaurants in the vicinity within walking distance. My first room overlooked the station and was a little noisy with platform announcements but not too bad. My other room overlooked the bus station and again was a little noisy but ok with ear plugs (a must in my travelbag!)	
Nov 5 2008 	Glad I gave it The Grosvenor a chance	My husband, 5 year old and I stayed at the hotel last weekend, 31st Oct, for two nights B&amp;B on a sightseeing trip to London. We had an Executive Room on the Grosvenor Wing which I believe is the very recently refurbished part of the hotel. I had almost changed hotels prior to arrival based on a lot of the unfavourable reviews but can honestly say that we had a great time. The corridors were very wide and the room larger than average with a king sized bed plus ample space for a proper sofa bed for my daughter. She chose to sleep with us which wasnt a problem in such a large bed so we had plenty of floor space too when we folded the sofabed back up. The bedding was very clean and fresh, we had an LCD televeision and a lovely bathroom with great Elemis toiletries. Our tea &amp; coffee making facilities were replenished twice a day, with mugs and sachets of Hot Chocolate in the evening - nice touch! The staff were all very friendly and helpful and made a great fuss of my daughter. We tended to return to the hotel early evening and stay in our room, tired after sightseeing, and were more than happy to spend a lot of time in our room. My husband and I both commented on how comfortable our bed was. The building is very old and there are many bedrooms and I can only comment on one of them but felt I needed to comment on my good experience after reading all the previous reviews. Breakfast was a busy affair however we only had to wait a few minutes for a table each morning and the food was of a good quality, setting us up for the day. The lobby area is stunning and the hotel is fantastic for the underground etc and also within walking distance of many attractions, we walked to Westminster/Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, Harrods, London Aquarium etc rather than have to travel on the stuffy tube.	
Nov 4 2008 	glad it was for one night only	we were lead to believe that this hotel was a 4*,i would give a 3* at a push,not one to complain, but the double room was smaller than our bathroom,the bathroom small and in need of updating,window closed with piece of string wedged between,,breakfast predicable,had to ask for tea/coffee and toast-Good points, bedding clean and fresh,good size t.v,next door to underground.Would i stay here again.NO,better 3* hotels in london	
Nov 2 2008 	The basic facts	I stay at this hotel a lot and out of the London hotels that are in my price range this is where I will always stay. I know which rooms I like and try to get put in these rooms.It is not a great 4 star hotel, but the following points need to be made.The communal areas and reception are very grand and well looked after.The staff are all very friendly and I have always found them very helpful.The breakfast buffet is good.The location is fantastic for tourists.There is plenty of places within walking distance to eat.Plenty of supermarkets and shops in the vicinity.Travel connections are fantastic.The station announcements MOSTLY stop at around 11pm and start at about 0730. They don't seem to bother me and aren't LOUD.You can only really hear these if you are on the rear facing rooms.The front facing rooms can suffer from traffic noise.Some of the rooms are small, but that is what you get in London hotel rooms.Some of the hotel rooms are in need of a refurb but are adequate.The bedding is clean and beds appear modern.You may be offered an upgrade. Take it if you want air conditioning, turn down service and a more modern room. But these annexed rooms can be a bit convoluted to get to requiring use of their own lift.Yes, better hotels are available, but there are also a whole lot worse out there.	
Nov 1 2008 	Maybe not worth 4 stars but perfect location	My husband and I stayed at the Grosvenor for 6 nights in late October. Although, I'm not sure it is worthy of a 4-star rating, it was completely adequate. Yes, the carpet was threadbare, the train announcements were audible and the bathroom decor was dated, but the beds were comfortable and warm and the room as a whole suited our purposes just fine. As for room size, it was indeed smaller than we are used to, but for me at least, a typically small London hotel room is part of the experience. If I wanted a North American style hotel room, I'd stay in North America.On the plus side, I must say that we couldn't ask for a better location. Several dining and shopping opportunities next door at the train station, as well as easy access to buses, taxi ranks, the Tube, Gatwick Express and other rail services. The coach station is only two blocks away. It was very easy to get around. Many tourist sites were just a few Tube stops away.Breakfast buffet at the hotel was good. A fair bit to choose from. Full English breakfast, plus fruit, breads, cereals and juice, however the choices were the same everyday. It would have been nice to have something new to choose from every once in a while.	
Oct 27 2008 	Perfect location great breakfast	After reading some of the reviews posted here, I was a little concerned about thie hotel, but upon arrival, I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised. I booked this hotel has part of a Gate 1 package, I have used them several times and have never been disappointed; this was no exception. We took the Gatwick Express to Victoria station, the hotel has an entrance right in the station. The lobby is beautiful, the rooms clean and comfortable and the breakfast excellent. I found the staff to be friendly and efficient, I will definitely stay at the Grosvenor on my next trip to London.	
Oct 24 2008 	Beautiful hotel perfect location nice staff BUT old room	If you are looking for a real English style hotel with perfect location, right next to Victoria Station, The Grosvenor is the place for you. However, considering the high room rate that we paid for, we expect much more.Our rooms is rather small and old. There is damp smell from the carpet and curtain. The window does not open well. The heater can be too warm at night even though we adjust at 22C. I wil have a second thought to recommend this hotel as I feel I can find a much better hotel in London at this rate.	
Oct 23 2008 	Central but old and dirty rooms	We visited the Grosvenor in the back of Victoria station.the hotel was booked from our travel agent and told us that is was a 4 star hotel.Well the Lobby is good the elevetors are so and so but when you enter the room you start thinking WHY this is rated at 4 stars...its surely not.The Room we got was on the 5th floor and the view was the teracce of Victoria station not impresive at all.The windows was old really old rusted dirty and open with great difficulty not to mention the thousants of finished cigarettes out of the window.The curtins smell smoke althought the room was non smoker and you would not moove them at all.The wall paper dirty and attempted to be cleaned from the staff resulted the damage in some places.Also the carpet had visible signs of cigarrete burns.the furniture old with high wear were did they got them from a bazar...!!! or second hand.The bathroom old style no windows.Have to say that is was the worst 4 star hotel I have even been in Europe.The breakfast was poor only eggs bacon and sometimes no glasses had to wait to drink milk one day 15 mins to get some new clean ones.Staff friendly but could not change the climate of the really bad hotel.The only advantage is that its very very close to the Metro and generally close to Bars restaurants,shops.Never again	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Staff tiny room!	We booked our stay through the lastminute.com website. It was a &quot;secret hotel&quot; so you don't know what you get till you pay for it. We have been very lucky with these before. Not this time. The staff and lobby were lovely, but our &quot;Executive Room&quot; was so tiny and run down it was shocking. We were told it would be a &quot;bigger&quot; room than others with a bigger bed and newly re-furubished. It did not appear to have any of these things. We were shown two other rooms to compare it too and they were all the same. Run down furniture and small rooms. We did get our complimentary water and bathrobes after asking for them. The staff were really helpful but they could not make the rooms any better.	
Oct 22 2008 	Value in Victoria!	It was with some trepidation that I found my office had booked me into the Grosvenor. Some of the other reviews were rather less than complimentary after all.I shouldn't have worried though.The entrance is as grand as any hotel I've ever stayed. Lovely traditional decor with period fixtures, a large staircase that sweeps away from the centre of the lobby and a beautifully frescoed high ceiling. Very smart indeed. The check-in was straightforward and the receptionist efficient and friendly. I was offered an upgraded room but at £80 for two nights, it was a little steep (especially as I spoke to someone later who had been offered the same for £40!)The grandiose theme ventured with me onto the floor of my room but, sadly, stayed outside my door. The room was absolutely tiny being the width of two single beds and only 1.5 times as long. Easily the smallest hotel room I've stayed in.However, after a moment to survey the scene, I realised things were not all that bad.There was an LCD TV, air-conditioning, trouser press, hair dryer, ceiling fan, phone, desk, small safe and free wifi internet access. As I was there for 3 days, the only thing I missed was a fridge.The shower room looked as though it had been recently freshened up but was still a little rough round the edges and the carpet leading up to it was threadbare. The shower itself was awesome and had enough force to beat you onto the floor into submission! The sink looked a bit old and the taps were, oddly, touching the wall - which made it very hard to turn them on and off. It was clean enough though - just a little tatty in places.Breakfast in the morning was fresh and plentiful - everything from cereal,croissants &amp; fruit to the full English. A selection of juices and some excellent strong coffee made it just right.The staff throughout the hotel were courteous and friendly and not one ever passed me without smiling or saying 'good morning'.So some negative issues - but largely outweighed by the positives.I'd have no worries if I had to stay again, that's for sure! Recommended.	
Oct 11 2008 	Grand Hotel Great Base For Weekend	Myself and husband stayed at hotel for two nights as we had booked to see musical Joseph which was fantastic.After reading reviews posted I was some what worried, however we had booked an executive room on the Grosvenor wing of the hotel and found the room to be really good.The room was large with a kingsize bed which was very comfy. The room was very clean and in great condition. The bathroom too was clean however there were a few 'dents' scuffs in the door frame and by the bath but other wise ok.when booking we were told would include robes and slippers these were not in room neither was mp3 docking station but we didnt complain.The view from the big double windows was not great, Victoria bus station but this is the centre of London. Breakfast was fine however on the sunday we had to que for awhile to get a table and again to get food as hotel was busy, staff handled it well.we would def stay again the reception area is very grand.	
Oct 8 2008 	Hmmmmm	This is one of those hotels, where it is a real shame the owners have not kept up with a refurb program. Let's face it anywhere you stay in London is an absolute rip off- but that is a fact of life. I paid £125 for a twin room here. When I checked in there were already people complaining which was a great start! After I booked a colleague warned my that they had seen a rat in the restaurant running along the floor on a previous stay- interesting I thought! Basically it is a grand building, in a great position but in dire need of updating. My room smelt of damp, the furnishings were very outdated and dirty and the bathroom was a right old mess. After my colleagues warning safe to say I did not eat in the hotel just in case!Quite frankly for one night its OK, just bearable- any more and I would have died of Damp Suffocation I think- £125 is too much to pay though for this tired hotel. For a few pounds more I have stayed at the 4 seasons on Park Lane!	
Oct 7 2008 	OK for a Business Stay	Booked late for a one night stay via the hotel web site for £150 for a deluxe double with breakfast . Room had good aircon and two single beds and a view on the sixth floor over the roof of Victoria station.Furnishings were fine and shower was powerful.Hotel restaurant is a branch of Chez Gerard but ate locally in a pizza pasta place. Breakfast was busy but adequate.Room was quiet and overall the hotel was great for an early morning start out of Victoria. Would stop again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Excellent Choice	I had booked this Hotel via Gate1Travel.com and had throughly enjoyed the experience. I was a little concerned in booking a hotel I had no idea about, but everything worked above my expectations! Thanks Gate1!	
Sep 22 2008 	Extremely shabby	My husband and I spent one night here on Sept 16. As other reviews have stated, the entrance is very nice. But the room was in terrible condition. The pictures offered by others as to the condition of the baths, carpets, wallpaper peeling, etc. are accurate. To say &quot;tired&quot; is being kind. The bill for one night, with no charges to the room, was nearly $500. The one positive thing that I can say is that the staff was extemely nice. AP in North Carolina	
Sep 22 2008 	Awful consider this your warning!!!!!!!!!	This is the worst hotel I have ever slept in (or should I say, failed to sleep in!). The corridors are disgusting, the elevators are just as frightening, and the quality of the rooms is unspeakable. My wife and I first encountered the elevator which had a smashed button leading to the ground floor and was not big enough for the both of us to travel to the fourth floor with baggage. The paint and curtains are old and look like they are from 19th century. Paint and wall paper peals everyplace and the carpet both in the room and corridor is an absolute disgrace. There was even a hole in the floor! The first room we received had no AC and no working fan and a bathroom that was molded and old, such that I needed shoes for the shower and bottled water to brush my teeth. After getting a room switch, I received a room equally as poor, only this time with a broken window, a fan that was so noisy I feared for my safety, and throw pillows that appeared to have vomit stains. Consider yourself warned. I will be presenting the photos to my travel agent. My trip of a lifetime was ruined!!	
Sep 18 2008 	Only if you have to...	I stayed at The Grosvenor for convenience as was my tour hotel and based on previous reviews on Tripadvisor I was not expecting much. I arrived at 7:00am and I knew would not be able to check-in until 2:00pm (hotel standard) - I could check in to an upgraded room at an additional cost.The first room before my tour was single standard and although room was in quiet part of hotel, bed was comfortable, had a safe &amp; shower modern, the room was in major need of upgrade - the bathroom and wardrobe looked like they were from the 70's and carpet was worn. On return to hotel after tour, had to request room change as bed went from one wall of room to window edge and I could not close the window &amp; blind and was not comfortable that people could look into room and also shower did not work. I requested another room &amp; was advised that could upgrade to newly renovated room (again at additional expense) - was changed to different room similar to first but facing major road. The main lobby &amp; bar/lounge are nice but do not give true overall reflection of hotel. The Concierge/s and Doormen are friendly and provide good service. The customer service of the reception staff could be improved.	
Sep 14 2008 	Great entrance shame about the rooms!	We booked this very last minute at got a great rate. The lobby area is impressive and initial impressions are good. However when checking in we were told we had booked a twin and now no doubles available unless we paid an upgrade. Not great service given we had booked a double. Nevertheless paid the upgrade and room was good but still very small. Nice big TV but our view was rubbish.	
Sep 10 2008 	Really 4*?	Overall an unremarkable stay for what is not an inconsiderable nightly rate. When compared to other central 4* hotels in London (The Russell being one) the Grosvenor barely scrapes into the 4* category. Its by no means terrible and the bar, checking in/ out experience is very good/ nice, but certainly my room was pokey for the money paid. The double room I had was the size of a normal single, there was considerable noise from the street outside and the bathroom tiles were not as clean as they could be and there were many cracked tiles. Overall, unmemorable.	
Sep 4 2008 	Location aside the hotel has little to offer	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Thistle Grosvenor for business. Please don't be fooled by the lavish lobby - the rest of the hotel is a big letdown. The first room that i was shown to was on the 5th floor overlooking Buckingham Palace Road - there were no curtains on the window and there was no way that i would have been able to sleep with the amount of light coming through the window. I was then moved to a room on the 6th floor which was better (marginally) but was not very clean - i showered without my lenses to avoid looking at the tiles.Breakfast was ok with an average selection on offer - the one plus was the coffee which was very good.	
Sep 1 2008 	huge disappointment	I booked this hotel for a three night stay with my Mum in late August. Having flown 24 hours from NZ, I was delighted to be able to check in at 08.30. However the tiny room, tired fixtures, grubby bathroom, were not what I expected. I had booked an executive room in the hope this would give us a bit more space but I had to return to reception to double check. I was told it was one of the larger rooms but I couldn't see how you could get one any smaller. One towel each, one-ply toilet paper, one tiny bar of soap, the towel hook hanging off the door. Breakfast was a farce - long queues at the buffet and guests circling like hawks waiting for the waiters to bring out more bacon etc. Not relaxing.The staff were young, but polite and helpful, and the central location great, but for a four star hotel, the Grosvenor is extremely disappointing and in real need of a renovation.	
Sep 1 2008	Huge disappointment with the Grosvenor	I jumped on the chance to book a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel located 400m from Buckingham Palace, but the room I received via lastminute.com was a &quot;standard&quot; room--meaning no air conditioning (other rooms had this), no internet connection in room (which was advertised), and shoddy accomodations (stained/ripped carpet, very dated room, no sheets--only duvet-covered comforters, no fridge or iron in room, etc). I paid 107 pd for one night, and although I would not be able to match the price around this location, I was surprised the Grosvenor would put their name on such a room.If you do have the misfortune of finding yourself in a similar situation, immediately ask reception if you can have an air-conditioned room (the receptionist said next morning this would have made a difference). They give you about an hour of hotel wifi service then hit you with the need to pay (6 pd for 90 minutes?!?). Pay attention to what amenities are advertised, and hold them to it!!	
Aug 28 2008	Ugliest hotel ever	I've booked this hotel online and got a special rate for a long weekend (3 nights in a double). When we checked in we were given a run down smoking room. It smelled of smoke and the room was dirty - there were hairs in the sink, the bathroom was a mess. Than we insisted to get another room, but the front desk agent said, he couldn't offer another double room as the hotel was sold out and gave us two single rooms instead. Which sounded great at first, but when we entered the rooms, only the bed sheets were clean but the floor was dusty ,the carpet was worn down and the bathroom was still disgustful. I would never recommend to stay in this hotel. Maybe it was our bad luck, that we had booked a special offer and they gave us the worst rooms they had. I would never stay in this hotel again. Just see the pictures and get yourself an idea of the place.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Disappointment	Only a one night stay, but without doubt the most money we have spent on the poorest room we have stayed in. Spacious room, good bed. Threadbare carpet, grubby wallpaper. Whilst this was just about acceptable, the state of the bathroom was a disgrace. Cracked floor tiles, badly cracked washbasin, cracked window which couldn't be opened, rusty shower rail, dirty or missing grouting around bath. The quality at Travelodges is far superior to this expensive hotel. On our return we complained to the management who agreed with our findings and responded with platitudes and an offer of an upgrade to an executive room for our next booking. Would we really want to spend our money there again? We think not! Why is it necessary for the customer to bring shortcomings to the notice of the hotel management and not get it right first time!	
Aug 24 2008 	Just absolutely Lovely..	I will keep this short and sweet. I read lots of the reviews on here and was a bit worried but booked mainly due to location to the train station.We checked August 12th for 3 nights. We walked into the Hotel and thought it was beautiful decorated and clean. Staff were helpful and friendly. We ended up with a buffet breakfast included which we didn't anticipate.The buffet was fantastic with Fried Eggs, Sausages, Bacon, Hashbrowns, pastries, cheeses, fruit, yogurt, granola, fresh fruit juice etc etc etc. We enjoyed each morning the service and the food at the breakfast.The room was small but expected such for an old hotel. We had a room right outside of the train station side and didn't experience any problems with noise. We asked for some extra coffee in our room from the cleaners and I think they left us 6! Way more than anticipated. Beds were comfortable and the staff were great.Really - NOTHING wrong with this hotel - it was busy in the mornings sometimes when people were checking out but it was fantastic and I would stay again immediately if I was traveling to London again. Across the street there is a great little pub for dinner called the Shakespeare and we even walked down to Buckingham Palace one day. FANTASTIC.	
Aug 23 2008 	Mostly positive	From a Detroit-area couple:Having read many reviews of tiny hotel rooms in London, we were pleasantly surprised by our Standard Double that was big enough to accommodate a good sized, comfortable double bed, two night stands beside it, a full sized desk, a wardrobe closet with shelves, a bathroom with a vanity around the sink. All this in a centrally located hotel for about $172 per night, including tax, through Expedia, during high travel season.Other points:-- It was clean.-- It had a new widescreen TV.-- We were on the 4th floor, but there are two hotel elevators of decent size, so no problem there.-- The hotel help was all very helpful. The concierge arranged immediately for an extension cord I needed.-- The front desk arranged immediately for a refrigerator when I showed them a printout of my Expedia info saying there would be one.-- The maintenance man came within 10 minutes to deal with getting the window to open wider and stay open -- necessary because a) there is NO A/C, and b) the room smelled like inconsiderate previous customers had smoked in this non-smoking room.-- The maids made up the room daily, a little inconsistently as far as what complimentary coffee, cookies, and washcloths you would or wouldn't get from day to day.-- The location is excellent, right next to Tube, National Rail, and Buses, and in walking distance of Buckingham Palace and other nearby sights.-- Yes, the carpet is threadbare and the room looks old; not &quot;American&quot; new by any means, but I don't expect that in Europe.-- Overall, because the price was decent for a good location in a big city and the room was comfortable and clean, we would go back there.	
Aug 4 2008 	Home away from home at the Grosvenor	We were a little nervous about this hotel based on some of the previous reviews as we were booked to stay 10 nights at The Grosvenor. Happily, we can report that our experience was excellent. We arrived in London in the morning and were told our room would be ready in 2 hours. We left our luggage with the competent concierge and took off to explore. Our room was lovely. A large bed (bigger than a U.S. queen-size) and a twin for my son. I was happy to see a real bed and not a pull-out sofa for my son. The bathroom was not large, but totally adequate, with wonderful water pressure in the shower. Our room was in the wing area, had the mini refrigerator for medications (we requested ahead of time) a safe in the room and had a/c. I utilized the complementary health club facility with L.A. Fitness down the block. But the best part was the location. We took a train directly from the airport to the hotel - what a convenience. And then we were walking distance to all the sights London has to offer. Primo location!We found the service to be very pleasant and helpful. We had some special needs that were taken care of with no problems at all. Breakfast was lovely, and served from 6:30 until 10:30, so there was no need to rush out as we became accustomed to the time difference. We knew not to expect The Ritz, and if that is your expectation you will be disappointed. Otherwise you'll enjoy your stay at The Grosvenor Hotel. We sure did.	
Aug 4 2008	Don't go there if it is not necessary	This March I stayed at Grosvenor for a four nights. I was in London as a tour leader of a small tourist group. The location of the hotel is very good. It is just abow Victoria train and underground station. If you enter UK at Getwick Airport, you have Getwick Express direct to the hotel. You are also well conected (by bus and underground) with the other parts of London. Couple of supermarkets and fast food restaurants are at the station. Japanese fast food Washabi is my favourite and you can finde it all around London. There are couple of pubs around the station.Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Tate Britain and Buckingham Palace are in the walking distance.Lobby of the hotel is large and let's say impresive.The reception desk staff is totaly incompetent. I had four members family in the group who got the family room with three beds. We asked for the forth. We kept on asking every evening after long day sightseeing. They got it on the third night. Nice words, begging, yelling – nothing helped! I got the tiny, tired room overlooking train station roof. I could hear annoncements during the evening and in the morning. The bathroom was old too. But, everithing was clean.English breakfast was good with good choice.I don't think I'm going to return to this hotel.	
Jul 29 2008	Grosvenor Hotel	Arrived on July 10 was happy to know that my room would be available within 2hrs. I had arrived about 8:30. Gave me time to do a walkabout and get my full English breakfast at my favorite little cafe (Porky's).The location of the Grosvenor is a great central location. The Victoria underground is in the same block and Buckingham Palace is really within walking distance. There are nearby restaurants and theatres. It is on the bus route that stops right in front of the hotel. The rooms are European in size but very comfortable. London is non-smoking, so it took getting use to grabbing the last smoke before bedtime and smoking after the cup of tea for breakfast instead of during breakfast.Because this was my birthday present, I wanted as much as possible prepaid. I would normally not include breakfast, but I was glad I did this time. The food was plentiful and quite tasty. The service was at the moment and pleasant.This is probably my 4th Grosvenor visit and have enjoyed all my stays.	
Jul 26 2008	Good enough	I stayed at The Grosvenor while on a Trafalgar tour. The hotel is very conveniently located right next to Victoria station, and you can actually enter the hotel through the station (though at nights, the entrance is closed).The rooms are very basic, and there is more than enough room for two people, two large suitcases and other bags.Breakfast is okay. It is an extra £8 to &quot;upgrade&quot; from a cold breakfast to a hot breakfast. I would recommend just heading out to Victoria station for breakfast.	
Jul 23 2008 	OK for a short business stay	An imposing entrance to this centrally located hotel, close to Victoria railway, tube and bus stations. I have no complaints about my (twin) room which was located in the wing on the 5th floor. It wasn't the largest in the world but for the price and location quite reasonable. The sound proofing, while not perfect, did limit a lot of the noise from the busy roads outside and the local loud speaker announcements don't seem to start until 7am. Breakfast was rather a basic affair and expensive, but that's London for you. I thought the staff completely on the ball and pleasant with it.	
Jul 20 2008 	Mutton dressed as lamb	Stayed here on business and this has to be the worst hotel I have stayed in London at this price. Reception and downstairs public areas are rather grand but other than that standards are well below what you would expect for the price. Had to swap rooms because there was no handle on bahrooom windon which swung back and forth in the wind. Second room was better but barely adequate in terms of space, cleanliness and condition. The reception said it had been refurbished but that must have been in the 1970's! Ordered rorm service pizza as restaurant was full and received cheapest pre-packed pizza imaginable. They had run out of caeser salad which suggests that nothing is made fresh!Breakfast was busy but the quality of the food poor with clearly cheapest ingredients used.The hotel was full of foreign tourists, many American, who were getting ripped off and I heard a number complaining at the poor standards. I am pretty sure no-one pays the rack rate of £260-£280 and frankly I would'nt stay there again at any price. Overall, a barely adequate 2 star masquerading at 5 star prices.	
Jul 17 2008 	This place is an embarrassment	I spent six dreadful nights at the Grosvenor Hotel recently. At first glance the hotel appears quite nice. The lobby is bright and clean. There's a grand piano in the center beneath a giant chandelier, a wide marble staircase, and a doorman outfitted in top hat and tails. Luxurious, right? Sadly, no. This is mere window dressing. Get beyond the ground floor and you realize that the Grosvenor is a tired, old, broken-down hotel that’s in dire need of cleaning and restoration. Considering what they charge per night, the room was an embarrassment. Dirty, dusty, hasn’t seen a coat of paint in decades, and so small that the door barely cleared the edge of the bed when opened. Not a big deal, you say. You can live with a small room. What about cleanliness? If you look close enough in any hotel I’m sure you can find all manner of unpleasantries--bugs, hairs, fingernails, stains, etc. It didn’t take close inspection or a magnifying glass to find them here--they were blatant. I’m talking long hairs on the pillows and multiple stains on the underside of the bedspread. The bathroom wasn’t much better--dank, moldy and dimly lit. The room and the apathetic staff (yes, they’re as listless as the drab hallways and guest rooms) aside, I will say that the location is convenient. It’s adjacent to Victoria Station and actually has a side entrance that takes you directly into the station. Also, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, even Trafalgar Square are an easy walk from the hotel. So if location is your priority..and you don’t mind being overcharged for a cramped, contaminated room..then go for it. Otherwise, I say take a pass on this place. There have got to be better values elsewhere in the city.	
Jul 11 2008 	Stayed in a shoe box	I should have known things weren't going well when the bellhop couldn't find my room when I was checking in - we were wandering down tiny corriders and passing into other wings - very bizarre.When I finally got to the room and was shwon in i was dumbfounded. I have never seen such a small room in my life - and this was at least $200 a night. It was 'ell&quot; shaped with the a very large (the bathroom was nice enough) bath to the right and then at the end of the ell was my single bed. I had less than a foot of space on either side of the bed, so I really had to crawl up the bed from the foot. And adding to all this charm was the one window I had looked out onto another wall.The attendant who brought my room service sort of hung around and caught a few minutes of the Simpsons before he walked out.The lobby itself was just what I would have expected in a London hotel and I was impressed with that and the location to Victoria Station couldn't be beat - I had a lot of luggage and was taking the Orient Express on to Southampton for a crossing. Maybe the room would have been nicer if I wasn't a single traveler, who knows?	
Jul 10 2008 	big room nice service	We stayed 7 nights at the Grosvenor in june/july 2008. We are two adults and a child. After reading other reviews we were pepared for anything, but we were plasently surprised, the room was big ,clean and everything in it worked, lownoise aircondition, flatscreen tv and a very nice maid who kept the room tidy each day.It wasnt a newly renovated room, there were small sign af it needing renovation but overall it was nice. The service was exelent and the breakfeast was very good. We have stayed worse at hotels that charged more so next time we go to London we will be choising the Grosvenor again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Don't get a single	The entrance to the hotel is very nice, the location to the underground is great, the single rooms leave a bit to be desired. AC? said they had it, couldn't see it, got a bad clicking ceiling fan that was rotating the wrong way for cooling. almost wanted to do maintenance on the room. luckily wasn't in the room enough to care. Severely overpriced for what is offered.	
Jun 15 2008 	Lucky room move.	When I first checked in, I was offered an upgrade for 20 pounds to a room with air conditioning. Since I was staying for a week, I accepted. I was first given a room similar to what has been previously described - small, overlooking the buses. The promised air didn't work. When I called, they moved me to an absolutely wonderful room - spacious with functioning air conditioning. Whether I would have qualified for this room for the rate I paid is going to be an unresolved question, but for the room I ended up with, I had a wonderful stay. The hotel is well located with easy access to Victoria station and the underground, providing access to London and environs. I was probably lucky, but it made the stay very enjoyable.	
Jun 9 2008 	Good hotel bad room	The hotel is fine and the location great. The bar is fantastically amtospheric and breakfast good. The only downside is the rooms I have been given here (admittedly on the cheaper tariff)are absolutely tiny, very hot and noisy dependent on the location. Worth a visit but invest in a larger room away from the bus station.	
Jun 3 2008 	Stayed 3 time with work. If i have to stay again i shall resign first	Stayed at the Thistle 3 times in the past 6 months. December 2007, March 2008 and June 2008. The first time, room was adequate if not dated. In March i had to change rooms twice, as the first room was like a freezer, heating was broke and wallpaper was peeling off the walls. I complained and was given a room which had obviously just be redecorated. Adequate if you like walls with white emulsion paint. I then stayed for 1 night on buisness last night. The room was the size of a broom cupboard, wallpaper was stained and sink in bathroom cracked. All in all, rooms are awful.Plus side, the foyer of the hotel looks good and breakfast is served in Chez Gerard, which is pleasant. Nice choice of breakfast too, hot or cold.Staff are OK, friendly enough.Also beware of being given a wing room, they aren't very good and they are awkward to get to.Book elsewhere, sure you can get better.	
Jun 2 2008 	Very run down but good location	Stayed at this hotel for one night with my daughter to see Wicked. (Can thoroughly recommend the show!) The situation of the hotel was perfect for a one night stay. Lots of restaurants near by and tube and theatre within easy walking distance. We paid £163 for a twin bedded room including breakfast. The entrance to the hotel is very nice and I thought we had made a good choice until I got to the room. It was right in a back corner on the 5th floor overlooking a concrete roof. Room was a good size but very shabby, paper marked and carpet stained. Bathroom was old and needed refitting. No mini bar or safe although the latter was mentioned in the hotel info leaflet. We had to open the window as no airconditioning and it would not open very far. We also had to listen to train announcements all night. Breakfast was average. Glad I wasnt paying extra for it. Staff were friendly. Because we were only staying for one night I didnt ask for a change of room but would have had we been staying longer.	
May 11 2008 	A little above average	My wife and I booked a package through a travel agency, so I cannot give an accurate value to the room.But, the hotel is very nice - lobby is gorgeous. The rooms are average. Ask for an updated room. We were put in one room that had a radiator for heat, that was difficult to control, and the bathroom was very outdated. The room was clean, but there is a lot of wear and tear.After the first night, they moved us to a newer room that had a thermostat. Unfortunately, there was a rattling noise in the vent all night, which was not easy to sleep with. But the room was nicer. Bathroom was nicer. You can tell everything is very old - a paint job in the hallways and rooms would do this hotel wonders. It looks older than it really should. Some other updates in the bathroom would be nice too but not completely necessary.Televisions in the room were nice flat screen. Funny they updated the tv but not much else.Location is great. We are walkers and could walk to nearly everything in the City that we wanted to see. I am sure there are closer hotels to certain tourist destinations, but if you get a good price, know that you are very close to everything and you won't be disappointed unless you have very high expectations.Hotel ownership - please update the rooms just a little.	
May 5 2008	hot and noisy	booked as part of deal to see tutankhamun exhibition - couldn't get tickets any other way. Grand entrance being refurbished. Room very scruffy and unbearably hot - had to keep window open and hear all train announcements. Breakfast very good. Has been a good hotel in its day but rooms now really sad.	
Apr 22 2008 	Don't get a single room!	Stayed here with work recently and while I agree with some of the views here (great brekfast, link to Virgin Active gym at Victoria good, great for Westminster meetings and Hyde park, faded grandeur in need of touch up) I'd warn against getting a single room, very small indeed - bathroom was bigger than room. Also very hot so had to open window, which meant listened to the train announcements in the station into the early hours!	
Apr 22 2008 	Check your booking carefully	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We were meeting friends who had already booked their rooms. We didn't get the same rate as our friends but our room was slightly larger. When we checked in we confirmed breakfast was included in our price and were given details of times etc. On the first morning there was no problem and we joined our friends at their table. On the next morning our friends had already checked out and we were doing so after breakfast, only to be told at the restaurant entrance that our breakfast was not included in our price and we would have to pay a further £15 each! We refused, they said they checked with Reception and we would have to pay extra. As we were checking out I angrily told reception that I was very unhappy and they told us our room rate DID include breakfast but when I then asked why they had told the restaurant staff the opposite they changed their minds again!I would not return to this hotel for obvious reasons and I would suggest that other travellers should be wary of charges. The room was not worth the rate we paid, especially when breakfast was not included.	
Apr 18 2008	Watching the Double Deckers Pass By	I stayed at this hotel in the summer of 2007 on my senior trip. My room was on one of the upper floors and the view was great. I felt like i had a good view of central London. I enjoyed just watching the doubledecker busus shuffle in and out of their station and peoplewatching. The hotel is attached to Victoria Station and the Underground, making for easy access to the rest of the city. The rooms were avrerage but not bad. All in all i had a good experience.	
Apr 8 2008 	Not very impressed	I was booked into this hotel through work (for 4 nights) and was delighted that it was within walking distance to the office and in such a good shopping area. The hotel leads off from Victoria station and the location is very good. I rang before I stayed and asked for a quiet room - the staff were helpful and check in was fine. However.....these were the best things about the hotel and I checked out after one night.The sheets on the bed were mostly white but had patches of dirt on them which I didn't much like. The bathroom was very old fashioned and in need of repair and the door frame was filthy - really mucky. To top it all it smelt of stale cigarette smoke. Breakfast was OK but not outstanding. Having said all that the bed was very comfortable.If you aren't too bothered about your surroundings and don't mind a level of grubbiness then the location might make up for the short-comings but I really wasn't impressed.	
Apr 6 2008 	Could be stunning; currently not!	Have stayed many times at the Thistle Victoria (as was - now been sold by Thistle and reverted back to its original name of The Grosvenor). My experiences ought to be judged in the context of usually booking at the last minute having missed the last train! However, they are nevertheless very mixed... but I like it enough to keep going back!Bad points:-- The sizes of the rooms I have stayed in are incredibly variable: from the tiniest single room (in what would have been the servants' rooms on the top floor of this old railway hotel) - to a very grand and spacious double which, presumably, would have been stayed in by whoever was employing the servants! The quality of the rooms is also very variable. Note that there are two distinct parts to the hotel - the original, grand, building running along Buckingham Palace Road; and the newer (although still old) &quot;Wing&quot; sandwiched between the railway and bus stations. In my experience, the Wing rooms are in a better state of repair although have less original charm.- The point about the inconsistency of rooms is that it's not reflected in the pricing. I have been asked to pay £250 for a room not much bigger than a single bed (although refused to pay once I'd seen it); and yet have paid less than £70 for a much bigger double. All I can suggest is that you contact the hotel direct when booking to get a detailed description of your room, to try to find out what you're paying for.- The state of repair of some rooms, particularly bathrooms, is atrocious. On the last stay, the bathroom (about 2 metres square, by the way!) was falling apart - cracked wall and floor tiles, leaking toilet, 1970s/80s vanity units looking long past their sell-by date.- In my experience so far, there is no air conditioning, which makes the rooms stifling unless you use the very noisy ceiling fans.- The beds and linen are long past their best and the windows are filthy. The whole place is crying out for investment.- The wifi (BT Openzone) is very unreliable.- If you're a light sleeper, you will probably be troubled by the lack of double glazing to shield out the sound of departure announcements at Victoria station below (or of the road noise if you're on the other side of the hotel).Good points:-- The public rooms are stunning, really reminiscient of the bygone age of Victorian railway hotels.- Generally the staff have been very efficient, polite and helpful, if a little clueless in the Chez Gerard concession which acts as the main hotel restaurant (but charming nevertheless).- The location is superb, with an entrance directly on to the concourse of Victoria station.- The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed.- If you like your hotels a bit rustic, with lots of charm, then this provides a much more interesting alternative than so many of the modern plastic alternatives.Again, though, would just suggest that you do your research with the hotel direct, to check what you're getting, before paying too much.	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfectly satisfactory stay	My sis and I stayed at this Hotel, now called the Grosvenor last weekend for two nights. We booked a twin room, but were offered single rooms next door to each other ( better, cos she snores!) for the same price. The rooms were a little bit on the shabby side, but quite adequate,and clean, good flat screen tele, and massive water pressure on the shower gauranteed to wake you up. Comfy queen sized bed, iron, hairdryer and the standard trouser press. What else could you need for a weekend of girly shopping ( OK so there was no mini bar!). We did not get a robe or hot chocolate and marshmallows like some other reviewers, I don't know whether we were on a cheaper deal- £99 per night for both of us? Breakfast was included in the price and all you could eat and good quality. We think they have refurbished some of the hotel but not the part we were in.Location was spot on for accessing tube and all main attractions, M&amp;S Simply Food, Chemist and WHSmith literally next door at Victoria Station for essentials until midnight .Would reccomend for good value offwering all essentials, rather than a luxury stay.	
Mar 20 2008 	Don't stay here it's a dump and poor value for money	The entrance is misleading, as the main reception area appears to be ok, but the hotel decor becomes very tatty and shabby as you go up the floors. Scruffy furniture, grubby curtains, carpets with holes in and a bathroom style and suite that must be 30 years old at least. Window didnt shut properly. Bed was ok with a decent pillow, but that's the only thing going for it	
Mar 18 2008 	Fantastic!	Like the previous reviewer, we nearly changed hotels after reading some of the reviews of the Grosvenor (previously known as Thistle Victoria). I'm so glad we didn't! The hotel was by far the best I've ever stayed in. We had a deluxe double room on the 2nd floor and it was perfect. We had robes and slippers, flat screen TV, mini-bar, safety deposit box, heated towel rail in the bathroom and the staff delivered hot chocolate and marshmallows to the room while we were out. What more could anyone want! The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. The hotel is perfectly located next to Victoria train station. We will definitely be returning to this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 17 2008 	Wonderful Stay	I was really worried about this hotel after reading all the bad reviews on this website and almost changed hotels - i am so glad i didn't. This hotel was splendid - the lobby was amazing and the reception staff pleasant and helpful. I was pleasantly surprised when we got to our room. It was a Deluxe room (351) on the 3rd floor - small but everything you need for a nights stay - comfy bed and dressing gown and slippers. The housekeeping was brilliant - we came back from our night out and the towels we had used earlier in the evening had been replaced, the bed had been turned down and we had two sachets of hot chocolate with marshmallows waiting for us which i thought was a very nice touch. Breakfast was also nice. This hotel is ideally located if you are wanting to get out and about as it is right next to Victoria Station. I will certainly stay at this hotel again and would recommend it.	
Mar 12 2008 	Faded grandeur!	The reception areas and restuarant at this hotel are wonderfully victorian and well kept, the staff are very pleasant. However the bedroom I was allocated was a standard twin room which was definately not at the standard you would expect of a 4 star hotel. The furniture was chipped with pieces of wooden trim broken off, the carpet was threadbare, the curtains were hanging off the rail at one side and the bathroom was very dated with an unusal aroma! I can only presume that some of the other bedrooms must be like this and if that is the case the rooms are long overdue a refurb!	
Mar 11 2008	Good value grand hotel with character.	We were very pleased with this hotel. Our room was large and nicely furnished and very clean. The staff were very helpful and location excellent for buses, tube, trains etc.I would reccommend making your own arrangements for breakfast (the hotel is v. expensive). If you walk down Wilton Road you'll find some good cafes for breakfast and an excellent fish and chip restaurant (Sea Fresh).No it's not perfect and needs a little minor re-decoration in places, but when I'm paying as little as £80 for a huge room in central London I'm not complaining. If you want perfection, pay double somewhere else or book into a soulness 21st century hotel, rather than this 19th century edifice.	
Mar 8 2008	Nice Hotel Needs Some Decoration	I booked this hotel at the last minute as I couldn't stand the hotel I was staying in at the time. For GBP89 I now had a centrally located hotel which was &quot;next to Victoria Station&quot;. It even has an entrance backing on to the station. I don't think there's a health club but to find a hotel in this location for less than GBP100 is a bonus.The only down side to this hotel was the state of the rooms; they're in much need of decoration.By the way, this hotel is now called the Grosvenor.	
Mar 4 2008 	Know what you're getting	Two great things about this hotel-- the location and the Victorian era lobby, which is stunning. The location is really near a lot of things-- great for walking places and perfect for buying a ticket on the hop-on/hop-off buses, which have stops right out side the front door. Lots of restaurants, lots of cheap food, some theaters nearby. You're in the heart of London.But the reason the lobby looks so authentic is this hotel dates to Victorian times. If you ask for a single, you get a single bed in a tiny 3rd floor room that used to house a maid or a footman travelling with a well-to-do lady or gentleman. My room was clean but I could not walk in it. I had to move the TV to open the wardrobe (no closet) and I had to move the desk chair to watch TV.Luckily, I didn't go to London to sit in my hotel room, so I was fine with it. But do print out and bring your booking confirmation, because they had no idea of the rate I had booked for through a website.	
Feb 24 2008 	Past its prime	We booked through British Air. My husband got very sick on the plane and was ill throughout our visit, so we were very glad to be at Victoria Station with easy access to the pharmacy and even a walk-in doctor's office, both of which we visited several times. The hotel is very, very old and although we found it clean enough, there is a certain unpleasant smell to it that just comes with its age. We looked at the family room, but upgraded to a suite, mainly because we could let my husband and his illness be confined to one room and still let my daughter and me be comfortable. It was ok, but we wouldn't stay there again and would not recommend it. The staff was helpful and nice, but the place needs a major renovation. And the breakfast was not worth the price at all. We didn't like any of the British food, and ate only cereal, so a total waste of money. Would rather have gone out to the station and gotten fast food.	
Feb 24 2008 	No choice but to upgrade	I just arrived home from a seven night stay at the Grosvenor and I am still upset. I had previously stayed there two years ago and was quite pleased. When I checked in this time I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to an &quot;executive room&quot; for 20 pounds a night. As I had already paid quite a bit for my room, of course I said no. I was given my room and was appalled when I opened the door. The room was dingy and dark, there were actually some cobwebs on the walls. I asked to see some other rooms and they were basically the same (dingy and run down). Then I then asked to see an upgraded room. It was very nice, remodeled and bright, with complementry robes, and mineral water. The contrast with a &quot;standard room&quot; was amazing. I asked to see the room we had stayed in two years previously, low and behold, this was now an upgraded room. It had not been re-painted or re-carpeted, the only difference was new linens, the robes and mineral water ( which was not even given every day, until I complained) . I asked to speak to the manager, she was not helpful at all. She was not willing to listen or compromise about anything. I would have given her the robes, mineral water and new linens if I could have stayed the the room we had before for the money I had already paid. She wouldn't even listen, either I paid the 20 pounds a night or stay in a &quot;standard room&quot; for which I had already paid. Remember I was stuck, I had already pre-paid the room and was staying for seven nights. My daughter and I could not face a dingy and dark room for that amount of time so I had to upgrade at a total cost of $281. This is extremely disappointing to me. We saved for and planned this vacation for a long time and I booked the room months ago. I feel the rooms are misrepresented, if you go to any travel site, the pictures they show of this hotel are not of the typical &quot;standard rooms&quot;. I don't think many people would book a room if they showed what a real &quot;standard room&quot; looked like.They are upgrading some rooms but letting the rest go and still charging high prices. The hotel is in a fantastic location, very historical. They serve a great breakfast and most of the staff is most helpful and willing to please. Too bad the same can't be said of the the management.	
Feb 23 2008 	A terrible stay	Date: Feb 17, 2008Reviewer: AC, Hong Kong I and my daughter stayed at the Thistle Victoria for one night on Saturday 17th February 2008 on our return from Venice. The room was reserved and paid 3 weeks ago. It changed its name to Grosvenor 2 weeks ago and we were not informed before our departure. We searched the hotel with luggages like mad. If I had not been to that hotel before, I would never know where to find it and asked. Upon check in, we were offered two single rooms instead of a double room because the hotel was full. I was surprised to find no room was reserved for us with prepaid voucher. The excuse was that their system went wrong. Upon my refusal of letting my young daughter stay in a single room, they finally offered a double room on the wing building for us.The room is on a smoking floor. We went to the room and was immediately shocked by both the smell and the condition. The overall condition of the room could only be described as terrible. Wall papers all torn, dirty carpet, greyish curtains (meant to be white), stained walls, cracked sink and broken tiles. Worst the smell was unbearable. I requested for a room change. We were attended by a guest experience and was offered a drink at the bar as a compensation. I was told the hotel was full, there was nothing she could do, no change could be arranged. I was furious. The room charge I prepaid was for a nice double room on the main building. Finally after a whole hour's fight, we were offered another room on the same smoking floor. The room was even smaller but luckily no smell, less torn wall paper, same greyish curtain and cold air was coming through the window frame. The TV was put on the dressing table blocking 2/3 of the mirror. We were too tired to fight. Afterall it was just a night's stay. The sunken mattress made my back ached and we could hear announcement from the raiway station all night through. The breakfast was also a mess with long queue for going in and getting the food.The room was the worst that I have ever stayed. The way they handled my complaint was a bad experience. We should deserve a decent and clean room to rest for the money I paid. I will never return to this hotel, too disappointed.	
Feb 23 2008 	Poor value for money	I stayed in the hotel in de middle of February 2008 for business. Positive remarks: Impressive exterior and entrance. Very friendly staff. Well located. The bed was OK. That is where the positive remarks end. Negative remarks: I stayed in a room on the seventh floor. The room had stained wall paper coming of the walls. The furniture was old and damaged. The curtains were extremely dirty. The bathroom was very small and had no air circulation, which has led to a lot of mould (even on the surface of the tiles) and a terrible smell. The glasses in the bathroom were dirty as well. The drain of the shower/bath was not functioning and water was staying in the bath while showering (20-30 cm).I travel a lot for business and stayed in many hotels all around the globe in the major cities. Outside a hotel in a war zone, I have never had so little value for money. I had to pay the equivalent of 315 Euro per night, breakfast excluded. The reservation was made 5-6 weeks in advance and can´t be considered as a last minute booking. For 315 Euro I expect a more modern and clean room.	
Feb 20 2008 	Appalling!	I stayed at the Thistle Victoria for one night (hopefully my last ever) on Tuesday 19th February 2008. Two work colleagues also stayed at the same hotel. We were charged a VAT inclusive rate of almost £200.00 for bed and breakfastUpon arriving just after 10.00pm, my booking was dealt with efficiently and politely and I was allocated a room on the 4th floor.I made an enquiry as to the last-order time for the restaurant and we were told 10:45pm. I then went to my room and was immediately shocked by both the size and condition. The overall condition of the room can only be described as 'tatty' and worn. The carpet was threadbare in a number of places and the walls were stained. There was a hole surrounding a light fitting above the bed through which the electrical wiring could be seen. Worse was to come when I looked into the bathroom. The floor tiles were cracked, the ceiling was covered in mould and stains and the toliet cistern was cracked where it met the wall. Plumbing in the bathroom was dirty and covered in cobwebs.I quickly left the room, joined my colleague and went for dinner. It was now 10:40pm and we were eventually told that the restaurant was closed and we would have to eat in the bar/brasserie. We sat down and ordered from the bar menu and a few minutes lates, my third work colleague telephoned me to ask where the hotel was as he was wandering around the area looking for the Thistle Victoria. I had to explain that it was now called the Grosvenor . I then tried to order a meal for my colleague but was told that the kitchen was now closed (approx 10:50pm).My meal - a burger and chips was edible (at a cost of £17.95).After finishing our meal, we joined our colleague in the bar area which was again dated and somewhat dark.Shortly later, I retired to my room. Upon waking the next morning, I attempted to have a shower but the water was at a very low pressure. The restaurant area was so crowded with a large queue forming that I forgo my breakfast and checked out of the hotel. I had in fact been booked to stay for a number of nights but I cancelled this booking.I can only describe my room as the worse I have ever stayed in. I could not recommend this hotel to anyone other than people I don't like! I will never venture back into that establishment until it has had a complete refurbishment.	
Feb 19 2008 	Very nice stay ~ and a great deal!	A couple of months go, I got a little money I wasn't expecting and decided to treat myself to a long weekend trip to London. I looked at Expedia packages and Virgin Vacations ~ ended up going with Virgin because they seemed to have better hotels for less (the price differential with virtually the same flight and the same hotel was about $1000). I was a little nervous because of a few of the reviews, but went anyway. After all, I'm not in the room that much when I'm traveling!So anyway, I got in about 9:30 or so and went in. I knew that the name had changed to The Grosvenor, but asked just to be sure. The gentleman who talked with me was very nice and showed me right over to reception where I was informed that my room was available. Yay! I was offered the chance to upgrade to a Twin rather than a Single, but at 30 pounds per night (I was smart and asked what the upcharge would be...it didn't sound like a &quot;We're upgrading you free&quot; offer.) I decided to stay with what I had. That was like 3 times to see my favorite off-Broadway show! I got up to my room ~ 205 in the Grosvenor Wing and found it charming. Yes, it was a little small, but I live in New York, so it wasn't that bad. Everything was clean and nice. I was over the station which made me a little nervous having heard about the noise ~ but I discovered that either I sleep very hard or the curtains have some soundproofing because I didn't hear any announcements or anything until I was up and had opened the curtains.Breakfast was included in my package, and it was lovely ~ a nice buffet along with toast and tea or coffee. A very good start to each day.The only minor thing was the last morning I was there I woke up early to use the bathroom and smelled something ~ like mildewey or like if a mouse has died and been there for a couple of days. It wasn't strong, but I noticed it. I looked around and didn't find anything. When I did get up and go down to breakfast, I started down the stairs and was greeted by a sign that due to an &quot;engineering emergency&quot; the lobby staircase was closed, so I used the lift. Walking across the lobby I looked up and could see that part of the ceiling had fallen ~ which explained the slightly mildewey smell. Everyone was very courteous about it.I had some time to kill before my plane, and they gladly stored my bags.All in all, it was a great stay and I really look forward to going back again!	
Feb 17 2008 	Good business hotel - when you've found it!!	Unfortunately the hotel I usually stay in was fully booked which was rather inconvenient, so I booked into the next most convenient which was the Thistle Victoria..........or so I thought. I booked the hotel as the &quot;Thistle Victoria&quot;, however, after wandering up and down the street and asking a few police officers I eventually discovered it had been re-branded a few days prior and is now called the Grosvenor. I had walked past it 5 times!!Anyway, check in was swift, although they spent a while trying to convince me to upgrade. The walk to the room was quite long and I think at some point the hotel spans 2 buildings as the 3rd floor is split over 2 levels. The room was clean and spacious and had all the usual bits n bobs of a central London hotel. The bathroom was clean and tidy and had the usual array of complimentary soaps etc. In the room there were quite a few freebie bits and pieces (newspaper, slippers, water etc). The room had a big (36&quot; ish) LCD TV.Unfortunately the most important ingredient in any hotel room; the bed, was absolute rubbish. It seemed to have some kind of girder running down the middle which dug into my back all night long.Didn't have the breakfast in this one although at £28.50 for full English delivered to the room, who would!!Good hotel for business and probably a short weekend break too.	
Feb 11 2008 	shame great location	i stayed at this hotel for 1nt and i thourgth with it being a thistle the hotel would be really nice,but how wrong could i be,we walked into a great big lovely reception area but as soon as i got out of there and went up to the rooms i was so disappointed the room was that small i could of fell out of bed and had a wash at the same time,the wall paper was patched the carpet had holes in it.this is a shame as location was fab.it really needs up dating.	
Feb 10 2008 	worst hotel I've been in in years	Spent one night in the Thistle due to the proximity to Victoria. I travel alot for work and must say that this was the worst hotel I have been in in years. Unclean room, furniture falling to pieces, poor lock on the door, stained mattress, and the most uncomfortable bed I have ever experienced. Overall in need of a complete renovation (don't be fooled by the lobby!). Even paid 15 pounds for an 'upgrade', shudder to think what the standard room looked like.	
Feb 8 2008	Excellent location	I stayed there in November just for one night and paid 100 pounds. I had my my best sleep after a month. The staff was kind and helpful. The breakfast buffet was nice. The hotel is very central, adjacent to the train station and just 5 minutes walking distance to the coach stations. You can also get on the touristic buses in front of the hotel.	
Jan 30 2008	Fabulous Service - Great Staff	I travelled with my business colleague up on business to London and I had booked a deluxe twin. On arrival, our reservation was dealt with efficiently but we had to be moved as we were booked to be in a double! When we went up to our room we thought it was very small so I phoned to ask whetehr we had been given the correct allocation. Our enquiry was dealt with efficiently and courteously and we then had a follow up call from Sarah, the Duty Manager who offered to move us that evening and also the following evening. We opted to move the next evening and were given a really excellent room and all our luggage transferred.Everyone we met during our two night stay were customer focused, friendly and all said &quot;Good Morning/Evening&quot; as they passed by including Housekeeping staff. We could not fault the staff in their service and the hotel was immaculately clean with great service.we would definitely use again and also recommend.	
Jan 17 2008 	Just too expensive for the quality	The hotel is well located next to Victoria Train/Tube and Coach Station. The hotel entrance and lobby look top notch but that's where it ends.I had a double room for single occupancy and it really was small. The room was just ok but very tired and cramped. My nan has a tele newer than this room! The bathroom was small and dated but the mould over the shower seemed to like it!Breakfast was ok and a small queue was handled efficiently and courteously. Didnt eat dinner in the hotel as the location gives you plenty of other options.London hotels are notoriously expensive but this really is too much too pay for such a poor room - most of the budget chains have better rooms at much lower rates.	
Jan 1 2008 	Would stay here again...great location!	We had two adjoining rooms in the unrefurbished section of the hotel, but they were spacious enough, clean, and quiet. On the third night, my 18 and 21 year old children found a mouse in their room (which isn't that suprising for an older hotel), and on talking to the front desk were upgraded to a room in the Grosvenor wing. This was a very nice room, newer beds, great lighting, and spacious bathroom. They were also sent a complimentary room service lunch - all in all, they handled it very well. The rooms are a bit worn, but that isn't why we came to London - the location was fabulous for both arrival from Gatwick and access to all transportation. The breakfast was ordinary, but sufficient to save spending on another expensive meal in London. The staff was always pleasant and helpful, we would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 24 2007 	Not The Best Experience.....	The hotel entrance was good and can't be faulted and the service of the staff was good aswell, the cafe and bar area again cant be faulted but unfortunately thats where it all ends. The carpets in the halls were dirty and the curtains torn, as in the rooms. There were broken tiles in the bathroom in the middle of the the floor, the bath and sink taps were disgusting and needed cleaned again. There was a horrible smell in the wardrobe which meant that we couldn't hang our clothes up in it. There was holes in the wall by the window of a room that another member in our party was staying in, they also tried phoning room service and got no answer after numerous attempts. In all i would not stay or recommend this hotel at all to anybody unless the rooms were completely revamped. The location was good for what we needed i.e Buckingham Palace, and for trains, taxis and buses.	
Dec 19 2007 	Good review very poor rooms	I stop in London on business a lot, and have stayed several times in this hotel, but if I ever have a choice, I avoid it! The location is great. Right above Victoria station with trains, the Tube and busses extremely convenient. You are close to many theatres and Buckingham Palace etc. If you can get a good deal, they are worth considering - providing you don't intend to spend much time in your room.The breakfast is ok (but nothing special) and the one time that I had an evening meal, it was ok (but still nothing special). However, there are so many restaurants within walking distance, this shouldn't really matter.My main gripe with this hotel is just that the rooms are so small. I have been able to sit on the edge of a bed and virtually touch every wall. It really needs some money spending on it - the lobby and stairs are impressive, but the carpets, wallpaper, painting etc within the bedrooms are in need of some attention.There are better hotels in London that probably wouldn't even cost as much as this one, but if the location is important and the rooms not too important, it's acceptable.	
Dec 11 2007	Convenient	My hubby and I chose this hotel because of location and price with American Airlines. The convenience for Gatwick Express made my decision for booking. The checki in was fine with a little pleading we got our room before 2pm. We were there at 11am. The lobby and staircase is grand but dont expect that for the rooms. The hotel is old and need of refurb but it is a great location for all the needs of a tourist. We didnt really worry about the decor and the other small problems because we travel a lot and know about how London hotels can be. The tv was very small as they are in most budget b&amp;b and hotels. The breakfast was definiitely not worth 15 pounds but ours was included thank goodness. We did eat it and it was ok but I wouldnt advise you paying the price. The room was clean but as most travellers know dont use the top covers as they dont usually clean them enough but the sheets were clean and the bath was tidy.	
Dec 11 2007 	Awful experience	This has got to be one of the worst experiences I've ever had in a hotel and I am extremely dissapointed in a supposed 4* hotel!I booked the hotel in September for a December stay and requested a non-smoking double room and as my wife and I were going to a matinee theatre showing we arrived early and checked into our room at 1.30pm and we were given the key to what turned out to be the smallest room ever in the smoking wing and the room stank of smoke! When we complained to reception we was told (in a rather unfriendly manner) that the hotel was now full and there was nothing he could do but would send a cleaner to 'refresh the room'. When we spoke to the guest relations desk we were informed that she would see what she could do but couldn't promise and the she would send a cleaner with a special machine that was gauranteed to work and remove the smell and we would be amazed at the results.....needless to say it didn't and we wasn't!As we were resigning ourselves to spending the evening in this hell hole of a room we began to notice how filthy the room actually was with dust on the walls, dirt in the bin and bits of carpet pulled up. We then also noticed that there was only one towel in the room and one cup for tea/coffee so this room was clearly a single room! I then went to see the reception manager who after a lot of work finally admitted that it was one of the smallest rooms in the hotel and this was generally used a single room but used as a double when the hotel was busy! I was told that eventually they would know if there was to be a room spare in about 20mins and he would call me. When he called me (20 mins later to be fair) there was a room free and we moved to it.....the difference between the 2 rooms was staggering despite only being one step up on the price range it was clean and tidy (which is really all you want) with an HDtv and mp3 speakers (nice extras).So, to be honest I would never ever stay in this hotel ever again as they are unreliable and some of their rooms are clearly dirty and although some are not it is not worth the risk!!	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Location Good Hotel	We have stayed here about twice a year for more than 10 years. We love the convience of the location and the staff is always very helpful and friendly. The hotel is in the process of renovating the rooms. If you get a room that has recently been renovated, you are in for a treat. Most of the rooms are spacious - for British hotels- and they always have nice amenties. This time we got a free upgrade to the the&quot;Grosoverner&quot; wing. VERY NICE! King sized bed, nice bathroom with a large tub, very quiet. The only complaint I have with the Thistle is their pillows- they are down, I guess, but I always feel like I am sleeping on sandbags ( I am very picky about my pillows!).	
Dec 3 2007 	Gorgeous room too noisy to sleep in	This is one good looking hotel. We needed to catch a coach from Victorian Coach station; we arrived on a Sunday afternoon and asked for a room, and the counter person handed me the phone so I could speak to their call centre! We were offered a great rate, GBP 120, and the room was delightful - a newly renovated wing, great beds, lovely spotless bathroom.However the room overlooked the bus stop alongside the station - and we were awake from 5AM because of the noise from all the idling buses.So if you want a hotel room where you can sleep, beware and ensure you ask for a room away from noise.	
Nov 16 2007 	Unclean	Stayed here for two nights with work.Black hair was on the floor of the outdated and drab bathroom.TV kept turning itsself off in the middle of the night - had to unplug the socket in the end.Breakfast was average with poor service.	
Nov 13 2007 	Not as bad as I thought but not great..	My mother booked this hotel for our stay without checking trip advisor. On reading the reviews I was horrified, but as I was pre-warned I was not too disappointed. We had a single and twin room booked and on arrival about 11am the single smoking room was ready so we could take our bags straight upstairs. The single room is one of the smallest I have seen, it was also unbearably hot. The bathroom was in desparate need of renovating and not the cleanest. Fortunately this was my mother's room! On returning after shopping to the hotel we were allocated our twin room which was huge with a separate dressing area. The decor could do with updating but the beds were comfy with clean linen. Our bathroom was clean, but again a 70's shade of green. A few things in there were damaged or missing and in both rooms in the morning there was no hot or even warm water available for our shower.The breakfast in the morning was pretty good, with a full hot and continental buffet available. The hotel lobby and bar area were also nice but it was £15 for 2 gins and a coffee, I suppose this is only to be expected in London. I would say the hotel was not half as bad as I expected but way too expensive (£150 per room, per night) for the quality. My mother did complain on checking out regarding the dirty bathroom in the single room, but was just told to put it in writing!!	
Nov 7 2007	great location for connections	This hotel is pretty much as described in most other reviews, brilliant location especially if you will be using any routes that connect through Victoria Station, there is even an entrance to the hotel in the station. The Ground Floor of the Hotel is very Grandoise and impressive in a traditional way. The rooms are in need of redecorating and not up to modern standards. However, they are clean and confortable enough, and given the location your stay here is fairly good value in my opinion. Not for you though if you are particularly fussy about room decor and comfort. Good tea and coffee making facilities in the room. Friendly hotel staff. Good Hotel to use if you are flying into Gatwick as the Gatwick Express Terminal is on your doorstep.	
Oct 29 2007 	ok but not what you'd hope from a 4*	Booked the Thistle Victoria as part of a theatre and hotel package with lastminute.com. Great location for the Victoria Apollo and very central for tube, rail etc. Lovely entrance lobby, huge and very grand. Shame the rooms don't quite match up! Our room was ok, and clean but very small and at the back of the hotel so we were woken by rail announcements from the station!There was an empty fridge, no water and when we tried to order some from room service the phone just rang and rang so we gave up!The Restaurant Chez Gerard was good, and breakfast was very good.Overally, the stay was a success and the hotel was fine, especially for 1 night but you would just expect more from a 4* rating I feel.	
Oct 24 2007 	Sad Hotel	Very disappointed at the standard of a double room which cost £135.00 for one night. We stayed in room 530 which had a double bed which took the majority of rooms space, the decor was tired and the curtains filthy, In the bathroom which looked as if it had not been refurbished since 1960 there were chips out of the floor and a cracked sink. From outside the hotel the train announcements could be clearly heard starting at 6AM.On the plus side the ground floor was very grand and how you would expect to find a London hotel, the staff were polite and helpful. Ches Gerard the in-house restaurant provided excellent food and very good service.Hotels location could not be better but please do something about the rooms.	
Oct 16 2007 	Will be back	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and I am so pleased that I did,nt read these reviews before I booked up or I probably would have gone somewhere else. My daughter has stayed there before and she was confident that we would like it as we prefer buildings with character as opposed to brand new souless places. We were not dissapointed. The lobby is beautifull with a very grand staircase leading off it. We booked in at reception and found the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was on the third floor . We were pleasantly surprised with the size of it and the size of the bathroom. The beds were extremely comportable (twins) with gorgeous pillows. Could,nt fault them. Bags of wardrobe and drawer space, a small table with two chairs, an extra armchair, a telly that worked o.k. and a fairly new carpet bags of space and a window that opened. The bathroom was also much bigger than normal with a bath with shower over that worked fine without any complications.Water was always hot, the towels were clean and fluffy with the usual soap, shampoo ect.available for our use. To be fair the bathroom would benefit from some new tiles but that would be the only thing that I found a little disappointing. We found the waitresses, conciage , housekeeping and bar staff very helpfull and friendly and the hotel is in an extremely good location. Just round the corner from Buckingham Palace and easy walk to trafalger square ect. The only downside to the whole experience was the lack of any acceptable smoking facilities in the bar area as there is,nt any outside area,s belonging to the hotel but that is,nt the hotel,s fault and there did,nt seem to be many people using the bar probably for that reason. Would I stay there again?. Yes!!!	
Oct 13 2007	The worst hotel stay ever!	Had to book a last minute business trip and this was the only place with room left. Terrible choice. Lobby OK but rest of hotel terrible. Has not been touched since the’80’s so everything very out of date and threadbare.No iron or board in room and staff surprise when I asked for one so I could iron my shirt – “we’ll search the hotel for one for you”My boss got room 666 – and said to the front desk there was no way he was staying in that room, really why have a room with that numberDO NOT STAY HERE – there is so much worse stuff about it like damp in the room, wallpaper peeling off walls and the mattress having no springs left.	
Oct 10 2007	Well located but noisy and shabby	I've been staying here on business several days a week for about 2 months. For central London, the price is a reasonable one for a 'business hotel'. However, the rooms really are shabby. There are often broken tiles in the bathrooms, threadbare carpets etc. The hotel is situated above Victoria station (very busy station) and near the bus terminal. If you sleep light, bring ear plugs. If you ask at reception for a quiet room, they will try and give you one at the back looking over the top of the station.The breakfast buffet is good but the staff can be slow / have a tendency to forget / mix up your order.If possible, do not check in or out between 8-9am and 5-6.30pm as it could take up to half an hour!!	
Sep 25 2007 	Not a great hotel!	We stayed at this hotel in July 2007, it was the first stop on our Europe holiday. Although the hotel is in a great location and has a grand foyer, this is the best of it. We found the staff to be just OK.. Concierge was BARELY able to assist us with getting to some of the local attractions. The rooms are actually quite difficult to find, with there being 2 lifts which only get you to certain areas of the hotel. The actual room was old, dated, felt dirty and had a very dirty window without any sort of decent view. I didn't feel clean walking around bare foot, as the carpet looked quite dirty. . . Overall, would probably recommend based on location, but definately not on quality of room.	
Sep 13 2007 	Truly Grim	This has to be the worst hotel i have ever had the displeasure to stay at. the reception staff were rude and unhelpful. to begin with, I was given a room at the end of the corridor which had no ceiling ! the bed was broken and the furniture old, stained and grubby. When iasked to change rooms, guest relations hung up on me, reception then told me that i was in a recently refurbished room and couldnt see what the problem was. recently refurbished with what ? would be my question.... a scrapyard?. I stood my ground but all they could offer was a beautiful room on the6th floor although it was a smoking room ! Their definition of beautiful and mine differ. This time it was a twin room in the attic ... the bed albeit not broken in the middle had a mattress that was well past it used by date and almost rolled you back out of bed when you moved. The wall paper was peeling, the TV reception was rubbish and the bathroom was like something out of a Romanian orphanage.... broken tiles all over the floor and walls, the bath/shower and sink were skanky to say the least. I'm glad that i am fully innoculated for 3rd world disaeases as no doubt they were required as a result of my stay in that room....and all for the bargain price of £250. DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES STAY AT THIS HOTEL.	
Sep 7 2007 	Okay but fairly major problems - need to sort out overbooking and service	I've heard it's difficult to find a decent, inexpensive hotel in London and I previously met that with a bit of skepticism. However after staying a couple times, I would tend to agree. Unfortunately if you're staying at an affordable hotel, prepare to encounter some problems. The problems started when my mother originally booked our trip at the Thistle Westminster which turned out to be over-booked (no fault of ours). We were moved to the Thistle Victoria, charged an extra occupancy fee (in America I could have shared a room with no extra charge), then we were told that we would have to move AGAIN the next day. The hotel was not very friendly about the whole situation and did not seem to think it was an inconvenience for us.Finally, after being in our (technically) third room in two days, and being fast asleep at 1am the insanely loud fire alarm goes off and we're out on the street in cold, rainy London for an hour while they sort out that there was no fire. Again, no one knew what was going on and did not give adequate directions for the evacuation.The rooms were okay, conceirges were nice, but I'd look for another hotel next time.	
Aug 29 2007 	Rubbish noisy - only good thing = location	I've stopped here twice and won't be stopping again. The 1st time was passable, last night was awful. Got a pokey little room which was shabby with dull lighting. I dumped my bags and went to meet friends so didn't get back till late. Big mistake, room was very noisy from air conditioning (it sounded as if an aeroplane was parked outside with it's engines running) and hot. It was so noisy I had to use the 2 pillows from the spare bed over my ears, so I was even hotter and could still hear the rumbling. I rang reception to ask to swap rooms but none were available. The sink had no plug so I lost a lens case and lip-pencil down it ( I only hope they block the system!!). The only thing good about this hotel is the location. Thankgod I only used it for a business trip, I'd have cried even more than I did (from lack of sleep) if I'd paid for it myself.	
Aug 24 2007 	Central London hotel perfectly suited for a single woman	I had checked this hotel out before I stayed there with Trip advisor - so I knew what to expect.It was much better than I thought that this sort of central hotel would be, polite reception staff, single room - always difficult - small but quite adequate. Bedroom v clean, bathroom v small and dated, but ok. Decent breakfast. I took dinner in the hotel the night that I arrived. Excellent service, food adequate. Drink in the bar afterwards ok, but dark lighting made it a bit difficult to read my usual book - essential when you are a woman travelling alone.	
Aug 20 2007 	Good Hotel Helpful Staff Expensive Bar	We required a Central London hotel for a Saturday night stay, as we had tickets to 'Mary Poppins'. The hotel is well situated (although probably not ideal for Theatreland) and connected by an access door and corridor immeadiately off the Victoria rail station concourse (very useful as it poured with rain all weekend).A very grand entrance and reception area, with sweeping staircase, marble coloumns, balconies and drapes welcome you. A shortish wait to be checked-in by a very pleasant (Polish) receptionist.Lifts took us swiftly to the third floor and then we entered the labyrinth that is the Victoria Thistle hotel, with endless corridors landings and mezzanines. If you love mazes, I can highly recommend this hotel ~ we never took the same route back to our room during our whole stay.On entering the bedroom we found a clean, modern, rather functional and compact room. The bedroom did not match the public areas for their general feeling of grand opulence ~ but everything worked, TV, air/con and coffee making.Bathroom was spotless and perfectly acceptable, although perhaps due for a refurb soon.We used the bar on two occasions, as we were meeting friends there. I now understand why London rates as one of the most expensive cities in the world ~ the bar prices were unbelievable, a complete rip-off.Breakfast ~ We arrived at what must be the absolute peak time on a Sunday morning - 9.30 am. The main restaurant was full and quite a long queue waiting. Another room opposite the bar was being set aside to offer an additional breakfast venue. The staff (all of whom seem to be Polish) were manfully trying to cope and are very personable, but we felt needed some direction. In the end we laid our own tables, collected ingredients for breakfast directly from the kitchen door and borrowed glasses from the bar.Check-out was very busy and a little fraught, because of the usual customers complaing about what they THOUGHT was included in their 'On-Line' room rates! but the staff were professional and always kept their cool.The consierge looked after our suitcases whilst we did the West Ken. museums and before leaving to catch our train he offered me a Sunday paper with the hotel's compliments. He couldn't find an 'Independent' so I happily took what he had. BUT, as we disappeared out of the hotel and were halfway accross the Station concourse, he came running after me with a copy of the Independent he'd found behind reception ~ what brilliant service!All in all, another good stay in London ~ although I really believe Thistle should review their bar prices.	
Aug 19 2007 	Went to seee Wicked-stayed here for one night....	Ok I actually read the reviews after I booked and was going to cancel but as my friend and I were only staying one night we took a chance. The check in was problem free-great welcome as we came in the main hotel lobby and a very friendly receptionist. The room was on the 6th Floor and was very clean although a little threadbare. The hotel does need a re-fit and it is one of those huge monsters that has hallways after hallways and grand staircases but its just that kind of grand old building-beautiful but very tired looking. Things were going great until the next morning-turned on the hot water tap and shower and-nothing no water anything. I had actually read this happening on one of the reviews on here before. The was notning in the room to signpost you to where to find the contact details for telephoning reception so we ended up washing at the sink in cold water. When we checked out the receptionist just said sorry and that they were due a re-fit! It seems this is a frequent occurance to watch out! The room itself was well fitted out, bathroom was nice (if only it worked) and everything was clean but a bit worn looking although the carpet and bedding was new. The location for going to see Wicked or Billy Elliot is excellent-but of course its very busy and noisy outside although there are a couple of good pubs on the doorstep-The Shakespere is open until 12.00 at night and so is Marks and Spencers in the station if you need a snack. I would stay again because of the location but only after the refit! Oh and the hotel restuarent-French European Chez Gerrad-we ate there and thought it was excellent and good value for money-the breakfast was just ok though and it was a bit of a scrum in the morning (you have to Q for a short while because of the size of hotel) but service was quick and tables were clean.	
Aug 12 2007 	I screamed when I went in the room...!	My friend booked this trip through a travel agent, we we're going to see Billy Elliot. As there was 3 of us it narrowed down the hotels we could stay in but we ended up booking the Thistle Victoria. It was only after we read the reviews and started to worry at the poor rating it had been given. We arrived to a shining marble floor, grand staircase in a lovely old victorian building. We checked in, which was easy, and the lady was very nice. She told us we were in an executive room (which we had not booked, but we weren't complaining!). On entering the room we didn't know which door to go through first! One was to the bedroom and the other to a huge living room with loads of furniture and tv etc. I couldn't stop screaming!! It was fantastic! The bedroom had a double bed and camp bed but stil lots of room to move about. The bathroom had a shower and bath/shower. It maybe did need a little re-vamp but who spends their holiday in the bathroom?? Breakfast was lovely-English and continental. The staff were friendly and very helpful, suggesting various places to eat/visit and which buses/underground to get. On our last night we had a knock at the door and received hot chocolate with marshmellows! All in all a lovely hotel, friendly staff, perfect location and we would definately stay again!Claire, Fi and Janet.	
Jul 31 2007 	Ideal central location	We arrived at Victoria station and much to our delight, the hotel was right beside it. It was really a perfect location if you wanted access to (zone 1 underground) central London. When we checked in, the staff seemed a little surprised to see us and not all that friendly. Granted, we arrived after 10pm so maybe they were not expecting us so late. We were pleasantly surprised with our room considering the reviews that we had read on Tripadvisor. It was big enough and spotlessly clean. However, there were some problems that could have been fixed, the bin in the bathroom was broken and the TV had a mind of its own and wouldn't switch off! The air conditioning unit was very noisy but very necessary as it was hot weather (believe it or not). However, the breakfast was fabulous! Huge selection of food and very tasty and a great start to the day!	
Jul 26 2007	Very good and enjoyable	I visted the Hotel for and after reading some of the reviews on this site I was not looking forward to it at all, but I found it to be much better than most of the reviews on this site.The room was nice, clean comfatable beds and the bathroom was clean and tidy, breakfast was lovely, a fantastic selection.Overall a very enjoyable stay.One thing the view out of the window was of a train station and Batersea powersation in the distance. (See picture)	
Jul 26 2007	Strange hotel...	Stayed for 1 night mid July 2007. This hotel is very strange as the lobby, bars and restaurant are very grand but once you leave these areas it is like stepping back 100 years. The endless corridors are lined with threadbare carpet with grey (ugh) disgusting nets and really old drapes. It must have taken us 5 minutes walking down endless corridors to get to our room because it was so far away from reception with no offer of help with our luggage. We were upgraded to an executive room which was just a run of the mill 3 star room to me so I dread to think what the standard rooms are like. Breakfast was fine - nothing too special. The drinks in the bar were very expensive so save some money and go to one of the many bars in the area. Staff were not friendly or welcoming in any of the departments that I dealt with. We paid 110GBP per night including breakfast. This hotel needs a major revamp if it is going to keep doing business as it cannot survive on the grandeur of the public areas alone. I would not recommend this hotel for your stay in London.	
Jul 23 2007 	Big Mistake	First the good: The Thistle Victoria is in the heart of things, near Victoria Station, Buckingham Palace, Harrods, Piccadily, etc. Also, their ground floor is impressive. Looks elegant and has an excellent dining room for breakfast. Now the bad: The hotel is very shabby and run down above the ground floor. The carpets are old and worn, the wooden floor molding, door frames, window frames, etc., are badly chipped, and in need of renovation. The bathroom lighting was weak, which made morning shaving tricky. The bathtub side panels were old and falling apart. The TV remote did not work, and we could only get one channel. Later we couldn't even get that. There was only one elevator working during our stay. Imagine - a single small elevator for a huge hotel.!! And, to get into it, you literally had to run in as soon as it opened, as the doors would close almost instantly. Then once you get off the elevator, the interior is like a maze. We had to walk down long, musty, and winding corridors to get to our room. Not a pleasant experience if you have a lot of heavy luggage. It gets better yet - no air conditioning in the rooms. The only redeeming factor was that it happened to be a cool July day during our stay, and we were able to keep the window open. But that, in turn, caused another problem - the outside traffic noise was very loud as it is right on Buckingham Palace Road, and consequently it was hard to sleep. But the coup de grace was the bed! We requested a room for a married couple. What we got was a tiny room with a tiny double bed wedged against the wall. This meant my wife had to climb over me each time she wanted to go to the bathroom at night. The bed could not be rearranged in this room as there was barely enough space to walk by as is. All in all, a very poor hotel. We would never stay here again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Not worth it	My husband and I travelled from Philadelphia, USA and booked the hotel through an agent. We did not want to spend a lot of money but wanted to be in a central location of London with easy access to all the best sites (afterall - why stay in the room when there is so much to see?). Although we definately achieved these objectives, it was not enough to make our stay pleasant by any means (it is nice to come back to something comfortable after a long day of being out and about). Our room was directly adjacent to the underground station...and it smelled absolutely terrible! Within hours of checking in we purchased 2 air freshners which only barely covered the smells. Aside from this - there was also constant loud speaker announcements coming from the station, at all hours of the day and night - making a good night's sleep nearly impossible. The bathroom was not terrible, although the shower water was never hot - it was just bearable at room temperature. The full size bed sunk in the middle and did not include any sheets (just a fitted sheet and old pink comforter). The room was small, but not unreasonable. There was a fan in the room; however the temperature in July was still cool enough that it was not necessary. The staff was kind and helpful enough (breakfast was fantastic). However, all in all, we would not stay here again.	
Jul 3 2007	Awful dire terrible hideous...	...grimy, overpriced, faceless, impersonal, dirty and in severe need of a lick of paint. Or a demolition ball.Other than that, excellent.	
Jun 29 2007 	Thistle Victoria	I really i enjyed my trip to the thistle victoria. it is was in a great location and the room was clean and tidy. It was the best nights sleep i've had in a while. Most of the staff were pleasant and polite, however the reception staff were incompetant.	
Jun 24 2007 	My dog's crate is bigger than these rooms and the staff oh nooooo	waited one hour on reception line to get checked in. The Room was about as big as my dog's crate and the staff is as disconnected as a reciever left off of the hook. When I complained they acted as unconcerned as a drunk being told to quit drinking. The hotel is located in the busiest parts of London, with no soul whatsoever. This is like living IN GRAND CENTRAL STATION.	
Jun 20 2007 	Nice foyer downhill from there	I stayed here on business from 13-15 June 2007.The hotel is located on top of the Victoria Rail Station, and has its own entrance within the station. The foyer is grand and the concierge and staff in reception are helpful.The room I was allocated was on the sixth floor and was a twin room containing the standard facilities - TV, tea-making etc. The room was clean and had aircon that was effective and not too noisy. The room is in need of refurbishement, as is the bathroom - which will require special attention. There are no window coverings in the bathroom (I guess as the room is so high so nobody is able to look in), tiles are cracked on the walls, and the shower curtain when moved falls on the floor as the towel rail is not attached to the wall at eaither end - it has broken and is just balanced. that said the shower is powerful which is a bonus.The restuarant is &quot;Chez Gerard&quot; which has low-lighting and looks ok. the food is of a decent standard and for London is not expensive. the staff in the restaurant do seem to have an attitude of arrogance but other than that the restaurant is fine, although a visitor to London has many other places to get a better feel of what London has to offer.	
Jun 19 2007	You can't go home anymore	I had last stayed at the Victoria in 1997 and liked it's location adjacent to Victoria Station. So I booked one night at the end of my QM2 cruise to London. The lobby and public areas are the same as before, which is to say impressive. But I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. The hotel is in desperate need of refreshing. The carpet was threadbare and the bathroom tiles cracked. The sofa in our room belonged at the curb for trash pick-up! The hallways had ripped wallpaper, and beat up woodwork and doors. The beds were clean and comfortable. It was so sad to see a grand old lady in such disrepear. This hotel is used for tour groups and as such is taking a beating. I wish Thistle would spend some money on her as she is a grand old dame in a great location.	
May 31 2007 	very nice hotel	we arrived on the 26th May we were unable to check in early but we could leave our cases there. There were a few people at the desk with complants but eventually we checked in. Our room was on the second floor and true the communal areas are very nice and grand the bedroomas are small which is what you expect in london the full pice rate is not worth it but we booked last minute the bathroom is not grand and it is small but functional. At Breakfast there was some confusion as to where people shuld sit and you woule need to get there early to aviod queuing. Service was slow but got there in the end. Overall it was very nice weekend and very close to all routes with a bus stop out side as well as a side entrance striaght in to the station. We had a room that faced the room and the noise was minimal.	
May 19 2007 	great location	The Thistle Victoria is a very nice hotel in a great location. Our rooms were very pleasant, and so was the staff. The hotel is located near the underground and the buses, and is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey.	
May 7 2007 	What a treat	When they found out that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary at front desk they jumped for joy. Nikki and Maciek from reception were lovely. They upgraded us to a beautiful suite with really high ceilings. The bed looked very regal. I felt as if I was in a fairy tale. They even sent us a bottle of champagne!Our suite was always clean and we would return in the evenings to find our bed turned down, hot chocolate and marshmellows waiting for us by our bedside table.The afternoon tea served in the lounge is phenominal and the service that goes with it is great. The bar staff were friendly also. Breakfast was not included in our package but we did take it everday. The buffet was always laid well and and service speedy and efficient. The one thing that annoyed me was that they did not have a gym in the hotel. We were offered to complimentary use to one that they were affiliated with but we declined.Overall...........A wonderful stay, we will definately be back	
May 6 2007 	Possibly the worst hotel in London	I had the misfortune of staying in this dreadful hotel in April. Luckily it was for only one night. I arrived at 11pm and felt hopeful on entering the foyer, which looks very pleasant. The reception desk had four people behind it but only one seemed interested in actually assisting guests - unfortunate as there were at least 8 people waiting in line to check-in. The guy in front of me tried to get the attention of one of the 'disengaged' staff and was told bruskly that she was very busy and he would have to wait in line for someone else.When I eventually got my room key (room 744) I was told to take the lift to the fifth floor, turn right, follow the corridor to the end, turn right then go diagonally across a hallway , through a fire door and take another small lift on the right to the seventh floor. What was noticable about the long journey to my room was that the quality of the decor got progressively worse the closer to my room I got - and hit rock bottom on entering.Room 744 is on the top floor and has got to be one of the lowest budget loft conversions I have ever seen. The room was tiny and very dirty. Supposed to be a non smoker, but clearly someone had been recently smoking something (perhaps it made the room more bearable for them). The celing was an office ceiling with polystyrene tiles in a metal grid - stained and dirty.The room had a double bed, but because it was so small the bed was pushed in to a corner - making for a very 'cosy' if unromantic evening.Rather than the usual chocolate on my pillow I was instead treated to a wet and dirty floor cloth on my bed! I called reception, they apologised and said they would send someone up - no one came - probably died of exhaustion during the 5 mile hike from reception to my room.Other things that were not good:1. Bed past its best - lumpy with sagging matress in the middle.2. Carpets filthy - you do not want to walk around this room in bare feet!!!3. Coffee cups dirty!!4. TV switched itself on at 2am then wouldnt switch off. Had to disconnect from wall socket which involved moving desk.5. No hangers in the wardrobe, though wouldn't have used it anyway as it smelt bad!5. Toilet seat was broken!6. Bathroom floor tiles were cracked wth sharp edges!7. Bathroom wall tiles dirty!8. Shower was scalding hot or freezing cold - nothing in-between!9. Shower curtain was dirty and had mould on it!Struggling to find anything positive to say about this dump. Well there was one thing I suppose, the complimentary digestive biscuit was within its 'use by' date.I didnt stay for breakfast (and reading other reviews im pretty glad I didnt). On checking out the person next to me had clearly had a similar experience and was treated with near contempt ny the girl on reception when he 'dared' to criticise. I was not even asked if I had enjoyed my stay, if everything had been OK etc. But even if I had been asked I suspect it would have had no effect whatsoever.And one final point .......... the cost of this 'experience', £270 for one night!!!!! Apparently I had a deluxe room. I shudder to think what the regular rooms were like!Do not go anywhere near this place - you will have a more comfortable night settling down on one of the benches in Victoria Railway Station!!	
Apr 26 2007 	Promises promises	I am always in trepidation staying at an old hotel adjacent to a railway station. My fears were well founded. The Thistle Hotel is very conveniently situated within Victoria Station, with a grand exterior and public interiors (see pics). Beneath the experience was less serene. On checking in (7 minutes wait) I was not offered a n/s room (as booked) and on questioning advised that &quot;I had a luxury room with air conditioning that would deal with any stale air in the unlikely event of any being present&quot;. I was not offered a paper or wake up call. The room was really depressing with semi transulscent glass in the window looking onto pigeons and scaffolding. The bedside light was not working but maintenance responded and replaced a bulb (well done). The room was stuffy and strong smoke odour but I was not able to change to another room I was told. The desk chair was lumpy and hard to work from at the desk. The bathroom was bright white but the towels reeked on dry cleaning solvent (yuk!).With the sound of train announements and &quot;ding dongs&quot; in the background it was hardly a relaxing experience. I ordered a wake -up call and had a delightful assistant anwer the phone promising that it &quot;consider it done&quot;. The call never came and I was late.Next time I will stick with the City Inn at Westminster....	
Apr 23 2007	A truly awful hotel	My experience seems to mirror that of others. The 'open areas' of the hotel are fairly nice but then you go upstairs......as you have to walk for miles to find your room you find the walls in the corridors are dirty, the net curtains on the windows are filthy and smell...and as for the windows themselves (I pulled some of the curtains back) - they clearly haven't been cleaned for years.......I stayed in room 331 which faced the road - as you can imagine it was very noisy and with no a/c (but a very noisy ceiling fan) you faced the usual dilemma of a hot night or a noisy night.......The room was tiny....with an even smaller bathroom.....would you like to stand inside the bathroom sir or outside 'cos you can't taken more than 1 step inside there.....+ the bathroom fittings looked downright grotty (the shower was good though)......The bed was just a lumpy mess of mattress......it was so worn it honestly didn't feel like there was one and if you lay on the side of the mattress you just rolled into the middle....The TV (with very limited channels) was sat on top of the desk meaning you had no room to put anything else onto it. Additionally this was at complete right angles to the bed so you couldn't lie on the bed and watch tv. You had to sit on an uncomfortable chair squeezed against the edge of the bed.....Breakfast was a farce - the quality of the food was awful and at £17.95 a complete rip-off......it was a complete rugby scrum also - you are taken to a dirty table miles away from the serving area and told this is your table. When you return after walking all the way to the serving area and back you find a) they haven't clean the table and b) they've gone and sat someone else at your table.....you then have to walk all the way back to the serving area to find a member of staff to get you some cutlery....awful.....and as for the attitude of the staff in general.......rude....arrogant....ignorant...unhelpful.....maybe they are trained to act this way as they get so many complaints.....I will most certainly never stay at this hotel again.....The Hesperia, Park Plaza and even the Rubens (which itself is a poor hotel) are far better than this rubbish......and you can get rooms - certainly at the Hesperia for the same price.....	
Apr 9 2007	Loved this hotel	We stayed at the Thistle Victoria for seven days and were very happy with the service we received. The concierges were extremely helpful and friendly, as was the rest of the staff.Our breakfasts, which were included with our stay, were very good.Best of all was the location--we were centrally located to most of London's top attractions and were located at Victoria Station. We didn't even need to go outside to get to either the tube or the train, and there was an indoor shopping mall right there as well. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Apr 4 2007	Not that Bad	I read the reviews the day we left and felt sick. The hotel was booked through a British Air package, so I called BA customer service, and to my relief, was told that we could change to a new hotel if necessary. Since the reviews painted such a dismal picture, we were prepared for the worst. The good news? It really wasn't that horrific. The first thing we did upon check-in was flush the toilet, examine the bed for bedbugs and test the shower for hot water. No problems.We were in a corner room on the 5th floor, and yes, it was small and dated, but it suited our needs just fine. The location is amazing (a little noisy), and worth the &quot;hardship&quot; of dated decor and plumbing. If you're looking for a plush room, skip the Thistle. If you need a great jumping-off point for your touring, the Thistle is it. We'd even stay there again, if we could get the same room!	
Apr 4 2007 	Not As Bad As I Thought It Was Going To Be	Stopped here for 1 night on a trip to London for a meeting. It was booked through work and I only looked at the reviews once I had been told where I was stopping. As has previously been mentioned,the hotel is right by Victoria station and Underground and so very well placed for getting about London. The public areas,restaurant and bars are very well presented and it does give a good first impression. The reception staff were very professional as were all the staff I came into contact with.I was just in a single room on the 2nd floor. No view and although not exactly sure what I was looking at,I presume part of the station complex. There was no noise at all through the night or first thing in the morning. The room was very hot and I could not seem to turn the radiator down but with the fan on a low speed,it did cool down and was not too noisy. Bed was not the most comfortable I have ever slept in but I guess im used to a king side bed with my wife beside me! The bathroom was very small but again,it was a single room and I was only there for one night. It was clean and the shower cubicle was fully enclosed and shower was very powerful. There were the usual type of products provided.I did not eat in the restaurant at night but full breakfast was part of the £99 room rate. Usual fare of various cereals,cooked breakfast,cold meats,croisant's which were perfectly ok. Did have one drink in the bar the night before which was a bit of a shock at £4 per pint but I guess that is London Hotel prices. Better going to a pub.To end, the hotel was not dirty as previously mentioned,is a little tired and could do with some decoration in the rooms and corridors. Would I stop there for pleasure,probably not. Would I stop there on business? If budget a constraint then yes,if not or you can pay a bit more then I would probably go somewhere else.	
Mar 25 2007 	Absolute worst hotel ever	My husband and I stayed at the Thistle Vict. Feb. 24-26. It was the end of a wonderful week in Rome/Florence. The room was tiny,no dresser, half dozen different sickening patterns on rug, chairs, bedspread, etc. No dresser. Bed was horrible--old, cheap, with springs bulging to the surface of the worn covering. We had an awful nite. A merely lumpy bed would have been a luxury. This was painful. In the morning, we asked to be moved to a different room and were told to pack all our stuff, they would change our room and our things would be there when we returned in the afternoon. We were out for about 8 hours and were not at all surprised to learn when we returned that our suitcases had not yet been moved! While our second room was a marked improvement (also no dresser, and the bathroom was miniscule) it would have been acceptable for a 2-star hotel; it wasn't remotely reasonable for what we paid. In additon, it was very confusing to navigate the nauseating halls. The staff, for the most part, was apathetic at best and often openly rude. My husband wrote a letter of complaint to the CEO and we were offered 2 free nites. There is no way I would ever stay at that place again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Dirty - no Dated - yes Don't - it's up to you	I booked this hotel before checking the reviews so wasn't looking forward to the stay. When I arrived I realised that I had stayed there before a few years ago. Both experiences were similar, this hotel is ripe for refurbishment, but other than that it offered value for money for midweek business travel. All the staff I met were really helpful, the rooms are snug but clean.	
Mar 10 2007 	Four Stars? HAHAHA	This Hotel rates two stars at best, and that is only because of the staff which is the only redeeming quality of this hellhole.Building maintenance seems to have been totally ignored. Peeling wallpaper, dirty paint and furniture in our room which looked like it was scavenged from a trash heap.The drain in the tub was filled with pubic hairs and some black sludge which I could not identify. The previous occupants hair was all over the bathroom floor. Best of all was this &quot;deluxe&quot; room overlooked the platform of Victoria Station, and our wake up call was at 7:00 am sharp every morning came in the form of the PA system at Victoria Station which was loud and clear.Breakfast was included, but you couldn't eat it on the second day of our stay unless you wanted to stand in line about an hour. Evidently they overbooked breakfast that day.This hotel reminds me of an old east bloc communist run hotel, only in worse repair.	
Mar 2 2007 	d.u.m.p.	I had to stay here for business. Good location, next door to the station and the reception area seemed quite nice, but the rooms were another story! Checked into my single room which was no bigger than a shoe box! Bathroom was dirty and the room had a tiny single bed. I asked to be moved and got a slightly bigger room with a double bed. Bathroom was gruby and needed a re-fit about 5 years ago. No double glazing and was right near the road where the bus station is, very noisy and cold. Ordered room service food which was nice. Ordered breakfast to my room, order 4 items, only got 1. I was told the others were out of stock. Nice. The staff are nice but the actual hotel needs knocking down.	
Feb 26 2007	Theatre Trip	Stayed at this hotel for one night on the 23/2, the hotel is in an excellent location, handy for pretty much everything. The staff were great both checking-in and looking after our luggage, so we could do some more shopping!!!!The rooms are small, but you would expect this from any major city hotel, all very clean and tidy.For a short stay, that you are only using the room to sleep, this will do.	
Feb 20 2007	Pleasant and Comfortable	We stayed here for 5 days mid February. The location is terrific, the rates are reasonable by London standards, the room was comfortable, clean, and quiet, and the breakfast was great.The staff let us check in at 9:00 AM after a 13 hour flight from Asia, a much appreciated gesture that I've not received from any other London hotel.The carpets are a bit old, the television and choice of programs are nothing to boast about, and the elevators are small. If those are critical matters then go stay on Park Lane. Otherwise, this is a perfectly acceptable hotel in an excellent location.	
Feb 19 2007 	That Cinderella feeling	Once more, two factors emerge in the choice of a hotel in London: the price you pay, and the luck you have (or do not have).I was given Room 746 (I therefore luckily and narrowly escaped the Chamber of Torture, Room 747, described in previous reviews – fortunately, I did not remember 747 when they gave me my room).As some reviewers have indicated, reaching your room is really a challenge. The receptionist tells you to take the lift to the fourth floor and then to turn twice on the right (or something) until you get to the next lift, to the seventh floor. Naturally you get lost but it does not matter, as you are in the best parts of the hotel. Lost in the various corridors, I had no experience of that bad smell reported by previous visitors. These corridors are among the best I have seen in London (one of the worst cities in the world for value-for-money in hotels, one must never forget): thick pile carpeting, fine mahogany doors with solid brass fitments, interesting large pictures of old London, excellently framed, on the walls.Even better, on your second day, you learn that if you have no luggage, you can take the magnificent staircase with marble Grecian columns, reminiscent of a royal palace, to the first floor and then get a direct lift to your seventh-floor room. Passing through the vast ornamental lobby and going up the luxury stairs is the best experience in the hotel – this is why they show you the picture of the staircase seen from the lobby in all their advertising material.Room 746 takes you back to reality. The Cinderella world is over. The bedroom is nothing to compare with the lobby and staircase. Not that it is repulsive (I did not see the peeling wallpaper – only tell-tale traces of old water infiltrations from the roof): it is simply plain and in need of renovation. Everything worked in the bathroom – no leaking taps, no leaking WC tank, the hot water was hot, the bath and basin had their plugs. The large integral moulded plastic basin was typical of 1960s style – and it was not the fault of the owners that successive generations of smoking louts had burnt the surface with their cigarettes.So, all in all, reading other accounts, I can count myself lucky that I was given Room 746, not 747. Even though it is on the seventh floor, as the number indicates – and even though I had insisted on a “quiet room at the back” – I could hear the jingles and announcements on the railway loudspeakers. Moreover, I was just above the station’s forecourt with its busy bus station. I thought it would be alright on the Sunday morning anyway – but I had forgotten about the Thatcher revolution (the Sabbath is no longer sacred in Britain) and was woken up by the noise of a hammer drill and tarmac diamond saw. Never go in summer – you would not be able to open the window for the noise and the heat would be unbearable.Most of the occupants were British couples who had a lie-in, and enormous queues were to be seen at the entrance of the breakfast room around 9:30. First, you have to queue for a table, and then you have to queue to fill your plate with the excellent selection offered for English breakfast. It took me over a quarter of an hour before I could sit with my plate filled. Obviously, most of the queuers were used to Butlin’s and low-class cheap package holidays in Spain – none complained.This brings me to my final point: obviously most people were there on a ‘cheap’ package for the week-end. The ‘rack rate’ is a racket, as always in London hotels. I paid just over 51 pounds (through Highlife Breaks, now taken over by Superbreaks) for a single room (which in fact had a queen bed) including English breakfast (charged £15.95 if ordered separately from the room) and on that particular Saturday night I do not believe there were better bargains to be had in London. I was not using Victoria Station, but Waterloo Station – but then a 211 bus will take you ‘from door to door’ – and the 11 bus coming from the Strand and Trafalgar Square literally drops you in front of the hotel’s entrance after you went to enjoy the ambience of Covent Garden in the evening (the atmosphere around Victoria Station is extremely gloomy at night).	
Feb 8 2007 	Absolutely Dire Grim and Atrocious	I stayed at this “Hotel” for 1 night in January 2007 during a business trip. On arrival at check-in I was asked to provide my Credit Card details in case of any extras. I explained that the room had been paid by the Company it was unlikely that there would be any extras and should there be, they would be paid by cash. The receptionist insisted that they required card details and I refused, asking to speak to the Manager. The receptionist then backed down and accepted this. The “£100” paid for the 4th floor single “box” room proved to be a total rip off. The room was smaller than small with a tiny bathroom. The overall state of cleanliness was very poor with a mouldy damp smell, damaged furniture and a well used and poorly sprung bed.The worse was yet to be realised. The sink in the bathroom was able to hold water without using a plug and also bring strong smelling “debris” up the plug hole!I immediately contacted reception who advised that a member of staff would be sent immediately to remove the blockage. 20 minutes later and still no workman. A second call was made to reception and a different member of staff promised to send someone right away. 1 hour and 30 minutes later – still no-one. At this point I made a further call to reception and demanded an alternative room immediately. The lady agreed, advised me of the new room number, and stated that a member of staff would pop the replacement card up immediately. 15 minutes later and still no visit by staff with the new card. Finally I went down to reception, explained the situation again and was presented with the new card.The second room proved better with a double bed and appeared to be relatively clean. I could never recommend this “Hotel” to any traveller regardless of the price paid. An awful experience that I could not repeat !	
Feb 7 2007	Dirty Dated Don't!	I have satyed here twice before and rooms were ok ish but dated, my room was above train sattion - lots of banging and thuds during the night! Stayed here couple of weeks ago and never again! Entrance is impressive and very fiendly check in and Chez Gerrard for dinner is great value - 3 course £16 - great food. Entrance lobby is grand and yes it is a handy location. The corridors are very confusing - it feels a bit creepy and you can easily get lost. The corridor areas upsatairs are very tatty and dirty - to be honest it has the feel of a homeless shelter. As I have satyeda coup[le of times asked to be upgraded - was given a deluxe double - well if that was deluxe I would dread to see a standard room! Room was tiny, dirty and grubby, very dated bathroom and absolutely wreaked of smoke - I called down to reception to see if there was any other room - none available! I opended wardrobe to press my trousers - nothing there! I was moved to another room - a large room at end of a corridor - it was very old fashioned and again so gruby! Don't saty here! There are so many better hotels in London!	
Feb 7 2007	Could be better	On the plus side the Thistle Victoria is well located, beside Victoria Rail station and the Underground. Victoria Coach Station is also close by.The hotel is itself could be a lot better. We had a double room on the second floor. After check in which was, done quickly by pleasant staff, we proceeded up to the room . The corridors upstairs seemed to have a cooking odour filling them(boiled cabbage) not too pleasant. The room itself was quite small, not sure if it was supposed to be a deluxe room as there were bathrobes on the bed, for our use and it did seem to have proper A/C, unlike the ceiliing fans mentioned in other reviews. The bed in the room was awful, so worn out you could feel the base through it, when you lay down. Not great when all you want is a pleasant nights rest.The bathroom had cracked tiles on the floor and peeling paint on the ceiling above the shower.Other niggles were:We were supposed to receive a complimentary newspaper in the morning, which did not materialise. We tried to contact our friend in another room, but were told the phone in his room did not work. There is no free wi-fi access which they do have at the Thistle Trafalgar Square.Cost here is £6.00 per hour.The breakfast did seem ok and there were no hot water problems during our stay.All in all we were not impressed with the hotel and would not return.	
Feb 4 2007	The homeless would think twice before staying here	My room was filthy. There was mold on the bathroom door, the shower curtain rod was rusty, the curtains were gray with filth, the drapes were hanging in tatters like some scene from a horror movie, wallpaper and paint were peeling from the walls, the carpet was held together with duct tape, most the tears were through the backing and down to the floor, the furniture was broken, the drinking glass was filthy, no hot water on a couple of days, the bed skirt was torn and filthy. No amenities for guests, such as access to e-mail, waste basket in room, available ice and water. I was there on an airline package, it was pre paid, and I had no where else to go. The hotel would not change my room from the 7th floor annex. What a flop house. I returned 2 dahome 2 days ago, and was glad to be out of that place.	
Feb 2 2007 	Say it like it is.	A mess of a hotel.Reception is adequate and reasonably decorated, but step beyond that area you are faced with a run down, shabby hotel with peeling paint on the walls, graffiti on the walls, rotting windows, broken window locks, tiny rooms around 8 foot square, (this the deluxe double), untidy rooms with dark grey net curtains - grey with dirt, not by choice ! Rattling air con units, sluggish lifts - nothing positive to say about my stay.What a dump. I have never stayed in such a poor excuse for a hotel. Tired out, aged, in desperate need of a re-furb.I challenge any member of the thistle staff to correct me on these facts and I am happy to meet any of them at the hotel and show them exactly the areas I mention above.Breakfast was a little better, over cooked though and served by sullen, unsmiling staff. I would say the standard here is roughly that of a youth hostel and should cost around the same - I would expect to pay £15 - £40 a night for this place, it isn't worth anymore.	
Jan 29 2007 	Can't beat the location	After reading other reviews, I feel I must add mine to the balance.We arrived to the hotel in the afternoon from Victoria Station after taking the Gatwick Express. Our room was ready upon check-in on the third floor. It was of a decent size, high ceilings with a ceiling fan and large window. Yes, it was warm, but with the open window and ( quiet ) fan running, the room was comfortable. Nice sized wardrobe, desk, chairs, and a bedside table between the two twins completed the room. We found no problem whatsoever with the water, wallpaper, carpet or beds. The pillows are flatter than I am used to at home, that is why I always bring one with me. ( I can leave it behind if I need the space in my luggage ) The staff were friendly and helpful with questions and requests. Only had breakfast one morning because of schedule, it was very ample and varied.I usually stay with friends in London, but because of time and travelling with a first-timer, I chose the Thistle Victoria for the location and ease of transport.I booked the hotel through the British Airways' website.	
Jan 26 2007	Awful!	When I discovered my firm had put me in this hotel I was mortified at the stories of no hot water and hoped they might be fixed. Not a hope. As the previous poster wrote, hot water is a basic right when staying at a supposed top hotel. I cannot understand why they haven't resolved the problem and I have raised a complaint through our travel department who will take it up with Thistle Hotels. They should be closed down until they fix it.Other than this, the twin room I was in was OK for size with adequate space for clothes. The bathroom was not so bad apart from the badly cracked tiles behind the toilet and, obviously, the lack of hot water.The single bed was very soft but clean and I slept well on it but woke up with a bad back. In the bar there was a party of drunken business people who were trying their best to out shout each other until the loudest one fell asleep thankfully. It was also too dark to read anything so guests staying on their own were forced to stare into their drinks to amuse themselves. Friendly enough bar staff though.I took breakfast in Chez Gerard which is attached to the Thistle and it was the standard fare. Nobody asked for my room number though so anyone could have wandered in off the streets and got a free breakfast.The one nice thing about the hotel is the stunning lobby, but bear in mind this is a very old hotel and for want of a lick of paint and some new furniture (and maybe a new boiler!), this could be a great hotel.Let's hope something is done about it.	
Jan 25 2007 	Do not stay here - Worst hotel ever!	Stayed at this hotel for a work trip and it has definitely taught me to do some research before booking a hotel!! Don't be disillusioned by the fancy reception area, the rest of the hotel is a completely dive! The whole place desparately needs decorating, damp and dark patches, paint hanging off bathroom ceiling, paper coming off the walls, and that's just the room, as for the noise, I couldn't believe the hotel expected guests to sleep in rooms with single glazing, didn't get a wink of sleep and I had two nights there!! If you try to complain you won't get anywhere except maybe ROOM 747, which seems to be the only room they'll ever have to give as an alternative to your room, even the staff laugh if you say you're going to sleep in that room!! A complete nightmare of a stay, if you want a good stay in London well then avoid this hotel!!!! I won't be staying at a Thistle hotel again!	
Jan 25 2007	oh dear...	Stayed here for business a couple of days ago.Check in: Lobby is impressive, but not enough staff at busy times. They make you pay £50 up front to cover any expenses you might incur. They insist it won't be taken from my card because i didn't buy anything. That remains to be seen. Room: Cold, tiny, worn carpets, broken fittings, blu tack on the walls next to the bed. Bathroom was as small as possible and there was NO HOT WATER in the morning. I think that's a basic need, don't you?Brekkie was ok, but not great.Imagine if you pay a lot more you get a better room, but the single rooms are so poorly kept. There's really no excuse for it, they must make a mint with their location.	
Jan 24 2007 	Disappointed	The Thistle Victoria is central to a number of sites and is next to Victoria Station. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was less than satisfactory. The heat is steam and there was no control to turn it off. When I contacted the front desk I was told to just open the window. The room was over 85 degrees F. The ceiling fan made so much noise that it was of no use. In the morning there was no hot water to shower in. I was told they had a &quot;problem&quot; with the boiler, I guess they used all the hot water to heat the room.	
Jan 22 2007 	Absolute tip!	Honestly took my breath away - in a bad sense. Lobby was lovely and I thought, might just be OK. The room - 4 star? - honestly 1 star if that.Wallpaper hanging off wall - no air conditioning, broken tiles on floor of bathroom, screws missing from toilet seat, MASSIVE holes in the towels provided, massive mould on bedroom roof (Room 515 if the hotel wants to check), don't even THINK of staying here. 4 Star, yeah right!	
Jan 20 2007	Don't have breakfast	The location is very good for restaurants, the Victoria Palace Theatre and the river (London Eye) is about 20 minutes walk.The room was average, with damaged wallpaper. There was a ceiling fan but we couldn't get it to work. The bathroom was rather water damaged with a filthy net curtain. We stayed three nights and discovered we had no hot water between 7.30am - 9.00am each morning. I advise you bathe at night, just in case.Victoria Station can be accessed by a door opposite reception, signposted to the cash machine. Don't have the breakfast (at just under £18). You can do better in Victoria Station at Wetherspoons £1.50p for a full English in pleasant surroundings, the tea was only 99p.We paid £127 per night and would go again because of the location.	
Jan 18 2007	Victoria Thistle Hotel	Hotel rooms are dated and require new furnishing and lighting I stayed in room 747 on the 7th floor. Wall paper is hanging off the walls, the curtains are dirty and overall I would never return.	
Jan 15 2007 	A hotel clearly living on it's laurels	We stayed here on the weekend of 13 Jan for one night in a family room. Plus points is the absolute convenience of the hotel to Victoria Station (has a dedicated entrance off the main concourse), the family room that we had sported three proper beds (rather than two and a sofa bed), there's plenty of cheap places to get meals whenever you arrive because of its proximity to the stationThe reception area is very resplendent and check-in was smooth. However our room was in the &quot;wing&quot; which meant taking a lift up the main building, walking down a very long dark corridor across a landing into the &quot;wing&quot; and then taking another lift to our floor. This second lift was extremely small and I would not have liked to have been in a hurry or when many other guests were also trying to use the lifts!Our room on the 7th floor looked over the station roof but the sound of the station announcements were barely audible. The room was extremely tired and whilst was clean the bathroom was not impressive and had signs of water damage. The beds were extremely soft (and therefore not that comfy) and duvets were not of superior quality (esp for the hotel's 3* status)We didn't order any food in the hotel, mainly because of the cost, esp room service which I wouldn't guarantee how hot it would be by the time it reached us!There are better hotels in London at a cheaper rate.	
Jan 3 2007 	Not 4 star accommodation!	We stayed in a family room over New Year. The hotel is tired and in desperate need of repair. The corridors can be dim and dreary and in paces smell dusty and stale. Our family room was clean but again needed to be refurbished - old chipped paintwork and wall paper, tired bathroom. The rooms are big and comfortable but the windows are draughty and some noise is apparent.This is a grand building but it needs some money spending on it. The location is great and it is only 15 minutes walk to Parliament and the embankment. Being at Victoria, transport links are brilliant. There are plenty of places to eat nearby.On the plus side, the staff are polite and attentive and room service although pricey, was quick. The food was of good quality.Would I say again - probably not. I have stayed at other 4 star hotels in central London which offer better standards of accommodation.	
Dec 27 2006 	We loved it !	My 20-yr-old daughter and I stayed here for Christmas (4 nights)and after reading several reviews on this site I feel compelled to add my positive comments on this hotel. We were treated very kindly at all times-- friendly staff, clean rooms, and best of all because nothing runs on Christms day or Boxing day (Dec 26), we were able to walk to Victoria Station to catch the coach to Gatwick at 5:30 am! This hotel is very centrally located and we could walk to tourist points easily. I suggest ear plugs for sleeping because you can hear the announcements from the train stations starting early in the morning. My daughter was pleasantly surprised to find a lovely Christmas stocking filled with candy and fruit and nuts on her bed when we returned from a fab tourist day on Christmas Eve. Yes, the hotel is old but that's the whole charm. No, our room was not tiny and no, our room including the bathroom, was not run down. Since we are displaced Americans living a long time in Nice, France we are more used to the size of hotel rooms in Europe. We loved our stay in London for Christmas and would return here again.	
Dec 4 2006 	Really Pleased	Booked this hotel through a package which included theatre tickets - read a few reviews on this site and started to get really worried....got there and i was very very pleasantly surprised! It's a beautiful building with extremely friendly staff who are more than happy to cater for any of your wants and needs. Got to our room which was fine, was quite basic but clean and had everything we needed! Breakfast was superb and the staff were all extremely helpful. Was so close to Victoria Station, it made if great for visiting and sightseeing and there were plenty of bars, clubs and restaurants a small distance away.We WILL be visiting again!	
Nov 29 2006 	Faded glory	Initial impressions were quite promising....BUT... It has a very small check in area so took some time to check in. Once beyond the lifts you get to see the &quot;real&quot; hotel. Long dreary corridors, poorly decorated, shabby decor and in much need of decoration. However, the corridors were positively plush compared to the horrors awaiting me when I entered my room. It was decorated in a dull brown colour with a double bed squeezed into a single sized room. It was impossible to maneouvre cases/bags around and impossible to sit at the desk to work.The shower was rubbish and I know that I will not be booking here again. There are far better places to stay for the money..believe me!	
Nov 20 2006 	Not as bad as expected.	Just returned from a stay at the Thistle Victoria and I had tried to upgrade our rooms after reading reviews on this site. I had booked two standard double rooms and after reading here of how dire some of the rooms could be, i thought that if I upgraded we would be alright.We were unable to get upgrades as the hotel was fully booked, but when I saw the rooms they were fine anyway.The only fault was that they were a little on the small side but they were clean. The carpet was not threadbare and the wallpaper was not peeling off as I had half expected from some of these reviews. The bathroom was clean although the shower was the type which runs from over the bath.The room was quiet and we managed to sleep well. There was double glazing which kept out any noise from outside. Air conditioning and heating were controlled within the room.All the staff who we had contact with were helpful.The breakfast was good although some people had to stand in line to get into the dining room. We were there early and didn't have a problem.This hotel is fine for the price we paid (£81) per night per room and I would stay there again.	
Nov 14 2006 	Choose elsewhere!	I stayed here for business on 13 November 2006. Cost was £162 per night for a standard double, mid week, without breakfast.LocationThe hotel is on Buckingham Palace Road, right next to the Railway Station (Victoria). Location wise it is therefore good for the station and some tourist sites (like the palace) but not for being in the centre of things like Covent Garden, which is a nicer area to stay. I was there for a conference so had little alternative.First impressionsThe hotel has a nice entrance lobby and friendly door/concierge staff. When you're inside it feels a like a conference type hotel, which is what it seems to be.The concierge was also very efficient, which wasn't true of the check in staff, who seems to have a problem with bookings made on company credit cards which were thereby to be billed back to the company rather than paid for on departure by the guest (I wasn't the only one with this problem). Of course, I'm sure they wouldn't have hestitated to charge the company card for the guarantee if I hadn't turned up!Food There is a Chez Gerard restaurant attached which does decent fare. As you are &quot;at&quot; Victoria, there is a direct access to the station concourse and the range of quick eateries there (Yo Sushi, McDonalds and others) if you fancy that instead. Room service was effiecient, and breakfast wasn't bad.RoomsI stayed in a standard double on the second floor. The bad news : Whilst the rooms are an average size, the decor is a bit tired (80's chinz in many places). My room had what looked like damp patches or leak spots on the ceiling the colour of tea stain. It also got a bit warm, and there is no aircon- just an antiquated ceiling fan which made an awful scraping sound when switched on (i.e. you aint going to sleep!)The bed was poor - the matress had a very discernable &quot;roll inwards&quot; and was clearly well used and old. Pillows were also old and a bit lumpy.There were tea and coffee making facilities, but no milk and I had to ask for that especially. The TV was also a small portable attached to a stand.Internet usage was available, but at an extortionate rate of something like 50p per minute. The good : The rooms are nice and quiet, and although the hotel is on a major road artery, the curtains are thick enough to completely black out the very bright street lights outside.The bathrooms are , by comparison a good size and are laid out well (though in my room, it was up 2 steps from the bedroom), with the usual free toiletries. They are starting to show wear too though, like cracks in the sink basin. There also seemed to be a problem getting hot water in the morning it took a good 4-5 minutes of the shower going full blast before it got warm - suggesting to me that the heating system wasn't up to scratch for the size of hotel.Overall : Ok for a night, but there are lots of better (and cheaper) hotels in London whether as a tourist or a business traveller. This hotel shows the faded grandeur of an old Railway Hotel. For the cost, it was pretty poor.	
Nov 5 2006 	Very poor rooms and attiitude	I have just returned from a very disappointing stay at the Thistle Victoria booked through AboutRooms.com. Ltd. I booked 3 rooms for 6 guests at £186 per room per night. We were allocated rooms on the seventh floor which were of an unbelievably poor standard. A tiny room with the double bed against the wall making access difficult. VERY dirty wallpaper peeling off walls throughout, the base of the bed dirty and torn. Poor furniture with drawer front missing. threadbare carpets throughout the area, which we considered dangerous on the stairs. We were re-allocated rooms on the second floor. Our guests were twice allocated rooms already occupied. On the second day exhausted we went to our rooms at 15.45hrs and the room had not been cleaned. At 23.00 hrs we returned from the theatre to find our security number had been changed and we could not get into the room. Having walked down to reception AGAIN, I asked to see the Duty Manager to explain the problems we had during our stay and he thought it amusing. Although I have stayed in this hotel several times over a period of 30 years, we will not be stopping here again.You need to be a lot younger than us to be fit enough for all the re-location and visits to reception that we had to make.	
Nov 1 2006 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in!	This was just a one night stay in London preceeding my main trip to Canada. I booked what I thought was a lovely railway hotel situated in Victoria Station (easy access to London Gatwick). The lobby was reasonable enough with the usual refurbished victorian features that are plentiful in these type of London hotels.Check-in was quick and very easy. We made our way upstairs using the small and cramped elevator. Arriving on our floor, we left behind the semi-splendour of the lobby for dirty, grotty corridors. The myriad of corridors were confusing enough without much in the ways of signposting. The walls were a depressingly dank tangerine and the curtains were full of dust and looked in an awful state of repair.Getting into our room, the situation did not improve. As we entered we realised that the room was smaller than the average London room. The bed was hard and was terribly unfortable. The window was able to be opened for about 6 inches but this was not good as the gas fired central heating was switched on despite it being a warm night and individual radiators in rooms ould not be switched off. I couldn't combat this with air conditioning because there wasn't any! Needless to say I had a night without very much sleep in a terribly hot and cramped room. The bathroom was filthy. The smell engrossing the bathroom was overpowering and smelt of dirty and or blocked drains, it was thoroughly disguting.I would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone and I certainly will never stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 31 2006	cental location choose room carefully	This is a charming old Victorian pile, complete with threadbare carpeting on the stairs. Speaking of stairs, even with lifts, you may have to lug your luggage up or down stairs. Choose your room carefully. Standard single room is a truly minescule room with barely enough room for a single bed, no AC and a decent bathroom. You would be well advised to upgrade to a &quot;deluxe renovated room with AC&quot;. The room is still small by USA standards, no drawers to put anything inexcept the desk drawers and a tiny drawer in a nightstand. Bathroom and closet are a decent size. Individually controlled AC.Central location is a plus. It is attached to the Victoria Station.It has a decent restaurant. Breakfast can get crowded with long lines and the staff could not keep up with the crowd. Mail service was spotty so carefully check to make sure you have towels, TP, etc.	
Oct 30 2006 	Disgusting!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Thistle Victoria as I had a training course on the Saturday morning at The University of Westminster, and considering the close proximity to the Victoria Tube, booked it over the net.After a 3 hours motorway journey from Birmingham, we travelled around and around the ‘ring road’ trying to get near the hotel, it is extremely difficult to get near the hotel (typical London roads). We called the reception from our car to ask where we could park, after going around the ring road again looking for the NCP car park we called again, poor English and poor directions; we stumbled upon the nearest car park which is behind the coach station, a 20 minute walk! AND £32.00 for 24hours stay.When we dragged our case to the hotel, we were greeted with an amazing foyer, grand marble staircase and flooring, the works, check in was prompt and we were told, we were on the 7th floor of a wing.Up we went in an elevator, then along the corridor, the up another elevator and along another corridor. Finally after no help with the luggage, we arrived at our “room”. When we opened the door we were greeted with;Light switches that didn’t work, light bulbs that didn’t work, table lamp didn’t work, telephone socket hanging off the wall, electrical cables hanging all over the place, wire sticking out of the light fixings, wall paper peeling off the walls, blood on the shower curtain, mould growing around the bath, dirty net curtains, bed quashed into corner, no TV instructions £20.00 each breakfast with nowhere to eat it, telephone squashed into the bed head, and the coffee making facilities in the bottom draw of the TV cabinet. I also have suspicious bite marks on my arms (bed bugs?? Well the bed did look well worn!).We did however order our evening meal via room service, which was the 8oz steak, although both were supposed to be medium and one was well done, the meal was actually very nice (despite the price). Breakfast however was late, small and extremely over priced for the under cooked bacon and missing sausage, I suspect the porter got hungry on the trek between the kitchen and our room?!This is the most shocking, disgraceful room I have ever stayed in and they should be ashamed to provide a shoebox of rat’s cage as a hotel room.Don’t go unless you are prepared to pay hundreds of pounds for a suite, and even then I wouldn’t stay as the quality should be throughout, not just for the Rich and famous!	
Oct 22 2006 	disgraceful	My hsband and I stayed in this hotel for two nights prior to a four day trip to Paris.The hotel's public rooms are lovely and very impressive. Our room (211) however was a different matter.I have stayed in Thistle Hotels before but never again. The weather was very hot (30 degrees). The window had to be propped open with whatever we could find and let in no natural light at all because it was so dirty. The heavy curtains were falling to pieces.The carpets were dirty. The walls were dirty. The chair at the dressing table was threadbare and had its stuffing hanging out.The ceiling fan was horrendously noisy and unfortunately was the only method of ventilation. It was impossible to sleep with it on due to the noise and impossible to sleep with it off due to the heat!The bathroom tiles were broken and loose. Do not stay here!	
Oct 7 2006 	Location Location Location	We stayed 8 nights (ending October 5th). We booked flight and hotel through United Vacations and calculate the hotel portion was about $170 US a night - which apparently is pretty good for London. Although the hotel is ranked 4 star, this would appear to be more of a 2 start hotel in the US. The thing that would bring us back here is the location for sure. You cannot beat having the train/tube and bus immediately at hand - Victoria Station is on 3 tube lines - Circle/District/and Victoria. There is an entrance to Victoria Station just off the lobby. You can find everything you need in Victoria Station (transport/food/information/pharmacy). We had a standard double which faced Buckingham Palace Road. The bed was uncomfortable (leaned to one side) - but tolerable. The room was tiny by US standards (a little smaller than Red Roof Inn standard rooms), and had one chair and a dresser. The closet was hard to get at as the TV was in front of it. Everything was clean which is most important to me. The bathroom had a tub/shower which although small was adequate with immediate hot water and a powerful shower. I slept with earplugs the first 3 nights as the traffic on Buckingham Palace Road could be easily heard - the worst part being that there is a grate in the road immediately in front of the hotel that when hit by buses/taxis made the loud noise of a cutlery drawer slamming (which I must say was continual - hence the earplugs). After a downpour one night, our room ceiling sprang a leak and we were upgraded to a deluxe double which was a major improvement and was located overlooking Terminus Place (north side of hotel). The room had a safe that we used, better windows, a bigger bed (still not as comfortable as US Red Roof Inn beds), two chairs and a table, as well as a bigger dresser and TV, as well as much more room. Although we were not in the room a great deal, the two chairs were a welcome break on which to sit to read the morning paper, and enjoy evening tea in comfort. The bathroom was very bright and again, immediate hot water and excellent shower. The tub although narrow was very comfortable. This room had air conditioning, which we did use to keep the humidity down - a nice bonus. Recommendation - if you can afford it, they offer you an immediate upgrade to a Deluxe Double for 20 GBP/night - take it. The English breakfast was quite adequate with the same spread each day: fried eggs (never seen these on a buffet before - and quite good, scrambled eggs, a thick Canadian bacon, sausages, mushrooms, fried tomatoes, black pudding, hashbrowns. There is also a good selection of cereals, juices and fruit, as well as croissants, muffins, cheese and ham. The coffee was excellent and is delivered with toast. I would definitely stay here again. For the price and the location, I think it would be hard to beat. The staff speak English, but it is a second language for most of them - they predominantely seem to be continental European. However, they are helpful and will try to make you comfortable. If something is wrong, make sure you call the front desk as they will make it right. If you have to - call twice!	
Oct 5 2006 	nice hotel in london	i took trafalger tours london week in may 2003 - this is a very nice hotel - the concierge was very helpful - the only problem was the the room was not well heated - i had to request a supplemental heater - it was providedthe breakfat was goodi also had a problem which caused the bed to become dirty the first night there - the duty manager tried to charge me 136 pounds - (move than 200 us dollars) for a damaged mattress - i asked to be shown the damages - he said he would arrange it - later that afternoon, when he took me down to the basement to show me, the mattress had already been disposed of - the general manager decided not to charge me - while the problem was my fault, there is no telling what condition the mattress was in before i used it and the dmage was not intentional - it did not hurt one bit that it was booked through trafalger toursif i were to return to london, i might choose another hotel though, because i wouldn't want to be remembered because of the bed problemi am from san antonio texas	
Oct 2 2006 	Worked for us	After reading some of the reviews on this site, I was somewhat aprehensive about staying here, but was assured by our travel agent at AAA that if the hotel was truly awful, it would be made right. We booked it through Northwest Vacations at a rate of $700 for four nights.Fortunately, we didn't experience any of the problems that previous posters did. Our room was quite large (one king and one twin bed) and had plenty of room for the travel crib we had requested. The only real issue we had was that we had to ask twice for the crib to be delivered, the second time being later in the evening our first night there. However, it was brought to our room immediately after we spoke with housekeeping.The room itselft was okay, but not great. The carpet was new, but the furniture was quite worn and one of the desk drawers didn't work. We did have a mini refrigerator in the room, but it wasn't a mini bar. Fine with us, we just put our own drinks and snacks in there. The bathroom was functional and clean, but also in need of an update.Location is the main reason we chose this hotel. There is an entrance from the station leading directly to the hotel, although we did find it locked one night at 9pm and had to leave the station and enter from the street. Overall, this hotel worked for us but I do think it's hit or miss as to whether you get a room that's been remodeled. The carpet in the hallway by our room was very worn and even had duct tape holding the seams together in some places. I don't know that we'd stay here again, but I might take a chance on it if the price were right.	
Oct 1 2006 	Road Warriors it works; Tourists look elsewhere	There is really only one thing that recommends the Thistle Victoria, and that is that it is located at Victoria Station, so access to the Tube and Gatwick Express is the best it will ever be.&quot;Charming&quot; means old; so if you're looking for fancy, look elsewhere. The hotel has been nicely refurbished (it was built in Victorian times), so I don't mean it is not well maintained. But if you are expecting modern rooms and decor, you'll be disappointed.Rooms are comfortable, but not extravagant. Staff and service is OK. High-speed internet worked well. The views from the rooms are pretty industrial; but as there's no real vista to see anyway, don't blame the hotel for that.The morning breakfast is English and adequate. Other than that, the restaraunt should be avoided as the staff and management for any other meal than breakfast is absolutely clueless (getting waited on when there are more than twelve people in the room seems to take an order from the Queen herself; this is consistent with my experience on an earlier London business trip). Room service is good, however.This is a pretty good road warrior hotel because of its location and relatively decent pricing. I would definitely NOT stay here if this is a vacation trip or your first time to London (you'll probably not like the location). But if it's a business trip, and you just want a good basic hotel room with convenient location to the Tube and other transport, then it's not too bad.For my U.S. compatriots, think along the lines of Holiday Inn. Definitely not Hilton, Marriott or Sheraton.[For the record, my first hotel experience in London was the Thistle Tower (now Novotel), and it was extraordinary.]	
Sep 21 2006 	Truly awful	I came to London for work purposes during London fashion week, and this was one of the only hotels available. I paid almost £300 for a one night stay - not including breakfast - and it was an awful experience.The staff at reception were unhelpful and bordering on rude. My room was small and extremely basic. The window in my room did not close and I could hear all the transport announcements until 1am, and then starting again at 5am. The bed was comfortable though, if only I could have slept!The furniture did not match and was broken - the drawer on the dresser was completely smashed. The bathroom door had holes in it, and the bathroom was tiny and smelly.I would expect to pay about £50 for accomodation this bad - it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My advice would be to avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Sep 17 2006 	Quite charming	Having stayed in other Thistle hotels and read the reviews on this site I was not particularly looking forward to staying here. However it was London Fashion Week and it was about the only hotel in the area with rooms. The hotel is like an average three star, if you want luxury many other hotels in London offer that at prices to match. However, the hotel did exude a certain charm. The room I had was smallish with a single bed (Thistle must be one the only hotel chains to still offer single beds?). It was decorated in traditional style - patterned carpets, walls and curtains, all clean. It did have a huge bathroom with seperate bath and shower, and high ceilings. Also huge windows overlooking Victoria Station. Communal areas were also quite impressive, high victorian style. Breakfast was good. So overall not too shabby.	
Sep 8 2006 	Bed Bugs	I travel very often and stay usually at the Thistle Royal Horseguards (beautiful) or Charing Cross (convenient location for my work) so imagine my astonishment to wake up early Wednesday morning covered in bed bug bites !The room itself was in need of a coat of paint on the ceiling and the wall paper was peeling. The bathroom door handle was broken and there was a hole through the wall. The sheets on one of the single beds was bloody. The room did not contain the required fire exit map and information. All in all, not up to Thistle standards. I contacted NHS direct and the Public Health nurse about the bed bugs. This will be further reported to the Environmental Heath Officer for the area. The hotel immediately changed my room (although the first one they gave me was occupied...) but I am not convinced they will take any action on the bed bugs. They did not really believe me and claimed that their housekeeper could find nothing wrong with the room. They billed me fully for the experience.	
Sep 6 2006 	I've certainly seen better hotels in London for the same price	We booked a room for 3 nights at the Thistle Victoria hotel because it is very close to Victoria station and coming by train from Gatwick it seemed a nice place where to set our base. I must say that for a 4 star hotel it is not worth the money I paid. The room I slept in had the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen in a four star hotel (see my pictures) and even for a 3 or 2 star. The bath furniture looked old and dirty. The beds are very soft and in my opinion not very comfortable. The first night the maid completely forgot to leave clean towels in the room and we had to call reception. There is absolutely no air conditioning in the rooms. It was not warm outside when we were in London but the room was hot anyway. It must be an oven during summer. There is no safe in the room. If you want air conditioning and a safe you need to upgrade. Breakfast is ok with a large choice of food (English breakfast too) but nothing that makes you smile. I would not go back to this hotel.	
Aug 8 2006 	Beautiful building worn rooms	The public areas of the hotel are beautiful with lovely painted iron staircases, heavy draperies, mirrors, and marble. The entrance to the lobby gave the appearance of a more upscale establishment. Unfortunately, that grandeur wasn't shared with our room. The wallpaper had seen better days and none of the furniture matched - the bureau was missing a whole drawer. BUT, the room was big and very clean, the AC was great, the beds were comfortable, and the bath was normal size with hot water and a powerful shower.The underground location was very convenient - we easily got from place to place quickly. The comp breakfast was edible but nothing to write home about. Don't bother eating in the hotel unless you have to. You'd be better off grabbing something at Simply Food in the train station.	
Aug 7 2006 	Don't waste your money!	We arrived and were pleasantly surprised by the foyer, which is quite grand and stately. Thats where the pleasant surprises ended. Check-in took forever, since they were overbooked. We then found our room which was on the equivalent of floor 3 1/2, down several dingy hallways where the wallpaper was peeling and dirty in places, and the carpet was held down with duct tape. The room was tiny, and a twin instead of a double. The iron didn't work (very annoying since we both were in a hurry after slow check-in and needed to iron dress/shirt.) and it took 30 mins for them just to bring up another. There were BLOOD stains on the shower curtain! And no breakfast order forms for the door either. The only positive thing I could say about the room was that it was air-conditioned; but from the complaints we heard at the desk, not all of them are, and you shouldn't necessarily expect one even if you've asked for one.Rubbish service and bad rooms. Don't bother going there!	
Aug 1 2006 	Excellent location	Stayed at this hotel on business trip last week.. First room allocated was fine (deluxe double) - unfortunately I was unable to turn off shower necessitating call to concierge. Help appeared within minutes and I was allocated another room. Unfortunately this was not ready, so hotel staff moved my bags for me - room was upgraded to luxury double. Air con was a godsend. Very convenient location and was able to leave bags from late night shopping there all the following day, until departure for train station which is accessed from the hotel. Good breakfast choices and helpful staff - would definately stay here again.	
Jul 27 2006 	tired shabby and unbearably hot	The hotel is right in the middle of the Victoria bus (not coach), tube and railway station - in fact parts of the hotel have the main Victoria train lines running underneath them! I stay in London alot but this is the one area where I did not feel safe to be out alone. The rooms didn't have a safety chain either which is unusual these days and not very good for lone female travellers.I checked in for two nights and was offered a room upgrade for £30 per night to a room with air conditioning. The thought struck me that this was the hottest day of the year with temperatures over 30 degrees and this hotel was putting profit before the comfort of its customers - they clearly had air conditioned rooms available but preferred instead to allocate me a single room which was no bigger than a cupboard - with no air conditioning. The bathroom door opened into the room and you had to ease your way around the sink to sit on the toilet (with your feet resting in the shower tray!). The heat hit me when I opened the door. It was hotter inside than out! It was unbearable - the ceiling fan had no effect.The restaurant was unbearably hot too both in the evening and in the morning - the steaks were great but sadly the service was poor and the wine over priced.There are rooms in this hotel which have air conditioning but you need to pay a premium to get it. If you are booking then the more modern rooms (which are still very tired and shabby)are in the 'wing' not the main building. Good luck - I'd never stay there again!	
Jul 25 2006	Excellent Value in the Heart of London	The Thistle was the first London hotel I stayed in many moons ago, it was the Grosvenor Victoria then. I've been perplexed by the negative reviews I've seen on this site because it certainly doesn't match my experiences. I arrived at midday to find myself expected early as arranged and the room ready with an efficient check-in. OK, the decor wasn't the height of elegance, but the room was clean, comfortable and had air conditioning. It was also at the back, overlooking the station platforms, so it was quiet at night. The complimentary toiletries were decent too. Buffet breakfast (included) was excellent, cereals, fruit, juices, yogurst, croissants and pastries, continental (i.e. cheese, ham, etc.), full English grill and with good coffee and toast brought to the table.When I checked out, there was a large queue, but the Guest Relations Manager was there to pluck out anyone who wished to take advantage of the Express Checkout facility. She also assisted when I asked to leave my luggage ahead of my trip to Gatwick whilst lunching with a friend.The overnight stay cost the princely sum of £70.78 (booked through Total Stay - the original cost was £78.00, but when the summer price drops kicked in, they reimbursed me the £7 something). Considering the quality of breakfast alone this is astonishing value for a hotel right in the centre of town with tube and buses right outside and Victoria Station next door for those travelling further south and to Gatwick. Don't knock it till you've tried it!	
Jul 21 2006	Horrible Service	I would not recommend this hotel. The pictures look nice and it is nice....from the outside. It needs a major remodel and the service is terrible. They were rude and very slow. When we arrived, our room wasn't ready and it took hours to finally get a room. Every employee we encountered was unhelpful and some were just downright rude. The location is nice, but I would certainly look around before booking this place. If you do end up staying here, just don't have any expectations because they won't be met.	
Jul 13 2006 	sufficient	Overall a good hotel with perfect location - walking distance to major sites and conveniently located above the Victoria train station and underground.The room was clean and quiet. Had all necessities and service was efficient.It's showing somewhat it's age with the 'Shining' ambience but this was not a problem.	
Jul 6 2006	Great Location	We spent 6 nights at this hotel in May and found it to be quite adequate for our needs.Yes, some of the rooms are showing wear from many travellers enjoying the location, but I believe some of the rooms are going through an update (we unfortunately did not get one of these).The breakfast each day was more than enough to keep you going until late in the afternoon and the staff were very helpful when it was their peak hour.The location we found to be the best selling point, it was within walking distance to all London attractions (if you enjoy walking). The tourist buses also used this area as a collection point for tours you may book on.All in all a great area with value for money.	
Jun 12 2006	Pleasent Stay	We spent four nights in Thistle Victoria.It was a good and clean hotel. A magnificant location. Good breakfast (some tables are very low) and good service.The hotel is only at a small distance from Buckingham Palace. The nearby trains, coach station and underground were very practical to have nearby.The beds were large and nice. The room was quite big, light. The temperature could have been better, but it was alright enough. The luggage storage is adequate and trustworthy.Overall a very pleasant stay. We will certainly consider returning here.I do recommend this hotel.	
Jun 10 2006	Many of reviews are unfair Our experience was excellent	We stayed at the Thistle late April. After comments on Trip Adviser we were very worried by our choice. However we found it to be excellent. We had booked on line for a very good price &amp; opted for a 20 pound upgrade on arrival. We arrived at 8am and were able to have our room immediately. Large room, very clean, excellent breakfast,friendly &amp; helpful staff and wonderful access to Victoria as we were heading to Gatwick the next morning. I am writing this because our experience was so different to many of the reviews on this site.	
Jun 2 2006	A good deal we'd stay again.	Before choosing to stay at the Thistle Victoria, I had read past reports from this web site, tellng tales of woe and displeasure experienced while staying here. Throwing caution to the wind and deciding to not listen to the rants from individuals not known, we booked a room. I must report that we liked the place and most of the negative comments don't stand up well. It makes me wonder what the expectations were, for a reasonably priced hotel, conveniently located in a very pricey city. We found the staff to be friendy and courteous, the room tidy and although a bit small (for two people) fine, the location to public transportation ideal and within walking distance to many famous sites. Also, we found the full breakfast fare to be pretty good. Didn't try the dinner menu so I can't comment on it. The place is little bit time worn - mainly cosmetics - but who cares? It's a nice old building and the wear adds a bit of character. Afterall and remember, a guest isn't paying top London rates. My only complaint that carries any weight is that the beds (we were in two different rooms during our stay) needed new mattresses and the pillows had the consistency of flour sacks. But after being out all day and enjoying the city, a saggy mattress for 5 or 6 nights isn't my top concern. Remember, this is a reasonably priced hotel, not a 5-star. So go ahead and go. You'll probably experience the same sagging mattresses but if you can get past that, I think you will enjoy your stay. Beware the naysayer!	
May 30 2006	Friendly and welcoming hotel	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Thistle Victoria, and must admit that after reading some of the reviews, I was a little bit concerned about our choice of hotel. On arrival the staff were very friendly and extremeley helpful. The non smoking room was wonderful, but the smoking room was not of the same standard but still clean and comfortable. Breakfast was excellent, giving a wide range of foods to choose from. The hotels central stituation is great for the tube, trains and buses, with many of Londons famous landmarks within walking distance. All in all we really enjoyed our stay at the Thistle Victoria and will definatley be staying there again.	
May 9 2006	Lovely hotel - excellent breakfast	Excellent location direct access from Victoria Station. We requested an early check in when booking and when we arrived at 11am our room was ready. Lovely room if a bit of a walk from the lift. Nice and big and spacious. Bathroom was ok but could do with a bit of updating. Staff very friendly and helpful. Nice residents bar - pricey though. Breakfast in the morning was excellent. Huge choice of hot and cold all fresh. the one thing was we were early but at approx 9am on Saturday morning there was a queue to get a table in the restaurant for breakfast. Location excellent. I would defintely stay there again. Decor not to everyone's taste but very comfortable	
May 2 2006	Great Location	Just stayed at this hotel and it has the best location for those travelling from Gatwick airport it is just on top of the station and is within walking distance to all attractions. Rooms are quite good as well they need a bit of work on them but are comfortable enough. The breakfast is really good with alot of choice and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Will stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 29 2006	Convenient location	Got a room for 3 nights end April 2006 for my friend and I via the net for a very reasonable price months ahead. Afterwards I checked through quite some negative reviews on this site. Indeed, the Thistle Victoria is a very tired grand ol' lady and in dire need of a complete overhaul. However, the reception area and restaurants are alright. Although our room was only ready at 2.30, we had no problems checking in, personnel was courteous and pleasant, and the concierge properly locked away our luggage. The bedroom itself was OK, but the bathroom was below par, with cracked tiles, chipped paint, etc. Corridors look shabby. We never got our wake-up call either, so a good thing we had our own travel alarm clock, as otherwise one could miss the plane.The breakfast buffet in the morning was more than adequate, with smiling young personnel on duty, good coffee, fresh toast and enough choices to please all.So I would return there, if it were only for the location - next to the tube, railway station and buses. The coach station is also very nearby. Indeed an excellent location, and yet it is not noisy at all, probably because of the thick walls. Never heard a noise from other rooms either, which is an advantage.Bathrooms seem to be a problem in this city with so many old buildings; the only good ones we saw were at the Queens Gallery (also on walking distance from the hotel). We had a very good stay in London; it's a fabulous city for shopping, theatre, history and culture. Don't miss Notting Hill around Portobello road (best for the weekend markets), but even during the week there is lots to see; a quaint area. If you need to cram a lot of sightseeing in a short time I would recommend the full day-tour of Evan Evans; it's excellent and gives you good value. For half-price theatre tickets go to Leicester Square, but be sure to go to the main Half Price Ticket Booth on the same day you want to see a show. My friend was deceived by a small ticket booth some years prior.Wish you a good stay in London,Elly from Laval, Quebec, Canada	
Apr 25 2006	victoria thistle hotel	me and my 5 yr old daughter an my older sister just got back from a 10 day stay at the victoria thistle an i cant say enough about the hotel staff. they were kind and very helpful, couldnt do enough to make our stay an enjoyable one. the hotel itself may have seen better days but our room was clean and well stocked and couldnt have been more convienant, i would definately stay there again. the breakfast was included and was substantial and we were impressed by the vast quantity of choices available, and the hostess Lucy was simply wonderful to my daughter and never missed a chance to come over and speak with us, always giving my little girl a friendly hug goodbye. everyone working there was very eager to make our stay as wonderful as they could. coming from london myself i was greatly and pleasantly surprised. sincerely brenda newton	
Apr 8 2006	Convenient but terrible accomodations	April 7, 2006If convenience is your only criteria, this hotel, located at Victoria Station is an adequate choice, otherwise avoid it at all cost. The magnificent lobby will deceive you. The real shock is when you get to the room. We stayed in room 410 at a cost of about $200 per night. The carpet was completely worn out – painfully we stepped on some exposed carpet tacks going into the bathroom. The floor tiles were worn out and cracked in the bath - I felt a sharp object on my foot and discovered it was a chard of ceramic from the cracked tile. The room was very small with no in-room control for the heating system. The radiator heat stayed on constantly. Fortunately the window would raise about six inches and the room had a one speed ceiling fan which together brought the temperature down to a bearable level. The hair dryer did not work. Linen service was poor. We were issued washcloths on two of the five days of our stay. The beds were worn out and saggy as were the pillows. The television service offered few non-pay choices and the telephone service was expensive – a 90 second call to the US, charged on my credit card resulted in a 2.60 pound room charge. This once elegant hotel could be restored if Thistle would put millions into the project. Unless they do we suggest staying away.	
Apr 7 2006	Awful bed	We spent two nights at the Thistle Victoria. It is very convenient to the trains at Victoria Station and the buses around the corner. The hotel itself is a very faded, dusty Victorian with no glamor left.Upon arrival, reception was snotty and uppity and the staff was nearly useless with baggage. I am a senior citizen and use a cane and was forced to drag my bag up and down the stairs to the street without any assistance. There is no elevator service to the street level either on the street side or within Victoria Station.I was told that the cost to hook up my laptop to the internet was £15/24 hours; that is far beyond reasonable. The worst part of our stay was the cheap, aged mattress; just turning over, we hit wood under the mattress. We travel a great deal around the world and this had to be one of the worst mattresses we ever slept on. When I mentioned this to reception, I was told that our room was slated for refurbishing. That is no excuse.	
Mar 7 2006	Great hen weekend!	We booked in the thistle victoria for 2 nights including breakfast. There were 22 of us on a hen weekend. We booked with Highlife as a package deal to include a theatre trip to see Billy Elliot. Having read some reviews beforehand we were dubious! After contacting the hotel we were upgraded, nothing was too much trouble. When we arrived we were met politely, check in was efficient. The hotel has a lovely entrance with sweeping staircase and balcony. Most of us were in rooms 400's or 500's. These were clean and warm, if a little tired and worn. The corridors were shabby and in need of decoration. The breakfast was lovely with ample choice. Staff were helpful and curteous. There is a pleasant bar area and a spacious coffee lounge.This hotel is quite central and next to victoria station. All in all I would visit again as I felt we were looked after well.	
Mar 5 2006	Hotel is Fine	NOT THAT BAD...Surprised at such negative reviews and glad I hadn't read them before visiting the hotel. The staff were most helpful and the accommodation was fine. Yes, the wallpaper is tatty and some redecoration is needed, but this is more than compensated for by the excellent situation of the hotel and the bargain price we paid to stay there. The restaurant was excellent, especially for dinner. The room was fine and was clean and tidy.	
Feb 21 2006	Wouldn't bother	I stayed here with my daughter overnight as we were going to a party near by. As been said before the exterior and the lobby are very nice. Checking in was very very slow. Once you get out of the lift, you can see everything is a little shabby. We stepped into our room and it was like a sauna. I couldn't open the windows and the radiators wouldn't turn down.I complained and they said we could move, but we didn't have time beofre we went out. So we had to get ready in the awful heat. The sink didn't drain properly either.When we returned we packed our stuff and had to return to reception to get our room changed. This room was cooler, but was tiny and looked ove rthe back of the hotel which was very noisy all night.Also in the morning found the hairdrier had been broken off the wall, after I had washed my hair.	
Feb 17 2006	Looks can be decieving!!!	On the outside the Thistle Victoria looks like a lovely and impressive hotel. When you walk into the lobby that feeling continues. Then you meet the staff. Not the most helpful of people, they don't even know the names of the restaurants within their own hotel. Then you go up to your room. That is when you find out that they spend all of the their money on the exterior and ZERO on the rooms. Very tiny, very dingy, everything is old and out of date. The only good thing id location. Location is terrific for touring downtown London, otherwise this hotel is a rip off! We thank god did not pay racj rate otherwise this review would have had allot more venom!	
Feb 17 2006 	Avoid at all costs	I stayed here on business in January. Whilst the public areas of the hotel are quite smart, the bedrooms are dirty and in need of renovation. The reception staff were rude and unhelpful. This hotel is most certainly not of a 4 star standard and not somewhere that I would return to.	
Feb 17 2006 	tired and worn	I booked a double room for single occupancy after being put in a tiny single room at this hotel previously. So why do they give me a twin room with two single beds? Ok, the room is bigger, but it;s still a single bed!The corridors are tatty with peeling paint and the room needs an overhaul - windows don't close properly, armchair is threadbare with stuffing poking out and sink in bathroom doesn't drain properly.The breakfast it ok and staff are pleasnat enough.Location is the only reason I come back to this hotel.	
Feb 13 2006	Worn out Thistle Victoria	Not worth the money,place is worn out and staff is very rude. Took forever to check in and then only one of the two rooms we had booked was ready.	
Feb 11 2006 	Disappointing	I used the hotel on a business trip and had to stay at the same hotel as my friends. The hotel was recommended to us by someone else and we gave it a go due to the location close to the station.The first impression of the hotell was good due to a nice lobby. Check-In took ages though and I ended up with a room at the third floor. The corridors were ok, but even before I entered the room I got a bad feeling. The door was very scratched and battered and unfortunately followed the style of the room. The room itself was big and the beds were nice, but it smelled of tobacco and was very hot. After some struggeling with the old window I got some fresh air in, but the window faced the station-area with plenty of noise.The bathroom was very small and worn and was not very clean either. We had got a special deal with the hotel with £89 per night but breakfast not included. Continental breakfast was £11, english was £14. I had continental breakfast and it was ok, but nothing to write home about. The staff was helpful, though. When we checked out we got a surprise: the £89 offer was only for the first night, we were charged £120 a night for the remaining nights. All-in-all it was a disappointing visit. I know that we didn't pay full price but the hotel was very, very worn with disappointing rooms. I would think about it twice before staying here again despite the location.	
Feb 7 2006	Not as bad as some say	Met up with a friend in London for one Saturday night in January. Although the hotel is not somewhere you would take someone to impress them, I did not think it was quite as bad as some people are saying.You have to remember that this is a reletively inexpensive hotel and you get what you pay for!Our room was not great, but it was clean and tidy and the staff were all very helpfull. Great location and easy transport links to anywhere you would want to go.	
Jan 12 2006	WORN OUT!	We stayed at the London Thistle Victoria over Christmas 2005. This hotel is BADLY in need of remodeling. The lobby and restaurant are nice. Breakfast was very good. But I would not stay here again. The only thing going for it is that it is attached to Victoria Station.	
Nov 30 2005 	Yuck	This was my first trip to London. The room was small and the internet connection did not work. They tried to fix it but to no avail. The bed had a headboard, which actually turned out to be a padded piece of cloth which was nailed to the wall, not connected to the bed. Hence, if you moved too much in yur sleep, the headboard would fall off the wall. Not what I expected. The location is convinient, within walking distance of all major sites on the westside of London, i.e Big Ben, Westminister Abbey, Buckingham Palace, but if you can find better, please do. Maybe it was just the room i was staying in???	
Nov 25 2005	What a tip	Dingy room, radiator didn't work, no spare blanket - awful!	
Nov 24 2005 	Gee Wiz	The room was extremely cramped, beds bent in the middle causing unavoidable discomfort. No hot water for three nights of stay. No water at certain times. No driking water provided. Cell phone stolen from room. All areas of the hotel are extremely dirty. Management could offer no solutions. Guest Relations could offer no solutions. We paid over 200 pounds per night, but had no other choice because all hotels were fully booked by then. We made our reservations two weeks prior and the water problem had been occuring for three weeks (as informed by a front desk staff member). I called central reservations the first evening and they said they were unaware of any water problems. They also said there were no other rooms or hotels nearby available.Throughout all my travels during the past 8 years...I have never had such a poor experience.	
Nov 18 2005	Oh dear	As an international traveller I have stayed in many hotels but none as bad as this. It purports to be a 4-star hotel but the inspector must have reviewed another hotel by mistake. There was no hot water for 36 hours, a shower that didn’t work, a room that was tatty and small, a bathroom that wasn’t properly cleaned, a half hour check in service and a chaotic check out service – they couldn't even manage to print off my bill.The only reason you should stay in this hotel is if there are no rooms available anywhere else in London.	
Nov 8 2005	great hotel	great hotel, a little shabby here and there but just added to the charm. the staff were all friendly. No hairdryer in my room and i requested one from housekeeping and they turned up with a hairdryer and an ironing board (?) but the next day when they cleaned the room they had removed the hair dryer again. We were there from the 28th sept 2005 to the 2nd oct 2005. could walk to harrods and buckingham palace from there and the train station is right next to the hotel. we caught the trains to the west end for the lion king etc and had no problems.	
Oct 24 2005 	What I Paid For...And Nothing More	I start by saying that I did only pay a minimal last minute rate. However, I got a narrow single room with a view of the station roof, so not a room they could ever justify charging rack rate for.I guess I was disappointed as I was hoping to lounge around on the Saturday morning after a late night before checking out. This room was unappealing and when I discovered there was not even a flex for the kettle, I just packed and checked out.Overall it looks like a hotel that was once grand but is now rather jaded. Even for another bargain rate, I wouldn't stay again.	
Oct 21 2005	Old Poor service Very Poor hotel	Very poor hotels.Agree with guy below.Wanted to complain but the heart had been sucked out of me and the staff wouldnt care anyway. No good points about the hotel but the thistle central reservations team were great at midnight on a thursday night booking for that night.	
Oct 21 2005	Superior Room Very Adequate	We stayed at the Thistle Victoria October 11, 12, 13, 2005 and were very pleased with our room which was 543 (when we checked in they said it was a superior room). It had air conditioning which we did use even in October. We booked a British Airways flight which included 2 nights at various hotels in London. We chose Thistle Victoria and paid for the 3rd night. The room was small but very clean. The beds very comfortable. It also had a water pot with coffee, tea and hot chocolate in the room which we enjoyed. The room included contintental breakfast which included eggs, meat, toast, fruit, yogurt, cheese and coffee or tea.The location was ideal for us as we were using the National Express to travel around England and the central bus station was a couple of blocks away. While in London we used the underground and found the Victoria Station very convenient to the hotel. We would stay at the Thislte Victoria again.	
Oct 16 2005 	prickly poor and out of steam	Built in 1861 and rebuilt 1908 this is a grand hotel from the great age of steam. Thistle can't be kidding any one any more that their's is a luxury brand. They buy these old palaces and run them into the ground. I usually avoid the chain but I got a one-night deal &quot;last minute&quot; where they don't tell you where you're going till you've committed your booking. Advertised as four stars, with admittedly a very fine restaurant attached this place is tired and shabby. It also suffers from the dreaded 80's and 90's style signatures of overstuffed and overblown soft furnishings that are visibly grimy &amp; holding on to every speck of dust in London. The bathroom fixtures were grimy and limescaled with clear evidence of previous occupants. From what I saw of the cleaning staff I thought they were working hard - just fighting a losing battle. Checking in was such a long wait and I was too tired to try complaining. If you are placed in the annex where you may think you are getting a bargain at £90/night compared to £169/rack you are not. You will have a long walk through a maze to your disappointment. My bed was a double so overdue for replacement that the mattress had a back breaking ridge down the middle - and with no climate control I froze through a sleepless night. Avoid this place at all costs.	
Oct 15 2005	It was OK but very tired	I stayed here for 2 nights on a shopping trip. The location is brilliant, right on Victoria Station with the underground, buses and trains on your doorstep. Safe but busy area of London - I was a woman travelling alone and never felt worried. The lobby of the hotel is very grand and ornate and I suspect that once upon a time this was a very grand hotel but the rooms are now very tired and desperately in need of a refurbishment. The bed was clean, there were a few stains on the carpet, the bathroom was clean, good toiletries, good shower pressure and lots of hot water. The downside in the bathroom were cracked tiles on the floors and a very rusty shower rail - but if you can see past this it was fine and clean. There were tea and coffee making facilities in the room (always a bonus!) There were no queues for check in when I arrived on a Thursday afternoon and within about 5 minutes of entering the hotel, I was in my room - very pleasant check in staff. But I did notice long queues for check-in as I went out of the hotel at other times. All in all, the hotel was OK - tired, shabby and in need of a lot of money being spent on it but I would stay here again if I got a good price. I would be happy to give anyone further info if they want to contact me.	
Oct 10 2005 	Horrendous	Horrendous, stayed for 2 nights on business and had what looked like baby cockroaches in bed with me! When I complained about this and asked to change rooms no-one seemed surprised!! Don't stay here.	
Sep 18 2005	Needs a lot of money spending on it !	This pricey hotel needs a complete overhaul. 2 small lifts carry passengers when you can get one to long floors of worn carpets faded curtains and chiped paintwork, before you get to your room. My room was clean but shabby the view from the dirty window looked out onto a bus station the noise woke me early in the morning and was quite noisly at night. Food at Chez Gerrard was good room service average, staff nice but sevice slow . Poor value for money and I wont be rushing back. Shame as the location is good.	
Aug 27 2005	Its sufficient	I read the reviews of the Thistle Victoria before I left for London and was afraid I had made a mistake booking there. I have to say I was pleasantly surprized. The outside of the hotel and the common rooms are beautiful. Victorian at its finest. The reason I stayed at the Victoria is because I was traveling with two teens and it was one of few hotels that would do a triple room. We stayed in what they call a &quot;family room&quot; and it worked out great. The room was quite large especially by european standards. The room was spotlessly clean but a little tired. In a way it suits the atmosphere though - almost like staying at your grandmothers old house where the carpet had been there a bit too long but no way was it being replaced. It could use a fresh coat of paint but the beds were comfortable. The bedding is clean - one of my pet peeves when travelling is stains on the sheets! The shower had no mold/ mildew and the water was hot. The concierge bends over backwards to help and the staff is always accomodating. The continental breakfast was more than adequate - bagels, croissants, muffins, cereals, fruit, yogart etc. With London prices its a nice bonus to have a quick &quot;free&quot; breakfast before you go off. There is so much to do in London that we were on our way by 8 am and not back in the room until after 9 pm each day. As a place to collapse at the end of the day and keep our things it was fine. I felt very safe even walking around in the area at night. The location is great. You can walk to buckingham palace, westminster abby, parliment , Trafalger Square, The London eye and much more. Victoria Station is right there so the tube is at your door. And if you fly into Gatwick there is a direct train from Gatwick to Victoria Station so you dont need hotel transport. It is in an active part of the city so there is noise. If you want to sleep until noon or want a deluxe luxury hotel I would stay in Hyde Park. I would stay at the Victoria again for the sheer convenience.	
Aug 11 2005	Room was fine and hotel was very convenient to everything	We were in London for only two days and jet-lagged for one of the days.Our room was just fine for a London room...clean, well-equipped and pleasantly decorated. The staff was very cooperative and unobtrusive.We appreciated its convenient location very much since we had so little time for sight-seeing.For food we lunched in pubs and at night we used the Marks &amp; Spencer takeout in Victoria Station (right near the station entrance to the hotel). Prices were reasonable and their salads were wonderful.On making the reservation, I joked with the clerk about the discrepancy in reviews and asked to be given the room of people who loved the place. She laughed and promised that she would. While checking out, I promised to write a review that reflected MY experience and that of my traveling companion.We were both very pleased....wonderful old glitzy lobby, nice room, and--above all--the convenience of the location. We caught the Gatwick Express, got off at Victoria station, and were only steps away from the hotel entrance.l	
Jul 25 2005 	Don't bother !	Stayed here in a single room for one night in July and will not return in the future. The room was small and pokey, the bed right up against the wall. The carpet was threadbare and there were cracks in the tiles on the bathroom floor. Very noisy and did not sleep a wink. Can't comment on breakfast - I did not bother.	
Jul 25 2005	Simply great	Stayed at the Thistle Victoria for eight nights during July 2005. We had a family room no.544 with a double, a single and a foldaway bed. The foyer of the hotel is incredible, reminiscent of its Victorian origin. The check-in was speedy. The room was very spacious with comfortable beds, clean linen and a spotless spacious bathroom. Towels were really soft and in good supply.Continental breakfast was adequate with bread, ham, cheese, crossaints, low fat bio-yogurt, mixed fruit salad, melon slices, oranges and pineapple chunks. Orange juice, apple juice, milk, cereals, tea, coffee and toast completed the selection. An optional cooked English breakfast was also available. Breakfast was served in a spacious dining room with background classical music. Breakfast staff were generally helpful and speedy.The hotel's location is ideal, situated ontop Victoria Station. Gatwick Express is just a few steps away with a direct entrance to the hotel. The concierge even carried our luggages back to Gatwick Express on our way out. We were allowed a late check out at 10GBP per hour, as our flight left at 2300hrs.All in all, the Thistle Victoria was a good deal, value for money and in a perfect central location. Would definitely recommend.	
Jul 15 2005	Absolutely hated the Victoria Thistle - expensive scammers	We were told this was a modern, 4 star hotel - but it certainly wasn't that. It was this old dusty building with the wallpaper falling off, long queues at reception all the time, and just an expensive nightmare.We had to book at the last minute here due to a flight cancellation and gee we wished we hadn't. We had stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel around the corner the previous 4 nights and loved it, but unfortunately they were booked up for the extra 2 nights we needed in London. I would recommend you try to go there (Victoria Park Plaza) before even remotely considering the Thistle. It has the same great location, but better for everything else.The Thistle was expensive, and they scam you in to upgrading rooms as the (supposedly superior) rooms are pretty bad. They made us pay GBP20 extra just to get an air conditioned room, but a pokey double bed pushed up to a wall. We must have heard at least 3 other guests having the same problems and getting the same 'upgrade' line. They then said the 1st night room was no longer avail and wanted GBP40 to get the next room up. Per another review here this Executive room was not too bad, but the bed was aweful - hard springs pushing into your back. To top it the shower didn't work on the early morning of our departure and so by the time they messed around to get another room (on another floor) it was pointless as we would have missed our flights. They offerred not to charge us the GBP20 upgrade for that night (Oh so generous!!! &lt;not&gt;), but then when checking our Credit Card statement on our return home found they charged us anyway and so we're now going through the process to dispute the transaction. (Joy joy joy).I hope you never have to endure the Thistle Victoria.	
Jun 3 2005	not complaining	booked 2 rooms for 3 nights...both in the newer wing which is perhaps the best place to be...and we were upgraded with one of the rooms. first impressions were a bit like 'oh sh**, this isnt as good as I expected'. however, this wasnt really justified. ok, so the hotel needs decorating in some places, but that's the only fault with the hotel that we found. our rooms were exceptionally clean and adequate for taking 2 children along with us. this is the sort of hotel where it's not too posh if you're taking kids, but nice and relaxing, with no real airs and graces. the service was great and the hotel is in an idea position for the tube and bus. oh, and the lobby is very impressiveand the staff are friendly. this hotel might not be some people's idea of a 4 star hotel, but it's far better than any travelodge etc that I've stayed in, and only slightly more expensive. I'd stay there again.	
May 28 2005	A Good Hotel	We stayed only 1 night at Thistle Victoria because of it's fantastic location at Victoria Station. It was our last night in the UK so I thought being just a few steps from the Gatwick Express would be a plus. The hotel is extremely old and the lobby was very grand. The desk staff were very quick and friendly. The room we had overlooked the bus station in front of Victoria. There was a lot of noise from traffic which caused us to need an extra sleep aid that night. The room was a good size but needed redecorating. It seemed fairly clean, but the age of the building and the decorating made it seem dingy. If you're only staying for a short time and location is important to you, then I would recommend this hotel. Otherwise, I would suggest looking elsewhere. There are probably better rooms available, but since we were only staying 1 night, we didn't ask.	
May 25 2005	Good Location but make sure you get the Executive Rooms	The thing to keep in mind about this property is to definitely pay extra for the &quot;executive level rooms&quot;. They were very large and offered A/C. The views were not that good and were located far from the main lobby but we were extemely pleased with the size and quality of the room. The public areas including the lobby are not A/C as well as standard rooms. The attached restaurant was extremely overpriced, rude and slow. The reception staff were very pleasant. Also, the location at the Victoria Train Station was convient and provided great late-night dining with many restaurants in the station's food court.	
May 20 2005	Take your own water!!!	I stayed there on 25th January this year. Room was very small and could have done with decorating but thank goodness it was next to Victoria Station. When I woke up on morning of 26th, there was no water for either washing or to flush the toilet. Kept ringing reception who said it'll be back in half an hour. I got fed up waiting so went for breakfast where there didn't seem to be a problem with water. When I went back to my room, unwashed and teeth not brushed, the water was still off so I asked for a bottle of water as I needed to get ready for a business meeting and I was already running later than I wanted to be. However, I was refused and had to go next door to Marks and Spencers to buy water to brush my teeth and wash. This wasn't refunded and when I first complained, they ignored my email and when I complained the second time, I was just fobbed off with excuses.If you have to stay there, take your own water but better still, don't bother. There are plenty of other hotels who actually do care about their customers!	
May 7 2005 	I wouldn't stay here again	We stayed here for one night because it was close to the Victoria Palace Theatre - which it is. It is also good for transport links but that is really the end of the postives. We had a room booked through Laterooms which gave us a reduced rate but it was still overpriced. Peeling wallpaper, scruffy carpet, blocked sink plug, stained bathroom, lumpy bed, broken tiles in the bathroom. I don't understand why Thistle are happy to promote this hotel under their brand. It's doing them no favours as I would not now stay in another Thistle hotel unless it were brand new or I had already checked it out.The staff were doing their best and were very pleasant and the breakfast was generous but the management need to know that is not enough when people are paying good money.	
May 1 2005	Great Location	Great Location. That's all. Reserved and paid for&quot;Superior Room&quot; though American Airlines travel package and was told that wasn't the resevervsation that was made for me and &quot;it happens all the time.&quot; Toilet was plugged. When is was still plugged after we were out all day, I was told &quot;Why didn't I request a room change&quot; when I called again. Upon check out they claimed I owed 50 pounds for 2 overseas phone calls (Maybe five minutes total) and 3 toll free calls. They couldn't produce a copy of the bill because the &quot;printer was down&quot; and promised to mail me one. Never showed and my e-mail looking for a copy has been ignored.I'd pay more to stay somewhere else next time.	
Apr 28 2005 	Faded Glory	Stayed in a single room while on business travel. Once grand hotel probably hasn't seen renovation in a few decades. Peeling wallpaper, chipped paint, scuffed walls, etc.Room was small, not much closet space to speak of. Tiny bathroom/shower. Soft and lumpy bed, worn linens.Breakfast was included, and had a good variety of items, but it wasn't very well cooked.Overall, an ok place to spend the night. Price isn't too steep and the location is very convenient.	
Apr 9 2005 	Hmmmmm.....	this is supposed to be 4 star hotel - but more like 2 star for anywhere else ive stayed - old, in need of renovation, no minibar-fridge even - 4 star? i dont think so... handly for transport hubs but that's it's only redeeming feature...	
Mar 12 2005	Great Location but check out rooms	The location was wonderful, close to popular tourist spots, convenient to train station. We asked for a room in the renovated area, away from the train announcements. When we checked in, we received a room that was just the opposite of what we asked for, and it did not have internet access. The staff was nice, and gave us the option of several different rooms. All in all, it took us about 3 hours to check in - 1.5 hours to wait for something available and another 1.5 hours to get the room that we wanted.Additionally, there were 3 false fire alarms, including one at around 1am - all guests had to evacuate in the cold, early morning. No fault of the hotel I guess, but 3 times within 3 days?The location made up for all of the inconvenience. The room was okay, not great, just average for a European hotel. I would stay again, but am now prepared for a room relocation right off the bat.	
Feb 24 2005	Fabulous Location!	We stayed for six nights. The room was a superior double (room #366) in the wing. It was renovated, had high speed internet, large television, desk, table, and two chairs. The drawback was the six inch deep closet and no drawer space. The room was in excellent shape and linens were acceptable. We were allowed to check in early. Staff quickly brought a new hairdryer when the one provided did not work. Shower got to a very hot temp- just as we like it. Being literally on top of Victoria station was ideal- three tube lines and the Gatwick express made it very convenient. The Big Bus tour also originates from the front of the hotel. With all the shops in Victoria Station, including a Marks and Spencer, we could always find snacks or toiletries if we needed. We were able to access the hotel from inside the station, which was nice if the weather was cold or rainy. The included continental breakfast was OK and we never had to wait for a table. We paid 116 GBP per night- booked through the hotel's website under the specials page. If you need an early wakeup call- bring an alarm. They did not wake us up early (4:15) and we luckily still woke up in time to make our train. A few blocks down from Buckingham Palace, and a few great pubs, including King's Arms, in the area. We will definitely stay again!	
Feb 23 2005	Give it a miss	We stayed at the Thistle Hotel above the Victoria Station in London, having found it on this site. The discount rate we saw was not applicable, but we were offered another supposably discounted rate, and told we could upgrade for 45 pounds.We arrived and booked in to find the room was disgusting , dirty with wallpaper hanging from the wall. On complaining and asking for the 45 pound upgrade we were told that no longer applied and we would have to pay 65 pounds to upgade, also having paid in advance we were not entitled to a refund.We do not expect much from accomadation, merely clean and comfortable, with a bit of hospitality thrown in - none of this is available at the Thistle Hotel.If this is the standard to expect at other Thistle Hotels, they too should not expect our patronage.Richard SimmonsReynellaSouth Australia.	
Feb 21 2005	No Value for Money	In a 'Superior' twin room, you get a old and dirty looking, poorly ventilated and outdated room the size of a bathroom. Only this one has a bathroom cut out of that space!The hotel is too expensive and badly needs to be re-decorated. The rooms lack a modern touch, with awful bed linen, dirty furniture and outside noise coming in during the night.Room services are slow and inaccurate, as is the attached restaurant. I would suggest you find a cheaper, and better alternative.	
Feb 13 2005	A good value and a lumpy bed	Our trip to London was booked through United Airlines travel service and included the flight, the hotel and several tours. All in all, a great price and lots to see and do. We arrived at the Thistle Victoria early on Monday morning after an all night flight. We were taken to our room, one with not much of a view and with two lumpy twin beds. The elevators were not working at the time, but by the time we left Friday, everything was in order. The full and continental breakfast was adequate and we loved the toast racks. The great saving grace of this hotel was it's attachment to Victoria station. The trains to the English contryside, buses to everywhere and the subway all were here. Truly a great location for public transportation. This is a hotel for airline crews and the like, a hotel that saw its glory days years ago, but is still a good place to stay when you consider your purpose for visiting London, not sleeping, but looking.	
Feb 9 2005	Terribly small bed	Check-in was not a pleasent experience, a stroppy girl trying to palm us off with a twin when a double was booked and reserved. Eventually got the rooms, as booked. Double bed !, I had to sleep diagonally as the bed is really small. (I am only 6 feet tall). for £117 per night I expected better thn a little rabbit hutch on the 7th floor. I couln't sleep for the wining of next doors bathroom fan ! The electronic key entry to the room failed and took 25 minutes to get a replacement after ringing from another room 4 times, always transferred to a number which is never answered.  Concierge were excellent, always helpful, polite and welcoming. Food was nice, but the Bar was boring and miserable and very expensive. Set in the tone of a gentlemens club. just chairs and tables and no atmosfear. No Gym, pool etc. Compare this to the dolphin square hotel, for the same money, another friend had a hugh room, hugh 'double bed' in a Suite with Microwaveand nice bar, with gym, sauna, squash courts. Both hotels were very central. 	
Jan 19 2005	Thistle Victoria lovely room shower too hot!	We spent the last two nights of our winter (January 2005) vacation at the Thistle Victoria. Upon arrival, the desk clerk upgraded our reservations (two rooms) from &quot;standard&quot; to &quot;superior,&quot; beautiful, very clean rooms on the 4th floor annex (which is actually on the third floor and a bit of a walk from the elevator, but no big deal). The rooms are small by American standards, but this is London! We were above the train barns, but it was very quiet. With the window open, and really trying, I could barely tell I was next to a train station. The continental breakfast was very good, the dining room lovely. My only complaint is that the shower was too hot -- couldn't get the temperature down -- and the tub drained too slowly.	
Jan 7 2005	Terrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dirty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Dates stayed Dec. 31 - Jan. 4 2005This place is in a great location but is in need of renovation! We will not stay here again! They dont care if your stay was bad! We first arrived and out reservation was wrong. We had reserved a deluxe room but got a standard for the same price. We went to our room and It had not been cleaned. We had to go down stairs to get another room. This room was very worn. The carpet was ripped and worn down, paper thin. The next day we were to be moved to a deluxe room. We waited and waited. We went down stairs &amp; told them we were going out &amp; to please move our stuff to our room. Guess what? We went to our room and they put our luggage in a dirty room that had not been cleaned. The room had dirty towels and used sheets. That was strick two. We called the front desk told them it was the second time we received a dirty room. They sent someone up with a key for a new room and we had to help move. It was not a deluxe room but we paid for one. It did not have the amenities of a deluxe room like a hair dryer. The staff was not very helpful nor did they help with reservations to dinner show or anything. aaaaawwwwwffffuuulllll!!!!When I checked out I was asked how was my stay and I told the lady &amp; all she could do for me was tell me that she will pass that on to management. What ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dont Stay Here!!!! There are much better places to stay for the price!!!!!The only one good thing about this place is the location.	
Dec 29 2004	Thistle pros and cons	We just returned from a 6-night stay at Thistle Victoria. After we check-in at 2pm, we had a few issues with our room, after a few trips to the front desk, we were satisified with our room. It is loud if you are on the Victoria station side, therefore if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs. The complimentary continental breakfast was nice considering the cost of food in london is very expensive. The dining staff was very pleasant. The concierge, depending on who you get, can be helpful or not at all. Victoria Station itself is extremely hectic to say the least with crowds of people. The location is convenient since Victoria Station is a major hub for all transport. The hotel itself was clean, nice, good location for tourist sites and transportation, but extremely hustle and bustle if you don't mind that.	
Dec 23 2004	for the Japanese traveller	I like this hotel very much. Before leaving Japan I read many comments from this site. and found unfavorable comments from some of them which made me uneasy. I am a female traveller and visited London alone this time, so the atomosphere, location were very important for me. But I can tell now that this hotel is very lovely and met my expectation in every respects including breakfast. Especially, the staff in the restaurant was very friendly and welcomed me with his/her smile every morning for 6 days. They made my days! If I have a chance to visit London, I will absolutely book this hotel again.	
Dec 15 2004	Overpriced 	Even though I read the reviews before booking my trip, I still thought it would be OK. As I had read in others reviews, I asked for a room in the &quot;new&quot; wing, because supposedly those were supposed to be bigger and better. Now, I know that European hotels have small hotel rooms, but this was just ridiculous, even by European standards. I'm not joking when I say that I was able to walk from one end of the room to the other in just 5 or 6 steps. I made them change my room 3 different times: the first room had a single sized bed and a shower that was only 2x2 feet (no joke). The second room was at the very top of the building and it was so loud! It sounded as if the window was open, even though it was closed shut. Finally, settled on the third room. which still wasn't that great, but at least it was more quiet and it had a double sized bed. Again though, I could still walk from one end of the room to the other in 5 or 6 steps. The room had no temperature control at all. If it was too cold, too bad. The lighting in the bathroom was terrible! A flashlight would have given more light. And the bed desperately needed to be thrown away- it was like sleeping in a &quot;U&quot; it sank in so far in the middle. Another bad thing about these &quot;new&quot; rooms is that they are on the 7th floor, and instead of being able to go straight from the ground floor to the 7th, you have to get off the 4th floor, walk down 2 long hallways and then take another elevator! It was pathetic. And I don't know what was new in any of these rooms because everything looked pretty run down and outdated. It's not the worst hotel I've been to, but for the expensive price I paid it was a ripoff. I wouldn't suggest it. The staff was nice and the lobby was nice, but that's about it.	
Dec 9 2004	Not good enough	Was fairly optimistic that this would provide me with a nice comfortable night's sleep in fairly plush surroundings and generally a good environment to unwind from busy day at work. I was wrong! Firstly, had to queue for half an hour to check in. Then when got to room, it was TINY! Really odd decor, quite shabby and tiny double divan bed. Bathroom needed ripping out - all tiles were cracked and grubby. Bath was weirdly deep (not necessarily a bad thing though!)One good thing - couple of the bulbs in my room had gone and I phoned reception to see if i could get replacements - the maintenance man arrived practically before I had put the phone down!I really wouldn't bother staying here unless the only time you will be in your room is to sleep.	
Dec 6 2004	Location is great...but don't expect to get any sleep......	The location is great, particularly for a first-time visitor. Victoria station is literally on the other side of the hotel. Unfortunately that's all this place has going for it....no A/C (and it was a HOT September by their standards), and no respite from the constant traffic which resonates into the hotel from the street below....don't expect to get much sleep if you stay here. Can't comment on the restaraunt or bar - I ate on the cheap at Victoria station take-aways or elsewhere in London. I'd definitely stay there again (location, location, location), but next time I'm bringing ear plugs!!!!!	
Nov 21 2004	enjoyed London	I had read some bad reviews on this hotelI had made reservations for. so was a little concerned. We arrived early in the morning, theysaid our room would be ready by 2. and told usthe room #. it was not ready, checked later, I heard them give the room she has assigned to usto someone else, so she gave us another room #It was very small and unacceptable, we were going to be there a week, was given another room,was very satisfied with it, and thought the continental breakfast was good. this hotel wasvery convenient to everything, Thristle Victoria wasthe name of the hotel	
Oct 28 2004	A great experience!	It was our honeymoon and we stayed at the Thistle Victoria for 6 nights (Sept. 27-Oct.3). It is a BEAUTIFUL hotel. I had been to London when I was little, but I didn't remember London looking like this. It is about 4 blocks to Buckingham Palace and from there we were able to walk a few blocks to Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. It really was a great location. When we arrived they told us they were upgrading our room from a standard room because it didn't have air conditioninng but the room upgrade would put us in a room with twin beds (not ideal for a honeymoon) but we took the room anyway. The room itself was small compared to what we're used to here in the US, but it was clean and sufficient. Our package included free continental breakfast which was a great help on our budget. We had the option for paying extra for a &quot;hot&quot; breakfast, but the continental breakfast was fine...it had cheeses, meats, breads, fruit, cereals...more than enough. We did notice that it got quite busy the later we went. Especially around 8 a.m. the food went fast and it was crowded. The staff was more than helpful, the concierge(s) were very friendly and helpful. One of the best features was the fact the hotel is connected to the Victoria Station. Since we were leaving from Gatwick we were able to catch the Gatwick Express right there with no problems. A very busy place throughout the day, but in the evening it was a great place to grab a late snack or pick up something. The exchange rate was absolutely not to our benefit but going through a travel agency and having our flight, hotel and tours already paid for we only had to worry about paying for our meals and souvenirs. All in all it was a beautiful, comfortable and wonderfully located hotel, we would absolutely stay there again if ever we go back...	
Oct 26 2004	Good location but shabby!	I am a travel agent and stayed here for 1 night in october for my grandmothers birthday. My first impression was the lobby which was very grand! But finding the room was a nightmare the higher rooms are on lower floors! The rooms and landings were shabby and in need of a refurbishment! The windows were minging and very noisy, although I slept like a log my grandmother didnt! The hotel is used a lot you can tell although the location was fantastic!	
Oct 17 2004	Comfortable and Clean	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in October 2004 after we fled the small &quot;boutique hotel&quot; in Belgravia that was way below our standards for cleanliness and comfort. We did not have a reservation, but the desk staff kindly accepted our inquiries and let us see the room before we decided to stay. Double room with full bath and English breakfast plus VAT included was 193 pounds a night. Expensive, but location was great, the bed was very comfortable, the bath was good, and we were desperate! This is a hotel that seems to attract lots of business travelers and perhaps larger tour groups and families. It has over 300 rooms. The public areas are quite grand, if a little overdone with the heavy Victorian window treatments, etc. But the rooms have tasteful mofern furnishings. Some problems: no hair dryer. I had to request one. The towel warmer in the bath did not work. The pants press was broken and fell apart when I tried to use it. Lighting was weird: about six different wall switches for different circuits....We never did figure them all out!Toiletries were quite stingy for nearly $400 a night,but good towels and plenty of hot water, and a nice tea and coffee set up in the room. The location is good for restauarants, theaters and sightseeing, if a little boisterous for my taste: it is a lot like staying at the Hyatt near Grand Central in NYC: lots of hustle and bustle. But we were grateful to have a clean, comfortable room. The breakfast in the morning was fine, served in the Harvard Club bar and grill. In the evening this place seems to be a favorite for London business folk unwinding after work: very smoky ! One other plus: it is a 3 or 4 block walk to Victoria Coach Station where we took the bus to Heathrow for our flight home. Very convenient and nice not to have to struggle with baggage on the underground.	
Oct 4 2004	Not a bad hotel	I've stayed here twice in the last two years. The hotel seems a little run down, but is clean. There is no air conditioning and the beds are very soft. Plus they're on rollers so be careful sitting down. The host at the restaurant is extremely rude (for the past two years) and the breakfast is fair at best (don't drink the purple juice-its not grape). The location is very convenient, but be prepared for lots of stairs. I would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2004	Had a great stay	Just returned from a 12 day pleasure trip to the UK. Stayed the first and last night here. I had last stayed here almost 30 years ago while on leave from the Army in Germany. While the rooms were small by US standards, one should expect this in central London. Room had everything--shower with lots of hot water, trouser press, satellite TV, hair dryer, phone, etc all in perfect working order. Check in was a breeze. The location, as many reviews have noted, is a definate plus as the hotel has a direct entrance from the Victoria main line rail and tube stations--especially for those travelling via Gatwick airport as I was. I would most definately recommend.	
Sep 27 2004	Frauds and scams	It does have a convenient loaciton, bnut so do the countless other hotels that surround it. THe lobby is nice, but the rooms excessviely shappy. My phone cuts off when I move the unit, my toilet flushes after the fourth try the blankets thin and old and the general room appearance shabby. Worst of all, the discount phone line provided charges 35 dollars for the first five minutes and 3 dollars for each additional minute. WHen I complained to the desk, they said that they had nothjing to do wiht and only offered a connection. This despite the fact that the advertized &quot;cheap rate&quot; was part of a plastic plaque topped with the THistle Victoria logo. Still, they insist that they have no conneciton iwth the firm, don't know the name and couldn't talk to them if they wanted. I started off asking very nicley, yet the staff was instantly hostile and professed ignorancec at all turns. They even denied the charges, claiming that it was only one pound. It turns out that the one pound was the connection fee in addition to the 70 dollars that I was charged to call home and say that I had arrived (not a long call). Oh, and the food is mediocre at best, while according to my British cooworker,s the bar is known as the most expensive bar in London, despite the lackluster decor and OK service.	
Sep 14 2004	Great Location	Stayed at the Thistle Victoria in January and it was perfect for us. Perfect Location right above the train station. Room were small but we expected that. Looking for a deal for next winter. Will continue to use this hotel while in london. Just can't Beat the location.	
Aug 17 2004	The finest beds in London!	Wonderful hotel, beautifully done. Convenient location, very helpful staff, and the finest beds in London! Can't say enough good things about it. Highly recommended for a 5-star stay at a 4-star price. Breakfast was lovely as well.	
Aug 15 2004	We moved to 4 different rooms and they were all bad	This place is horrible, unless you are on a serious budget. The rooms are very small and none of them are fully remodeled as they claim. (we should know, we had them change our room three times). Here's the awful truth - the term &quot;remodeled&quot; to this hotel means that they either 1. put up new wallpaper, 2. new tiles in the bathroom, or 3. new carpeting. But ONLY ONE of these items per room. SO, we settled on a room that had new carpeting, peeling wallpaper, and tile that looked like it was put in in the 70s. OH, and the towels smell of very STRONG vinegar, leaving you feeling dirty after taking a shower. gross.	
Aug 3 2004 	how can I put it into words?	When you have the smallest bedroom in London on one of the hottest days of the year, it's hard to put into words how low it can make you feel.My single room was just about the size of 2 single beds. Tiny windows opened approx 3 inches to let in all the noise of Victoria station, with announcements until very late at night. A ceiling fan was available, but made so much noise that I couldn't sleep. Breakfast was so-so - I may have seen the amusing side of a bossy maitre d' if I'd had more than 3 hours sleep.Bathroom was a 1970's time capsule of avocado tiles. Lack of extractor fan just made the tiny room even more humid.The only positive thing I can say about this hotel is that dinner in the restaurant was great. tasty bread &amp; olives, good steak and fries. Friendly service. I didn't feel out of place as a lone female diner.	
Jul 19 2004	Great location Dubious service	While the location was ideal, central and connected to Victoria Station, the facility left a lot to be desired. The &quot;double room&quot; we were assigned was tiny, even by London standards, had a bed barely larger than a twin, and one pillow. We were upgraded with some difficulty to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room at the original rate, which was an improvement but not great. In retrospect, we had plenty of time while checking in to hear all the complaints of previous customers, as the front desk is one of the slowest we ever dealt with. The carpets are torn and duct-taped, the elevators are few, and the phone costs are exhorbitant. It would seem this hotel is slowly being upgraded, and has potential. The staff are friendly and helpful and many (not all) speak English. One told me they are on their fourth manager this year, which seems appropriate. There is a four-star rating assigned by someone, who must have been friends with the owner, whoever that is. Two stars maybe, one if you are sentenced to our original room.	
Jun 26 2004	Location Location Location	We were first time visitors to London - the Thistle Victoria was perfect for us. Since it has an entrance directly from Victoria Station, tube and train connections were steps away. The double decker city and private tour bus companies' stops and a taxi stand are right in front of the hotel. We were able to take day trips out of the city with a tour bus company from Victoria Coach Station just a brief (really) stroll from the hotel. We spent 10 extra pounds per night on a&quot;refurbished&quot; room. There was nothing wrong with it.The hotel was decent and felt safe.The staff, for the most part, were perfunctory at best. You get the sense they they are a bit tired of tourists and are trying to make the best of it!The &quot;complimentary&quot; breakfast is okay - but don't bother with the restaurant for dinner. You can get more interesting food and better service for you money at loads of other places. 	
Jun 22 2004	Very Nice Hotel	My husband and I returned home last week from an 11 day trip to Europe. We started out in London and the Thistle Victoria. After a little bit of confustion at check-in, we ended up w/ a great room. Be sure to request a room in the new wing b/c there are still rooms in the older section that aren't airconditioned. The rooms are much larger in the newer wing as well. Our room was clean and pretty large. The free breakfast was very good. The bar was a nice place to sit and have a drink before ending the day. The staff were pretty friendly and most were helpful. The lobby is very nicely decorated. And of course-the location is super-right inside the Victoria Station to catch the Tube. Walking distance to Buckingham Palace. There's also an internet cafe around the corner from the Tube's entrance. We would recommend this hotel to our friends traveling to London.	
Jun 12 2004	Would Stay There Again	My daughter and I just stayed at the Thistle Victoria for 8 nights, our first time in London. She has however stayed in hotels in Rome, Munich and Paris, (granted...always as a budget traveler). We took the tube from Heathrow so were very pleased with the hotel's close location to the tube stop. The first impression of the lobby was....wow! It looked quite grand and well maintained. Our room was in the old section of the building and I must say my first reaction was... it looked old and worn. But my daughter's eyes totally lit up...she could not believe how big the room was and how big the bathroom was. (She was doing some comparisons with her previous experiences in Europe). It didn't take long for my opinion to change...the shower felt great, the room was cleaned wonderfully each day, the heavy drapes filtered out the light and the city's noise every night and the wonderful closeness of Victoria Station and the tube stop made it a great place to stay. We even liked the continental breakfast although we were glad to return to &quot;the land of chilled orange juice.&quot; It sounds like the room sizes vary at this hotel so I can only relate our experience. We liked the cost and we liked the location...we'd stay here again!	
May 9 2004	Great location good choice for us	Reserved two weekend nights arrive May 1, at the end of our week's stay in flat. Internet rate 96pounds. Wanted to be close to Gatwick Express for morning flight.This is one of those old Victorian (I assume) railway hotels such as we have used in other cities and like the atomosphere so well. As other reviews, public spaces are beautiful and colorful. Not much contact with staff but all efficient and friendly.Rooms here must vary greatly, as ours did not resemble either the best or the worst of reviews. We had #419 in West Wing. Smallish but not crowded. Double bed, wooden wardrobe, desk, chair, suitcase stand, not newly decorated but very nice colors. Bathroom seemed shiny new and modern.We had features we did not need, such as pants presser &amp; internet connection, and not what we might have used, such as coffee/tea maker and alarm clock (although we found that using the TV for wakeup call as directed by hotel's guest site did work fine.)Room overlooked a busy street with some traffic noises but we slept well with ceiling fan on. Full English breakf. from buffet included. I don't care for soft cooked eggs, greasy sausages and beans for breakfast but for those who do, there they are.This is definitely a tourist area, very handy for travel. Less than 10 minutes from our room through checkout through door opening directly into Victoria Station to Gatwick Express train track!We prefer less touristy areas for longer stays but will definitely return to Thistle Vic for convenience.	
May 7 2004 	Victorian "grandeur" but ask for a good room in advance... / Breakfast sucks..	I went two times to the Victoria Thistle in one month. The first time, I was very disappointed because they gave me a really tiny room. In another life, it must have been a normal room, but now it was cut in half to make place for an elevator shaft. The remaining half must have been converted to a 1 person room by an ill-minded architect.However, I decided to go back to the Victoria a second time because the hotel is in a kind of strange way attractive by its gloomy-ness. I travel a terrible lot, but I'm getting sick and tired of this modern luxury hotels. The Victoria Thistle just breathes London history, and if you close your eyes, you just hear Victorian clothes rustling on the floor :-)But, serious again: the location is absolutely fabulous. I had to go to Denmark Hill's King's College Hospital each day, and by using the hotel backdoor, I was immediately at the right track in Victoria station. It's also fabulous to have the tube right next to your room, and everything else you need if you want to taste a city, but don't have the time to really wander around a lot.Before my second stay, I insisted for a room 'not next to a lift shaft', and I got a spacious room on the second floor.If you go there for business, try to avoid room 323, but ask for room 206: it features enough space, AND a spacious bathroom in a seperate corridor.The breakfast really really sucked, as was the very expensive dinner, but staff was absolutely friendly. (but, hey, I'm a friendly chap too :-) )Conclusion: NO, if you only really like marble-floored polished and aerodynamic luxury hotels.YES, if you like to stay in a place that's absolutely convenient to visit London, and if you like a feel of Victorian history.	
Apr 16 2004	Location Hospitality Convience and Beauty	I was recently on a trip with Indiana University Kokomo, and we stayed at this hotel. It was a beautiful hotel. The location is priceless. Directly out the back door of the hotel is the entire Victoia Station. Shops, food, cash dispensers, phones, tubes, and trains. Everything we needed was right there. It was fantastic. The staff were excellent. The lounges were fun and accomidating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. If for no other reason, the location. By the way, the rooms are not small either.	
Apr 9 2004	Would recommend to all London visitors	Having searched the Internet for weeks for a hotel for our stay in London (wanting something central to places we wanted to see), we decided on the Thistle Victoria. We could not have been more pleased. The concierge was courteous, friendly, and always accommodating. The people at the front desk went out of their way to answer any and all questions, to just chit-chat with us, and to explain where the room was and the breakfast area. The room was immaculate all the time we were there--the linens changed daily, everything dusted, the bathroom was spotless. The people who cleaned and their supervisors went out of their way for us and we enjoyed talking to them. They worked very hard and it showed!!! The room had two beds, two overstuffed chairs, a desk with chair, a TV, and a bench to put our suitcases on. The room was more than expected and certainly was appreciated. We had a view of the bus stop area and were above the Victoria Station. Never was it ever too loud or annoying. In fact, we loved the view, enjoying a bit of Buckingham Palace and the Eye off in the distance. Watching the buses and taxi cars coming and going was a real joy. If we get back to London, we would enjoy the Thistle Victoria again and definitely would ask for a room with the same view as we had. The Hotel is an old buiilding and they have done a lot to update it and also to keep the historic part of it intact. The Lobby is ornate and the marble is fabulous. The ceiling in the Breakfast area shows the work done when it was originally built. The Breakfast area was warm and the people working there were more than helpful. The only part of the breakfast that we thought could be improved upon was that the toast was cold. Other than that, the food was typical English and, as tourists, we want to enjoy the culture of the Country we are in--not be Ugly Americans who expect the same as at home. Visit the culture, and live the culture is our motto.	
Apr 7 2004 	Clean and convenient	I just returned today from a 5 night stay in an executive double on the third floor in the new wing of the building. On arrival there was a problem with my room rate (they presented a charge slip that was more than 4 times the rate I had booked via their website) but the problem was immediately corrected. But there was some back room discussion and then my room number was hastily changed. I feared that I was being redirected to the worst room they could find so the fact that my room really was nice was especially pleasing. My room was spacious by London standards and absolutely immaculate during my entire stay. Fresh linens and sparkling bath fixtures with not a trace of grime or dust anywhere which is a rare commodity for most London hotels. I found the breakfast staff to be reasonably attentive and when I was dining (around 730am) the hot buffet was indeed always hot. The only downside to my stay was the price for broadband connection from my room. For the convenience of not needed to go across the street to the internet cafe, I paid 10 times more than the public connect would have been. And on the very positive side the concierge who looked after my luggage when I checked out was totally charming and helpful. And as a side note, my bag was quite heavy and I was dreading lugging it to the tube. Each day I counted the stairs it would take to get it to the platform. But when the time came, a very kind gentleman was ever so nice to offer to do the deed for me. He was indeed a testament to the tradition of chivalry which I found everywhere I went in London. The abundance of kind strangers was in distinct contrast with what the world news seems to bring us on a daily basis.	
Apr 6 2004	Good location-shame about the hotel.	Just returned from a two night stay at the Thistle Victoria. Location good-within walking distance to the London Eye, Westminster and Buckingham Palace and it is attatched to Victoria station which is handy for the tube and buses.Room was extremely small-the smallest room in which I have ever stayed in London! We had narrow twin beds which you could just about get around though it was very cramped and the furniture was shoddy. Our window did'nt open fully and it was not double glazed-disapointing especially as there was a very busy road and bus terminal opposite which was noisy 24 hours a day! I could hear the infamous rail announcements throughout the day but none after 9pm thankfully. The air con was broken so it was a constant 18 degrees celcius in the room and difficult to sleep. The bathroom was absolutely tiny! Though it was cleaner than some bathrooms I have used so I could'nt complain too much about that. The TV had just the usual 5 terrestrial chanels plus radio and a video chanel. Breakfast staff were diabolical! I did not speak to one English staff member which would'nt normally be a problem but they did'nt seem to understand that I would like my bagel toasted! Also had to ask 3 different staff members for a pot of tea on one occasion and when it finally arrived it was cold. The cooked breakfast items were cold as the containers they were in were not heated like they should be.I would not stay here again and as a Travel Agent (the hotel were aware of this as I faxed them prior to my arrival to make a special request which was ignored!) I would not sell this hotel to my clients or my collegues. I have stayed in other Thistle hotels throughout central London which were much better than the Thistle Victoria. Go elsewhere.	
Apr 3 2004	Acceptable but will not return	I specifically booked this hotel, since it is literally above Victoria Station, steps from the Tube, and incredibly convenient to the Gatwick Express. I was looking for Marriott quality with train station conveniences, but was disappointed.I had booked a ROH (Run of House) room rate through Funjet, and after some education of the front desk clerk, the manager on duty finally acquiesed and approved my early check-in early into an upgraded and refurbished &quot;Executive&quot; room. (After extensive pricing research, Funjet did have the best rates for this property.)The matchbox size room was quiet, but I had requested a room on the side side facing away from train station. The closet by the front door was large, but all clothing had to be managed from it. There were NO drawers in room.The TV sat on a small dresser with the hot water pot, fridge, and safe within. The empty minibar fridge was handy, as was the small safe. In-room coffee was a horrible instant...bring some single serve packets and your own creamer and sweetner, or a small drip coffee maker like in most every room in America.The mattress was one of the worst I have ever slept upon...completely collapsed and needed to be discarded.There were very few TV channels...just the dry BBC, CNN, Bloomberg Business, and the like (but with a hour of Teletubbies preempting the news on 2 different channels in the morning).There was 5+ minute wait for hot water, but when it arrived the pressure was good and the water near scalding.The continental breakfast was mediocre...much worse than what one would get at a Hampton Inn or Fairfield Inn. Certainly don't pay extra for the full breakfast...the only difference is the addition of mystery meat and eggs.There is a mini-mall / food court in the rear of Victoria station which was handy for needed purchases, but at a price premium. The entire area was busy and crowded 24/7.It appears Thistle hotels is not a chain per se, but a large marketing group (like Best Western). This hotel is actually the Grosvenor, dba Thistle Victoria.It was an OK hotel for English business travellers, but the standards simply aren't what we are accustomed to in the states. Next time I will lug my bag further on to a property more attuned to American standards.	
Apr 1 2004	Absolutely fabulous stay at the Thistle Victoria	Stayed for 6 nights at the Thistle Victoria. Hotel is above Victoria Station and has its own entrance to same which was very helpful when weather was bad. Staff at hotel was very friendly and helpful. Room was terrific and had a view of Big Ben and London Eye. Bathroom was comfy, large and even had a towel heater!!. Restaurant was wonderful. Dinner was delectable and continental breakfast was very tasty. Even when we woke up past closing time for breakfast one day, maitre de let us sit down and eat. Concierge was great and helpuful in all matters. All in all a very, very enjoyable stay. I would definitely stay there again	
Mar 30 2004	Location location location	Location, location, location. We stayed at the Thistle Victoria in February, 2004. The location was PERFECT to get to all of the London sites, and to pick up the tours for out-of-town. We knew the hotel was next to Victoria Station, but did not realize until day three that you can access the hotel directly from the station without ever going outside-- look for awning near main ticket office(closed circuit security made it safe).The station has a food court that stays open until 11 p.m.- just right for returning from a busy day of sightseeing, if you skipped dinner, or after the theater.Strongly recommend getting the week-long tube pass. Victoria tube station (same complex) easily connects to any line you need to get anywhere in London easily.Hotel gets a 5 on location, good neighborhood, convenience. Short walk to changing of the guard (also check out inspection of the guard- no crowd). Only gave it a 4 overall since front desk people not friendly, concierge staff completely clueless, small rooms (but expected), and not sufficeint elevators (get on in one area, need to cross over on 4th floor).Breakfast was good- efficient in terms of timing.Overall, had a great time and would definitley stay here again.	
Mar 28 2004	Wonderful!!!	 I cannot say enough great things about the Thistle Victoria, the staff was very helpful and the location is the best in London. Victoria Station is the hub for the tube, bus and trains out of and in London. We stayed in what they call the new wing and had a marvelous view of London. 	
Mar 4 2004	Fraudulent charges	Just came back from my vacation to find out that Thistle Victoria charged me for the restaurant service that I never received or requested. At the hotel check out I found out that somebody charged a restaurant dinner to my hotel room. Well, I never went to the hotel restaurant and never ordered any room service. So, somebody in the hotel charged 53-pounds dinner to my room. The hotel assured me that their charges were wrong and I will not be charged for the restaurant service. I came back to the States to find out that they charged my credit card for that dinner. I was lucky to remember the name of the girl who was checking me out of the hotel; the first day I called her she said she would check with the accounting to make sure I receive the credit. That never happened. I called her today, now she says that there is my signature on the dinner receipt and I have to pay for the service. Well, that kind of fraud and service ruins my whole good impressions of the Thistle Victoria and London vacation.	
Mar 3 2004	Dont get suckered into staying here much better bargains close by	This place was an over priced dump. I was put in a room on the 7th floor that took 2 elevators and a flight of stairs just to get to. Ugh! The room was tiny, smelly, and old. The bed was very uncomfortable, as were the hard flat pillows. If you have much luggage, you'll be lugging it yourself. The location is great, but since the Underground and taxi service are so convenient from many locations, don't get suckered into thinking you must stay in the heart of things. I also stayed a mile away at the Dolphin for a few nights, and it was a first class two bedroom suit for not much more money than this dump. I will NEVER stay here again.	
Feb 24 2004	Wonderful place to stay	My wife and I just returned from a seven day stay at the Thistle Victoria, accompanied by our daughter and her daughter, who stayed in a separate room.While the hotel is old, it is also very attractive and in a superlative location. We have spent a lot of time in Europe both on business and pleasure trips, and I would classify the Victoria as a nice European style hotel, which is what we wanted. Our rooms were both quite large, in the older section of the facility, and aside from being just a bit threadbare, were very nice, with good bathrooms and very comfortable mattresses. The hotel staff, almost without exception, was pleasant and very accommodating.We had the continental breakfast included in our rate, and it was very good, with more variety than I really expected. We had a couple of minor problems (a poorly closing bathroom door and a missing remote) that were taken care of in record time. They did offer to change our rooms, but we didn't feel that was necessary.Everything in London is easily accessible from there, including Buckingham Palace which is just a short walk away. The underground, busses and trains are colocated with the hotel at Victoria Station with direct indoor access. We didn't have to get cold or wet. An extra bonus.Would we stay there again? Yes, we would, with great pleasure.	
Feb 19 2004	Had an excellent stay at the Thistle Victoria	My husband, children, and I just returned from a five-night stay at the Thistle Victoria. We reserved two rooms: a triple and a twin. The twin was a little tight, but the triple was a pretty good size with two chairs and a table and room for the kids to play.We made reservations through the Thistle directly and got a web deal. It was still relatively expensive, but included the full English breakfast. Breakfast was served in a very elegant room and service was good. The food was set up on a buffet table. We enjoyed the whole experience and even my picky kids ate very well.When I made my reservations, I wanted an English hotel, and not a typical American-type hotel. The Thistle Victoria was beautiful, but it is old and quirky. I thought the hotel was well maintained and very clean. It took us two days to figure out that we needed to take one elevator to the third floor in order to get to our room on the fourth floor in the next wing. Our sink was clogged when we arrived. I called the front desk and within 10 minutes a service man arrived and fixed the problem.Our room overlooked the bus circle. We had views of the London Eye and I think the roof of Buckingham Palace. It was really fun to make tea in the room and sit by the window and watch London go by. Right outside the hotel were many buses which we took quite often. The tube was right near the hotel and the hotel can be accessed from the train station. There is a little shopping mall and several inexpensive restaurants at the station. There are also at least two grocery stores very close.Some of the previous reviews worried me, but we had a very nice stay at the Thistle Victoria and I would stay again. We visited in February when I am sure there are no crowds, but our experience was very positive.	
Feb 11 2004	Loved the Thistle Victoria!	I stayed at the Thistle Victoria in May 2002 with my Father and 2 sisters for a week. The staff was great, the hotel was gorgeous and service was fantastic. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would stay over and over again. A truly great hotel.	
Feb 9 2004	A Delightful Hotel!	We stayed 2 nights at The Victoria and had a great experience. We did request a room in the renovated wing away from the train station announcements, and it was lovely. The location is excellent, especially since we arrived by train from Gatwick, and it's proximity to all the top attractions is perfect. The staff was very polite and helpful as well. I would definitley return to The Victoria on subsequent visits to London.	
Jan 17 2004	Lousy	We spent five nights here. What a mistake. Bad hotel, bad experience, bad staff. Don't think about it, go elsewhere.	
Jan 4 2004	Great location	The Thistle Victoria is an old beutiful victorian hotel. The first room we had was very small. When they seen I was unhappy they immediately moved us to a larger room. The toilet took 3 flushings to get anything down but I found this problem all over London. The staff was very friendly. The location was excellent. It is located next to Victoria Station which will take you anywhere. The station also has bars and restaurants open late. Overall I think for the price it was a fine place to stay.	
Jan 1 2004	Great Location Good rooms if you are patient and ask and good food.	We have stayed at the Victoria 4 times, going back to when it was the Grosventor. Marvelous for the first timer, or patient returmers. Let's face it, no London hotels are like Maui's Kaanapali Beach hotels! The food all over is not like the U.S., but having toured much of England, France and Scotland, the Victoria is one of my favorites. I can be to dozens of great locations quickly, by foot or the tube, or those marvelous cabs. I'm sure you can get a more American style hotel in London, but will probably pay mpre than 3 times the cost. If you'll ask for an upgraded room or a little better, they will usually accomodate you.	
Dec 18 2003	A decent hotel if you ignore the food	The hotel is at a convenient location (attached to Victoria Station), and is in good condition. The staff was pleasant and helpful. My room was large and with extremely high ceilings, and was also in good condition.All of this would have resulted in a positive review. However, I was amazed at how awful the English breakfast was. It was undoubtedly the worst I have ever had. Almost everything was badly overcooked, despite being simple foods. Even the toast was charred.	
Dec 17 2003	Perfect location for first timers in London!	We just came back from our one week vacation in London. The location of the hotel was perfect for first timers like us, it was close to the train and bus stations and of course late night snacks. Our room was okay, small for American standard but adequate. We had a full size bed and a twin bed for our 4 year old child. And the beds were very comfortable.The bathroom was clean and new. We had a view of the London Eye and the Victoria Bus Terminal. It wasn't as noisy as we've read from the the other reviews, we did hear a few announcements from the terminal but that was during the day so it didn't bother us, then again we're from NYC so we're used to the sounds of the city. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, especially the restaurant staff. The continental breakfast was a plus!	
Nov 21 2003	Great Location Made Up for Minor Problems	Just returned from a six night stay at the Thistle Victoria. We were in the new wing with our window overlooking the bus terminal at Victoria Station. The room was somewhat small (two twin beds) but the bathroom was clean and more than adequate. Our sons had a room across the hall with absolutely no view but ended up being moved to our side because the toilet broke down the second night. All that being said, I really did enjoy my stay. I knew what to expect after reading other reviews and being a very light sleeper I brought ear plugs. The beds were very comfortable. Some staff members were more helpful than others but all were polite. I absolutely loved the location and the fact that late-night snacks were available at Victoria Station. My husband loved the fact that breakfast was included with our rate and it was really a time saver in the morning. Buckingham Palace is within walking distance. We were looking for touring convenience with a reasonable package and clean accomodations. Our rate was about 80 pounds per night. I would definitely stay there again (but only in the new wing).	
Nov 13 2003	Would stay there again	We stayed at the Thistle Victoria the last week in Sept. 2003. I will say that I was at first disappointed with the size of our room. We had requested a smoking room but none was available when we checked in. They would have changed us to a smoking room the next day but we were told that it would be an even smaller room so we decided to stay where we were. The room was not so bad after we got settled in. We stayed for 7 nights and really enjoyed the experience. Being so close to all of the transportation was great. We found everyone to be very pleasant and prompt in taking care of our needs. We would stay there again. We travel often within the US but this was our first overseas trip. For us it was a pleasant experience.	
Nov 5 2003	Unimpressed	I was looking forward to my stay in the Thistle Victoria after seeing pictures but that didn't last long after arrival. The room we were given on arrival was hot so we turned the fan on which was very noisy so it couldn't be left on at night also tried to open the window further but were unsuccessful. I wanted a bath but found the plug was leaking so that was not possible. The curtain at the bathroom window was half hanging down, the floor squeaked, no mini bar so we couldn't put our water bottles anywhere so that they would be kept cold. The staff were not very friendly. On our arrival back from our tour the next room we were given was so small we were constantly in each others way. Overall I would not stay there again.	
Oct 28 2003	Should have read the reviews before I booked	Unfortunately, I found this website after booking the room. I was initially impressed by the price and location of the hotel. I did not realize that the hotel was actually on top of Victoria Station. The benefits of the hotel: price, convenience, cleanliness, complimentary breakfast choices, staff tried to be accomodating, huge bath towels. The downside: toilet did not work, radiator did not work (no heat), my bed did go &quot;whoosh&quot; (see review futher down), my pillow must have been stuffed with oatmeal it was so lumpy, the fire alarm went off the first day, no hot water the second day, one of the keys never worked to the door, neither key worked after breakfast on the morning of check-out (I should have realized this would happen because 2 guests complained of the same problem as I was checking in), and the infamous train announcements were audible during the night. The staff was very accomodating as far as check-in and allowed us to check-in 5 hours early. They were responsive to maintenance problems sending a plumber and electric heater. If you want a late check-out, you pay by the hour. If not, the concierge will hold your bags for you if requested. The main issue is that we didn't really have a lot of time to be dealing with the maintenance problems. Note that the room we stayed in was in the wing (not renovated or air-conditioned portion of the hotel) which required two elevators (the second being very small - hardly enough room for 2 people with luggage) to access. Since our stay was only for one night, it was barely acceptable because we were not at the hotel most of the time. Had I been staying any longer, I probably would have switched hotels.	
Oct 2 2003	Above Average. Very Happy	I was very impressed by the Thistle Victoria. The location, is ideal. Around the Corner from the Victoria Tube, very close to all attractions, Buckingham Palace, Parliament House. The rooms were very clean and the staff was very helpful. Overall, was very impressed with the accomodations.	
Sep 26 2003	Disappointed!	We stayed at the Thistle Victoria Hotel for 8-nights, September 2003. We have both traveled extensively, and been to Europe many times. This was our 7th trip to London. Granted I was impressed by the low promotional rate we booked, but I was quite disappointed in the entire experience!! It seems half the hotel has been rennovated, and the other half has not! The room they assigned us upon check-in was not rennovated - no air conditioning, very small bathroom, torn wallpaper, scratches and dings on the tired furniture, and the beds/mattresses were on wheels (to apparently push the 2-twin beds together?) but they would &quot;whoosh&quot; across the room every time you sat down to tie your shoe! The general manager was accommodating, and changed our room after 1-night, to a rennovated room with air conditioning. This was a slight improvement, but I still found the hotel tired, unclean, and generally not well maintained. The hotel caters to many tour groups (Trafalgar, Evans and Evans, etc), and the lobby is a circus of arrivals and departures throughout the day. The concierge was more concerned about directing luggage to various rooms rather than assisting with theater bookings, or restaurant recommendations! The hotel's location is great - especially for first-timers to London! There is a connecting door from the hotel lobby to Victoria Station... which is great for late night tube riders! All this being said - London is an expensive city, and you get what you pay for!! This hotel, however, is not the crown jewel in the Thistle Hotel chain!!!	
Sep 24 2003	Godd but...	Stayed in August 2003. The service, breakfast and rooms were all good. However the location of the room was awful. We backed onto Victoria Station and couldn't open our window mainly because of the scaffolding in front of it and also the noise. Despite double glazing we could still hear the tannoy announcements in the early hours of the morning and also first thing. We got our room via thistle auctions so we were reluctant to complain and ask to change rooms. But we are British!	
Jul 7 2003	Awesome classic UK hotel!	An absolute wonderful hotel! We stayed there for a total of 2 weeks, and it was gorgeous. The interior was like an old victorian castle/mansion made into a hotel. And the food was fab -- which shocked me, being told all my life that UK food was horrible. The Thistle Victoria is located in a great location (connected to the ever famous Victoria Station, so you have access to basically everything. Also, the people were super friendly, so yes yes yes, I would definitely stay there again any day!	
Jul 6 2003	Great hotel	We stayed here for 3 days in early june. The hotel room was great. We got the rooms with air condition. The hotel was very clean and had that English charm. The staff was very helpful and answered all my questions. It is centerally located to all the main sighting areas. We would stay there again. highly recommend.	
Jun 28 2003	Great Place	My sister and I stayed at the Thistle Victoria for 3 nights in May of 2003. The location is perfect for any tourist. We also enjoyed walking around Victoria station and people watching. The room was above average and the staff was helpful. What more could you want??	
Jun 20 2003	Won't Stay There Again...	We stayed at the Thistle Victoria in the summer of 2001. The first room they tried to give us was very small and had broken faucets in the bathroom; there were also pictures missing from the wall, which someone had stolen. We asked for another room. This one - where we ended up staying - looked out on the glass ceiling of Victoria Station below. Every time we tried to open the window for &quot;fresh air&quot;, we were met with a strong smell of greasy food cooking from the train station! The towels were scratchy, the sheets were scratchy, their tomato soup had a film of grease over top of it, and they ripped us off on our phone bill, to boot! Who ever heard of a 5 minute phone call to the U.S. costing $30.00???? Anyway, when we got home we complained to the travel agent who booked us here. Thank God the hotel we stayed at in Paris was fabulous - it put this one to shame.	
Jun 2 2003	Great Hotel	This was our 3rd trip to London and our second time to stay at the Thistle Victoria. We were at the hotel for 4 nights in late May, 2003. The Hotel is in an outstanding location to see all of London. We found it easy to get to and from London Gatwick Airport, on the Gatwick Express. The Gatwick Express goes right to Victoria Station only steps from the Hotel. There is an entrance to the hotel from Victoria Train Station. The Tube is also located right at Victoria Station. The Staff is warm, friendly and very helpful. We have been in both a standard room and a superior room and found both to be very clean. If you are going to London to see the sights you must stay at the Thistle Victoria.	
May 9 2003	Regular visitor	I have visited London over 20 times in the last 8 years and this is my favorite place to stay. I love the location. Its great if you are flying into Gatwick because the Gatwick Express comes into Victoria station (which is attached to the hotel). There is even an entrance to the hotel from inside Victoria Station. There are many things within walking distance of the hotel (Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, parks, numerous restaurants and shops). The down side of the hotel is that every room is different. Some rooms are very spacious and others are small. However, they are all very clean. The hotel could definitely use some &quot;updating&quot; but it has a lot of English charm just the way it is. I've stayed at some of the most expensive and some of the cheapest hotels in London and this is my favorite. Another wonderful thing about the hotels location is that the Victoria station underground has 3 different lines that run through it. This is very convenient if you plan on doing a lot of traveling around London on the tube. I feel this is a great hotel for someone who plans on spending the majority of their time in London sightseeing.	
Apr 16 2003	Awesome location!	I stayed here for four nights in April 2003 and had a single room with breakfast. The room was definitely only sized for one, being long but narrow with one twin-sized bed. it had all kinds of nice amenities including an in-room safe, hairdryer, iron and ironing board. The bathroom was shower only but clean and modern. Each morning I had a full English breakfast in a very elegant dining room. But the most important part of this hotel is that it is actually on top of Victoria Station where you can take trains, subway or buses to anywhere. There are also several restaurants and grocery stores and shopping right in the station and an internet cafe right across the street. What more could you want. I will be happy to stay here again anytime!	
Mar 31 2003	Great value when part of package	Stayed at the Thistle Victoria for a week in late March 2003 as part of a package (air/hotel/transfers) we purchased through American Airlines. We very much enjoyed both the public areas on the main floor and our room which was on the small side, but was more than adequate and contained a very comfortable double bed and pillows, a well functioning heating/air conditioning system and a well equipped bathroom. Maid service was prompt, effecient and thorough. Hallways on our floor were very worn, however, with dirty and torn wallpaper and dingy and dusty draperies on the windows. Elevators functioned perfectly, television in the room provided about 15 channels and the English breakfast (included in our package) kept us satisfied until dinner each evening. Overall, this hotel was perfect for our needs, as tourists on a week long visit. I would not have been similarly satisfied had I paid the going rack rate of between GBP 150 and GBP 190 (approximately $225 to $300) per night for this hotel. This hotel, while fine as part of a package like we purchased, is simply not up to the standards of others in that price category. Otherwise, highly recommended.	
Mar 21 2003	Great location classic hotel		
Mar 5 2003	Good value great location but worn		
Feb 23 2003	Old...but nice.		
Feb 4 2003	Comfortable beds!		
Dec 23 2002	An Amazing Hotel		
Dec 23 2002	Great experience		
Dec 16 2002	Nice clean old hotel and convienant		
Oct 2 2002	Grand hotel in every sense...		
Jul 21 2002	wonderful hotel		
May 1 2002	Good Value - Clean and Comfortable		
Sep 27 2009 	Depende de la habitación que te den		
Sep 17 2009 	????????		
Jun 4 2009	pessima esperienza		
May 24 2009 	hôtel très bien placé		
May 3 2009 	Posizione e colazione fantastici!		
Feb 2 2009 	comodissimo!!!!!!!!		
Jan 21 2009 	Albergo meraviglioso		
Jan 16 2009 	Laut und renovierungsbedürftig		
Dec 22 2008 	Jederzeit wieder!!		
Nov 3 2008 	Cuidado con lo que se reserva		
Apr 21 2008 	Críticas infustas		
Mar 1 2008 	Ideal para conocer Londres		
Feb 22 2008 	Buen hotel en Londres		
Oct 9 2007 	Niente di entusiasmante		
Sep 21 2007 	Nicht noch einmal!		
Jun 4 2007	Ne pas se fier aux apparences...		
Mar 20 2007 	Hotel pour voyageurs		
Dec 2 2006	fantastico estar en victoria st.		
