Oct 26 2009 	The perfect London hotel - but check the invoice	This is a truly wonderful London hotel. The rooms are modern, comfortable and spacious, with superb facilities. It is superbly located - in the heart of theatreland, walking distance from Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery, Covent Garden, Westminster, the Royal Parks, Buckingham Palace and (on the other side of the revier) the National Theatre and Royal Festival Hall - not to mention one of the best views of the River Thames at Waterloo Bridge just a few metres away. This inevitably means heavy traffic all around, but there is almost no disturbance from traffic noise, thanks to the soundproofing of the window glazing.Service is polite, attrentive and helpful. The public areas are stylish, with a great bar, and the excellent Axis and Indigo restaurants belonging to the hotel. We dined at he Axis and had breakfast in our room - the food was very good indeed.None of this comes cheap, although it is worth checking for deals. The only real fly in the ointment was that, when we checked out, the bill (invoice) presented to us overcharged us (in two respects). This was almost certainly inadvertent, and they readily corrected the error. But it suggested a slapdash approach to invoicing, at variance with the overall professionalism of the hotel.But overall - highly recommended.	
Sep 30 2009 	amazing location and perfect in every way	Just love this hotel - am just writing this report now having since stayed in London again recently (I didn't choose the hotel!) and although passable, not been as impressed. OK, the rooms are not huge but the service, position and overall quality of the hotel more than make up for this. Axis restaurant is superb and the Lobby bar, although heavy on the &quot;business&quot; types early on in the evening, chills out nicely later on. Lovely to have a central London hotel with a decent size pool which is great to swim in as it is chlorine free - very clean and no smell which was handy. although in the centre of town, noise is not a problems and the beds very comfortable. All in all, can't fault it.	
Sep 30 2009 	Smart great location	My OH took me to One Aldwych as a birthday surprise, with a limo pick up from the airport to the hotel. The location is supurb, central to many of the attractions, on the edge of Covent Garden &amp; the theatre district. Our room overlooked the Lyceum theatre.The hotel is trendy, well decorated, with a few quirky touches, and a good bar. Our room was not overly large, but a decent size for a major city. The bathroom was good, great shower &amp; lovely REN toiletries.The pool area is tiny, and the pool freezing - but this is London, so to have a pool at all is a treat!I liked this hotel a great deal, and would praise the service standards of everyone we encountered working there.	
Sep 15 2009 	Fantasic!!	Fantastic hotel, staff exceptionally friendly. Lovely room and the atmosphere in the hotel was very welcoming and relaxed. Would definately stay here again. Great location.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location - great hotel!	My husband, my 15 year old daughter and myself stayed at One Aldwych last week and it was a fabulous hotel. I have stayed in London 2 times before at The Claridges which was also wonderful but this hotel is in a great location near Covant Gardens. The staff was wonderful and the hotel was spotless and had the most comfortable beds on earth (next to the Claridges). I will stay there again on our next visit.	
Aug 25 2009 	Will Return	I owe it to this hotel to write a review. Room ready early. Wonderful feeling after a 7hr flight. I asked about internet service, and five minutes later they bring up a lap top in my room N/C. The rooms themselves are def smaller than we are used to in North America, but they have everything you'll need. Great TV, towel warmers, strong water pressure in the showers. My wife loved the high quality sheets . Turn down service with fresh fruit. Stayed 3 nights in a perfect location for all the tourist attractions, theaters, and pubs. Concierge was excellent with several top suggestions, in walking distance. Buddha Bar was a 5 min walk. Ran out of time otherwise would have loved to try Axis. Pool /sauna/steamer was refreshing and very clean. Stayed in two other hotels outside London, and they weren't even close.	
Aug 14 2009 	Perfect Hotel	This hotel location is perfect for the theatre and covent garden. Its spotlessly clean the service is fantastic they fall over themselves to help you. The rooms are very spacious and the bed was very comfortable. There is a tv in the bathroom. The breakfast was very small and very expensive.	
Aug 9 2009 	just great	have stayed before on a couple of occasions and found the hotel just great. Stayed recently for 5 days and found it just a tremendous experience.The location is very good and it is easy to get taxis all the time. Some other hotels we stayed in were OK during the day for taxis but at night it was really difficult for the concierge to even get one .Theatres are all within walking distance if should so wish as are galleries &amp; museums.Bar is vibrant, and has buzz about it, but is also safe for singles. Service is slick and there is a good cocktail menu, residents also get served late in the evening. Fantastic art on display throughout the hotel, especially liked the toast &amp; also the man in the boat. Fresh flowers predominate the bar, dinning room and the bedrooms, They are changed daily in the bedrooms, Food really excellent. Had room service for breakfast &amp; after the theatre, late one evening.It arrived as ordered, on time( in fact very prompt ) and warm and very very good. Staff friendly and when room service were phoned and asked to take the trolley away arrived within minutes. Now that was a new experience for us, as room service it usually slow and unpredictable in other hotels.Rooms very clean and WERE actually cleaned twice a day, towels, soaps etc replaced each time, fresh fruit replenished on each visit. The service is amazing efficient but very discreet. All staff are really professional, helpful and make an effort to call you by your name.Whilst not the cheapest hotel around, it is in a fantastic location, service is of the highest standard,bedrooms clean, bright and very very well serviced. Food &amp; drink excellent and with the general charm of the hotel, decoration, art etc . Good fast free Internet service thank god.	
Jul 26 2009 	Love their sense of style - feels like it's ours	My wife and I agree that One Aldwych was one of the nicest overall hotels we've stayed in. It is fairly expensive, and the rooms aren't large (we stayed in a slightly larger Executive room, which was a comfortable size and I would say worth the extra money).What we loved was the sense of style - the modern decor, stylish and impressive without being cold; and the public art throughout. The overall design felt like something we would choose if we were talented designers (sleek but low key, hip but not overbearing), even though we are not. The staff was also unfailingly polite and helpful. A testament to good recruiting and good training.Apart from the potential room size vs price issue, which I didn't personally find to be a problem, I cannot imagine anyone being disappointed with staying here. Really a special place, and a quality establishment. We thought it was an experience unto itself, and we will return happily.	
Jul 25 2009 	Excellent service food and accomodation	We stayed for just one night but it was on par with the Savoy hotel but less expensive. The front desk and door men were on top form and were good ambassadors for the hotle. We are overdue a visit, and will be heading there soon. it was a wondeful experience.	
Jul 9 2009 	Everything you want in a top hotel	What makes the difference between a great hotel and good one? In the case of One Aldwych, it is superb service, absolute cleanliness, friendliness, and a clear esprit de corps from the doorman to room service that is rare to find. The rooms are fine, if a little cramped - ours had a toilet that was worthy of a camper van (complete with vacuum flush, like an aircraft toilet - very noisy in the night) and it was a struggle to get to the full length mirror behind the bed. But everything was in place, my dress shirt was pressed perfectly and delivered on the minute, the food is excellent, the bar is delightful (and good for celeb watching), and remarkably, by London standards prices are remarkably reasonable for accommodation, food and services. There is no extraneous noise (brilliant soundproofing) and the location is, well, terrific for the West End and the City. Will I stay there again? Why would I stay anywhere else? Fairmont's new Savoy has a tough challenge on its doorstep.	
Jul 9 2009 	A fabulous place to stay with children	I was attracted to One Aldwych by its website which makes a big deal of being child- friendly. It certainly lived up to that promise. My children, ages 7 and 9, had a wonderful time. We booked two connecting rooms, one twin and one double. On arrival, the children found an age-appropriate book on each bed, with a welcome card, child-sized slippers, and a child-sized robe waiting for them. The children's menu in the restaurant does NOT feature the usual chicken nugget pap, but includes real food made of real ingredients. They thoroughly enjoyed eating there. We also made a visit to the fancier Axis restaurant for dinner one evening, where they were treated like young ladies by the waiter, who was very accommodating about adapting the dishes on the menu to suit the younger palates. The rooms are furnished in a modern, spare and elegant manner. The beds are very comfortable. The bathrooms are finished to a high standard. (The vacuum siphoning toilet took a moment to get used to, but you do get used to it! It's part of the hotel's efforts to be more green.) We used the laundry service, which was not cheap, but very efficient, and well done.The foyer area features a bar with casual seating, which is quiet earlier in the day and lively late into the evening. A nice place for a drink, with attentive staff. The noise does not travel into the rest of the hotel (in fact, the hotel rooms are very quiet - including blocking the road noise from Aldwych/Drury Lane).Overall, we were very impressed and would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 30 2009 	OMG Best Hotel ever in any country!	Ok, you will see that I stayed here in January, but am only now writing the review. This is because I have just returned from a trip to Bath, where I supposedly stayed at a top class hotel. Rubish. Comapred to the One Aldwych, there is no such thing. I am very afraid that after staying here, no other hotel (top class or not) is ever going to compare. I am scared of flying and so for my honeymoon in January, I opted to go to London for a week instead of a sun drenched beach somewhere. Because it was such a special occasion, I paid far more than I could ever afford and booked us into the One Aldwych, and I am as glad of this as I am of marrying my husband. Absolutely without question, the best hotel ever and the service was unbelievable. I looked at another review earlier where someone had described being treated like a princess, and that is so true! Apart from the fact that we were upgraded to a delux room for our entire honeymoon (which was fabulous!) I have never ever been treated as though I was the most important guest in a hotel before but this is exactly how I felt here. Nothing (and I do mean nothing) was too much trouble for any of the staff, the level of respect and service here are second to none. I cannot express fully how brilliantly the staff here must be trained. Simple things (that maybe rich people are acustomed to, but I am certainly not) - for example, we ordered room service a couple of times and apart from it being delivered in record time, the staff knock at your door and ask you if it is convenient to come into your room! of course it is because you've just ordered food! But it is so lovely to be treated so respectfully! The doormen, the receptionists, everyone is so lovely. The rooms are great the location is fantastic. Stay here every single time - but beware, it will spoil you for the rest of you life because no other hotel will ever live up to it!!!	
Jun 20 2009 	fabulous	we loved the aldwych, the lobby is super cool, and the welcome fantastic.the rooms were ok, maybe a bit small, and no trouser press butvery nicely presented with comfortable beds and free wifi.great location for the theatres and covent garden, well worth a try.	
Jun 18 2009 	What a way to start your honeymoon!	Wonderful hotel, fantastic staff, so kind and thoughtful, going above and beyond to make our wedding night more special than either of us could have imagined. There aren't many hotels in london that would bother to leave you a hand written note frmo the hotel manager wishing you congratulations. Our room was upgraded to a fabulous suite with a private balcony over looking the aldwych and i was taken aback by the level of service we received, from arrival to check out, even after we had returned from our honeymoon a month later we received a note from the hotel just to ask if we had enjoyed our stay. Superbe hotel, fantastic location and wonderful service. Thank you thank you thank you for making the happiest day of my life, more of a fairy tale than i could ever have imagined! Stay here if you want to feel like Cinderella!	
May 31 2009 	Walk to Best of London	The One Aldwych is ideally located within walking distance to theatres, restaurants, St. Paul, Westminster , Tate Modern, London Eye, and Covent Garden. The hotel and rooms are very quiet and relaxing. The fitness center and pool are unusual amenities in Central London. The staff was very friendly and helpful with tourist information, reservations, and service in general. I had flowers delivered to the room for my wife's birthday, and the manager noted the celebration and sent her complementary champagne and dessert. They clearly pay attention to their guests.	
May 22 2009 	An amazing hotel which deserves the highest of praise!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights during March. We had booked an executive room and were gobsmacked when we first saw the room. Having stayed at many hotels around the world, often times at much more expensive rooms I could not believe what we saw. The rooms are beautifully finished to the highest degree, with a wonderful bathroom. Upon check-in the concierge directed me to some wonderful restaurants for breakfast.The staff at One Aldwych surpasses the expectations of even the most demanding customers. I ordered a Gin &amp; Tonic in the lobby with No. 206 Gin, I liked it so much that I asked the waitress where I could find some. She came back after 30 minutes after calling their supplier and handed me the address of where I could find this incredibly rare gin. This I was definitely not expecting!All-in-all, this hotel was truly fabulous and when I return to London in a few weeks I will definitely book again!	
Apr 25 2009 	Superb stylish and very personal	Without doubt the best hotel in London and conveniently placed for all the attractions, nightlife and eateries of London. A short walk over the bridge from Waterloo station or get a bus almost direct to the door from London Euston. You can also meander through Covent Garden from the tube and be there in 10 mins. I have stayed at this hotel for both business and pleasure since first discovering the place in 2005 and it really is a gem. The staff are so friendly and helpful, the food is as it says superb and the Axis restaurant is undiscovered and very tasty. The lobby bar buzzes with people all day and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. From the outside the hotel looks like a bar but the helpful concierge will soon guide you to the reception desk. The rooms are all very tastful, although some of the Aldwych rooms are a bit on the small side if there are two of you, but when travelling alone as I often do for work, they are perfect and cosy. On a recent stay we booked an Executive room and were upgraded to a beautiful and more spacious delux, it was just amazing!! I cannot compliment the staff enough, they are so helpful and friendly and completely unobtrusive and although my husband and I only stayed two nights, the staff knew us by name.We made good use of the spa and gym and for a central london hotel these facilities are very well appointed and the spa ladies were very good at the treatments.I have stayed in many of the central London hotels and this is by far the best. One of the biggest problems in many of the London hotels is the standard of the staff, in many places they couldn't care less about the guests. Not at One Aldwych. So yes, it looks quite expensive, but you are guaranteed a great stay, no unnecessary noise [amazing for central london] and good attention to detail.	
Apr 17 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel in London	We stayed in an upper floor room one level up from their standard room in this hotel located near the theater district. Keep in mind that most hotel rooms are small in London when compared to other cities. Our room had a curved exterior facing wall with views of the rooftops and skyline of the neighborhood, a comfortable king bed, nice linens, and a fairly large bathroom with separate shower, tub, and large vanity area. Rooms are decorated in a sleek minimalist style with granite contertops. One problem we did have was with the lack of a room safe--quite unexpected. Our room had a small sitting area and business desk with wifi access provided free of charge. And if you forget or didn't bring a computer just ask the front desk for a free loaner laptop! Service was wonderful--everyone knew our names by the second day of our stay and we never had any problems with the staff. Bottled water and fresh fruit are constantly supplied without charge. There's a spacious spa, pool, and gym area in the basement of the hotel that's very convenient. Overall we had a wonderful time and we wouldn't mind staying at One Aldwych again the next time we're in London. We went on to Paris and stayed at the highest rated hotel (supposedly) but we know the service and amenities were better here.	
Mar 29 2009 	room too small but great	the hotel was great, everything perfect. However I felt the size of the room was a bit small for the price. service was great, very friendly. I would most certainly come back.	
Mar 20 2009 	Amazing hotel!	Spent 3 weeks at the Aldwych for two separate business trips and it felt like home. It's absolutely luxurious and they provide the best round-the-clock service, whether you need help with wireless internet, need to order snacks in the middle of the night that aren't even on the room service menu, or need to have a forgotten item delivered from your room to your business meeting and they don't nickel and dime you for the service either. The first room was a bit small but certainly comfortable -- the bathroom was incredibly new and large and had both a tub and a shower. As a second time guest, I was upgraded without even asking to a huge corner room on the top floor. I would love to go back there if I only had a reason to.	
Mar 20 2009	This hotel has the WOW factor	Just had 3 nights stay at this hotel in their Aldwych room, the cheapest room they have. Although small it was perfect for us. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was lovely with a very deep bath. From arriving to departing the service we received was excellent. The staff are very friendly and helpful when you need advice. We had a good package booked through luxury exployer. The room rate included breakfast and use of the pool etc. We even had complmentary champagne and canapes, perfect. Breakfast was very good, what I like was the breakfast was made to order, no buffet style here. Want to go back, will book a deluxe room next time just for a treat,	
Mar 11 2009 	amazing room and the best location	We have just spent three nights in a studio suite at this hotel, and the bad thing is that from now on, no hotel in London will be as good as this.Yes, it is expensive, but worth it!We loved the level of service - we had some trouble with the DVD and a noisy AC, but less than two minutes after we called reception someone was knocking on our door, ready to help. The room was gorgeous - comfortable beds, desk, sitting area with sofa, lighting to suit all occasions, windows that opened, smallish bathroom (but still both shower and bath and lovely REN bath products), lots of closet space and very cleverly hid minibar and safe. But the best was the view - over Waterloo Bridge, the Thames and down to Royal Festival Hall. We had breakfast in our room every morning - wouldn't miss sitting there, looking out, coffee in hand...We took great advantage of the pool - we had our 8 year old daughter with us, so the pool was truly relaxing and refreshing after a day out in London.Even though this hotel mainly caters for business people (I assume), they warmly welcomed our daughter - all members of the staff knew her name, she had slippers and robe her size and was treated to a smoothie on the house one night. They told us that they also had movies for children in the DVD library, but we had brought our own.We didn't bring training gear, otherwise we would have used the gym and the jogging map provided. Will next time! Location can't be beat - right next to Covent Garden, theaters, great restaurants - and London Eye is just down the road! We can't wait to go back. Highly recommended.	
Jan 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Can't add much to what is said by other reviewers. Quiet, classy, in a superb location, etc, etc. If you want a real quality hotel in central London, give it a try.	
Dec 16 2008 	Lovely London	Christmas Shopping time! But this is the place to stay...its elegant, relaxed and just a pleasant place to be.London isnt too nice a place to be because of traffic etc etc etc, so we booked this place so that we could walk everywhere.Its a fantastic location and much much more.Save up that extra bit of money and stay here . 100% recommend it.lovely staff and a high level of design	
Dec 12 2008 	My Favourite London Hotel	Booked last minute this hotel and it is now my No# 1 favourite hotel in London. Previously had always liked the SOHO Hotel but now that I have experienced One Aldwych, I am converted and this will be my choice from now on. All rooms have queen or kingsize beds - we stayed in a standard room and they are small (no doubt about that) but perfectly formed - really high quality fixtures and fittings. I loved the little TV in the bathroom !Location - perfect, just walk out into Covent Garden and everything walkable - this was major plus point for me, a few minutes from Covent Garden tube or the mainline train station. Overal, I loved it - really top class and the best location in London.	
Dec 5 2008 	The contemporary London classic !	i think one aldwych is THE classic contemporary london hotel. forget the ian schrager et. als of the world, this place is for real, not just a soulless space with funky furniture. this was my seventh or eight stay at one aldwych over the last four years and its amazingly consistent , loved it the first time, loved it every time since. do yourself a favour and book one of the rooms at the front of the hotel that over look waterloo bridge, beautiful. the service is excellent from the door man greeting when you arrive jet lagged from the states, front desk, wait staff and concierge, to the night watchman(when you also arrive but very late and slightly tipsy from a night on the town). breakfast is lovely and if i lived in london i'd go there for brunch on sundays. the bar is a beautiful space with great cocktails, certainly a great place for informal business entertaining over tea or for meeting friends for pre dinner drinks.do yourself a favour and stay at one aldwych !	
Nov 11 2008 	Outstanding service	I booked One Alwych for two nights to celebrate my 30th birthday with some london based friends. I couldn't be happier with my choice. The hotel was everything it promised to be, from the sumptuous facade, to the outstanding interior design and thoughtful service. The room was small but extremely comfortable, with the best bed I ever slept in, B&amp;O tv, a minibar stocked with excellent food &amp; beverage, and a very large tub. I was offered a champagne bottle and a slice of chocolate cake with &quot;happy birthday&quot; written in chocolate sauce, a very nice and thoughtful touch I greatly appreciated. Breakfast and brunch were superb and not overly expensive (26 Eur). The staff was really attentive courteous and easygoing, and the whole experience was memorable.	
Nov 10 2008 	Top class One Aldwych	Superb experience from start to finish. Charming staff - nothing too much trouble. Classy ambience, high standards, excellent location. We will definitely be back.	
Nov 6 2008	V. good	To be honest, the only place I want to stay in London if I'm not shacking up with friends or relatives. Apart from maybe the Savoy, which was being refurbished at the time. And maybe a few other posh places that I've never been to.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Hotel in Great Location	I picked hotel based on the recommendations of Tripadvisor. One Aldwych is a modern, fully equiped hotel in probably the most convenient location for downtown London tourists. You can walk to many of the major sites as well as dozens of great restaraunts.The staff was extremely helpful and courteous ( i was offered a complimentry cell phone when mine wouldn't work). The room was spacious, comfortable and nicely styled and the lobby bar was the place to be.Only two downsides: Breakfast couldn't be had for under 20 pounds and the vacuum toilet system was puzzling and noisy. But that's about it.I would stay here again.	
Oct 17 2008 	An awful experience at the Aldwich	Stayed one night at the One Aldwich on a business trip. &quot;Stayed&quot; is the right word because I could not sleep. It seems that at the Aldwich you are a smoker unless you say otherwise. I got a smoking room with awful smells. When I asked to change the room I was offered another smoking room and air-fresher. Unfortunately I had to leave my window open and suffer from unbearable noises which waked me up at 5 am :(As for the facility the One Aldwich is a nice design hotel defiantly not on the cutting edge.I will defiantly will not come back!	
Oct 4 2008 	Great Location and still an iconic well run property	One Aldwych has been one of London's best known &quot;design hotels&quot; for years. I was a bit concerned that a good thing might have had it's day, but was pleasantly surprised. The property is perfectly located next to Covent Garden and TheatreLand and is well kept, with proactive staff who make an effort to speak to customers and make them welcome.We didn't eat in the hotel on this occaison but I have eaten at Axis before which is excellent. The health club and pool were clean, quiet and well equipped and the pool itself large and a cool design. The standard rooms are not huge, but are clean, comfortable and airconditioned with great beds and more space than many London hotels. There were a couple of small problems, like electronic door keys that have a habit of wiping themselves, but they were quickly resolved and well handled by the multi-lingual staff. It is not the cheapest, but you do get what you pay for and the location and ambience more than compensate the cost. Hats off to the management - its one thing to create an uber cool iconic hotel - its quite another to make it successful over the long term - which is exactly what they have done here. Would I stay again ? - Totally.	
Oct 3 2008 	Love it!	Fantastic hotel, and not a bland chain of hotels. Busy bar with attentive staff and good selection of cocktails. Exception room with REN toiletries. Also went to their restaurant in the basement and had one of the best meals in London with a really relaxed atmosphere. A three minute walk from Covent Garden, and right next door to The Lion King. There is a box outside each room for you to leave your shoes each night to be polished. Will stay again very soon.	
Sep 22 2008 	Truly amazing	The hotel offers fantastic service, wonderful attention to detail (upgrade to the largest suite in the hotel and complimentary champagne &amp; cake for my wife's birthday which i had barely mentioned in a booking confirmation email to a reservations agent), and a fabulous location. It was by far the best hotel experience we have ever had and is therefore highly recommended.	
Sep 13 2008 	FABULOUS ONE ALDWYCH	Totally wonderful stay at One Aldwych for our anniversary !! Thank you to the fabulous concierge staff so efficient and the extremely welcoming front of house staff - thank you for our amazing upgrade - we were blown away with our suite ! We will definitely stay with you again - Restaurant recommendations - J Sheeky (behind the Wyndham Theatre) for amazing Fish and Seafood and Simpsons in the Strand for delicious Roast Beef !	
Sep 2 2008	My wife loved the hotel so much I decided to buy it....	My husband &amp; I stayed at One Aldwych for five nights last week (late August). It exceeded our expectations in every way. The cocktail bar in the foyer is unsually stylish; goregous muted shades of lavendar, apricot and kiwi. graceful windows, exquisite flowers, art deco touches combined with Colonial echoes. Our room was both elegant and practical. The pool and eucalyptus-scented steam room are also perfect.It's pricey but worth it.Despite buzzy location, the room was quiet.Staff are helpful in low-key way; they don't look down their noses at you as they do in some fashionable hotels (e.g. Mercer in NYC). Breakfast was delicious.All in all, it was a delight.	
Aug 12 2008 	amazing Aldwych	I reviewed a few hotels in London to stay for three nights and finally decided on One Aldwych. I was not dissappointed. From the moment you arrive the doormen are greeting you and go the extra mile to be helpful .The service is impeccable. Nothing was a problem. The staff are just so polite, friendly and make your stay very enjoyable. The hotel itself is beautiful, serving amazing cocktails in its classy Lobby bar. I recommend you check out the amazing swimming facilities also.This hotel deserves its reputation and I just cant wait to go back to my now number one choice hotel in London. If you love to be pampered and want that 5 star treatment this is the one.	
May 14 2008 	Great location and superb service .... can't wait to go back !!	Your car stops outside the hotel. It's raining cats and dogs - a valet with an umbrella comes to help you out while another takes care of your luggage. Now that 's what I call service - you feel like a milion dollars when that happens. The trouble is, this happens very seldomly these days.I was booked in for just one night and when I got to the front desk, the staff were awash with people checking in. However, a young lady appeared from nowhere from behind the front desk to help me with the check in. I mentioned my name and within seconds she was back with the reservation paperwork already completed, she just needed a signature and credit card. So smooth and simple it seemed too good to be true.She showed me to the room on the 5th floor, so we went into the lift - very modern and glitzy with bright yellow lighting. Not quite my scene. When we got to the room, it was very modern but understated. When we walked in, some presentaions which I had been awaiting, was already there for me - they had taken it up previously. Again impressed.We had a function booked out for that evening for an event - the young lady knew it already and told who to call should I need help, how to get to the function room, etc etc. Incredible attention to detail.The bedroom was a reasonable size, certainly not large, but had all the usual amenities - plasma TV, music hi-fi, internet access etc. Also a very comfortable king size bed awaited me that evening with inviting feather pillows.I went down to check the layout of the function room, where staff awaited me. They ran through the menu, the wines which would be served (they even got me to taste the wines, just in case they were not up to scratch, which could be changed if I so wished), when exactly would I want the meal to be served, etc etc. Endless attention to detail which I have never received in such overwhelming amounts at any hotel in London.As you can imagine the function ran very smoothly, the food was excellent, togther with wines and the service.That night I slept like a log in one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever come accross. The following day was an early start - I was the first down for breakfast and was later accompanied by two colleagues. Now here there is no buffet affair, it is good old waiting service. I requested my breakfast (juice, cereals, milk, yoghurt, coffee, toast etc.) and also my 2 colleagues. The waiter never jotted anything down and after he had gone, we sniggered, saying &quot;so how many things do you think he'll forget or get wrong?&quot;. Within just a few minutes he had brought everything to the table ..... and it was absolutely all there, correct and no mistakes. Again, what service!This was my first expereince of this hotel and will definitely NOT be my last..... can't wait for the next trip to London !!!	
May 6 2008 	A great family break	We had originally intended to stay in this hotel for our family trip to London however we couldn't get the rooms we needed so had to settle for another hotel. We left that hotel after one night as they wouldn't let children in the pool after 5pm!! We called the One Aldwych and they were very accommodating. The hotel is just lovely, amazingly clean, airy and the height of sophistication. The staff were just lovely and so friendly and wonderful to our 3 children (5, 8 and 10) they even placed children's books on their pillows when we arrived. The swimming pool wasn't fantastically big but it was enough for a splash around and very clean. The food was very good, especially the breakfasts. It was incredibly central and I would thoroughly recommend this to anyone wanting to visit London with a family. Maybe a bit pricey for some but certainly worth every penny.	
May 5 2008 	My First choice in London...	Few years ago, i booked 1Aldwych because of the pool, this because it's quiet hard to find a nice hotel with a pool in central London. Good choice, the pool is very zen specially with under water music which is relly relaxing. Since then, i came back many times. The entrance/lobby of the hotel is magnificent, beautiful whith always nice flowers: perfect place to have one of the cocktail they serve. Checking efficient and discret. Deluxe rooms are a good choice but my favorites rooms are the circular junior suite and on the top of all suite 600 is a little jewel! Of course, the hotel rooms needs a refresch in terms of colors but every room i used was very clean, also the bathrooms. Room service is ok depending on which chef is in the kitchen. Very central location, next to theaters and museums. International staff. One Aldwych is now my n° One hotel in London !	
Apr 23 2008 	Good	We had connecting rooms as we travelled with our two children. This led to lots of space but our quibble would be that the children's room was a smoking room. No matter how much we left the windows open we could not get rid of the smell.Breakfast was delicious but small portions and very expensive (£5 per pancake!)Great location and very good concierge who not only recommended an excellent restaurant but also booked tables for us.	
Apr 9 2008 	1 Aldywch-All Style No Substance	Stayed at One Aldywch when in town to look for relocation accommodation. Heard a lot about it from &quot;hip&quot; acquaintances and the great review it got from the Economist. Booked it for a week. Stayed in a standard room.Incentives:1) The location of this hotel is great. It lies in a lovely previous newspaper HQ building in the heart of Covent Garden so you are in the thick of it. Transport is very convenient with lots of taxis and 2 Tube stops nearby.2) The ground floor lobby bar is very popular and filled with interesting people. Many of the &quot;beautiful&quot; crowd hangs out and makes for good sight-seeing if you are into that sort of thing. The drinks are pretty good.3) The staff are excellent, with unobtrusive service consistently delivered. A complimentary mobile phone is also available on request, a most useful touch.4) There is an underground swimming pool which is a great luxury in London. It was quite appreciated given I prefer swimming to stay in shape and ease the day's toils away.5) The hotel uses Ren bath products, very organic and environmentally friendly. A nice touch.Discentives:1) The rooms were pathetically small. The sense of claustrophobia is immense. While London rooms are usually tiny compared with other places, even other world cities, the One Aldywch rooms are the worst of the 5 star establishments I have seen. Given the prices they charge, it is really rather shocking.I had a peek at the suites as well. While more spacious, they fare poorly next to other hotels like Claridges, Mandarin Oriental etc.There are no modern facilities like fax machines etc. available. The nearest is a tiny little TV in the bathroom you need to squint to view.2) The much crowed about hip, sleek modern design is frankly nothing special. It lacks any character and doesn't really look minimalist modern chic. The other hip hotels like the Covent Garden fare much better.3) The lavatory uses an environmentally friendly vacuum design to save water and while I'm all for saving water, it is extremely loud and the flushing will wake anybody else in the room up. Not great for those nocturnal visits. I could even hear the lavatory next door. Bad for a 5 star.4) No real gym facility. However, this does seem to be a London thing in general.5) There was a real shocker of an incident that happened. I requested for the complimentary shoeshine on a Friday evening and couldn't get through to housekeeping. I then checked with the front desk and was told the staff had retired for the night and that they didn't do shoeshines on weekends. She could arrange for it but would need to charge me GBP 50 for it! To have such a policy given the price and billing as a 5 star facility is utterly shocking. It was not mentioned in the information pack in the room and is in my opinion completely ridiculous. This is out of sync with just about every other 5 star establishment I've ever stayed in.Overall, while London hotels all are overpriced and severely lacking in quality compared to just about everywhere else in the world, even Tokyo and NY which are almost if not equally expensive places, One Aldywch (in my opinion) sticks out like a sore thumb as a clear example of all that is wrong with the hotel environment in London. It is ridiculously overpriced for very tiny rooms and no real amenities.I will never stay in this empty shell again. For the same price, you can get far better amenities, bigger rooms and better service at Claridges or even the Savoy. The only reason I can think of to stay other than an extremely good special rate is if you are utterly desperate to maintain superficial appearances as one of the hip crowd though I hear they've all moved on to the Covent Garden......One Aldywch: All Trumped Up Faux Style and No Substance.	
Mar 28 2008 	Poor value and nothing special you can do better in London	I have stayed in many London Hotels including Savoy, Berkley, Claridges, Park Lane Marriot, The Lansbough to name a few.This time I thought I would try a new hotel and the Savoy was closed for referb. Disappointed, room was very small, breakfast was nothing special and allthough the room rate I booked was including breakfast the hotel has charged by credit card £56 for breakfast! I have made 3 calls trying to get a refundThe reception area is nice but you can go for a drink without staying.We stayed at a weekend, normally you can get good deals at top hotels at a weekend but I would warn against this hotel	
Mar 17 2008 	Good but nothing special	Location, location, location. If you are on business trip and have to be some part of the day in the City but still want to be around Covent Garden, Trafalgar Sq, Leicester Sq and shopping on Piccadilly, Oxford Str. etc. One Aldwych is a very good choice. It is located on the Strand and is a walking distance (15-30 min) from all of the above. The building is old, but only the walls are left of the original structure, inside it was renovated completely. What you may notice when inside is the way how they tried to fit it all into the shape of the building makes it look a bit odd. There is always a corner you have to turn around before you get anywhere. If you do not fancy modern furniture and modern minimalist designs you may find yourself unconfortable in that setting. Rooms are clean, I had a very nice view - ie lots of rooftops))). Aldwych Rooms are rather small, I stayed in Executive Room which was big enough with a big bathroom. They have an interesting system (I guess it is for water saving) where the water from sinks and toilet is sucked by vacuum with a rather loud sound. It does not bother you once you get used to it. The restaurant is ok, no buffet breakfast, only order from the menu (but there are pre-set choices of breakfasts). Not a bad bar on the ground floor. Overall impression is good, but nothing really exciting about it.	
Mar 2 2008	Our honeymoon	My wife and I stayed here for a couple of nights for our honeymoon towards the end of February. We booked an Executive room, at a cost of £493.50 for two nights. For us that's is a lot of money, but hey, you only get married once.Obviously we were hoping for an upgrade, and I did add that it was our honeymoon, when I booked. Apparently, a couple of our friends also mentioned it to the hotel, prior to our arrival.I visited the hotel, on the night before our stay to hand over our luggage, as we didn't want to carry it around all day. The consierge was very helpful, which is a good start. I went to reception also, to advise them that I wouldn't be arriving until about midnight the following day,they were also very nce, and said that we had a really nice room. Result! I thought, we'd been upgraded to a deluxe room.When we finally arrived at the hotel, at 00.30, we were shown to our room. We hadn't got the deluxe room I'd hoped for, but a studio suite (Room 508)!!!!! It was fantastic, and there was champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries waiting for us in the room also. The ice, hadn't melted, so they even noted, when our arrival was before adding the champagne.So, service wise, it was fantastic, but beware of the prices.Everything in the hotel is VERY expensive. they advertise the wonderful health club and swimming pool, but fail to mention, that it's £30 a day! Breakfast, amazingly not thrown in at that price, is £22! A beer is £5. We can honestly say, that we had a fatastic time there, but just can't afford to ever go back!	
Feb 27 2008 	Average hotel crazy prices ... but that's London!	Let me say straight out that I think London is pricing itself out of the tourist market, at least the market for mere mortals. So my complaints are really about value for money rather than the quality of the hotel itself. My room at the One Aldwych cost £411 pounds a night, and I believe that is at the lower end of the range for this hotel. Even though I was there on business and therefore not paying directly myself, it still hurt. Why? Because for £411 a night I expect absolutely the best-ever hotel experience. And One Aldwych is far from that. The room was small, hot and loud (above the street). I arrived late and tired and ordered a chicken sandwich, which was delicious, I must say, but which was literally just a bun with a chicken breast and lettuce on it and which cost £17. The bathroom was especially disappointing ... instead of tiled walls or some other kind of bathroom-like decor, the walls were painted a kind of pale hospital green and then covered with plain glass under which mold appeared to be growing in the corners. The only thing I can say in the hotel's defense is that poor value has become the norm in London. But under no circumstances would I spend my own money to stay at this hotel.	
Feb 20 2008 	Peace in The City	One Aldwych seems to have the ability to provide a calm oasis in the middle of Covent Garden. Their attention to detail isn't as perfect as it once was, but for London, it is still pretty amazing. The Frette bedlinen encourages me to languish in bed a little later than normal, and the breakfast jams and preserves never fail to tempt me. Room service is quick and efficient, although I experienced that some of the room staff spoke only basic english.The atmosphere in the Lobby Bar is lovely, a great place to enjoy a great cocktail and watch tourists and city dwellers relax on a Friday evening. I can recommend their Bloody Mary, and for those with a sweet tooth, the White Russian is bliss.The Spa is lovely, the staff attentive without being intrusive. The pool is a lovely place to waste a couple of hours.The only things that prevent me from giving the hotel 5 stars, the bedrooms are small, even as a Brit, I find them small, heaven only knows what our American friends will make of them! During my last 2 visits, the in room entertainment system was working - but only just.	
Feb 20 2008 	contemporary luxury and no functionality	I do pay special attention to the readers’ reviews on Tripadvisor.com and I rely on this site, therefore I read many of the contributions on this hotel. I have to admit in this case I do not agree with the majority of the reviews, sorry for that. I spent 2 nights here on business. Daily rate is GBP 400 which is way too expensive even in light of the fact that London is a trendy city and pricey too. This is a contemporary luxury hotel where the fashion/trend/style in many cases is against functionality (unpractical cupboard, TV remote control, reading lights etc). Standard room was small (cca 10-12 sqm), heating did not work properly and there was no blankets in the room. The bed was okay, the TV had relatively small screen. There was always noise from the bathroom (vacuum in the pipes?) which was quite disturbing during the night. Internet was slow and frozen couple of times. Breakfast is really good, I tried full English, salmon w/ scrambled eggs and berries, all were great. Check-out was very slow.	
Jan 8 2008 	Top Place to Stay in London	This is the best hotel I have stayed in in London. It is close to all the theatres and not tofa from the shopping. It is very chic with the most fantastic coloured lifts which change colour from the daytime to the night time. The staff were excellent and could not have been more helpful whilst remaining very discreet, including the cleaning staff. The room Ii stayed in was a round suite which gave you great views down to the Waterloo Bridge. Even though you are in central London the noise from traffic was non existent. My daughter loved the TV in the bathroom! Food in the hotel was great. Be sure that you are prepared for London 5* prices but you will think it well worth it. Particularily good for those who love London love a chic hotel with a great pool and gym and treatments area. My daughter who is twelve thoroughly enjoyed her stay and for that reason and the services for kids I would recommend it for families also.	
Jan 3 2008	Simply perfect...	Just simply perfect... perfect ambience ....staff.. .location. ..everything.	
Dec 12 2007 	Perfect	Thank you One Aldwych, we had a wonderful time. Excellent location, great lobby bar, helpful staff, small but perfectly thought out bedrooms. Won't be staying anywhere else.	
Dec 11 2007 	Very nice boutique hotel on a perfect location with very personalised service.	Last November I stayed for the first time in One Aldwych. I have been a Claridges-fan for over 20 years. In fact both hotels cannot be compared but I have to say that the boutique flavour of this hotel stroke me as very pleasant indeed. Perfect location, especially for theater and night-life. I stayed there with one of my sons and was positively surprised by the very friendly attitude of the staff (they kept on trying to pronounce my kind of difficult Dutch surname). Room had lovely features, very good beds and linnen and as a very frequent hotel visitor the small televisionset in the bathroom was a first-timer for me. I loved the á la carte breakfast and they do offer splendid massages. I'll definately be back!	
Dec 4 2007	Top One...Aldwych	Absolutely loved this hotel - a city break for the weekend with my hubby.Thought it was a fantastic location - just 5 mins to the tube station through Covent Garden. And centrally located for everything basically!Staff couldn't do enough for you - we rang and asked for the price of a room, and then checked the website and it was half price, so would recommend the website!Room was lovely and clean and large enough for a weekend break. The only thing is that the water system is vacuum'd (like airplane toilets) so makes a racket if you flush the loo in the middle of the night! Apart from that was lovely! Would highly recommend.	
Nov 10 2007 	Great Location For Tourism Smaller Rooms	Overall, it's a nice hotel, but not over the top. For the five-star status, I think you get more at other hotels in London in this price range. It's definitely not like US hotels - smaller rooms. But, it is nice and clean. But, make sure you get at least a deluxe room. I was in the standard room, and it was so small. The bathroom was nice, but weird shower/tub. You had to step up (really high) to get into it, and then the door only closed halfway. Never seen a design like this before, and water got all over the place. Service is professional, but they don't go over and beyond for you. I was wanting to get concert tickets and the concierge wasn't helpful. He told me it was sold out and wouldn't look into it for me. I found tickets on my own (via online) in 20 minutes! So, again, I just expect services like this when I'm paying top dollar at a five-star hotel.I like the restaurant. If you are health conscious, then they actually have a fantastic menu. I appreciated this coming from LA. The location is excellent for tourism. The Covent Garden tube station is close, and you also have the Charing Cross station as well. So, it was about as central as you can get for London. But, you will be in the midst of major tourist. So, if you don't like the crowds, then don't stay at this location.	
Sep 25 2007 	I can't wait to go back	What can I say about this hotel ? Wonderful property, wonderful staff, wonderful location and when can I go back again ? Had two great nights at this beautiful little hotel. It is completely child friendly, a story book was left on my daughters bed with a hand written note wishing her a pleasant stay. I cannot find enough good words to write about hotel and its staff.	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice enough	Leisure stay, three nights.Modern hotel with clean and comfortable rooms, though on the small side.Helpful friendly staff. Free wireless Internet.Breakfast was delicious.A bit pricey for what you get, even in London.	
Aug 22 2007 	A wonderful hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for our 30th wedding anniversary and staying at the One Aldwych made it a memorable experience. The rooms are fantastic, we had brunch on Sunday in Indigos which was amazing as well as wine and tapas in the Cinnamon Bar which was also excellent. My husband especially enjoyed the spa facilities However, fabulous as the hotel is and in a simply wonderful location, it was the staff at the hotel who made our stay so enjoyable. Everyone without exception went out of their way to make us feel welcome and special, and the friendliness and politeness of all the staff will be my lasting impression. I cant wait to go back! oh and a special mention about Erika who does a brilliant manicure! Thank you One Aldwych, this was a wedding anniversary to remember!	
Jul 31 2007 	Fabulous stay at One Aldwych	My fiance and I had a wonderful stay at One Aldwych. A fabulous establishment in a great location, just by Covent Garden and theatre land. Not far from Trafalgar Square and Buckingham Palace.The staff are extremely friendly, polite and attentive, making you feel like you're the only guests in the Hotel.Our room was a deluxe and extremely well sized with a great marble bathroom, separate shower and large bath. All 100% natural products. We even had a TV in our bathroom. Bang &amp; Olufson plasma TV and very modern and contemporary in design - just how we like it!They gave us complimentary champagne for 2 on ice and chocolate cake with fresh strawberrys as a wonderful birthday surprise and we had the most amazing full english breakfast with free newspapers of our choice delivered in the morning (time of our choice!) which was a great way to begin the day.Our stay was rather expensive but absolutely worth every penny. There is not one negative point. The Lobby Bar is fantastic with great beverages and food/snacks.I would recommend this to anybody looking for a romantic break or a get away who demand style, sophistication, excellent service and a good location!Enjoy.	
Jul 20 2007 	Excellent hotel albeit expensive	I cannot praise One Aldwych enough - the room was big and airy, the art wonderful, the lifts the sexiest I have ever been, the spa wonderful, the pool gorgeous (although the underwater music was not working), the room service fantastic. There are complimentary laptops and cellular phones to borrow and the kitchen will prepare almost any food you want. The two restaurants (Axis and Indigo) are so-so, but there is also food available at the Cinnamon Bar and in the lobby.The hotel is truly worth a stay if you can afford it.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Hotel	I chose this hotel because I have stayed in the sister property in Antigua (Carlisle Bay) and expected the same high standards. I wasn't disappointed. Stayed for 2 nights with wife and daughter. Room was great and service attentive. All the staff were keen to serve and very welcoming, including the Axis restaurant where they were very accommodating.We had an Executive Suite and the extra features were very much appreciated when travelling with a young child (microwave, fridge/freezer, kiddies dressing gown &amp; slippers, etc...).Location is fantastic for South Bank, West End, Covent Garden and everywhere else you would want to go. The only negative aspect was the hotel bar which seems to be more geared towards local business people than the guests. So much so that hotel guests were often unable to get a table because they were all taken by cheap suits who have just walked in off the street because they think they think it's the cool place to have a meeting. Still loved the hotel but they need to ensure the guests feel welcome everywhere in the hotel, not just in their room.	
Jul 5 2007 	Hotel or Public Bar?	I stayed at one Aldwych for 4 days July 07. Location is great but the place mor like a fabulous bar and local meeting place where houseguests are shoved around the corner and up the lifts out of the way.Reception is hidden, the main game is the bar which is full of local suits drinking coffee, doing deals and checking emails and then at night the pre-show after-show crowd. I sat for 10 minutes and waited to be served then gave up.Sometimes during the day the place was full with no chance of sitting down. The problem is there is NOWHERE ELSE in this hotel to go. There is no lobby, no foyer, no sitting room, coffee shop, reading room, ante chamber NOTHING. Just one room wich serves as all of the above.Forget breakfast. go to the cafe accross the road for a bacon sandwhich with lashings of butter and hot tea. a real Londoners start to the day.I paid for the biggest room wich was a closet. Too small for 2 people.	
Jul 1 2007 	good service - tiny overpriced rooms	The hotel is in a nice location and the staff are very helpful. Bar is nice in the lobby. This hotel is incredibly expensive which, many others are too in London, but the rooms here are so tiny it is insulting for the price.	
Jun 19 2007 	overpriced overrated	Relatively small hotel. Located a few walking minutes from trafalgar square. No garden, no trees, yet quiet rooms. Located close to musical theatres. Stayed at a &quot;suite&quot;, a moderately sized oval-shaped living room supplemented by a small bath room, overlooking (from second row) a Thames bridge. The room was very clean and was cleaned rather early in the morning. Advantages of the hotel: favourable location, competent and nice personal. Disadvantages: Generally overpriced. Breakfast massively overpriced (no buffet, toast arrived when coffee was cold, omelette arrived when toast was cold, second toast arrived when omelette was cold etc - for an exorbitant price). Better have breakfast somewhere else. The entrance hall of the hotel is a spacious &quot;bar&quot;. The bar is big and was every evening filled with a noisy crowd of young people. A hotel guest looking for a quiet place in order to take a night cap will be wrong, and will possibly not even find an empty chair	
Jun 3 2007 	Most comfortable bed ever!	This hotel is the best I've stayed in anywhere. The fact that breakfast was available from 6.30 am till whenever was brilliant. You chose from a menu which was a nice change. There was plenty to choose from. We had an executive room which was a little on the small side but the bathroom was huge with a brilliant power shower and a separate bath. It even had a TV in there. The toiletries provided were luxurious and were replenished every day. The bed has got to be the most comfortable bed I've ever had the pleasure to sleep in. The flat screen TV with DVD player and CD player were of a high quality and worked superbly. The hotel offer a turn-down service at night which was a lovely touch - it included a bottle of water and slippers beside the bed and a card saying what the weather was goling to be like for the next day. The room even had a doorbell!!!The lobby bar looked grand but was ALWAYS busy and we never did get to sit down there. The pool and gym looked inviting as did some of the treatments they offered. The staff were really friendly, polite and professional. We booked this hotel through five star alliance for a price which I had printed off in my email. However when we went to check out another £99 had been added on the bill. When I questioned this they said it because their prices were exclusive of tax but I had paperwork to prove what I was meant to pay and it had no mention on there that I had to pay VAT on top. At this point I felt the hotel let themselves down as they were not interested in my paperwork and we had to pay the extra money. It hasn't put me off and I still think it is one of the best hotels in London just clarify the prices before you stay!!	
May 6 2007	Brilliant hotel I love it so much I used it for my wedding	I work in Covent Garden so I know the hotels well and have been to 1 Aldwych many times for breakfast (which is the best in london with impecable service). When I needed a hotel for my wedding I checked out many others and 1 Aldwych was significantly better.We had a fab wedding, stayed in their round room overlooking waterloo bridge which is truely romantic.The staff were brilliant despite us having a few tipsy guests and all in all it was a dream place for our friends and family to stay.	
Mar 4 2007	Always Pleasant Experience	We have used this hotel twice for a business trip. It is not your typical business hotel (no business center). But they do offer free wireless access and had staff available to help out when a large group of us were using the wireless service and having a problem.But the real reason to stay here is for the comfortable bed (wonderful!!!!), the attentive service (they kept on record my newspaper preferences and stored luggage for me for a week after I left the hotel!!!!), and the stylish accomodations/bar. The TV is so stylish its challenging to operate the remote control sometimes. I would not recommend this hotel for people who are not into the modern style. Its certainly not an old British hotel--there is no chintz here. The standard room offers a shower/tub combo. The more expensive rooms have separate shower and tub. The bathrooms operate with a water conservation system that means a loud sucking noise happens every few minutes when you are in the shower. Its no problem but a little weird to get used to. The products they have now by a company called REN are nice and the bathrobes and fluffy and comfortable and they offer plenty of towels and a nice pair of slippers. The turn down service is great because they provide a weather update for you for the next day (in Celcius and Farenheit), a bottle of water, and your slippers are laid out for you.They provide an umbrella in your closet in case you forgot yours.The laundry services are very pricey. Something like $8 to clean a pair of socks. But are prompt. There is a free overnight shoe shine service.Also the cheddar biscuits in the minibar are DELICIOUS!!!!!!!The hotel is located close to Covent Garden and the City. The restaurants in the area are very touristy and the room service was only so-so (breakfast is good but the dinner options are all kinda lousy), so plan on getting out of the neighborhood if you want to eat well. The one exception is Orso which is right up the street and is a very nice Italian restaurant. There is a Starbucks nearby if you are that person. But the local chain Caffe Nero is also good and across the street for a quick croissant and tea or coffee. There is a Tesco Express (express grocery store) across the street too which is handy for snacks, soda, a quick sandwich etc...The bar downstairs is very active and a nice place for after-hours drinking as long as you have a room in the hotel. They can only charge after hours drinking to your room. The cocktails are expensive but inventive. The gym is small but the pool is great. I tried the spa on one trip for a quick pedicure. It was sufficient--nothing opulent.Overall a stylish but comfortable place to stay. And it was so great they stored my luggage for an extra week when I decided to take off on a quick vacation because they charged me nothing for the storage (and it was not a small bag) and I didn't have to worry my things were at left luggage at the airport. Even when I was no longer a guest they treated me as one. Very nice!	
Mar 3 2007	Absolutely Fantastic	Tremendous, right from the phone call to make the booking, all the way through to walking out the entrance after an amazing long weekend. We probably got the mother of all upgrades, to a massive top floor suite with its own 12 seat high ceiling dining room, with views along Waterloo Bridge, which was unbelievable, especially after my wife and 8 year-old had to complete the last 70 miles of their train journey from Newcastle by taxi (National Rail are a disgrace, GNER staff are great).One Aldwych itself - staff were first class, great with names (rivalled Case del Mar, corsica, for remembering my name, which is some achievement), concierge very helpful, public rooms great, bar in the lobby very stylish and just marvelous to sit in. Room service, after a late arrival, was excellent. Great location, nice reasonably sized (for London) basement pool. The only down side - there wasn't one! Our thanks to all the staff - one of the best weekends we've had. Even without the upgrade the hotel exceeded my expectations by a long way, especially at the price for London (our stay included Sunday, so the deal was great. This is joint top of my favourite luxury hotel, alongside the Casa del Mar in Corsica, and above the Hong Kong Penninsula, Lilianfelds in the Blue Mountains (Oz) and Sydney's Grand Hyatt (mind the views from the last one are pretty good!). All fantastic hotels, but One Aldwych is up there!	
Jan 28 2007	Understated yet all pervading luxury at a price	I live and work in London, and stayed at One Aldwych as part of a luxurious, fantasy indulgence with someone special.There is no shirking the fact that this is an expensive hotel - but worth every penny. Maybe it is because I don't do this very often, so I'm not that much of an old hand at the luxury hotel lark, but the whole time we were there we were walking on air, and didn't want to leave! It was definitely the right choice.As you would expect, everything is wonderful. The details are important - and they are all attended to. Furnishings are of the highest quality - you definitely feel like you are getting what you pay for. The pool is beautiful too, definitely try to use it if you stay here. And go for a drink in the lobby bar; again, beautiful, stylish, modern, but entirely comfortable.The service was elegant, we felt looked after but not crowded.And, of course, it does always help when you get upgraded to a suite... :)	
Jan 25 2007	First choice in London	Just stayed at One Aldwych for the weekend 19 Jan. This was our second stay at this hotel and we do not think that we would ever stay anywhere else in LondonRooms are comfortable and whilst maybe not the same size as US standards, they come with all amenities, including king size comfy bed. You also get a postbox area outside your room where you can place your shoes overnight for a polish and your complimentary newspaper also arrives in the same &quot;post box&quot;The bathroom has a large bath tub and shower and also operates a vacuum water saving system (the noise from this is unusual at first, but you soon get used to it). Also, there is a small TV in the bathroom should you need it!The safe is located behind one of the pictures and is an extremely useful additionThe bar area is pleasing on the eye, very popular at the weekend, and the cocktails, whilst a little on the expensive side, are innovative and extremely tasty - our favourites included the Toblerone, the strawberry and basil mojito and the blackberry margarita (yum) The best thing about One Aldwych is its splendid location. Close to a number of theatres, loads of bars, and a phenomenal amount of restaurants/eateries. Covent Garden tube station is only a short stroll awayOne bonus of course is the pool which is a decent size for the middle of London and there is also a sauna and steam roomWe found both this time and our previous stay that the staff were extremely helpful and the door was always opened for you when you went out or came back to the hotelHighly recommended hotel - yes the price can look prohibitive, but for the centre of London and the quality and superb location of the hotel, you get what you pay for	
Jan 22 2007 	Great Location - Small Rooms	I loved the location and the interior of the hotel. Impecable design and atmosphere. Though for $400 per night the room was pretty small and had no view. A loose tile on the bathroom floor was annoying but I was staying there only for 2 days. One minor mishap was with the concierge, who booked Rigolleto tickets for me and did not mention that this was not the original play but a modern adaptation (I left after 30 minutes into the performance). Overall, great hotel and if you can get a bigger room with a view you won't be disappointed.	
Dec 9 2006 	Comfortable luxury hotel but lacks an edge	I just returned from a 5 night stay at One Aldwych on a business trip. The location is convenient to Covent Garden, which is a short walk, and the City, which is a 10 minute walk straight down the road. There are numerous and various restuarants and pubs in the area, and the streets are busy day and night and seem safe for walking.The hotel's lobby has a cool bar which was bustling at night later in the week. I did not try the hotel restaurant, although I did eat at Bank Restaurant 2 blocks up the Strand, which was good.My room was on the 3rd floor and was incredibly quiet. The soundproofing on the windows facing the street was excellent. The bed was queen sized and was a bit soft for my taste. The extra-large pillows were a luxurious touch. The television in the room was a flat screen with a varied menu of options. The room was spacious enough for one large suitcase, but would have been crowded with two. The room also had one US compatible outlet on the wall, so a converter wasn't necessary. The closet space was ample, and there was an in-room safe.The spacious bathroom had a full tub and a separate glass enclosed shower. The toilet had a sign posted that said that the vacuum system uses 20% of the water of a traditional toilet. While this is a good thing, it does take a bit getting used to, as the toilet and shower both make an airplane-like sucking noise every minute or so while in use. One nice touch in the bathroom was a mini-TV on a flexible pole-stand next to the sink. All in all, One Aldwych was a comfortable place to stay for a week. The service was good, from storing my luggage to explaining where the electrical outlet was (behind the desk). While I can't complain about the hotel, it would have been more memorable and noteworthy if a particular aspect of the hotel stood out from its competitors. The hotel needs an &quot;edge&quot; that causes its patrons to say &quot;WOW&quot; and leave a feeling of satisfaction for the amount of money that it costs per night.	
Dec 8 2006 	functional spare unimaginative	High priced, but not great, hotel. They have loaner laptops, but that was the only outstanding perquisite I saw. The hotel otherwise is only a bit average. If you love the pyramid in the Louvre, you'll love the interior design. If you don't, you might feel that at least some lipstick was put on the pig with the various accourtrement. The regular room is small (even for europe). The bed is a queen sized bed plus a centimeter or two--not the &quot;king/queen&quot; advertised.They charge $30/day for wired internet, but wireless is free. Go figure.The TV was annoying. Thank goodness there's lots of other things to do :)	
Dec 4 2006	Good. Not great.	Lots to like about this place - very professional staff, and a generally &quot;cool&quot; ambience. Rooms are well equipped and comfortable. Location's good, too - lots in easy walking distance (although it's some way from the nearest tube stations). Free, fast internet access is also a plus.Rooms, though, are tiny. Well-equipped, for sure, but particularly the second room I stayed in (during two trips in quick succession) was unacceptably small. The reviewers who've given the hotel such accolades obviously didn't end up staying in a room where there was literally insufficient space to open one's suitcase and still walk around the bed. And the hotel has a bizarre, noisy vacuum plumbing system (think airline-style WC) - and poor sound-proofing (every word of every passing conversation in the corridor could be heard). So - it is good, but (especially for the price) I didn't think it quite lived up to its reputation.	
Oct 20 2006 	Number 1 - in more ways than one!	There is only one One Aldwich and it is the only place we would stay when in London for a short break. Yes the standard rooms are a little on the smaller side -but they are perfectly formed and furnished and equipped. Beds are best ever - Hypnos according to the hotel. Location is perfect for City and West End - Regents Street / Oxford Street also within walking distance. Impecable wel judged welcome, service and food (we particularly enjoyed Indigo). Great after work /pre theatre buzz in lobby.When we tried to book at last minute for 2 nights, at first ony one was available but their system remembered our previous visits ( down to our preferred newspapers -Daily and Sunday) and the second night materialised some hours later. The concierge even managed to get 2 tickets for a long sold-out show at face value.We happened to mention one of our nights was my birthday and everyone in the hotel seemed to know. On our return from shopping there was an unexpected and complimentary bottle of champagne and birthday cake in our room.Thanks to all at the One Aldwich for a perfect stay.	
Sep 18 2006 	Absolutely wonderful	This was by far the best hotel I've stayed in for a long time. The location was simply superb, the decor super chic and the staff were superb, from reception staff to the bellboy and concierge. Our first room was a standard room and was just the way I like it: smart, chic, luxurious and yet eminently comfortable too. However, there was a fly in the ointment: I booked a kingsize bedroom but found that the bed was two singles zipped up and there was a hefty dip in the middle (loose zip we were told). It spoiled my sleep since I kept &quot;falling&quot; into the dip whilst asleep! I wasn't at all happy the next day and the reception staff were really superb: they apologised profusely and immediately transferred all our belongings to a suite without us raising a finger. This was absolutely wonderful: the view was lovely, the room luxuriously appointed and the bed was fabulously comfortable. I ordered room service the last day and this was well presented and delicious.I was really impressed with this hotel and we would definitely stay again, for so many reasons. Simply outstanding.	
Sep 13 2006 	Couldn't be better	Situated in the heart of Covent Garden this excellent hotel is definitely worth the extra £. The bedroom was well thought out and had everything that we could have wished for and the hotel staff were amazing from the minute we stepped from the cab. We didn't sample the food but I guess that with so much local competition it will be good.	
Jul 20 2006 	Mixed feelings...	We stayed for one night in July for our wedding anniversary. We had recently been for a week at the sister hotel in Antigua, Carlisle Bay so had high expectations. We booked an executive room on their package for £209 ex VAT ( watch out for the VAT on top- irritating- why not include it in the rate like everyone else..) but on arrival we were upgraded to suite 500. I have read the most recent reviewer who seemed to have been upgraded to the same suite so perhaps they struggle to shift it while the area which it overlooks is a noisy building site! ( btw it looks like there is still a lot of work to do on that site so be warned) It had a small balcony with table and chairs and to be fair we were there on a Sunday night in a heatwave and so it was pleasant to sit there and have a few drinks. What impressed us?Excellent service- ok, we were not there for too long but every member of staff who dealt with us was very helpful/ pleasant courteous. nice lobby bar- peaked at being quite busy when we headed out around 7.30. you walk thru it to get to hotel reception which is neatly tucked into a corner so you don't feel like you are sitting in a lobbyRoom service breakfast-good- and fairly prompt. try the ricotta and spinach home made sausagesWe didn't eat in their restaurants Location is excellent- central for walking everywhere though not right next to a tube if that's important to youLess impressed by......the suite itself. Reading other comments I guess I am glad that we had a lot more space than the regular rooms. There was a big lobby which led off to anonther loo, a kitchenette ( with microwave?!), the living room, the bedroom and........a private gym. This is well located as a business hotel so if you were stuck in London for a week or so for work ( and had a big expense budget) then this would be ideal. You could work out at 2am when the hotel gym is closed, while microwaving a ready meal! The bedroom part of the suite was a really nice bedroom, average size, comfy bed, minimalist decor. All secondary glazed so no real noise despite the hotel being situated at a busy junction. Good bathroom but funny layout with a pillar getting in your way but very good Living Nature productsThe general impression from the suite that it was not very homely. The defence to that would be I guess that it is meant to be minimalist but you should check out the room pics for Carlisle Bay and you will see how minimalist can be done in a way that works. This suite felt kind of cheap- cheap looking sofa, rather understyled room I suppose. Maybe that is ok for the business market and, well, we didn't pay full rate for it- but I think it is important that people are aware. I felt that a hotel of this standard would have a suite which would impress in all respects and I suppose I felt that it was a bit of a half baked effort.Pool- basement pool, looks good. would be fine for thrashing up and down doing lengths but something about the room was a bit echoey and noisy so if you are someone who likes a gentle swim to chill out, I'm not sure this is your place. There was a guy in having swimming lessons when we were there. Would we stay there again?- for decent rate of around £200 a night and for a short break then yes I would- simply because for a very stylish place and great location it is an ok deal ( we recently spent a week in the Radisson Edwardian at South Kensington for around £160 a night and it is truly awful for that price so in London I guess it is all relative).It was not a patch on Carlisle Bay- I know we are talking very different locations but the design of the rooms- which is partly what you pay for- didn't measure up.	
Jul 17 2006 	Local resident but still impressed	I am a London resident, but needed to stay in Central London for one evening. My first choice, The Covent Garden Hotel, was fully booked, so I headed to One Aldwych. I was upgraded to an enormous corner suite which was a delight and had everything one could ask for and quite a lot I'd never even thought of asking for! It seems slightly churlish to complain, especially about something beyond the hotel's control, but because of the design of the building this opulent suite had a terrible and potentially noisy view over a building site. If I were a visitor who had paid the enormous rack rate for the suite, I'd be a bit fed up that all I got to see from my window was the redevelopment of a plot on Aldwych that looks like a war zone - maybe they warn guests when they book that suite, I hope so.I had dinner at Axis which was nice, but not much more in all honesty - the restaurant is located in an interesting room, but it slightly lacks atmophere and whilst the food was pleasing, it was far from memorable which for the price might be expected. I certainly would advise visitors to London who are staying at the hotel to look further afield for fine dining.All in all though, a terrific stay - it doesn't beat The Covent Garden Hotel for me and I would still head there before anywhere else in Central London, but that is I suspect more a reflection of personal taste and preference. I am sure anyone who stays at One Aldwych will have a wonderful time and enjoy an elegant, discrete and warm welcome in a beautiful environment.	
Jul 15 2006	Overrated Overpriced and Uncomfortable!!!	After traveling extensively through more than 50 countries in 6 continents, and having stayed at the Savoy, Claridge, Churchill, Hyde Park, and Dukes hotels in my previous visits to London, I found the One Aldwych one of the most uncomfortable &quot;five star&quot; hotels I have ever stayed at anywhere. My family occupied room numbers 504, 505, and 506. All were extremely small, with little closet space, too much furniture for the very limited space, and lots of light coming in the morning through the ill fitting curtains. Two of the rooms had a curved in column next to one side of the bed which caused us to bump our heads if we were not careful getting in and out of bed. The showers measure a little over 2' x 2', feeling more like upright coffins than showers in a luxury hotel. Except for room 506, the other two bathrooms were very small and the sink was located next to a column that did not allow enough space to raise our arms to properly brush our teeth or wash our face without hitting our elbows. Positive reviews I've read talk about the fenomenal service. However, the little need I had for the concierge, he gave me the wrong directions to the theater which almost cost me to be late for the play.The hotel is housed in an old building, is of modern minimalistic interior with neutral colors and comfortable beds and its centrally located close to Covent Garden and the theater district. However, the closest two underground stations are at least 5 minutes walk away which can be too far when, as is too common in London, it rains.I will never stay at this hotel again. As a matter of fact, if it weren't so time consumming I would have changed hotels after the first night.At £365 per night (aproximately $700 dollars at the exchange rate during my stay), location and nice decor do not justify the price. I am surprised and even outraged that Leading Hotels of the World and American Express considered this property one of the best in London. It may have the hipe but definetly not the standards of a first class hotel.	
May 29 2006	Fantastic central london pad	Spent our wedding anniversary here for one night, Staff were fantastic, room was superb , service excellent, food very very good. Price reflects what you get. If you want somewhere special for a special event , you will not go wrong by staying here . Everything from arrival to the toileteries reflects the epitomy of taste that this hotel embodies.	
May 10 2006 	Fabulous Hotel!	I just returned from a week-long stay at One Aldwych. I was in London on business and this is the second time I have stayed at the hotel. The hotel is fabulous. The rooms are modern and immaculate. The bathroom is spacious and has a large separate bathtub. Room service breakfast and dinner are both excellent, as are both of the hotel restaurants. Service is impeccable -- they are able to quickly assist with anything, including business-related requests. The fitness center is new, clean and equipped with anything you need. Centrally-located, with an upbeat lobby bar, I would return to One Aldwych anytime I stay in London. Perfect for those who want quality and comfort, with modern amenities, and without the stuffiness of many expensive hotels.	
May 4 2006	Modern and Refined	Boutique hotels come in many different flavors. One Aldwych, while contemporary and modern, is also refined, quiet and elegant. If you're looking for a trendy/lively hotel, this is not the place to pick. But for excellent service, a fantastic location and a decadent experience, you can't go wrong here.	
May 3 2006	One Aldwych would be our Two choice	Well I guess I would have to say that we like the hotel, however I'm not sure we would stay here again. We stayed in a corner suite on the third floor over looking Waterloo Bridge. Our room was quite nice and large, however our friends standard room was very small. I have been in London many times and am aware of the fact the rooms at most of the hotels are going to be small so it was no surprise to me. The breakfast in the morning is the usual buffet variety, nothing to write home about. The lobby bar, which by the way is the entire lobby of the hotel is very busy and packed with non-guest so if your staying here it's going to be almost impossible to enjoy it. The bed was comfortable and the bathrooms are nice, but the shower is so small you can't turn around in it. The staff is very international here and friendly. The location is great if your going to be spending your time in the area. If you think your going to be around the shopping area, Hyde Park, and so on, then its out of the way. This is one of the better hotels in London, but I think its geting a little more hype than it deserves.	
Mar 24 2006 	Its well worth a stop for a drink in the lobby bar.	I read quite a few reviews on Trip Advisor about this property before making the arrangements to stay for a week in the fall of 2004. I try to get to London least a week or two a year and I always enjoy trying interesting new places, as well staying in a few old favorites. This seemed to be the latest new contemporary hotel on the scene for a stay in London, so I thought that I’d have a look for myself. The location is superb; right at the end of the Strand. I’d heard first-hand that a number of the guest rooms are quite small however, so I arranged an executive room for an additional charge. My room was large and quite comfortable with an excellent view looking across the theaters to Covent Garden. I found the service was pleasant, but certainly not exceptional. I felt for some reason that the hotel was a little cold and impersonal and it just didn’t feel like my home away from home for the week I was there.The lobby is really quite magnificent, as it’s a former bank, and its definitely worth stopping in for a drink. For the price that I paid though, I much prefer one of the grand old hotels.	
Mar 15 2006	The Best Hotel in London By a mile	i spend over half the year in hotels, this is by far the best hotel in london. The service is AMAZING every single thing about it, the hotel was just perfect, ive stayed here now over 12 times and everytime without fail lives upto expectation. The staff have all been there for years with no sign of being bored its fantastic. The food and the rooms deserve the highest award. Compare this 5 star hotel to any others in london and you will find no comparison. if its a special occasion mention it, i was there for my aniversary we recieved a bottle of champage when we checked in and a bottle at dinner truley went out of there way to make sure our stay was perfect in every way.Gary	
Feb 27 2006	great service great bathrooms!	We often visit One Aldwych's Lobby Bar for drinks before the theatre/opera, and have eaten in both restaurants a couple of times. Treated ourselves to an overnight stay last weekend, and loved every moment. The quality of staff and the service they provide are a benchmark of excellence that other hotels should aspire to. Sure, a standard room isn't big, but the bed is wonderfully comfortable, the in-room entertainment facilities, inc CD player are great, and there is even a TV in the bathroom. Talking of the bathrooms, they are superb - stylish, spacious, comfortable, with wonderful toiletries. I love this place, and would definitely save my pennies to go again!	
Feb 20 2006	Great	We stayed for two nights, and really liked the hotel. It is very clean, stylish and modern without being stuffy. The service was very good, as is the location. Would certainly go back.	
Feb 16 2006	Superb Service 	From the moment you arrive to the moment you leave, the staff are excellent, in fact the most helpful and friendly you will meet in any hotel.The room was excellent, having a little one with us, we splashed out on the executive suite and it was very spacious with nice details. Only suggestion would be to upgrade the TV's to LCD. The noise from the airplane style toilet did not bother us, more a feature.Room service food and drinks were delectable.Location doesn't come much better than this.Would definately stay here again, one of the best we have ever stayed in.	
Feb 8 2006	Pricey but worth it	Stayed at one Aldwych Friday and Saturday night and found it (almost) faultless. We had a studio suite which was a large circular room at the front of the building with three huge windows overlooking the strand and waterloo bridge. The room was contemporary chic in style, the bed was huge and very comfortable and the lighting (contrary to previous reviews ) was readily adaptable to different moods and simple to use.The bathroom was equally stylish although the bath was a little small and the plumbing was strangely noisy - apparently its designed to use much less water but it sounds like an aircraft toilet and as much as I condone environmental ambitions Im not sure it was the best choice.The location of One Aldwych makes it ideal for theatre land and covent garden, and the london eye and westminster are all in easy walking distance.I only had drinks in the lobby bar which is great meeting place so I cant really comment on the restaurants (Had dinner in le palais du jardin in covent garden and Yauatcha in Soho both of which I can highly recommend - especially Yauatcha)Finally, the service throughout the hotel is absolutely of the highest quality which does set this hotel apart from others in London.	
Jan 3 2006	Second visit even better than the first!	Spent six delightful days in London, again in the care of the hospitality professionals at One Aldwych. This was the second time staying with them, and I enjoyed it even more than the initial visit. They remembered requests that I had made during first stay, and had things in place to offer same services during recent visit. In addition to the fresh fruit and flowers, another nice touch was wonderful candy that was left on two occasions. Perfect location, with hotel housed in a charming older building with contemporary furnishings. Service was top notch. Pricey, but I found it to be well worth it. Only minor complaint would be the eco-friendly plumbing, which makes some strange noises.	
Nov 28 2005	Not up to the hype	A poor hotel for the price paid. The obvious strength is the location but this is the only strenght. I found the rooms to be surprisingly small, the service was slow throughout and the bathroom made all sorts of strange noises! The hotel is poorly laid out and there are all sorts of annoying things about the room features. End of the day, there is no real substance to the hype about the place.	
Sep 24 2005 	Best Staff in London	The One Aldwych staff is the best in London. They are very attentive and they make it a habit of getting to know your habits so they can cater to your personal preferences. The housekeeping staff is especially good. The rooms vary considerably and some are much better than others. The hotel has a quirky chic feel which is fun. The pool and gym are absolutely awesome. The location is ideal for West End activities with a short walk to all the theaters, Covent Garden, Soho, Trafalgar and Picadilly. It is a bit of a hike to Oxford Street and to Hyde Park but I personally find the Strand to be one of the most convenient central locations is London.A stay at the One Aldwych always leaves me feeling upbeat and refreshed. Not stuffy and overbearing like the Savoy, Marriott County Hall, etc.	
Sep 10 2005 	Minimalist chic striking hotel	This is a pretty fun hotel to stay in. Its style and quality combined with a good location more than offsets the fact that it's not necessarily the most comfortable hotel out there.The front entrance welcomes you into a striking and stylish bar area, and it doesn't take long for you to recognize that this hotel is a place to be. Contrary to previous reviews, the bar was never packed wall to wall with people and while it was high end, it was also very accessible. It's a remarkably tall room, with one of the hotel's restaurants overlooking it - which also looks like a place to be seen. The style is minimalist cool, but that doesn't preclude it from having comfortable chairs, gracious staff and a handsome bar.Rooms are certainly small, but are complete with a lot of cool and interesting fixtures. Following in the minimalist tone, the rooms have unique lighting, a great and interesting bathroom area, and a sleek looking bed. Everything was spotless and remarkably clean. I ate in both hotel restaurants - one that shares a room overlooking the bar area, and one that is through another entrance, which spirals downstairs into another chic, trendy and dramatic room. I also ordered in room service a number of times -- all told, the food was very good, if pricey, and the two restaurants rank as some of the best in Covent Garden. Lots of healthy, organic and interesting things on the menu.I love the location of this place in that it's literally a four minute walk from the Covent Garden market, and a 15 minute walk to the heart of Soho - but is actually on a somewhat quiet street around a few corners from the heart of the action. My only reservation about the hotel was around comfort and being user-friendly. There on business, I had to use the internet and desk as on office, and the desk was absolutely tiny. There was almost no other furniture in the room, and so my clothes were packed into a small and inconvenient closet area. The lighting system in my room was so complicated that I never did quite get the hang of it, and had to call engineering once to help me understand how everything got turned on and off (which was apparently not a unique event for the engineer who showed up at my door.)When I told other Londoners where I was staying, I got a universal swoon -- and I think it's largely justified. All in all, I'd love to stay here again for a few nights, and I do recommend the experience. But for an extended stay, I might consider the Waldorf Hilton next door (where I stayed the following week), which is plenty stylish while having rooms that are a good deal more comfortable.	
Aug 14 2005	Loved it	We absolutely loved everthing about this this hotel! The entire staff from the doorman to the spa personal were friendly and accommodating. Our room (a standard with twins) had very comfortable beds, bath with a heated floor, and was amazingly quite. We did not eat at the restaurant but had wonderful snacks and drinks in the lobby bar (they will reserve a table for you if you are staying here.) The service, location (2 blocks from our theater) and atmosphere were all first rate. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 18 2005	Brilliant staff fabulous hotel	Stayed here Sat (16th July 2005) with my husband as we were going to The Producers at Theatre Royal Dury Lane (its just around the corner) - I really dont know how anyone could fault this hotel - great location, excellent consisitant service, all the staff are very friendly and helpful.We were very lucky the receptionist upgraded us to a suite. We had dinner Sat, and breakfast Sun, in the Indigo restaurant and the food was excellent.This hotel is exceptionally clean, crisp white bed linen and wonderful pillows!! We travel a fair amount and stayed at many 5 star hotels throughout London and the world but have to say you would go a long way to beat this hotel.	
Jun 20 2005 	Syle over substance	My wife and I stayed at One Aldwych in early June as we were both in London on business. I had heard a lot about the hotel and was quite excited to stay there, unfortunately the experience wasn't what I had expected.Overall the hotel is nice, it's in a great location for business and leisure, the amenities like the pool are nice, but it's not quite up to the 5-star standards they claim.We found the quality in the details to be lacking and it seemed as though the perception of quality and sophistication was of greater importance than actually delivering a 5-star experience. It all seemed rather haughty to me.For example, one night after work my wife and I asked the concierge for a restaurant recommendation - something good, casual and not touristy. He gave us nothing because, as he said, &quot;we're a 5-star hotel and our guests are only interested in very nice things so we only recommend 5-star restaurants&quot;. I was a bit taken aback by the condescending comment but I let it go and was more frustrated by the fact that the concierge simply didn't know his stuff - it's easy to recommend the hotel restaurant or one of Gordon Ramsey's places but a good concierge can cover the gamut and this guy obviously wasn't up to par.Oh and that flushing sound that others commented about - it's very odd. Whenever you run the water (shower or sink) it sounds as though the room above is flusing their toilet every 10 seconds.So in the end, it's a bit too snooty for me and the quality/service doesn't justify the price.	
Jun 8 2005 	Consistently high quality	I have stayed in this hotel about 10 times. Each time, the service has been consistently excellent and the rooms (from the smallest standard to suites) have been superb, though I think that in this hotel, you would not want to book less than an Executive Room, because the Aldwych Rooms are very small. I have stayed in a lot of luxury hotels all over the place, but this hotel reliably offers what I need in a hotel for business and for leisure. Several of the posts on this site complain about the bar service - it is a very popular bar, especially before the theatre, and space is cramped. Staff in my experience do an excellent job balancing the needs of bar patrons with the paying guests. If they err on the side of assisting the guests, as opposed to &quot;hen parties&quot;, this is what they should do, given that the rooms are at a minimum 250 pounds a night.	
May 17 2005	Don't be fooled by the glamour looks can be deceiving	This weekend we visited the lobby bar at One Aldwych, on the recommendation of friends, for a few drinks, to celebrate a friends upcoming nuptials. We were only a small hen party (10) and we were definitely not boisterous or loud. The only thing that gave us away as a hen party was a few silly items we made the 'hen' wear.The staff treated us so badly it was unbelieveable. They were pretentious, snooty, and condescending to us all bar one of the party. We were ushered from one area to the next, told we would not be seated as we were not hotel guests, and generally treated as if we were too common to be there.Yes, the decor of the place was beautiful, the cocktails quite sublime, but at such high prices and they charge you 12.5% service charge (which was quite ironic being as we had to go to the bar and collect the drinks ourselves) - and then to receive such bad service.The hotel may look classy, and I'm certain other elements are, but looking classy or trendy, and charging your customers extortionate price does not automatically equate to excellent service. I'm not certain their staff actually understand the term 'class' as if they had class they would not be treating people the way they did. Sadly, this is not one venue I would rush to go back to, based on our experience.	
May 2 2005	Superb service	My partner and I stayed at One Aldwych for a long weekend - it was my treat to him because that weekend he was running the London marathon for the first time. I really hoped for a 5 star weekend but without the snotty, unfriendly and sometimes intimidating staff that come with 5* in London - and I think we got everything we wanted at One Aldwych.The room we stayed in was one up from their standard (which I had read in reviews was very small - in fact when I phoned them they recommended that for a couple staying for more than one night, the standard rooms would probably be found to be small) and although it wasn't huge it served our needs perfectly. It was quiet, beautifully decorated and the bed was wonderfully comfortable - fabulous pillows as well! The bathroom was excellent - a separate power shower cubicle as well as bath - and a little TV too! However, the thing that really made it so special was the service - by every single member of staff we came across - they were all friendly, welcoming and nothing was too much trouble. I had told them that my partner was running in the marathon and that I was going to be out supporting him - so they showed me the umbrella in the wardrobe for guests use if it was raining and when I phoned down to ask if they had a map, virtually instantly they had pushed under the door an envelope in which was a tube map, a road map of central London AND they had photocopied a map of the route with all the best places to see the runners. When we got back to the hotel after the marathon (which was walking / hobbling distance from the finish line) we wanted to celebrate with a glass of champagne at the bar in the lobby but all the tables were reserved - they had some sort of a reception on as all the men were in DJ's and women were glammed up in evening dresses, and there we were with my partner still in his smelly running gear. But contrary to another review I read, the bar staff were great, they just moved one of the &quot;Reserved&quot; signs at a table by the bar &amp; moved chairs round so that we could sit down. I honestly couldn't have asked for anything more from them. Superb (but it was pricey!)	
Apr 17 2005	Superb location and great place to relax	We stayed at One Aldwych for my partners birthday and was extremely impressed with all it has to offer. We upgraded to a suite that i must say is the best room that i have had the pleasure of staying in (in London). The view was a 180 degree of the Strand. We have also stayed at St Martins, The Sanderson and the Waldorf and One Aldwych comes out on top every time!!!The only downfall during our stay was that the restaurant was closed so we decided to go to the Wolseley. We had a fantastic breakfast in our room the next morning and both left feeling like the cost (expensive) was fully justified and we would definately return!!.	
Mar 27 2005	Not very impressed	We stayed here in late February for a long weekend and were not impressed at all. The room we were given was tiny...barely enough room to walk around, and we had to put one suitcase on the chair and the other in the tiny closet just so we COULD walk around. This is a very modern hotel which does not bother me, however the light switches and control knobs in the room were rather confusing as to which did what. Forget the electronic key card system for entering our room...half the time it worked and the other times it did not....resulting in frequent trips back down to the lobby to get a new one made.We also found the staff to be somewhat pretentious, and in a few cases down right rude. On our first night, a Friday, we were to meet friends in the Lobby Bar. This must be one of the hottest spots in London for trendy people to hang out as it was packed!! We waited for a small table to open up and upon preceeding to sit down, a very surly cocktail waitress told us it was &quot;reserved&quot;. When I mentioned that we were hotel guests, she backed off and allowed us to sit. Needless to say, we were a bit annoyed with her attitude.On a plus side, the location of this hotel is great...right next door to The Lyceum Theatre (The Lion King) and within a short walk to other theatres and Covent Garden. For the prices you pay to stay here however, we feel you can do much better in the area in terms of service and comfort. Just behind the One Aldwych is the Waldorf Hilton, whose prices are a tad cheaper and it looks just as nice.	
Mar 14 2005	Fantastic location and good vibes	This hotel is brilliantly located for theatres and Covent Garden. We stayed for just one Saturday night when going to see The Producers at Theatre Royal Drury Lane - literally 3 minutes walk from hotel. We stayed in Room 410 - a corner suite with tri-aspect windows overlooking Waterloo Bridge and rooftops over Strand. Enormous sitting room, smallish bedroom, small private gym with full weights machine, running machine etc (in suite - yes, really!) separate toilet and bathroom off bedroom. Suite was spacious and contemporary in feel but for these prices I want attention to detail - soft furnishings were grubby around the edges, paintwork chipped and worn in places, paintings not hung correctly, pictures lights off centre, light fittings wonky - all this really stands out in minalimist room. MOST annoying thing about hotel was its supposedly environmentally friendly vacum waste water system - flush the toilet or let water run out of basin or bath and for up to a good 20 minutes afterwards the whole room literally shakes and vibrates as the vacum system whooshes away the waste water in dribs and drabs instead of in one go - quite how this helps saves our planet I'm unsure..but is doesn't lend itself to peace and quiet. Hotel itself is of contemporary design, lots of mood lighting, lots of sculpture, pictures, plants - good buzzy vibe to Lobby bar and Axis restaurant. Overall though definitely needs a good spruce up and soft furnishings replaced - I'm a stickler for detail and notice these things but it didn't mar my enjoyment of hotel one bit. Service was outstanding from the doorman (definitely didn't share experiences of earlier reviewers but then I'm not American) to room service to security guys (I left all my valuables in safe on checking out and they were prompt in recovering them and returning them to me) to Reception - except strangely in Indigo restaurant for lunch (food was excellent but service so sloooowwww and they were hardly busy - and when we asked for the bottle of wine we hadn't finished drinking to be sent to our room they put a cork in the bottle and returned it to our table for us to take up ourselves...hmmmm...I don't think so...). We had pre-theatre two course dinner in Axis restaurant and amazingly the food was appalling yet the service was brilliant- I say amazingly because everyone else I know who has eaten in Axis restaurant has said the food has been oustanding and the service has been appalling - just goes to show how experiences can differ so wildly. All in all I can highly recommend this hotel - very conveniently located and really friendly helpful staff. They just need to weild a paintbrush and sewing machine here and there, be more consistent with service and food quality in their restaurants and they'll have it nailed again. If you don't stay then at least have a drink in the Lobby Bar - you will love it	
Mar 12 2005	Absolutely Fabulous	I stayed here at One Aldwych with my husband for Valentine's Weekend and we absolutely loved it. I had been a bit nervous booking such a hip and trendy hotal, locally known as &quot;the place to be&quot;, but on arriving we were greeted by attentive, young and friendly staff, who were down to earth and not even slightly &quot;snobby&quot;.Good points - Fabulous location, 1 min from Covent Garden, short walk from Waterloo. Fantastic tendy interior decoration, with no expensive spared fixtures and fittings. Arty bar with buzzing atmosphere at night, but dressed down in daytime. Two amazing restaurants and great room service.Bad points - Hard to say, rooms a little on the small side, and given central location rooms on lower floors probably a bit noisy from road traffic.All in all, I thoroughly recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend, or a business trip, it caters for both excellently. Location couldn't be better and only 1 min from the Savoy if you are feeling &quot;touristy&quot; and require afternoon tea.	
Feb 16 2005	Spectacular service	We stayed in the One Aldwych late last year, on a holiday trip to London with my 3 year old son and my mother. We've stayed in most of the top hotels in London, but were particluarly impressed by the One Aldwych for its service, facilities and location. The staff could not do enough for us, and the minature robes and slippers for my son were a wonderful touch! Tables were automatically reserved for us in the 'happening' lobby bar each evening and the food and service at the Indigo restaurant was superb. The welcome and attention given to my 3 year old was second to none, even though this is quite a trendy hotel, and we feared that he might not be made too weclome in the restaurants. The pool and spa facilities were great, and the location, just off the Strand and in London's theatre land is fantastic. Rooms are nicely appointed but a little small - not the sort of sumptuous rooms you'd get at Claridges - but this hotel has so much else going for it, that really didn't matter to us.	
Jan 31 2005	Great service but	I travel to London for business at least six times a year and I like the Covent Garden area for its convenience to my London office. This was the first (and last) time I stayed at One Aldwych. The positives: beautiful lobby and cocktail area, restaurant is excellent, location is great, service is excellent and friendly, pool is great.The negatives: the room was tiny and the one they showed me first was even smaller. This is a very stylish small hotel and I would characterize it as style over substance. Small bathroom, fussy fixtures and poor closet space. Not to my taste, maybe to yours.Finally, not inexpensive. 238 pounds/night, plus VAT.	
Jan 23 2005	Convenient Classy Comfort	Wonderful hotel on London's strand - Convenient location right near West End theater (Lion King nearby, others all within walking distance), Covent Garden shopping and eating, and underground stations. Warm, welcoming staff explained all about the hotel, room and facilities upon arrival. Rooms ready for 10 am arrival from the US made things even more comfortable.Modern rooms with turno down service was spot on. Breakfast available, although nearby Starbucks provided enough punch for an early wakeup. Very impressive gym and full size pool - all very clean,well cared for, top notch machines. Bar area very relaxing during the afternoon, and hopping with activity in the evening.Highly recommended.	
Dec 3 2004	Great location facility and staff	We wrapped up a ten day visit to England with two nights at the hotel. The location is great for being in the center of London. The facilities are first rate and the staff willing to accomadate your needs. It is a class act.	
Oct 6 2004	One Aldwych - # 1 with kids	On my sons 10th birthday I treated him (and myself) to a trip to London and the One Alwych Hotel. He (and I) loved it! It's not cheap, and we even spoiled ourselves with staying in one of the circular corner suites, but it was well worth it. My son loved the swimming pool in the basement. And he loved just relaxing in the room, wathing &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; on the telly and ordering milk-shakes from room service. It's good I make him work hard at home or he would be spoilt rotten! The design and amenities gave me a feeling of casual style and luxury. I look forward to go back with my wife on a romantic weekend without the kids!	
Sep 26 2004	Very Impressed	Stayed at One Aldwych earlier this year - everything was superb. The staff were helpful, rooms excellent, nice extra touches like a personal welcome card, fresh fruit and mineral water. Also has a very nice lap pool and health club!When the staff heard my girlfriend and I were getting engaged, they arranged for a bottle of champagne to be delivered to the room on the house!	
Sep 15 2004	great!!!	I stayed at the one aldwych on a business trip for 3 nights. Everything was excellent. Service and stuff attention are of the highest grade. I will definately stay there again.	
Aug 17 2004	Wedding great; rooms improved!	We got married near the hotel this year in Holborn. We used the One Aldwych for the wedding party group to get ready beforehand, arriving the day before the wedding. I had booked two bedrooms with an interconnecting door so that on the day of the wedding the boys could get ready in one room and girls in the other but the party could chat and have drinks as we got ready. My future mother-in-law and a girlfriend from Oz were going to share one room, my husband and myself the other room. I had expressly asked for two single beds for the ladies who were sharing; this was confirmed in the booking. Upon arriving we were shown into our rooms to discover yes they were single mattresses but they were sited on a double bed base! Cosy! As we wanted the interconnecting door we decided to stick with the arrangement. However when we got back from dinner we decided it was not going to be suitable; we felt we'd paid quite a lot of money for the rooms. I was quite unhappy that plans looked like they were going awry on my wedding day. We'd also received an email a few days before to say the pool was shut for cleaning but you could walk up the road to use another hotel. After some debate One Aldwych offered my husband and I another room (no charge) for our wedding night and for the two female guests to have the two existing rooms. I'd already unpacked all the wedding luggage for the Friday night and couldn't believe having to move rooms! But on the Saturday we packed up everything just before going to the wedding and the hotel sent up some porters to move everyone's luggage around whilst we were at the wedding. It was a mad scramble. It wasn't a great start to our visit to the hotel but once the hotel acknowledged there was a problem they went some way to help out. I had before booking checked they would serve any guests with drinks if we bought non hotel guests back. I was a bit worried there might be a problem but we had a great time in the hotel bar after the wedding. The bar staff served cocktails and drinks to our party of thirty or so people until gone 4am. Nobody at any point made us feel they were in a hurry to get rid of us. The hotel also delivered some champagne to our room. Although the rooms were smaller than expected they were wonderful with fresh fruit daily, high tech TVs in the bathroom and sumptious furnishings. I have very fond memories of our wedding party celebrations and am keen to go back to celebrate our first anniversary next year.	
Aug 7 2004	Overrated outdated and rude	On a recent stop over in London my husband and I decided to stay at the One Aldwych. We had good memories of the hotel from our first visit nearly six years ago when it just opened. What a mistake it was to go back. The hotel is suffering from it’s own heady publicity. Now, recognized as a chic “design” destination, it appears they no longer feel the need to make an effort or even update the décor which seemed a little dated and worn six years later. The staff, with the exception of the doormen, were snobbish, aloof and condescending—especially the “intercontinental” concierge who clearly detests Americans. We booked a standard room which, when converted, was about was six hundred dollars, not including breakfast or tax. Okay, the dollar is weak, but that doesn’t mean the service has to be. If you’re going to eat breakfast in the hotels much touted restaurant, be prepared to be greeted by un-approving stares if you’re not wearing a business suit. As it turns out this is a popular spot for early business breakfast meetings and is also a favorite of business locals for lunch and dinner and it seems the staff prefers it that way. The downstairs bar is heaving with “suits” many who reserve tables ahead of time. As a guest in the hotel, consider yourself a second-class citizen and if you’re an American, good luck, especially if you need the services of the concierge. I lived in London for five years and never encountered the unsubstantiated snobbery of this hotel. And to top it off, when we arrived home, there was a bill for an erroneous charge which was automatically billed to my credit card. After a few weeks, it was cleared up. If only my memories of the place would fade as quickly.	
May 9 2004	Above and beyond		
Apr 27 2004	Old British hospitality in the new millenium		
Apr 6 2004	Wonderful One Aldwych		
Jan 22 2004	LOVED IT!		
Jan 15 2004	Snotty Staff and small rooms		
Aug 10 2003	Love the location		
Jun 21 2003	Snooty!		
Jun 19 2003	Sophisticated gorgeous sleek!		
Mar 3 2003	Lovely top hotel in center of London		
Oct 13 2002	Super Hotel		
Oct 23 2009 	Entäuschend zum Wahnsinns-Preis		
Aug 24 2008 	Eccellente servizo personalizzato		
Dec 28 2007 	Hôtel d'exception		
