	Run down.	We arrived at 10am and understandably our room wasn't available but we checked in and were given a card with our room number. We left our luggage and had a day out. On our return, I asked for the key to the given room which was on the 3rd floor. We had been in the room for a couple of minutes when the 'phone rang. It was the receptionist asking me if I was sure I'd asked for the correct room key. She said we should have been in a different room but would ring back. The room was very tired and the bathroom smelt damp. There were twin beds and we had booked a double which was no big deal but when the receptionist called back I was happy with her suggestion to move to the room we should have been given as we decided it couldn't be much worse. Well . . . . . . There was a double bed and the bathroom didn't smell damp but it was all so old and in need of urgent renovation. The taps were down to the brass and covered in verdigris, (perhaps it was a feature) The shower head was so low down I had to duck down to wash my hair. I'm not tall but 5ft 2inches! There were no wardrobe doors which I am sure was NOT a feature. It looks as though the wardrobes should have had sliding doors. As with other posts on this site, the hand wash baisin was in the bedroom and not in the bathroom. We had to fiddle around in order to get the kettle to work and the TV remote took some working out. In order to change channels you had to press the channel number plus the TV button, odd. The hairdrier was nowhere near the mirror but at least there was one. The bed and pillows were comfortable but the duvet cover was made of a Polyester/cotton mix and was old and a bit bobbly. We were on the ground floor with a window overlooking a small quadrangle which was full of scaffolding with scaffold planks on top so no light at all came into the room in the morning. The continental breakfast wasn't too bad in spite of what people on this site have said. There were 4 different cereals, rolls, croissants, toast, preserves, ham, cheese, yoghurts and plenty of tea and coffee as well as fruit juices. On the Sunday it was raining very heavily and there were buckets in the bar area to catch the rain coming in. On the plus side the hotel is in a great area with 3 tube stations close by. Plenty of restaurants and a couple of Tesco metros plus other shops and a shopping centre with all the high street stores. Notting Hill is a 10 minute walk away with Kensington Gardens close by. At this time of year London hotels are very expensive and the place we usually stay was over £100 more than we'd paid earlier this year so I suppose you get what you pay for.	
	Bed bug hell	Stayed for one night and woke up in the morning to find a bed bug crawling across my duvet after helping himself to a tasty meal as I slept. Later that day I scratched a trail of bite marks along my upper leg. To make matters worse my sleep was ruined by a bathroom extractor fan that would not turn off and a gargling radiator beside my bed. Avoid this hotel	
Nov 18 2009 	good value...if you have rooms on 5th and 6th floors (ask for them!)	Really good value if you stay on the 5th and 6th floor were all the rooms were confortable and completely new...infact using the stairs (since the elevator blocked 2 times during our stay) you can see and feel the difference from the old building (ground floor to 4th) and the new one!!! I suppose they are rejuventing all the infrastructureOn the new rooms have all the confort from ironing to safe, from a spectacular bed to and 40'' LCD (i estimate:-)) ...Breakfast is fine...if you take the English one they will charge extra 5pound...Location Great in 5min you can take the Central line to Piccadilly or the Circle to Westiminster and the Tower Bridge	
Oct 31 2009 	Never again - Good location but that's about it	Hotel itself is on a very good location only a few minutes walk from queensway-station and 15min walk from the oxford-street. Everything else was a big disappointment. Rooms were old and tired with awful bathroom without floor drain so the water was everywhere. On the nights you could hear everything what's happening on other rooms because there seemed to be no soundproofing.Breakfast was poor with only cheese,ham and croissants with tea or coffee. You had to pay extra for eggs or sausages.Don't go here if you have to pay more than 40e/night.	
Oct 27 2009 	Worst breakfast ever	Bossy staff in restaurant, you can not sit where you please. Same approach three days. No smiling faces. Seated on a table with a bedsheet as tablecloth!!No egg, no fruit and no plain yoghurt to your breakfast. Not possible to have hot chocolate for teenagers. I will definitely not stay there again.	
Oct 18 2009	good location but watch out for the bed bugs!!!!	it was close to 2 underground stations - other than that, the walls were too thin that you hear the sounds ~ snoring , etc. from the adjacent room ! BED bug alert - my sister came home with bed bug bites!!!! I am hoping and praying I don't get them too!!!the restaurant was a good place for dinner.	
Aug 21 2009 	No Air-conditioning	i stayed in the club double with my partner for my birthday as we were seeing blur in hyde park. to start of i had to wait til 2pm to enter my room so had to float about for 3 hrs. then i was requested to pay 20 deposit for the room, i paid it in cash as i said that would do us 2 for the breakfast and bus to the airport. so i was happy with this arrangement.the room was gorgous really big spacious and pretty. the shower was amazying and really funky room :)the view was scaffolting.it was 32 degrees that weekend and there was no airconditioning, instead we got a fan that didnt circulate much air! went down to reception and the said some rooms have air conditioning, but feel secure that people that dont are complaining to. i paid extra for the fancy room and it was to hot!!! we sleep on the bed not in it..... when we eventually got to sleepwhen checking out the didnt give me my 20 in cash, instead they deducted it from the over all bill from my credit card. now when i handed over the cash when i arrived the reassured me il be getting it back in cash. i questioned this and the girl got her supervisor over who was the most coldest, rudest front desk person i ever meet!!! i had to take 20 out of the atm and i was charged extra fees and a high exchange rate just because i wasnt in ireland. id think twice before staying here again. the room was beautiful. but the staff, view, heat, lack of facilities was horrible. oh and the lift was broken for our stay... climb up 2 flights of stairs with bags in 32 degrees is great fun !!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Awful Stay dirty cramped hotel poor service	Grubby tiny rooms , poor service and standards of hygienge , crap breakfast , Have to pay me to stay there again , no adhrerance to DDA 2005 provision Glad to leave in morning	
Aug 5 2009 	Convenient	Room was small. Very convenient location - short walking distance to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, and Hyde Park. Breakfast was basic and there's an extra charge for cooked breakfast. Front staff was helpful.	
Jul 29 2009 	Comfort at an affordable price	I'm a student on a gap year from America, who visited the Blakemore hotel, located in the heart of London, late June this year. It was the perfect place for a tourist like myself, since it was comfortable, even egegant in ways, with staff who attended to all my requests. As for the room, it was just what I needed; a single bed and a tv in a traditional styled bedroom. The restaurant and bar was amazing, although I prefered going out clubbing to a greater extent, and this standard was met by the delicious breakfast which was served up in the early hours of the day. I was particularly delighted to find that there was available wifi, allowing me to use my itouch with ease. Staying at the Blakemore in Bayswater allowed me to abscond to nightlife swiftly.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not the Real Slim Shady at all!!!!!!!!!	Stayed in room 110 which was utterley appaling to my standards. I would not even allow my pet cat to stay here!!!!. But I noticed there is some sort of refurbishment taking place. Perhaps modernising the rooms would be a start followed by the bathrooms.Regards,Flash Gordon :)	
Jul 20 2009 	Good location cheap but with dreadful service.	The location of this hotel is very good – a two minute walk to Hyde Park and the tube. Rooms are clean, but poorly designed and laid out. The service was very poor. We waited 40 minutes for our dinner one night. They also charge for anything they can. There is no trouser press in the room, but for a charge, they will arrange for your trousers to be pressed. Also, the hotel has some kind of complicated arrangement with another party to provide telephone service. So, if you have a complaint about the charges, they tell you that there is nothing they can do because it is the responsibility of someone else. The charges are expensive for a service (contacting an international operator) which one can get at a call box for free. The closest call box is 3 blocks away. Also, internet access is 5GBP/hour.	
Jun 10 2009 	Trouble Trouble Trouble......	Biggest complaint - on our departure we asked receptionist to call a cab - 3 people to go to Paddington, drop off 1 person &amp; onto the Mayfair Holiday Inn. Cab driver charged £25. Not black cab but (gray van). We believe it was a private van. Cab had no meter &amp; no fare was given. We assumed it was ok as the hotel called them. Management has not responded to our complaints.Staff not knowledgeable - asked about siteseeing brouchures - told there was none available point blank.Stayed in a triple room on 2 separate times - 2 days before our trip to Budapest &amp; 1 day returning. 2 days was enough - had it not been difficult to find 3 twin beds we would not have returned the 1 day.Tiles in bathroom broken &amp; floor leaned to one side. Twin beds rolled when you sat on it - had to be careful when you sat down it didn't roll away from you. Carpet old &amp; worn.Scaffolds surrounded the building &amp; noise to follow. Elevator was not working - had to use staff elevator which fitted 2 people 2 suitcases &amp; had a 2 gates to open &amp; close which was very difficult to do while trying to maneuvering 2 suitcases. Elevator will not be working until October. At one point people were stuck in the elevator (which has no emergency button) and when we informed staff - no one seemed to care &amp; there was no hurry to help these people. We didn't trust the elevator after that.Stay at the Blakmore Hotel again - Never...	
Jun 1 2009 	Be Aware	Be aware that the front of this hotel &amp; lobby look great, but the rooms are very small and lavatory is in the bedroom. The twin beds were not attached to the walls and if you were not very careful , it would slide out from under you causing you to fall. There was very little space for luggage. There was no mirror for shaving or doing makeup. Lighting was very poor. Our room was very noisy as it was close the the service elevator. Bathroom was not very desireable as shower fixture was very old and hard to control.Continental breakfast was downstairs and consisted of a piece of toast and jelly while other guest had a full breakfast.	
Apr 25 2009	Cramped and very poor washing facilities	very disappointing, the handbasin was in the bedroom and the taps didn't work. If you managed to turn them on you couldn't turn them off again. Reported it to the reception who didn't have any maintainance on site until the following morning. They did turn up but problem still not fixed. Not very promising, will be holding the olympics in a few years time! Won't be recommending this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 18 2009 	If you travel for business this is definetly NOT the place to stay	We travelled to London to participate a conference. We flew there friday morning so we could have a short sightseeing before the conference starts. First we went to this hotel. The first impression was good, elegeant lobby. nice bar and more or less friendly staff. We left our luggage there (including my laptop, which was secured free of charge). We were told that we were unable to check-in as the earliest time to check-in was 3pm. So we went to the city. We came back around 4.30pm to check-in as we had to go to the opening ceremony by 7pm. We checked-in. There was 9 of us in 5 rooms. We all booked the same category of rooms (at least we thought so) for the same price.My colleagues had a fairly nice room which was newly fitted and was clean enough for the price of 99. Our room though was dredful. We changed rooms once becuase in the first room which we had been given the window was broken! We couldn't close it adn the glass itself was also cracked in a couple of places. I asked the reception to change our room but instead of this I was told to wait becuse somebody will go up and check it. Anyway finally somebody came. He tried to close it, luckily he couldn't so they had to change our room. They had no more twin rooms so I agreed to change to a double. I thought we will receive a proper one this time but this was not the case. Our secind room was probably as bad as the first one. The only difference here was that the window was not broken. The wallpaper was torn in several places, the bathroom didn't look like a bathroom that you could use- the tiles were broken, some of them were even loosely fit, the shower was disgusting, etc, the carpet was dirty, the furniture was broken, cracked and so on, so the whole room was completely worn out and unacceptable. But I had to get ready as we had to leave for the opening event so I thought I will have a shower but there was no hot water running from the tap! The 'hot' was barely warm so I decided to skip my shower.I went down to the reception again and asled for a new room. A room like that which my colleagues had received. The receptionist lady was not helpful and was quite angry with me this time and as there was other people I was told to wait. Well I told her that I can't as I have to go. Anyway finally she promised that by the time we come back I will have a proper room as well. So we cam back and expected to have a nice, tidy room where I could finally take my shower and go to bed after my long day. In fact this did not happen. A man who was the evening receptionist (anyway that lady was gone by 10pm) told me that they cannot change my room as they are fully booked. So we decided to leave and instead of apologising they wanted us to pay the first night as we have &quot;used&quot; our room in a manner as if I was some sort of immigrant who could happy to be there.We had argued for a while and finally decided to stay for the night. The bed was uncomfortable, I had hardly any sleep and had a tiring saturday after this. Saturday morning I went down for breakfast (which was included) but i didn't eat anything as there were hardly anything to choose from. Naturally they offered a &quot;deal&quot; for 4 pounds I could have English breakfast but I refused it. So Staurday morning I left this awful place and never ever wish to go there again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever!	This hotel looked amazing as it is set in a fab location, but this is as far as it goes. We booked this hotel for a valentine’s weekend away, only to find that the hotel's policy on admission varied from person to person especially management. This review comes in three parts- 1 price, 2 room 3 customer service.Price: The quoted price of this hotel on the website was £75 for 2 people for one night. There was no mention on their website or in the bookings site that they would need a deposit. Also as I have spent evenings due to work in many hotels in the past this one is the least value for money. The price they quote if you don’t book in advance can soar to over £250 for one night. If you are looking for value for money and a lovely night, you are better off booking the travel lodge or buying a tent and pitching it in Hyde Park.Room: I booked for a double room and received a small double squashed into a single room that smelt musty, as if damp had set in. The bed was not comfortable as you’d expect, springs were spiked and meant that there was not a comfortable to be had. The heat in the room was not sufficient for the British weather. The heater was fixed behind the bed head board and hence no heat in the room, the advertised room stated radio and TV however due the lack of reception in the room we could not even watch TV or listen to the radio we had to resort to using a mobile phone to listen to radio. The stated ‘mini bar’ was a kettle and 3 tea bags; it worked out better value to just go to the small convenience store 2 min down the road to get a box of tea bags and milk.The en-suite bathroom was what you would expect in a cheap hotel in the middle of a 3rd world country tiles were broken and the shower pumped sparse amounts of mildly warm water, a lime scaled filled shower hose and a cracked shower plate. After spending nearly £100 on a room for the night I expected more than a shack in the midst of London; although this is what I got, broken tiles on the floor, not only that the tiles begun to actually come off!!- if you are looking for a decent room in London I would never recommend this hotel even for one night.Customer Service: The customer service begun with a friendly and smart face however as the check in procedure continued the service transpired that they did not even know what the actual hotel policy was/is. My guest arrived early and was not let into the room and was not even told about the following: guest are to pre pay £20 for a deposit on the room – which is understandable, however the guests are told to pre pay via credit card, some were offered the option of £20 by cash, this meant that my guest had to wait 2 hours to even enter the room. The staff were accommodating at the end of our stay as they were able to have a luggage facility which enabled us to travel around London, This Hotel is Poor and not even worth a glance, If you want a decent night’s sleep in a comfortable bed and relaxing place to stay I would advise to find an alternative to this grimy and sullied hotel.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Value	The wife and I were looking for a cheap hotel as we were over from Ireland to see atheatre show on a budget. Booked a double room for £50 and wasn't expecting much. Was delighted to see a bar in the hotel which stayed open till after midnight. Room was basic but clean. Breakfast was much better than expected. Overall, if you are on a budget this is a grand spot, close to the tube and centre of London.	
Jan 5 2009 	basic rooms dirty and unhelpful staff	when we arrived, the receptionist couldn find our booking so kept us waiting half an hour while she sorted paperwork out, without any communication. Instead she giggled and chatted with the other girls on reception whilst ignoring the customers queuing at the check in desk. We were finally given a cramped room with the washbasin next to the bed and a toilet that didn flush.It was so hot in there we requested a room change. The staff told us to pack out bags ready and they would arrange a change. The room we were given was unclean with hair clumps in the plughole of the sink and torn sheets but as it was our last night so we endured.The breakfast staff were not friendly and food was basic ie cereal.there was a lot of noise in the hotel as renovations were taking place. Wouldnt choose to stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Amazing value on a budget!	We managed to find a last muniue reduced rate online for this hotel, at £90 total for a twin room for 2 nights, and for the money, did not expect such an impressive and efficient hotel. Ours bags were looked after for us, the barman was charming, and the shower was impressively powerful! All in all, if I had paid £178 for a room, I may be disappointed - but for the £24 each a night that two young ladies for a fun few days away in the city paid, its absolutely perfect. After all, do you really come to London to sit in a hotel room and look at a basin (whether beside your bed or otherwise?). No you sit in the bar.....which, incedentally is open until 1am...Enjoy. Highly recommended.	
Dec 30 2008 	My bag was stolen while I was checking in at the hotel! reception	At about 20.30 hours on November 9th 2008 I arrived to THE BLAKEMORE for three nights stay being once again a visitor to the World Travel Market). Within a few minutes from my entry and while I was standing in front of the hotel reception desk to check in, one of my two bags was stolen. The hotel showed neither sympathy nor compassion! Hotel manager and staff were totally uninterested! Immediately after the theft and checking the hotel floors with the hotel's night auditor we met an Asiatic man circulating freely in the corridor of the 1st floor. This same man was sitting at short distance from the reception desk with a couple, who disappeared the same time I noticed that my bag flew away. Questioned by the night auditor the Asiatic man answered he was not a hotel resident but just visiting friends staying in 211 (room of 2nd floor!). The hotel manager refused to let me see the films of the security cameras, while he had already informed the police that the cameras didn't register anything of the robbery so that the police closes the case. Before I left the hotel he admitted to me that he had ...forgotten to check the third camera! He promised to send me a CD with the films and he never did!Looking at reviews about this hotel I noticed other cases of thefts in this hotel, even from its very hotel rooms! THE BLAKEMORE is a filthy, awful, dangerous and highly insecure hotel and it is a pity that booking.com insists to promote it.	
Nov 25 2008 	Let down by the Service	We stayed for one night and for a budget hotel, the public areas and the room were very good. Certainly we had a room that had been reconditioned. It may have been a bit on the small size, but the decor was good, and the beds were very comfortable indeed. However, it was let down badly by the service from the Bar. We arrived at 2.00 pm on a Saturday afternoon and we were unable to order any sandwiches, (although advertised on the Bar menu)Then the staff were unable to make any coffee (although various different types of coffee were advertised on the menu). Then my friend decided to ask for a Stella, but the Stella pump was empty. Early evening I visited the Bar again, looked at the menu and decided to order a cocktail, a Singapore Sling, which was advertised. Firstly the member of staff didnt know what one was, then when I showed her the menu, she told me that no cocktails were available. I'm afraid that the service from the Bar, let down the whole experience. I hadnt asked for anything that was not advertised in the menu! If you cant provide the items dont advertise them!	
Nov 21 2008 	Grotty One Star	Outside &amp; reception deceiving . Once you see the rooms you will be so disappointed. The decor is 1 star - hand basin not in bathroom but beside the bed.The first room's TV was unwatchable so we were given another room reluctantly after being told that it might be fixed tomorrow. We checked that the TV was ok &amp; went out to dinner nearby as it was after 8 pm. when we returned at 10 pm we noticed that there was no water in the hot tap or shower but as we were tired we thought we would manage until the morning.This was only the start - the toilet did not flush - the radiators did not cool down &amp; made a dreadful noise all night. The street outside was noisy &amp; the builders arrived at 6am - yes the hotel is being refurbished.We went down for breakfast &amp; reported the problems first thing &amp; were told to back our belongings &amp; come back at 2pm when a new room would be ready. Fortunately we were going to be out most of the day anyway &amp; a working room was given to us on our return ( no apology). Decor still that of a cheap B&amp;B not a 3 star hotel so but the beds were OK &amp; breakfast very basic.	
Nov 17 2008 	Noisy Hotel	i stayed at this hotel for 2wks in November it was the worst fortnight i have ever had in London...I was working on constant nightshift but was,nt told about any works being done until i was woken with constant banging all day long, so i was eventually moved to the floor below me 3RD which was no better as they were ripping all the ceilings down and again banging all day and the mess of the corridors with all there materials was a disgrace. My room was very outdated and very small with the heating on constant could,nt get if off as there was no regulator my bathroom was tiny at 1 point there was no hot water for 2 days(no explination given) the alarms kept going off just a poor hotel altogether	
Oct 27 2008	Could be worse!!	After reading all the other reviews I was quite unsettled about staying here. I was travelling with a large group and this was booked months previously.I have stayed in a large number of B&amp;Bs and hotels around the world and I have definitely stayed at far worse than the Blakemore and I think it is not as bad as it is all made out to be. What I want from a hotel is an ensuite and a clean bed with fresh sheets. Yes it is a little old fashoned with worn carpets and a sink in the main room does seem outdated. However, the rooms were clean and smelled ok. I was in a twin room and it seemed large enough for my needs. As with any old room there are a few cracks and peeling wallpaper but they are in the middle of renovations.It is close to tube stations and Kensington Gardens in a quiet street, many restaurants are close by as well.I stayed here for 3 nights at a cost of about 50 quid/night. I think if you got a similar deal then I would consider it but there are many nicer places to stay in london above this price especially if you try the last minute hotel websites and get good deals.If I could get a cheap enough price I would consider staying here again but I usually prefer to be a little closer to town.If you are used to a Holiday Inn or Hilton type hotel room you will be disappointed. If you stay in B&amp;Bs in some of the more remote parts of Britain then this room is fairly similar to that.	
Oct 11 2008 	Was shocked at the standard of the room.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel, between 7th to 9th October, and paid a total of £178 for a double room. The room was tony, with tha bathroom having space, just enough, for a bath/shower and a toilet. The washhand basin was in the main area of the room. The bed was against the wall which meant one of us had access into and out of the bed, with the other person having to clamber out, or shimmy to the foot of the bed and then shuffle sideways along the foot of the bed. My husband and I are thankfully not large people, so I don't know how someone of 6ft would manage to move at all. The furniture was in a state, with varnish peeling off the wardrobe. All I can say is that the room was clean, not much to keep clean, and that staff were fairly friendly. Initially when I made a complaint about the room, the member of staff I spoke to, said we may be moved to a 'nice' room. However, when I spoke with the manager, we negotiated a discount, and a late checkout instead. Although the negotiaion was fine, he was somewaht surprised at 'my demands' - I was surprised that he could not see what the problem was. This has been the worst hotel room I have every stayed in. On the defense of the hotel in general, I belive they do have the majority of their rooms to a good standard of sixe etc, however, this room was not fit for purpose.	
Sep 14 2008 	Do not stay at this Hotel !!!!!!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Blakemore Hotel last weekend September 6 and 7 .The outside of the hotel looks very good,as is reception.We checked in and went to our double room.What a shock.The room was about 7 feet wide. You could not sit on the side of the bed , the room was so narrow.There was no air conditioning except a stand up contraption that circulated the hot air around the room.The window would not open more than 2 inches.The bathroom was tiny and you could not close the door. I am not exagerating.We travel to London often and have stayed in various hotels always very good or excellent ,this was absolutly disasterous. We enjoyed our trip not our hotel.	
Sep 11 2008 	Very bad hotel	We were staying in the hotel for 4 nights. Everything seemed to be ok until the night fell down. Fire alarms came every night for four nights and the staff had nothing to say about it. No apologies, no explanations. Breakfast was really poor. Their &quot;continental breakfast&quot; means only bread, butter and coffee/tea/juice and some breakfast cereals. Nothing else unless you pay 4 pounds for english breakfast which didn't seem a much better. Only positive thing is the location. You can easily get away from the hotel. So if you just need a place to drop your bags and change clothes and take a shower this might be a really nice hotel. And of course if you like the sound of a very loud fire alarm you can even consider sleeping there a night or two.	
Aug 15 2008 	Be Afraid!!!	Luckily we only had to stay at this rip-off dump for one night. My partner and I had travelled all over Europe and were pleasantly surprised by the high standard of accommodation considering the price we paid. On our last night we wanted to stay somewhere special so we picked the Blakemore, which turned out to be terrible!!!!!We booked a superior double room and we were given a tiny room just big enough to fit ourselves and our bags...we had to jump over the bags to get to the bathroom. There was a hole someone had kicked in the wall that was the size of a toddler.Also, there was a cement mixer 1 metre away from our window which was used at 7am!!!!!Our package included breakfast, but when we got to the restaurant we were told we were not on the list and that we had to sort it out with reception. After fixing this up we trekked back down to the breakfast room and received a mediocre breakfast.After checking out, we left our bags with the concierge. When we went to pick them up, the concierge manager verbally abused us for a minor mistake one of his staff had made, and screamed things at us in the middle of the lobby like 'next time i'm going to throw yours bags away!!!!!' How embarrassing.Do yourself a favour, do not stay here, there are plenty of nicer hotels that are more affordable, with friendlier staff.	
Jul 4 2008 	Stay Away from the Blakemore	My wife and I stayed at the Blakemore Hotel in London for five days beginning on June 27, 2008. I have stayed in hotels all over Europe (even in Russia) and the United States and this has to be the worst accommodation I have ever had. After booking months in advance, we arrived around noon. When we opened the door to our room, we were shocked at how small the twin room was. There was less than 10 inches between the foot of each bed and the wall to say nothing about the otherwise shabby appearance of the room in general. If the size and condition of the room were the only problems, I would not be writing about our experience. But unfortunately, this was only the tip of the iceberg! Directly outside of our window on the 4th floor was a walking scaffold. Workman had a bird’s eye view of our bedroom! I then turned on the hot water in the sink to wash up and I was unable to turn it off. It was running at full throttle and filling the room with hot steam. A call to the desk brought a prompt response from a hotel staff member who also could not turn it off. A plumber showed up shortly after that and was able to turn it off by jiggling the valve. He said the plumbing was old and showed us how to turn it off ourselves. I called the front desk and asked for another room. I was told the hotel was completely booked, but they would give us another room the next day. The new room was slightly larger and in better condition than the other room. There was no scaffolding, but our strange odyssey continued on. During the course of the next four days, here is what happened. The room was very hot and we were unable to open the windows beyond a three-inch gap. What was advertised as a “ceiling fan” in each room was a cheap, stand-up floor fan that hardly blew any air. We suffered for four days in a stifling room. If this weren’t enough, the handle on the toilet broke late one evening. A staff member came up and after looking at the toilet, said he could not fix it. He said it would be fixed in the morning and in the meantime, we could fill the trashcan with water and pour it into the toilet! To be fair, we were offered another room that evening, but it was very late and we were very tired. We simply were not up to packing all of our stuff up for a third move. It was fixed the next day. Around 2 AM one night, after finally falling asleep in the hot room, the hotel fire alarm went off. The occupants of the entire hotel evacuated to the lobby and the outside. Everyone was standing around half dazed and no one in the hotel told us what was going on. After around two hours, everyone finally returned to their rooms. When returning to our room, I noticed a sign on the wall that said that in the event of a fire alarm, the local fire brigade is required to be called in. No one from the fire brigade ever showed up!Continuing on, in our first attempt to use the hair dryer, it started to grind and threw out sparks! So much for the hair dryer! Additionally, the shower had a temperature regulator that didn’t work properly. We basically had two choices, “steaming hot” and “boiling hot.” We did mention this to the staff, but nothing was done. My wife and I were able to use the steaming hot shower by moving in and out of the stream while showering. I am the kind of person who rarely complains. In fact, I have never written a letter like this about any accommodation. If an accommodation is safe and relatively comfortable, I am generally OK with it. This accommodation was neither!	
Jun 30 2008 	Blakemore/do-more	Good location in Bayswater. Close to tube station and buses.Room was small and needed some love &amp; care. Doing renovations while we were there and the builders started up outside our window at about 9am.Breakfast was great, plenty to eat and good food.Staff were ok but at the moment there are a lot of non English personel working in London hotels and the Blakemore is one of them and getting the message across is sometimes difficultOverall I'd give the joint 5/10.	
Jun 23 2008	Facade gives wrong impression of hotel	I had a room with bath confirmed but was given a room with a shower only. The hotel could/would not change me for the first night. The receptionist tried to tell me the bath was &quot;just a request&quot; until I shoed her the written confirmation. The room was TINY, the shower was dirty, the extractor fan did not work and the shower.toilet door would not lock. The sink was in the bedroom!!!, how archaic is that!The restraunt is tiny, we could not get in to eat and were not advised to book if required at check in. There were four staff at check in, it took them two attempts to process my card.Continental breakfast was disappointing, just bread and cereal, no cold meat or cheese, no yoghurt or fruit of any description.Eventually I was moved to a room with a bath. I had asked for a room as high as possible. I was put on the ground floor. The view when I opened the window was like being in a basement and I was looking at scaffold. Againa sink in the main bedroom area that leaked all over the carpet.The foyer area is very nice and gives a good impression BUT the hotel does not live up to this. When I went to settle my account their was no reduction despite having a CONFIRMED booking for two night in a room with private en suite bath. I refused to pay and was eventually offered a twenty per cent discount. No apology was forthcoming.I resent this poor standard of treatment. Was this I ask myself because I got a better rate on the net than their published rates???.I will not reccommend this hotel and can understand why tourists complain about poor London hotels.	
Jun 22 2008 	AWFUL HOTEL	The rooms in this hotel are tiny. In the double rooms there is one double bed with no space either side of the bed to get out. We booked for 2 adults and 2 children and got one of these rooms. There was no seating area and no sofabed. We got a cot for one of the children and had to climb over it to get to bathroom. The bathroom was so small you could not use the toilet and close the door at the same time. The breakfast was supposed to be continental but what was on offer was limited cereals and toast, tea and coffee. Yoghurt, fruit eggs etc on were on offer for an extra supplement. Desk staff did not care about our concerns they just repeat same bog standard lines for any query. I have stayed at many hotels in my life and have never ever complianed. This was so bad I felt I had to warn others. Location not bad.	
Jun 2 2008	not worse the price	The location is obviously great, the hotel building itself and the lobby look great, but what a surprise when you get to the room! I've had better cheap motels! Ugly...Crack on the ceiling, old curtains and carpet, a randomly attached wooden plank, covered in Formica, on the bedroom wall??!! The smell...a mix of moth balls and musty...To end on a positive note, the staff is competent and friendly.	
May 20 2008 	Basic hotel	I know it was about 4yrs since I stayed at the Blakemore hotel but I remember it vivdly! The photos of the lobby and restaurant we saw online were lovely but the low prices should've set alarm bells ringing.Our double room was VERY basic. We actually walked in and saw a sink on the right hand side of the door. I thought to myself &quot;please let us have more of a bathroom than that&quot;. Sure enough the rest of it was in the right place, the bathroom!!Was a bit shabby then but I dont know if it has been done up since. Its in a great location, loved Bayswater, quiet and not far from nice restaurants and plenty of shops only about five mins walk.If you're on a budget give it a look but dont expect the luxury that the lobby suggests.	
May 19 2008 	Cold breakfast- dissapointing!	We have just returned from a girlie night stay in London to watch Dirty Dancing (great!). We booked in at the Blakemore Hotel as it was quite reasonably priced (£67.00) for a twin room. We did not expect it to be fantastic due to the reviews we had read. First impressions were very nice, the lobby was lovely and spacious. Our room was very spacious too, however the bathroom was so tiny and the sink was in the bedroom. But we were only sleeping there (so we thought!) The walls were very thin and the cleaners could be heard in the above and rooms along the corridor quite early in the morning. I was unable to sleep due to the noises and the rooms were very hot. This was a shame, as the beds were very comfortable.We went down to breakfast at 0945(breakfast served until 10.00)We were told we could upgrade and pay an extra £4.00 each for a hot cooked breakfast. What a bargain and definately needed it!So we upgraded and found our breakfast to be completely COLD! When we complained to the staff in the restaurant, they microwaved our food with no apologises at all. The unfriendly staff on reception would not deduct the additional £4.00 charge from our bill, hence, we will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to our friends.	
Apr 23 2008	Average	This hotel has a good location, 10 minutes walk from Paddington Station. As with other reviewers i thought that the entrance lobby was nice and had high hopes for my room. However, the room itself was tiny and the bathroom was so small that the sink was actually in the bedroom! The walls are also paper thin so be prepared to be able to hear conversations (and bathroom business!) of people three rooms away or a floor above/ below you. The heat is also permananetly on so we had to leave our window open all night- great when the builders/ scaffolders working on the hotel redevelopment start work at the crack of dawn!I booked a reasonable package to stay at this hotel but beware of paying full price. A good location but defintiely needs some improving.	
Apr 21 2008 	A pleasant stay	Definitely met our expectation, thankfully!After reading all the negative reviews of the hotel, we were a bit apprehensive when we checked into Blakemore Hotel for a one nite stay on 17 April. However, we were pleasantly surprised all the way. We booked a twin room on a high floor and got a nice quiet room away from the lift.We arrived at 10am, way before check in time of 3pm, but the doorman/Conceige/security was a very pleasant man who kindly stored our luggages securely away till then. The room was old and dated, including the bathroom, but it was comfortable, clean, and the general housekeeping was good. Continental Breakfast was also included so we can't beat the value for a central location with a comfortable night stay.The trick seems to be that all the rooms on the first floor were brand new, with electronic card door entry, while second to fifth floor were still brass key entry and dated decor (they will ask you for a $20 refundable deposit for the key, or take a pre-authorisation of your credit card). We requested &amp; got the top floor for a twin room, and got a very nice &amp; airy room. Guess it all depends on which rooms they allocate you to. Good luck. Based on our experience above, we will consider this hotel again.ken	
Apr 14 2008 	Find a better hotel	Stay away! We booked at a 3star hotel and got this? (Room 224) The room was very old and the bathroom was awful. The towelholder was falling down from the wall, the toilet didn`t work well, the bathroomdor couldn`t be opened from the inside, the phone didn`t work and so on. We have been in london a few times and this was the worst room we have ever had.The day we where leaving the cleaning personel locked themselves in and walked in to the room twice at 08.30 and 09.30 pluss knocked on the door ones. It seemed that they just want the guests out so they could do the job and go home. My advise is to find another hotel.NB: on the possitive side, the windows are new.Sinc.M. Andersen	
Mar 25 2008 	request on booking not given priority	i booked on internet this hotel on 6th february for my stay last march 24th because i will have my exam the following day 25th,on request form i requested if they can provide me a quite room.i was surprised when i arrived as i was given a room (410)directly facing the lift on 4th floor,the occupant above my room walked as if she is in the street (you can hear the sounds of feet walking on that room as if somethings gonna fall),the occupant of the room next to my room were chatting with her companion and i can hear them,the lift doesnt stop until as early as 2am,the room was so hot,in fairness to the room its big enough for single ,there was a tv,kettle,dryer,telephone,(bed/blanket/room)wasclean,have a nice bathroom-clean shower/enough water/toilet bowl,the sink was located near the main door.i was disappointed with the room location plus the temperature of the room because i was not able to review and slept well because of the noise/hot ,it really affects my performance on my exam.the location was advisable near the queensway underground/kingston garden,staffs are fairly approachable.breakfast i was confused with the difference of oriental and the breakfast-i was told to take on the right side (oriental).nice restaurant/nice food.	
Mar 11 2008 	4 Night Stay	First off, I never have any illusions that I'm staying at a 5 star hotel (and to be honest, I've stayed at some 5 stars that were not as good as this hotel). I got what the company paid for, which was all I needed, a bed, and a shower. The room and bathroom were clean. The shower was a little larger than the norm in London. The breakfast was good, but basic. My biggest complaint was the heat. Others have written about it and it is an issue. I had to sleep with the window open but on a couple of occations some idiot Americans (no doubt they were Yankees)were outside yelling at 1AM. The bed wasn't good enough to write home about either. Overall, a decent experience and if I can get the same price, I'd stay again.	
Mar 8 2008 	Escaped	When I arrived, there was no electricity, no hot water, lifts out of order. Staff said that they are trying to solve the problem. Tomorrow morning situation has not changed. They said its the same in the whole street. I checked in the hotel across the street and everything functioned normally. Besides this, my room was dirty, window could not close properly and bathroom completely rusty. Asked for another room and got it. This time there was no rust but wall carpets dirty and stripped, stains all over the floor, wardrobe tiny and broken... I left the hotel after one sleepless night. Avoid Blakemore at all costs, cheap does not have to include rust and dirt. Being a travel agent and traveled across the whole world, this is definitely the worst three star hotel I have ever seen. No, no, no.	
Mar 5 2008 	very happy	me,my partner and mother have just arrived back from a one night stay at the Blakemore. after reading some of the reviews we were really worried. We were taking mom to london for the tutankamun exibition and really wanted her to enjoy it and the room was of much importance as anything. Our worries were totally unfounded moms single room was lovely ,clean and the en-suite was perfect with a shower over the bath, our room was just as nice but the bathroom bigger. The staff were all very friendly and very helpful,breakfast was continental with a full English at a small cost. over all we enjoyed our stay and would definately stay there again	
Feb 29 2008 	Disgusting	My girlfriend and i have just returned from London a day early due to the fact we could not stay another night in this hotel . On arrival the hotel looks fine with a lovely spacious lobby and bar area .The first thing we noticed was a sharps bin (needle disposure) in the hotel toilet ...first impression not good . We then entered our &quot;double&quot; room on the 5th floor 513 ,it was tiny . the double bed hard up against the wall with the other side 6&quot; from the dressing table come shelf ,therefore you got out of bed from the bottem being careful not to bang your head against the wall mounted TV . The bed had seen much better days and on inspecting the matress found urine stains . We asked to be moved and were offered room 514 . The carpet was filthy and torn .There were 6 X 2&quot; screws sticking out the front of the headboard where there was was a shelf ,which we asked to be removed but were not . The decor was complete with holes in walls and mould in the corner .  But what gave us great amusement and several texts to friends was the size of the bathroom . I measured it with my shoe which i know is 12&quot; long and it was 4 foot square . The toilet was one end and basin the other yet you could sit on the toilet and wash your hands at the same time . I am 6 feet tall and had to bend my head while standing in the bath to shower .  will definately never return	
Feb 19 2008	Perfect for travelling on your own	Let's start by saying I have stayed at the Blakemore at least 5 times. Each time my stay is exactly what I require and what I expect. I am a married man in my late thirties living in America. I try to get to London a couple times a year to watch my beloved Tottenham Hotspur FC play live. My visits are always the same, on my own and for 3 nights Friday, Saturday and Sunday evenings. The single ensuites are all that I require. The size is not a concern. It is perfect for the solo traveller. I have found the staff to be quite friendly and very help on each of my stays. The lobby bar is a very cozy and inviting place to relax and is usually open a bit later than the local pubs in Bayswater so if you are out and fancy a night cap all you have to do head head back to the Blakemore get your order in and relax while watching the large flat screen TV in the lobby. Others have commented about the location. Perfect. 5 minute walk to 2 tube stations (Bayswayer, Queensway) 10 minute walk to Paddington in one direction and a 10 minute walk to Notting Hill/Portobello Rd in the other. The ensuite singles are always going for a bargain rate so for someone who would rather spend your travel dollars on other things besides overly posh accomodations the Blakemore is for you	
Feb 10 2008	My First Choice	I have stayed at the Blakemore probably 5 0r 6 times now and each time I have found my room clean, and the bed comfortable.The staff are excellent, very helpful and friendly. No complaints at all.Breakfast is excellent and plentiful. The staff are continuously topping up and are available to guest. I always look for this hotel first, I have to admit I usually book through a cheaper Web Site but it has always been well worth the money.I am married and in my 50's.	
Jan 10 2008 	Not for me	I booked the Blakemore online and was impressed with the photos displayed on the hotel website. The Blakemore is easy to locate with two tube stations close by serving the circle and central line. The location of the Hotel was also good as it was close to Hyde Park and Kensignton Gardens. When we arrived the outside of the Hotel looked great as did the reception area. However, this is were the problems started. Firstly it took us half an hour to check in as all the staff were foreign and had spelt my name wrong on the check in computer system. Having sorted out this they then asked for payment for the entire stay plus a twenty pound deposit. I was unprepared for this as there was no warning on the Website.When we got to our room our disappointment continued as it was tiny, even by London standards, the carpet was filthy and the ensuite was about the size of a phonebox. What made this hotel worse was the Canadian School trip guests who proceeded to run along the corridor all night. We didnt stay for breakfast and insteed went to a cafe down the street. Thankfully the city of London was amazing as usual, this helped compensate for the hotel, which we spend as little time as possible in.	
Dec 8 2007 	Close to tube unhelpful/unfriendly staff	Our stay at The Blakemore was disappointing from the start. My sister and I arrived in London in the midst of September's transport strike, so we needed all the help we could get regarding how best to navigate the city without access to the tube. Unfortunately, reception staff were absolutely no help -- they made no effort to procure bus information for the many visitors who were requesting it, did not have up to date information about the status of the strike, and did not suggest places of interest in the vicinity. They also attempted to charge us for an extra night and when we requested an adjustment to our bill, did not apologize for their mistake. Without question, however, the worst part about our stay at The Blakemore was the staff incompetence. Our wakeup call came more than an hour late on the day of our departure, and the elevator wasn't even working! If it wasn't for the helpful maintenance man who assessed our situation and carried our heavy luggage from the 5th floor to the lobby (the hotel doesn't have porter staff, so he did this out of his own kindness) we certainly wouldn't have caught our flight. The room was fine, the bathroom was clean, and the hotel is in a great location, but our experience with the staff will keep me from returning. Bayswater boasts a number of similarly priced hotels, and next time I'll book one of them instead.	
Nov 18 2007	Avoid the Blakemore Hotel	Avoid the Blakemore Hotel. Staff are at best unhelpful and incompetent, at worst dishonest. Refused to refund me an extra 10 pounds fee charged to my credit card due to their incompetence.Breakfast stale and uninteresting, rooms ok for the price but very noisy.	
Nov 8 2007 	Small but well furnished rooms	Booked this hotel through Priceline for relatives who were visiting London. Used the name your own price service and was a little put-off when I was allocated this hotel as reviews were not fantastic and the standard rooms looked a little basic.Upon arrival at the hotel I was relieved to find the exterior of the hotel and the reception area looked smart and welcoming. A room on the ground floor was allocated, and going through to a corridor we were met with the smell of fresh paint and new carpet. It would seem we were given an executive room which had recently been refurbished.It was very clean and reasonably well appointed with good quality fixtures and fittings, and comfortable beds. I am told that the shower was good and that they got a good nights sleep! The room was equipped with air conditioning (though not necessary in November), TV, trouser press, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, and a safe. Despite the room being very small there were a total of three phones! The bathroom seemed quite new and also very clean - no mould or other nastiness.The view from the room was the only bad point - a wall only a few feet from the window.The twin room was small but big enough for two people to move around and to unpack their luggage, and the wardrobe was huge so good for an extended stay.The location is reasonably good - a 5-10 minute walk to Paddington, Lancaster Gate or Bayswater tube stations, and only a few minutes to Bayswater road where frequent buses will take you to most places you'd want to go.For the rate we got on Priceline it was very good value, though the rack rate seemed rather steep.	
Oct 14 2007 	try somewhere else	We booked into this hotel as it seemed cheap and reasonably priced. Our room was small but manageable. The bathroom was very small and the handle of the toilet kept falling off.. The whole apartment needed a good clean and the carpet looked as if it hadn't been vacuumed for a long time. There was hair and food crumbs on the carpet. It was a little dated but that wasnt a problem. The location was ok but not as close to train station as I thought, there arent really any restauants inc lose vacinity but a good little pub over and down the road. The staff we ok, not overly helpful or friendly though. I probably wouldnt stay there again. I think I would rather pay a little more for a cleaner room.	
Oct 10 2007	Bring your earplugs!!!	We arrived to a very nicely refurbished reception area and the staff seemed pleasant and polite. After an awful drive we were pleased to finally arrive and made our way up to the 4th floor where our room was (room 429). Upon opening the door, I was less than satisfied with our room, it was extremely small, the bathroom smelled mouldy and there was a large amount of paint peeling from the wall next to the bed. Not one to complain unless I really feel the need and also after having such a bad journey trying to get here we just got ourselves changed and left for the theatre. It was my partners birthday and I had wanted to treat him to a lovely theatre break in London so I didn't want to spoil it by complaining. When we arrived back at the hotel we made our way up to our room and fell asleep. This lasted all of 3 hours as the room we were allocated was right next to the lift shaft and was terribly noisy. Constant noise from the lift going up and down, up and down banished all our efforts to sleep and to top it off the room had become incredibly hot which heightened the mouldy smell coming from the bathroom. The windows open a very small amount so this was not easily rectified. If you are thinking of staying at this hotel, I suggest you ask them not to allocate a room next to the lift shaft and remember your earplugs!!!!!!!	
Oct 8 2007 	Good value for money at an excellent location	We stayed in a twin room for four nights. At an average price of GBP 72,50 per night the hotel was very good value for money. Our room was on the 5th floor, and was of good size. There were no disturbances from neighboring rooms or the street, and the staff was friendly. Our only critisism of the price of GBP 9,90 for the english breakfast and that some of the interior in our room was a bit dated. We were very satisfied with our stay and would love to come back	
Sep 21 2007 	Good Location	The Blakemore Hotel was quite a nice hotel for the most part. My boyfriend and I stayed in the King executive suite.The hotel staff seemed to be quite friendly and sometimes even joked with us. They seemed to know where everything was in England as well.The room was quite spacious although there is no air conditioning in the rooms, but they do provide fans which we found to be a nice little touch. The bathrooms looked a bit old fashioned, but this is to be expected of an older building. I liked the fact that when I put up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, the cleaning staff left us new towels and a roll of toliet paper right outside our door.There is a restuarant and a bar in the hotel. Both are a bit pricey but nice if you just want to relax and don't feel like walking anywhere. The food isn't that bad either. The restuarant seating is quite small. Luckily, we never really had to wait for a table. There's only one main girl working the bar and the restaurant (which included cooking the food) which we felt sorry for her as it would get quite busy in the restuarant/bar, and she'd do her best to make everyone happy. On our last night there, another girl came to help, but she didn't know English too well. The staff are all foreign, but all seemed to know English with the exception of the forementioned girl.The location is good as it's about a 1 - 2 minute walk from Bayswater Tube Station, and there are some good restuarants close by.The downside of the hotel is that there is only one lift throughout the whole hotel...actually, there are 2, but one is for the staff only. The lift takes ages to reach you, but again, this is an old building.Another downside is that if you're a smoker, there are no smoking rooms. All have become non-smoking since July. My boyfriend and I smoke, so we always had to go outside to smoke. They do have ashtrays as well as picnic benches outside.If you're a light sleeper, be prepared to be awoken by the cars which go by at every hour of the night. I didn't think it was too bad though, and I'm a light sleeper. The only thing that woke me up was that the next building was having some construction work being done to it, and it all started up at 6 am. Needless to say, we couldn't get back to sleep.The breakfast was alright. It wasn't good tasting nor was it bad tasting. For £4 a person, you can get a full English breakfast but all rooms come with a continental breakfast which consists of breads and cereal and juices/coffee. We never had to wait for a table at breakfast, but we noticed that a queue had started to form after we had started eating. The staff did clean the tables as fast as people were done eating though.Overall, the hotel is a bit overpriced but is still a nice hotel.	
Aug 18 2007	Great location	My Husband daughter and myself stayed at the Blakemore inJune. We were on a 5 week holiday round the U.K ,France and Italy and wanted to stay in London for 4 days. I spent many weeks on the web looking through the Trip Avdisor web site, trying to find good but affordable accomodation that did not cost a arm and a leg but was also close to the heart of London. We read many horror stories and picked this one out of the bunch. It was close to restaurants, Pubs and shops all reasonably priced.Also seemed a good and safe area at night to go and eat.The room was very tired but a good size with 3 single beds clean towels and linen every day, beds were very soft. The bathroom was so small hardly room to move with a very dodgey toilet and a shower that leeked water on the floor. But this was always cleaned daily but not to many complaints. Our room was quiet on the third floor with a view of the front of the hotel. The hotel staff are all foreign and not to helpfull. But value for money we would stay their again ,it is in a side street just across the road from Hyde Park.	
Jul 25 2007 	Find someplace else- Bedbugs	The Blakemore reception staff is amazingly rude. The rooms are tiny even by European standards, 15' by 10'. The furniture is broken, mirrors are broken, doors are broken, and the linoloeum is peeling inthe bathroom. Carpet is threadbare. There were bedbugs in our room the first night so we changed rooms. The second room had twin beds instead of a double and that room was somewhat better, but not good. Breakfast was inedible. Don't bother to stand in line for it (which you will have to do). However, the bar is quite nice and the locationis excellent. But for the price, you can do better.	
Jul 13 2007	Best cheap hotle in London!	I thought that the hotel was great. The location is fabulous and the price very affordable. They had a decent size elevator a concierge service, bar and restaurant. I stayed in a single bed with an ensuite bathroom for 4 nights. It was very small, but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. The room also had a tv, a hair dryer, a kettle and stuff to make tea and coffee. I also found my room very quiet. I have stayed in several cheap hotels in London and this one is the best, I would definately go back.	
Jun 26 2007	Dreadful Hotel would Never Recommend	Hotel from the outside is ok, an old building with character. The reception area and bar were also ok. I booked 4 non smoking rooms for my directors and a client and 2 out of the 4 couldn't stay in their rooms because they were in such an apaulling state. All were smoking rooms - even though I had specifically mentioned that if only smoking rooms were available I would need to cancel my booking, not to mention thread bare carpets, chipped and cracked tiles in the bathroom, each room was as bad as the other. Would not recommend.	
Jun 17 2007 	Cheep could be more cheerfull	Hotel was very good value at about £50 a night. I had paid an extra £4 per night to have a full English Breakfast. The breakfast supervisor had no record of this and was quite rude. Eventually I proved that I had paid for this. No apoligy from waitress. Cooked breakfast was of cheap and poor quality food, tip is to still to the contenental which is generally included. The 2nd day, the waitress seemed to be indicating to follow her to table but for some reason she just wandered into the kitchen. There were plenty of tables however. The hotel have some work needing done to improve the staff and the customer service side of things.Receptionists were a bit impersonal and lacked efficiency and frendlieness.Barstaff were quite good, and lounge bar was confortable and attractive.Room was quite pleasant. Shower was a bit low but worked fine. TV worked fine. Bed was comfy. Despite being near the main door, I found it quiet enough to get a good nights sleep.This hotel is fantastic value and is located in an attractive location. Despite my &quot;service&quot; comments, the value makes this a good choice.	
Jun 11 2007 	Nothing wrong with the Blakemore	After reading some of the reviews on this website, we were a bit leary, but booked the Blakemore anyways. And it turned it there was nothing to worry about! The Blakemore is an older hotel (which as apparent in the decor) and could mabye benefit from a facelift, but was a very comfortable hotel. The beds were wonderful and the rooms were quite large, by London standards. We did have a room by the elevator, which is old and can be quite loud, but if you had a room further away, I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem. It is located in a central part of town, with easy access to the tube and about a 10 minute walk to Paddington train station. I would definately stay at the Blakemore again!	
May 9 2007 	Pleasant but in need of TLC.	Traveling to London is always enjoyable. I've stayed there on several occassions and rarely ever stay in the same hotel. Due to appointments arround Hyde park I chose to stay at the Blakemore hotel. locationThe hotel is conveniently located between several tube stations. Both bayswater, paddington, queensway and Lancaster gate are all within a ten minute walk. Leinster Gardens, the street on which it is located, is located just of Bayswater road. along which there's an artmarket every sunday. Instead of advertised, the park is not Hyde Park but Kensington Gardens. Seeing they are basicly part of one another it doesn't really matter. Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, The Royal Albert Hall and the V&amp;A museum are all close by.The hotel:The building and it's surroundings are very nice indeed. The fact it's close to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park is a big plus. The entrance is very wel layed out and both the pub and restaurant are very well taken care of. The entrance is however not accesable for persons making use of weelchairs. The halls are cosy and narrow. Well lit but the carpet seems threadbare in places.roomI Stayed in a Single room on the top floor at the back of the building. Upon entering the room seemed small. No surprise for a hotel in london however. It was layed out efficiently. The decor was very much dated, but then.... you are not in London to appreciate hotel decor.The bathroom had both a toilet and bath. It takes a long time for the water to get warm, but once it is you'd better turn the cold tap on asap. The bathroom is small and the way the complimentary soap is put up against the wall is lacking in logic. There is nothing to hold on to when you do get out of the bath. I can see older people having trouble doing it. The extraction fan in the bathroom is very noisy, but you can turn it of on the side. I found I could hear the fans of the neighbouring rooms. The room was reasonably quiet. The walls were thick enough. The wooden floors however did transport sounds from other rooms. Bar from some creaking and fans, there are barely any sounds coming from other rooms. You do get sound coming from the hall but that was doors being slammed shut excptionally hard.My room overlooked the really open air stretch of the tube. I didn't mind the sound. The window was double glazed in a way which kept out the sound. The tube stops it's services at twelve and doesn't start driving till twelve. If you worry about sleep, ask for a room at the front of the building as the street seems deserted of traffic.serviceI found the ladies behind the counter to be very friendly. The men (honestly, all of them) seemed gruff and stand-offish. None of the staff was originally english. Flags on their name badges mark out which languages they speak. I found polish, spanish, italian, russian, english and Indian. The girls are very friendly and will go out of their way to help you. My room came with continental breakfast. This consists out of juice, coffee, tea. Several kinds of bread, jams, honey and a choice of cereals. All in all, better than I expected. A full english breakfast will set you back 4 pounds. Both come in the shape of a buffet so it's a bargain.All in all, this basic hotel with it's great location is a good place to stay if you intend to stay out in town most of the day. If you however spend most of your rime in the hotel, this is not for you. I sincerely hope the owners of the hotel will look into replacing some of the threadbare carpeting and generally improve the looks of the rooms.	
Apr 22 2007 	Never again	When we arrived at the hotel late at night we were shown our room, that was very tiny. That's ususal for London and that was not the problem. The big problem was the noise coming from any electric machine outside the room. The windows were so thin that you could hear everything. We complained the noise and got another room - with the same noise-problem. Then we were given each a single room. My room was okay, but the room of my husband absolutely not. Early in the morning when the tube started to go, it seemed as if it drove through the room. So my husband had four uncomfortable nights at the hotel - with much noise of the tubes and less sleep! My friend had another single room. When we arrived from the city one day she wondered why her door wasn't closed - although she had knocked it certainly. Nothing seemed to be stolen but we all wondered why her door was opened.The lobby of the hotel was nice, the breakfast was nothing special, but okay. It was continental, but not absolutely bad as some other guests wrote.	
Mar 10 2007	It was bad.....	Well where do we start? We booked in for 3 nights and from the outset things weren't good...we were surprised to find the &quot;non smoking&quot; room we requested was very smoky -I have mild asthma- so when we asked to change, my husband was told that &quot;all rooms were smoking and there were no &quot;non smoking&quot; rooms&quot;!! We were told to ask after breakfast the next day to change rooms (which is what we did) the other room was smoky too. I think smoke was coming in through the wall or something! The doors easily bang if the window is open and we were subjected to hearing noises from other rooms (the insulation isn't good..) Most of the employees were grumpy apart from a happy concierge who was very jolly as we were leaving! The breakfast was ok but queues were long sometimes...we went for the continental breakfast and filled up on croissants and toast. The only good thing was the orange juice. It is ideally situated for the tube (I'm trying my best to find something positive to say about the place!) but we definitely won't be going back to stay there again! We give it 2/10 for the orange juice and tube access.	
Mar 4 2007 	My room was broken into and stuff stolen	Wish I had first read some of these bad reviews. I was given a very basic and somewhat dirty room when I arrived which suprised me as the lobby is quite nice and I also spotted some rooms getting cleaned as I passed by which were so much better but I was told this was the only one available. However, worse was to come, returning late at night to this room, I discovered to my horror, someone had come inside and slached open my locked suitcase with a knife or something and stole some of my stuff. There were no signs of forced entry to this 2nd floor room. Staff were not at all helpful or supportive. I was told &quot;your insurance will cover it&quot; and &quot;this is London, you know&quot; and &quot;you had one of the rooms with a poor locking system which is easily tampered with&quot;. Most rooms had electronic locks. They also had an amused look on their faces every time I tried to get some help. The managers tried to ignore me and also almost laughted. The police were called but staff had rushed up to the room beforehand and opened the window to try to make it look like someone had climed up that high and come in. I am disgusted and very upset. I was refused any compensation and not one penny was taken off the room price. Needless to say I stayed awake all night even though I was then given a different and much better room but I had nowhere else to go so late at night. I would never recomend this place. There is a rotten, lying thief lurking about.	
Feb 4 2007 	Blakemore	I've stayed at the Blakemore hotel on january 26th with one of my friend and we weren't disapointed.We were looking for a cheap night in London and we wanted to be situated in a good location without having to go to a Youth Hostel. The Blakemore was exactly what we were looking for !We had a great surprise on arrival, they gave us a triple room for the price of a double and they honored the internet booking price of approximately 100$USD without asking for credit card or deposit.The room looked a bit old and plain but with a charming English style. Great view on Leicester garden street. (From the 3rd floor)Staff pleasant and did speak english very well. Had constant water in showerGreat neighborhood to feel the London vibeOldish, but clean for all i've seen Rooms were a bit bigger than what i was expecting after reading previous reviews. (maybe cause of the triple bed room though)Good value - Perfect for budget minded or young travelersWe were allowed to eat hot crescents before official breakfast time on return from a London night out. Anyways, we had a great time. Don't expect a 4 star hotel.It's basic but enjoyable.Tom	
Feb 4 2007 	Nice room terrible breakfast	We booked a Dbl room and a single room. Single room was very small, but as it was only for one night it was ok. It was clean and comfortable although there was a spotlight outside the single room window which lit the room all through the night and kept our son awake. Our Dbl room was very spacious which was a nice surprise, very clean and cosy. However, you can hear everything through the walls. Staff were friendly enough. We had read the breakfast was great, so we were greatly dissapointed. It was cold, rock hard eggs and burnt sausages..and we had to pay £4.00 extra each for this. If you are staying here we would suggest sticking to the breakfast which is included in your price..croissants, rolls, toast, juice etc. Other than that we would stay here again. The lobby being very sumptous does however suggest that behind the doors i.e hallways etc..would be the same but it is infact in need of some tlc....and we would stick to the cafes for breakfast.	
Jan 29 2007 	Fine for a 3 star	I stayed for 2 nights with my 1 year old daughter. The staff were welcoming and pleasant, advised breakfast was included without me confirming first, hotel reception was nice, clean and i was given a ground floor room whch was great eventhough i did notice a lift. Room was clean and bathroom was fine. It was small but big enough for my stuff plus a buggy and bags! Easy to walk from padddington station and close to bayswater shopping area. plus within walking distance of hyde park, and many areas. i walked to marble arch in about 20 minutes. Breakfast was buffet style continental and u coud eat as much as you wanted! You could pay a little extra for english breakfast if you wanted. i would stay there again with my daughter.	
Jan 24 2007	value for money if u dont mind compromsing a little on comfort	OK but not particularly very comfortable or cosy. Quite basic with no frills and a little shabby in places. That said probably the best value for money in this part of town and if u dont mind compromsing a little on comfort for one nights sleep then it does the job!	
Jan 21 2007	Wowwww...... What a Surprise!!!!!	We moved to the Blakemore Hotel from the Pembridge Palace (more like Pembridge Prison) Hotel for the last 2 days of our holiday in London. Stayed there with my cousin from Greece in late October. Purchased a voucher on eBay for 55 GBP Twin Share per night. On arrival we were greeted by the professional staff. The friendly reception staff really goes out their way to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. They even have an information desk in the reception area.When we went inside our room we were trully SHOCKED!!!! WOWWWW....WHAT A SUPRISE!!!! Our twin share room was HUGE (our bags actually fitted inside the room this time compared to the previous hole). We lit up a smoke and enjoyed the freedom of smoking inside our hotel room. Only odd thing was that the wash basin was in the actual room and not in the bathroom. The bathroom was well maintained, abit old but still served its purpose very well. The room also had free wireless internet provided by the hotel. Coffee &amp; tea facilities were also provided.The Full English Breakfast was really good. We pigged out until we couldnt eat anymore. The dining room was really nice and comfortable.We set out on our final day in London. We purposely left the &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; sign on the front door because how much can you dirty the place in 1 night? Well to our suprise, when we returned at 1am our clean towels were waiting in the passage way in front of our door. This was really nice and courteos of the cleaner. Location was the best. Close to the Bayswater restaurant/shop strip. Also close to 3 tube stations.The Bar in the reception was also a great place to hang. That night we had afew drinks there. A great place to pick up but we couldnt be bothered that night. Some nice ladies that were enjoying a quiet drink.Well my cousin and I really enjoyed the Blakemore and would definately stay there again. GO STAY THERE AND YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!!!!POSITIVES: LARGE ROOMS, FRIENDLY PROFESSIONAL STAFF, VERY CLEAN ROOMS, FREE WIRELESS INTERNET, NICE ENGLISH BREAKFAST, BAR IS GREAT!!!NEGATIVES: mmmmm none really....just that we didnt move here earlierPS: CHECK OUT THE PHOTOS I TOOK OF THE BLAKEMORE	
Jan 5 2007 	Loved it will come again	I went with the band I work with for a three night stay. Great location, only a couple of minutes walk from the nearest tube station, and even less from Hyde Park.The reception was good (and also all Italian speaking), very kind and helpful.3 out of 4 were refurbished rooms, quiet and clean.The oly thing which wasn't perfect was the bar service, as there wasn't anyone to serve us.The lobby is big and good for meetings, we did all our interviews there. The price/quality rate was fantasti. We are definitely coming back in January.	
Nov 17 2006 	Good value for money - will come again	I have stayed in this hotel in the beginning of November 2006. The single room (shower&amp;WC in the room - you need to check that while you make your booking, since the hotel offers also single rooms with shared facilities) was in a good size, very clean, the furniture are a bit old but it didn't matter to me, and there were hot water throuout the day with strong flow - which is important after along walking day in London... The staff was friendly and helpful, and breakfast was quiet good as well. The location is very convinient, in a quiet pleasant street about 5-7 minutes walk from Bayswater underground (circle &amp; district) and 10 minutes walk from Paddington.It is definitely not a fancy hotel, but it is nice and cozy and definitely good value for money. I will come again!	
Nov 3 2006 	hated this hotel	this place is disgusting very ignorant people the rooms are tiny and not very clean i thought you only got cockroaches abroad i am disabled and they woudnt call me a cab and make sure you read what you are entitled to ie breakfast or youll get a shock when you check out	
Oct 25 2006 	Be aware	I feel i need to make everyone aware this hotel was the worst i have ever stayed in and i was so disappointed. The Room was tiny the end of the bed nearly touch the wall. You could not swing a cat in there. The sink was in the bedroon and the bathroom was awfull. The taps and plug holes had mould in them and it was so old fashioned. The wardrobe was a sliding door style one and i went to slide it open and the whole door fell out in my hand. This room was the pits. I asked the receptionist for a better room and i was told they were all the same. The bar staff are very rude. The bar was advertised to open till 12 yet the shut this at 11.40pm. When we asked if we could get a drink they very rudely said no. For breakfast you have to que nearly 10mins for a table. Please please to not go to this hotel and ruin your stay in london. It was in a central location but i would have preferred to go on a extra tube then ever stay here again.	
Oct 25 2006 	good value and location	Myself and a friend stayed at the Blakemore from October, 13 -17, 2006. Our room was clean, had a nice big closet and shelves, but our bathroom was a bit small. We did overall enjoy our stay at this hotel. Some of the staff appeared to struggle with the english language, but were friendly enough. We were close to the underground, many pubs/restaurants and some shopping(souviners) in walking distance. Also, some sighting seeing places in walking distance (i.e. Kenisington gardens &amp; Palace). Have to admit did not eat once at the hotel, therefore, can not comment on the food. There were so many restauarants and pubs that offered cheaper prices then the hotel, so we opted for the cheaper. Which were fairly decent meals. I would stay at this hotel again. The hotel did honour the internet pricing which we booked through.	
Oct 10 2006 	The worst place I have ever seen	A so called Standard Room, for the smart rate of 99 UK Pounds the only thing available through HRS Online Booking is simply a nightmare. Dirty, disgasting, unfriendly, simply unusable. In certain rooms you have to go in backwards, as you will not be able to turn around once you are in.We stayed there exactly 15 minutes an left immediately, as you could only use it fully dressed. Nobbody would dare to shower naked or use the toilet.	
Sep 19 2006 	hated the blakemore!!!!!	i stayed here for two nights with friends. the hotel itself was clean and comfortable but the staff were terrible. i never met so many rude people and there manners were a disgrace. the waitor could not do his job and the receptionist wrere extremely unhelpful. thay had no drink at the bar only a few bottles of each and trhat was it . they could not speak very good english and everthing seemed to take twice as long to do . i would not recommend this hotel to anybody and if i return to london i will definitely not stay here	
Aug 11 2006 	A very nice surprise!	I stayed at the Blakemore for 3 nights during July 2006. After reading previous reviews, I prepared myself (and my daughter who was travelling with me) for a budget, youth hostel-style hotel. We were pleasantly surprised with the Blakemore! Check-in and concierge staff were friendly and efficient and we had a lovely room on ground floor. No view from the window and not very big, but very nicely decorated, clean and fresh! Bathroom had a bath (which I appreciated after a camping trip!) and fresh towels everyday. It amazes me that some guests complain about the breakfast arrangement! Full English breakfast and Continental breakfast are served from different sides of the breakfast room. A very friendly member of staff checks room numbers on entry - no confusion about what you have paid for! Location of the hotel is perfect - Big London Bus, tube station, regular bus service and a super shopping mall nearby. All this for a VERY affordable price - even with an expensive rate of exchange. I will no doubt stay at the Blakemore again.	
Jul 29 2006	Very helpful and great location!	This hotel is located in an excellent area. There are two metro stations nearby and Heathrow airport is about 25 minutes away. Lots of theatres and shopping around the Blakemore. The hotel room had air conditioning and was clean. The staff and concierge were very helpful and very accommodating. It made the trip go very smoothly knowing that the staff was there to answer questions and to give suggestions on where to go. Over all I enjoyed my stay in this hotel.	
Jun 24 2006	Good location best for the money!	I love the location of this hotel. It was a quick easy walk through the park to Kensington, its very near 2 tube stations with easy access to all areas of London. We found travelling to and from the area very easy. The area itself isn't the nicest but it is quiet and I felt safe. In addition there are plenty of other tourists, as well as locals, and shops etc for anything you may need. I would definitely stay in the area again and more than likely at this hotel.The Blakemore itself is far more impressive in its foyer, the rest of the hotel doesn't quite live up to this. Our only real problem with the hotel though was that the continental breakfast we had booked with the room did not apply and we were told we would have to pay extra for this. Obviously we didn't bother. The room itself was very small and warm, it could've done with a lick of paint and replacing the very old bathroom. However, it was clean, fresh towels and cleaning done each day, and everything worked. All we wanted was somewhere to have a quick wash and to sleep and for this the hotel was fine and met all our needs. I wouldn't recommend it for any light sleepers as the walls are very thin and the maids probably will wake you up. There is also an open tube line running nearby which is very noisy and does go into the night so if this will bother you make sure you ask for a room at the front of the hotel. We did enjoy our stay in London, and the Blakemore was good for its price range. I would stay here again as long as the prive remains competitive. Would recommend as long as you are not looking for luxury or modernity!	
Jun 18 2006	Hotel is average location is good	The hotel room was the smallest we'd encountered throughout Europe, you had to manouevre yourselves when walking around the bed. The staff were fairly rude as well and didn't respond to any of my emails prior to our arrival. During our stay, one of the guests room were robbed so it's not the securest hotel. Also, it's next door to a train station and you hear the trains running one after the other. The only positive is the location, it's great for the price you pay. It's located across the road from Hyde Park, nearby to restaurants, the bus about tours and two different underground stations. Great if you're on a budget and can't afford a better hotel.	
Jun 4 2006	Cheap! - but you get what you pay for.	This hotel is OK for a night or two, it's saving grace is that it's cheap.The room is old but clean, and a reasonable size.No Internet, but there is a cheap one down the road.We had to walk through the smoking bar to get to our room, not happy about that.The breakfast is pretty ordinary and not cheap.Not too far from a tube station, about 10min.Don't expect anything and you'll be ok. Count the money you are saving.	
Jun 1 2006	Clean and Convenient	I stayed at the Blakemore last April and found it clean and very convenient to Hyde Park and several Tube stations and worth the budget rate. Travelling alone, I didn't mind that the room was very small, though I felt like I was staying in a college dorm room. The room was clean and I never went without clean towels, though I sometimes went without hot water. My room was on the 2nd floor near stairs so it was very loud at night. It was unseasonably warm when I was in London, and without AC, the room was very stuffy. The hotel staff were friendly enough, though I never required their services other than when checking in and out. They did forget to give me a phone message that I was expecting, and therefore, missed seeing old friends. Though the hotel was adequate enough, when I go back to London this summer with my boyfriend, we won't be staying at the Blakemore.	
Apr 25 2006	well do not expect too much ....	I just stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. I had a single room and my brother, his wife and son had a triple room. I actually felt guilty at the end because I booked this hotel for all of us. The only positive point about this hotel is that it is very clean but here are the bad, sometimes very bad sides of this hotel:1. very noisy hotel. as the hotel is very old and the windows also very old, you can hear everything outside like people talking, cars driving, ... really everything (and I was on the 4th floor, so you can imagine my brother on the 2nd floor). From my brother's room, you could hear the underground train in the room until 0.30 (YES the undeground also called tube that are rolling under the stree, can you imagine !!!!) They were so tired in the morning; so so tired !!!! The isolation is very bad as you can se ...2. Some rooms (like mine) have a very very old TV (dated early 80's). My brother even did not want to believe and came to my room to see it himself! How an I explain: you know it is a very small T.V without remote control and with 10 buttons on the screen, so you have to get up each time you want to change chanel or switch it off! and anyway they just have 5 channels (all english crap ones). I know, I know, some of you might say: ' you do not go to London to watch T.V.' but believe me after a 10 hours walk around through London, you are happy to lie in your bed for a few hours to relax and to watch the news !!!! Carpet in the rooms, they are very small and no air-conditioning so good luck for the summer ;-)3. everything in the rooms is old (windows. doors, toilet, sink, .....) I would say from the 70's. The door locks are those very old that are very easy to open, this is my point of view!!! You know those goldy round ones with the lock in the middle, very bad. I was happy each time I came back to the room and realized everything was still there !!!???4. Breakfast: The room in -1 is very small for that hotel and often you have to queue and wait 15 minutes to get a seat. You can have breakfast from 7-10 and if you arrive at 9.30, be patien ;-) and alos you only have the continental breakfast included which is not a problem but you have 2 sides, one with continental (bread, croissants, corn flakes, milk. coffee, jam, milk and tea) NO CHEESE, HAM or BEANS. I thought personaly that they could have added at least some cheese. but on the other side, you have ENGLISH/AMERICAN BREAKFAST with sausages, ham, cheese, beans, eggs. bacon, ...). but watch it there is a person watching, adn wou can only have contintental, if you want eat fod from the other corner , you have to add/pay 4 GBP extra per day. I saw some people sitting down on the table and the employee of the hotel went to them to ask their room number and explaining how it worked!!!????I find it very very bad because of course they make this on purpose as when you see and compare both, you are very tempted.5. 1 single elevator for such a big hotel?????? be patient to get on it because it is very busy as you can imagine.6. They have a small bar but they do not serve you on the tables, you have to get up, order and pay at the bar and they have a very small choice of drinks. You rather have a drink outside the hotel in another bar.I travel a lot all around the world but this one was a big shock for me.I think you can find a better one for that price especially as the area is also not that good and safe but you can still find a pizza hut, burger king and KFC for those who are interested.take care.	
Mar 24 2006 	Tired and Compact	A competitively priced hotel but the double room we had was just big enough to get the bed and one suitcase in. The room itself was in poor repair with a major fight to open the window!Breakfast was a bit of a scrum in the basement area and staff were brusk.Lots of smoke in the bar area, which made it an unpleasant place to relax.Would not stay again even though it was at a cheap rate.	
Feb 27 2006	Good rates good location room for improvement of hotel	This hotel is in a good location, being just 10 minutes from Paddington tube station - there are also a number of restaurants and shops in close vicinity which offer good value meals if you want to avoid city centre prices. The hotel itself is ok - the reception and bar areas make a good first impression, though the room I stayed in was in need of rennovation. The shower/bath/toilet room was tiny and leaked - though hotel staff were helpful in resolving the matter. The bed was fine and they used the small space well. One very frustrating aspect was that it was presented as a non-smoking room but in reality it absolutely reeked of smoke. I appreciate that hotel staff cannot monitor this situation 24/7, but they were also unwilling to find me another room when requested. Would consider staying again on the basis of the very cheap rates and good location.	
Feb 1 2006	affordable old fashioned charm	many people pay loads to find authentic old charm.. however, they often expect this charm to come in new furniture, modern luxury.... if you're able to deal with the fact that that old fashioned feel often comes along with indeed mayby slightly worn off furniture, you've definitely come to the right place. For my job I typically get to stay in many 'beautiful' hyperclean, rather neutral hotels (like Meridien, Sofitel,...)and I'm not complaining, on business trips, main thing is a good bed, indeed a modern shower, and a tv to get my mind off thinking. But for my personal time, and yes, I admit also partly for budget reasons, I so much prefer this sort of hotels. When I walked in, my first feeling, of being displeased to having been accorded a room on ground floor, immediately dissapeared. The twin bed room was quite spacious; an old small &quot;cupboard&quot; with drawers and topped with green carpet to put your suitcase onto spontaneously conjured images of an old orient express feel; pinkish striped wallpaper made it quite cliché english; the crisp white linnen on the bed made it difficult to not just take a short nap; the two pillows in the cupboard were a sherry on the cake... in short, I think that the 35 pound (last minute rate) I spent for two persons together was very well spent. Yes, the bathroom was quite small, and the washing sink was in the room, but the tap was again so cute, really one that must have been installed year and years ago. Yes, the carpet was old and I ran around on socks, but I am easily grossed out, and on it's whole, I felt very clean in this place. The people at the reception were kind, the neighbourhood was very quiete and peaceful, but shops, a mall and nice eating places were a 10-15 minutes walk away only (though you need to know the road). i surely recommend this hotel; very above average for it's price	
Jan 24 2006	Pleasantly Surprised	Very impressed with the Blakemore. My friend and I arrived in London to go to our hostel where our reservation in a studio apartment in Earl's Court was SUPPOSSED to be. However, when the suppossed hostel no longer seemed to be in operation, I had to quickly find a new hotel. We stayed the first night at a hotel in Earl's Court but then went online to find something better. That's when I came across the Blakemore. The price was right, between 40 and 60 (weekend rates) pounds per night for a two single bed room. We arrived early before check in to see if we could either check in early or leave off our bags. The receptionist (very friendly) told us that out room was not ready yet but we could leave our luggage off and come back in the afternoon. She also informed us that we had been upgraded (not sure why) to a &quot;deluxe room&quot;. We weren't sure what that meant at the time but didn't expect it to mean much. After seeing photos of other rooms in the hotel, I can tell you that the deluxe rooms are really great. The bathroom was brand new, well lit, fantastic water pressure in the shower-one of the nicest bathrooms I've seen in a hotel and certainly the nicest bathroom I've seen in a European hotel! The room was small, but nicely decorated with rich colors. We had down comforter blankets and there were extra pillows in the closet. Be sure to but out the do not disturb sign because the maids will knock early! We were in room 10 and although we had no view, the room was very nice. I was very impressed with the hotel since it was a last minute reservation and they gave us way more than I expected! DEFINATELY go for the deluxe rooms if you can!	
Oct 16 2005	A Good / Average Hotel	The Blakemore is a good hotel. It's average and most importantly inexpensive in an expensive city. We found the hotel/rooms clean and the water/toliets just fine. The staff was exceptional, very accomodating, friendly and helpful. The concierge had to act as bellman, barman and concierge, but all staff were in good spirits. The Bayswater tube stop is just a 5 minute walk and the street (lined with other like hotels, youth hotels and apartments) was mostly quiet. There was no &quot;night life&quot; (i.e., clubs) to speak of in the area but the Bayswater tube stop made traveling to Picadilly or Covent garden relatively easy. We were looking for a good hotel at a good price, and the Blakemore fit the bill. Having said that, since it was just average we would probably try a new hotel next time we visit London in hopes of finding that &quot;secret gem&quot;. (We did not eat at the hotel at all, but would highly recommend &quot;Tom's&quot; in nearby Nottinghill for a great breakfast!)	
Oct 16 2005	typical english but nice and clean	me and a friend stayed at the blakemore at the end of august and we enjoyed it there. we just payed 42pounds a night which was a great offer!!! if you've ever been to london you know what to expect and the blakemore was very nice. the room was not the biggest but enough space for two people (we had a twin room ensuite). the bathroom was small but also enough to take a shower and it was quite new! i would deffo stay there again.	
Oct 15 2005	great if you're on a budget	We were looking for a cheap ensuite double and the more we read about the (cheaper) hostels the more afraid we got ending up in a dirty and unsafe place. We decided to stay at the Blakemore Hotel then because the difference in price (compared to a hostel with ensuite) wasn't huge and the location is great.We made a reservation through hrs (German company, English language) and paid (depending on the day of week) GBP 42, 52 or 65 (incl Continental breakfast!). HRS does only guarantee the numer of persons per room, not the type of room/beds, so we got a twin (two beds) instead of a double. We liked the room, thus we didn't complain.Room #311 is on the third floor (lift available), has no A/C, the furniture (wardrobe, doors) is (too) old and you can hear any word spoken on the street. However, street and hotel are very quiet at night, everything was clean and the L-shaped room was a lot more spacious than expected. With two big suitcases on the floor it still seemed to big for us and had a desk, phone, hairdryer and water boiler for tea and instant coffee. The bathroom is standard (white tiles, WC, shower). The wash basin is not in the bath room.They are located in Westminster:Kensington:Bayswater, you can easily walk to Bayswater or Queensway (latter one is closed until may 2006) tube stations and Hyde Park. There are (day and night) busses, too. The area has many hotels, some fast food, restaurants, shopping and entertainment; i.e. busy enough to feel safe as a tourist (day and night). The street itself is calm at nights but not dark and it's not a long walk.The hotel has a nice lobby and bar, the staff is always friendly. Breaksfast is either Continental or English, both buffet style and all-you-can-eat/drink. Continental is fresh rolls, croissants, toast, cereals, jam, butter, coffee, tea, hot choclate (ask staff), milk. English is eggs, beans, sausages, etc.They offer standard, executive and de luxe rooms; single, double/twin or triple/quad. The price differs a lot depending on how you make your reservation. Advanced payment is not required if you arrive prior to 6pm.One night at 5am there was a false fire alarm. The staff knew it was a false alarm, however only the fire brigarde could turn the alarm off and it took them about half an hour to arrive....	
Oct 10 2005	Not the best in London	I just returned from a 3 day trip to London. I will not stay at the Blakemore again. The hotel is older and has not been updated. There are several other nicer hotels on the same street. The carpet is ratty and the plumbing stinks. You can not take a shower for 5 minutes after flushing the toilet and you can’t not use the sink/shower at the same time. The service at the front desk and guest services is poor. We were looking for a market 5 minutes away and they couldn’t find it. Keep looking for another hotel, I wish we had…you can find nicer room in London for 100 pounds a night. Also, the closest tube stop Queensway is closed till May 2006.	
Aug 23 2005	Great little hotel!	The Blakemore suited my needs for my 8 nights in London. I stayed in two rooms: a single and later a double when my sister stayed with me. The rooms are small, but fits my needs for keeping my belongings safe and having a safe place to rest. The staff were all friendly and helpful. I would not ask the desk to call a cab because they instead called a private car that cost twice what a cab would cost. My first room had a bath tub elevated with good water pressure. The second room had a shower only with poor water pressure. You can hear people in the halls and if you are near the tube you can hear it when it passes. The Bayswater tube station was a 5 minute walk away and there are lots of things in that area: places to eat, places to shop. The Blakemore was an excellent price for me and a great place to stay. I would stay there again.	
Aug 22 2005	Looks can be deceiving	the staff was great, the room left much to be desired. the location was ok, but I think I would have been better to have stayed at one of the youth hostels, because the price would have been better and the quality the same. For a hotel, I don't think the quality was great. The room reeked of something moldy, bed was lumpy and we were given only ONE small pillow. the water pressure was awful and the water cut off while I was in the shower, TWICE!!	
Aug 22 2005	Fine for the price	I stayed at Blakemore Hotel for one night only but was positively surprised after the reviews I read here. We had some bad luck when arriving as Queensway underground station is closed until May 2006 and there was a terror alarm at Bayswater station so we had to come by bus from Edgware Road tube station but that was ok in the end. In the hotel they did not find our reservation made via HRS but they did not discuss and even gave us an upgrade to a better room than booked (I still don't know why but it was apleasant surprise). The girl at the reception desk was Swiss and spoke perfect German which was very convenient for us and gave us a good feeling.The room they gave us was nice and absolutely clean, with a modern bathroom, if a little small (but that is really normal in London). As I am by now quite an expert in London rooms, I checked the room first this time BEFORE getting my stuff out of the suitcase. Unfortunately the room was directly facing a big fan/airconditioning outisde on the roof which was humming quite loudly. They did not have another executive room but gave me three keys to check normal rooms. As two of them were reeking of smoke and the third was just besides the elevator, we stayed in the original room which was nicer (oh yes, we Germans are fussy :-)). Still, the hotel tried to satisfy us as their guests.The room - apart from the fan outside - was very quiet as we had requested and we did not hear other guest during the night.Breakfast was included in the price and absolutely ok - a selection of rolls, toast, croissants, cereals, jam, butter and two different juices as well as tea and coffee. You can get a nice English breakfast if you are willing to pay an unreasonable amount of money - better go to a cafe round the corner. The breakfast room was nice and clean.The area around the hotel is quiet but Bayswater is near with all you can wish for (many internet cafes, restaurants - most of them bad and too expensive as is usual in London, supermarkets and a shopping centre with cinema).All in all, I can definitely say that the Blakemore is absolutely ok for the price and better than a number of other hotels in the price category. I would book it again.	
Aug 13 2005	Good value for money	I have stayed in this hotel before with a friend. Now, however, I was there alone. I booked the hotel via Internet both times and there were never any problems with the bookings.The hotel is in an excellent location just a short walk from Hyde Park. It is also close to the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and Whiteley's shopping centre. However, if you prefer using busses, many of them are using the Bayswater Road that is close by.Blakemore is a quite cheap hotel compared to most of the other hotels in London. Still it looks a lot better than the other budget hotels that I have been to and the service there has also always been good. The rooms are ok: they are not in excellent shape but they are clean and they are cleaned every day. My room was a L-shaped single room. Otherwise it was a nice room but if you wanted to open your luggage on the floor it was difficult to get around it as there was not that much space.There were also a couple of incidents that were not very pleasant. One morning at about 7 AM, there was a fire alarm. Just as I managed to exit the room, it stopped. I called the reception because my phone had rang during the fire alarm and I thought that they might have called. They did not know anything about that so I guess the ringing of the phone was some how connected to the fire alarm. Anyway, it was a false alarm.Second incident was that one evening a group of teenagers were hanging around the hotel staircase which was close to my room. As the doors are not that soundproof you could clearly hear everything. Of course, it was my fault that I didn't complain but I just did not want to get out of bed. :)	
Jul 10 2005	Very pleasant hotel that's a great deal in expensive London	The reception area was pleasant, despite the aroma of smoke that wafts over from the bar area. (the rooms did not smell of smoke) I noticed it appeared to be the only hotel on the street that offered automatic doors, which comes in quite handy when you arrive/depart w/ all of your luggage. I had had some difficulties with my hotel reservation (Used a booking site to book all 8 days but when I called the hotel to confirm, they told me they only had me for my original request of 2 days. But the booking site told me they had straightened the problem out &amp; my entire 8 day reservation was booked..) And checking in went off w/o a problem. My room was nice enough, tastefully decorated (carpet had a few 'wrinkles' in it, but that is no biggie) large wood laminate vanity area &amp; armoire, large 3 panel window, and a tub. I was surprised to see a tub as I thought teeny tiny showers are the norm. BUT there was a problem with the tub, for some odd reason it was elevated about 2-3 feet up. So not only was it dangerous trying to step down afterwards but its a good thing I wasn't tall as my head would've been near the ceiling. And there was absolutely no water pressure. Which made it difficult to get the shampoo/conditioner out of my very long hair. And the other negative was that the room was west facing (and top floor) so it was quite hot. I had to borrow a fan, which helped a bit. (Apparently they require a deposit but I was not asked to do so.) I did hear the Bayswater tube as mentioned by others (its not &quot;underground&quot; which is why you hear it). But it wasn't bothersome at all. Actually the west side was extremely quiet. Well, the outside of the hotel was quiet. As I discovered the next morning, my room (522-forgot to take pictures the room) was right next to the service elevator/lift. And the door to the lift would slam itself shut. (As do all the room doors unless the person is considerate enough to hold the knob &amp; not allow it to slam behind them) So I was woken up by housekeeping in the morning at exactly 8am. If I was just there for a day or two, no problem.. but I was staying 8 days. So I decided to request a new room (before the crowds arrived for Live 8). So on the 3rd morning, I asked to be put in another room. Which they accomodated for me w/o any questioning (apparently they had one room available). They gave me the key to the other room (305) to see if it met my approval. It did. They even offered to move my belongings for me (which I declined). The room wasn't decorated quite as nice as the first -no wooden laminate large vanity area, actually the vanity was small, and I had a shower this time instead of a tub. But that was fine w/ me as I only take showers. Plus the shower was quite roomy. Plus it had wonderful water pressure. And most importantly, it was so quiet. I was no where near the service elevator. The room faced the street, so I did ocassionally hear some tourist buses outside in the morning, etc.. but it wasn't an issue. And since the room was east facing (and on the 3rd floor), it was much cooler. Very happy!! I did discover the toilet didn't flush. But they immediately sent someone up to fix it. They do request that you drop your key off at reception before leaving. And there is 24 hour reception to retrieve your key upon your return. The hotel did have many amenities (bar, restaurant, laundry, etc) that I did not take advantage of. They even had organized tours (such as going to see plays) that I was not aware of until the day I checked out and saw it posted next to the concierge's station. But I guess thats my fault. The neighborhood is quite nice and there are many hotels, all in similar buildings. Though some buildings appeared they needed renovated - I was glad I wasn't staying in those hotels. And many hotels that were on the street were in the middle of renovations (though I never heard construction work). The street leading up to the hotel (from Hyde Park, which was a block south) had many shops/restaurants/etc that would appeal to tourists &amp; locals alike. There were 2 Greek restaurants, a pub at the bottom of another hotel, Leinster Arms, 2 or 3 &quot;convienence&quot; stores, internet shop, etc. And if that isn't enough, 2 or 3 blocks west is Queensway which has every kind of store you can ask for. Boots, Tesco, Post Office, multiple restaurants, tourists shops, even a mall (Whiteleys). And of course, the tube stops. Queensway (central line) is closed down right now unfortunately. But Bayswater (Circle/District) is also close by. Though Circle/District line isn't nearly as a desirable line, at least not for me. Central was the line I used to most. So I often walked a bit further in the other direction (east) towards Lancaster Gate. But even though it was a little bit farther of a walk then Bayswater stop, it was still very close. It was about a 7-10 minute walk. (where Bayswater was about a 5 minute walk) Paddington Station was also a short walk away. Which makes it very convienent to take the Heathrow Express. I was very happy with my stay at The Blakemore. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 6 2005	Very pleasant. Location ok if you don't mind tube hopping	I live in London and was staying in the hotel for a week to be with my friend. I found the rooms to be a bit small but very clean and everything needed was there. The bed was comfortable. The breakfast in the morning was nice and the bar is very comfortable and the staff helpful. However, I am writing this review for people who do not know London too well. The small shops in this area are an absolute rip-off. I needed some painkillers for a headache and was charged 4 times what I would usually pay. The location is ok if you are fit and healthy and dont mind jumping on the tube but if you are looking for something close to the centre of London this is not really the place. This hotel would be good for those who are visiting London for Hyde Park and Kensington Palace.	
Jun 30 2005 	Prisoner of Cell Block H	Picture It. London 2005. I had to make a last minute dash to London in the middle of the week for an appoitment. Hotels are pricier then that at the weekend and I wanted to make my trip as inexpensive as possible. My usual favourite haunts were coming in at nearly £100, but I found this on Venere for £55. Good deal, so I thought. How bad can it be? Well, when the taxi pulled up it looked bright and becoming and the AA had a sign up giving 3 diamonds or whatever it is the AA award.Lovely Italian man in reception was very helpul and I made my way up to my room.Oh dear! First of all the bed was a tiny single bed. Reminded me of the type we have in NHS hospitals or that I've seen in prison dramas on TV. In the middle of the room right next to the bed was a washhand basin and in front of the washhand basin, so that I couldn't actually get into the washbasin, was the bed side cabinet. Now, I've not seen washhand basins in the middle of the room since the days before en suite became the norm. The reason the washbasin was in the middle of the room was there was no room for it in the bathroom. This created a problem in that the mirror where one would normally do one's hair was above the basin and for obvious reasons there were not plugs near there. This meant having to drag the cord of my straighteners to its full length and go from another wall to the mirror on the wardrobe. This is a girly thing, that the gentlemen reading this probably won't have to worry about, but hey Ladies hair's important! The room was hot. Now I'm from the UK and I know Americans like air-conditioning and when in my own country I think opening the window is enough. Not here oh no! Boiling. By the time I'd finished getting ready for the appointment I had, I was exhausted. Okay, the area is not great. It is at least a 10 minute walk to the underground and as a woman on my own when coming back to the hotel at night I thought I could be vulnerable, something I have never felt in all my years of nipping down to London, so ended up having to use taxis for my own security.Now we come to sleeping in the prison cell bed. Can I tell you as I write this my back still hurts. The mattress was THAT bad. I'm waiting for the Nurofen to kick in. The heat of the room, the fact that I could hardly turn round for fear of clanging myself against the washbasin or bedside cabinet didn't help. At least there wasn't space for me to fall out the bed! Maybe this was the design. Between that, the heat and the noise from the underground. This was not a good experience.If I had paid the rack rate of £90 for this, I'd have been really angry. £55 in the middle of London during the week is a low rate. However, the fact that I had to use taxis because of the safety angle meant I would probably have been better spenidng a little more and going to a nicer hotel that was very close to an underground and in a nicer area. Lesson learned I think...	
Jun 25 2005	Great value super location!	My wife and I kicked off our European vacation with a 3 night stay in the Blakemore. This was our first time to London and we couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel. For the price, the hotel was superb - clean, quiet, close to the tube, friendly staff, and with good restaurants scattered throughout the area. We would absolutely stay here again.	
Jun 8 2005 	OK but be realistic	In all honesty I must say that a single for 42,50 GBP a night is a good price and it deserves mentioning that the staff is very friendly. However, you have to keep in mind that you get what you pay for. The rooms are small, the bathrooms in need of refurbishment, you will hear noise from the hallway AND, yes, the Tube passes just underneath the hotel causing both noise and vibration. It reminds me of the places we used to stay when on high school trips 15 years ago, but now on a business trip it was slightly too &quot;rustic&quot; to be comfortable.	
Jun 4 2005	One of the best deals in London	I stayed with a party of four (two rooms) in Blakemore Hotel from April 26 to April 29. We were very satisfied with the place and think it is excellent value for money at a promotion price of GBP 50. I believe there are not many hotels in London offering a similar good deal.The rooms are small, however, fitted with amenities such as TV, trouser press, iron, coffee and tea maker. Daily service has been good and the rooms were clean. The beds are very comfy.The breakfast room on the lower ground has a stylish interior. Contintental breakfast is included in the rate and was quite ok with tea or coffee, juice, bread &amp; crossaint and jam. For an additional fee you can have a full breakfast including fruit, eggs, yoghurts, etc.The location is just great, minutes from Queensway or Bayswater Station. We also found the neighborhood lively with many pubs, restaurants and shops.We are very fond of the Blakemore Hotel and would definitely stay there again when visiting London.	
Jun 2 2005	you do not find a better one for this price	I just returned from a 3 nights stay at the Blakemore Hotel. (Me and my wife flew over from Germany for a Neil Diamond Concert). Considering the price you will hardly find a better one in London. Clean rooms, friendly staff, and good service. I agree, that rooms are small, but this is normal for London. In have been to at least ten different hotels in London in recent years, so I got used to the small rooms. None of the hotels I have been before, I ever would return to, because of different reasons, like unfriendly staff or unclean rooms or junk furniture or too noisy etc. So on every trip I tried another hotel. The Blakemore Hotel is the first one I will return to on my next trips to London. And thanks to low budget airlines I surely will return soon. From my point of view there is nothing to complain about The Blakemore Hotel. Cheap (compared to London prices) and good. I am glad I found it. I really can recommend it.	
May 31 2005	Small and expensive but what do expect from London?	The hotel is at a great location, right next to Hyde Park and only 5 minutes from the Queensbay tube stop. We arrived rather late (1am) and the staff was friendly. The shower was not working properly when we arrived and the receptionist sent a non-english speaking bellhop to help, which didn't work out very well. We were all soaked along with the bathroom floor and with nothing resolved. The strange thing was, he told me that he was going to get some more help (I think) and never came back. I went back to the lobby and the receptionist was nice and came right away to help with the situation which was resolved quickly afterwards (they did not provide extra towels though!). The room is rather small with too much furniture stuffed in it). The walls were thin as we could hear our neighbors' night activities. My bed was uncomfortable as it sunk in the middle and did not have extra pillows. I was disappointed by the price and quality compared to other hotels that I have stayed in in Europe, but I know London is extremely expensive.	
May 30 2005 	A really nice hotel great deal	We stayed at the Blakemore Hotel for 8 nights, the week of May 14. The rate for the hotel was outstanding, really a bargain. The Blakemore is a charming and comfortable hotel. The room was clean and had a great view from a large casement window. Trees and birds outside, Hyde Park a block away, the Lancaster Gate tube station a short walk, a great little pub called the Leinster Arms down the street, Queensway dining and shopping, and a beautiful tree-lined neighborhood--just about perfect, and the best deal we've ever found in London.Staff and service were really first-rate, friendly and efficient. The Blakemore became our home for a week-plus and we really enjoyed it.	
May 16 2005	Cheap and OK	Stayed on 3 occasions during a holiday to Europe. Convenient location near Hyde Park and tube, close to city. For the price you will find it hard to find better in inner London. Quiet with reasonable, clean, rooms. Concierge not overly helpful/friendly.	
May 11 2005	Satisfactory visit	Have just returned from 2 night break at the Blakemore Hotel. Staff friendly and welcoming. Room, rear facing, spotless with good supply of towels, comfortable bed. Bar very pleasant, again staff welcoming. Didn't have time to use restaurant.Overall good value for money and hope to stay there again.	
May 3 2005	Great for Budget travelling	I spent four days in London and stayed at the Blakemore. The neighbourhood is excellent and the tube station is only a short five minute walk away. There's a great patisserie for breakfast nearby and some restaurants to grab something to eat.The staff was thoughtfull and everything went according with our on-line reservation. No problems with that whatsoever. The rooms are tiny but clean and silent at night.I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone who just wants a confortable place to sleep after a day&amp;night in town!	
Apr 19 2005	Good value and location	I recently stayed at the Blakemore for 5 nights on my first trip to London. I had found other hotels in a similar price range (less than $100/night) with much worse reviews, so I felt comfortable with my choice. Upon arrival (before check-in time), I had no problem getting into my room. I was a little concerned about having a room on the ground floor with a window facing the street, but did not have any problems with noise and never felt unsafe. Although the room was small (I had a single), I didn't expect spacious accommodations in a town like London (and the room was actually larger than some in NYC!), and it was more than sufficient for my needs with a closet with shelving, desk and TV. The room and bathroom were kept very clean and the one time I needed assistance (an extra towel) the front desk staff were very responsive, even though it was late at night. If you're planning to spend a lot of time in your hotel room (why would you in London?!) or are looking for more than the basics, this may not be the ideal place. If you're looking for a 'home base' convenient to public transportation (2 tube stops within blocks) and outdoor space (Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park nearby), a quiet place to crash after a day of sight-seeing, and friendly staff to help you out, the Blakemore will more than meet your needs.	
Apr 15 2005	Fine Hotel	We have just returned from five days in London and we stayed at the Blakemore Hotel. The entrance has better look than the rooms, wich are small wiht a tinny tv only with three channels (all in english) and with no remote control. In general the staff is very friendly, except for one recepcionist that worked at evening at the weekend. We stayed far from the elevator and there was silence during all night. The location is great, near Hyde Park and Queensway, which is a good place to buy souvenirs and five minutes from the underground. Next time we would stay there again.	
Apr 4 2005	Cheap with some of Problems	I was there for 3 Nights.At first:It is a good Hotel for sleep only and i am come back!But in my Room I has Problems:- A old Room with ugly Colors- The Window is damage (it close not realy good)- It is a very lought Hotel, with many Kids- The Street is till 2am lought and full of Tourists- The Room was a little bit Dirty when i has check in (next Day it was better)- The Breakfast its not the greatest	
Mar 30 2005	Wonderful! Good Times!	We stayed at the Blakemore hotel in April 2004. I had read some reviews that said that it was subpar, and was a little scared. We arrived in London at Noon, and The Hotel Staff quickly checked us into our Room! It's a small hotel, but on a quiet street, right next to Hyde Park. It's only 3 blocks from the nearest tube station, and took us less than 5 minutes to walk there every morning. I wish I could go back to London! Since Hyde Park was right near our Hotel, we spent a couple of Afternoons there. Every afternoon we'd come back to our room to find it spotless. I do have to say the rooms are small, but it's London! We had a GREAT Rate. 45 pounds a night. It wasn't the cheapest hotel in London, but I believe it was the best for the money. I would definitely stay at this hotel again, if I ever get back to London!!!	
Mar 22 2005	Clean and nice	I read so many bad reviews about terrible budget hotels in London, so my expectations for this Blakemore Hotel was low. I guess that was good in a way because I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the place was. It's close to two subway stations so that made getting around easier, too.	
Mar 8 2005	Good for a budget traveler	Stayed at this hotel in February 2005. I got a room rate of 45 GBP, which is excellent for this location. Continental breakfast was included in the room rate, I got an English Breakfast for an additional 3 GBP.The next subway station (Queensway) was a 7-minute walk away.The rooms are small and basic, but clean. Bathrooms could use some renovation, there are some cracks. Also, the window (which slides up or down) would not stay in the &quot;open&quot; position, so I had to support it with my camera tripod (I think this is a problem with that particular room only).I would stay here again when traveling on a budget.	
Mar 4 2005	Good for the Price!!	This hotel was nothing special, but with the high exchange rate...it was a great deal. We ended up paying around $100 US a night. The street infront of the hotel was VERY loud at night and the amenties were no 5-star hotel. The room was clean and the lobby and location were decent. It is very close to Kensington Gardens which is nice. The closest tube station is a 4minute walk or so. Not bad. Don't pay much for this place, but if you can get a deal it is a pretty good bargain.	
Feb 9 2005	Clean and reasonable	The hotel is clean, reasonable and has a good location. I have stayed at a few hotels in this neighbourhood, and this is above average. The hotel next door (Henry VIII) is better, but more expensive.  The rooms are small (as in most London hotel). This is something that shocks all Americans, so remember this.  One negative thing was the outrageous breakfast price. £9.50 per person per breakfast is way too much. I would recommend to order without the breakfast (unless your loaded), and rather eat at a restaurant or buy a sandwich to eat in Hyde Park (2 minutes walk). 	
Jan 4 2005	CLEAN AND CHEAP!	I had the pleasure of staying here for 4 days last December, and it was nice! The room was quiet, CLEAN and CHEAP. The Queensway tube Station is 5 minutes walking away and the surrounding area is really charming. Will make it a point to stay here again, hopefully soon!	
Nov 26 2004	Bear the noise	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the Blakemore Hotel, London in November 2004. This hotel is quite centrally located which is about 10-15 minutes walking from the Bayswater Station. Most staff are helpful. As we stayed on the ground floor, the noise possibly from the trains passing through the Bayswater station was quite annoying.Though we alerted staff that hot water supply to our room was only on after 7.00am during our first day stay there, the 'problem' remained the same during our last two days there. The receptionist answered that they supplied 24-hour hot water. I woke up at six, and waited till seven for a bath and some hot water to shave.	
Nov 23 2004	highly recommended	Trusting the comments of the previous visitors of the hotel, Blakemore was &quot;the&quot; choice. I've picked a wonderful rate from the net, which was welcomed by the hotel. Yes, the rooms are very small, they are not even kitsch, and the TV does not have remote. Who cares? 2 miles away from everything, I got very clean sheets and bathroom/shower, a warm room with a window to open, and very helpful international staff. They even claimed to have given me an upgrade, for half the door price I have paid.If travelling alone, a great choice; in case of a company try to get a larger room.	
Oct 14 2004	An excellent place to stay.	I took a last-minute trip to London and was apprehensive about what I would find when I opened my hotel room door. I was pleasantly relieved. My single room was clean and tidy, and plenty comfortable for the amount of time I planned to spend in it (very little). The front desk staff and concierge were very friendly and helpful.The hotel is within easy walking distance of tube and bus stops. My only problem was that the first single room I was given was right next to the elevator and it was very noisy. I requested a new room and was given one at the other end of the hotel which was much quieter. I would stay here again!	
Oct 9 2004	The Blakemore	The Blakemore is a great budget hotel. The rooms are clean and the location is convenient.The bathroom is small &amp; old. Everything was in working order &amp; in good conditionStaff was helpful &amp; pleasantI would stay here again	
Sep 28 2004	Very good value for the area	I booked this hotel on Wotif, fairly last minute as our plans had changed. Stayed for 2 nights and found the rooms to be modest but clean and tidy.Yes, the bathroom is tiny, yes, you couldn't swing a cat but let's remember - this is London and even finding a clean room can be a challenge.About four blocks walk (flat) from Paddington station - this is great for Heathrow connections. Breakfast was not included however, chances are it would have been fairly average anyway so we weren't too bothered. Very close to Hyde Park so grab a coffee and a take away breakfast and sit in the park.Our room faced west, so it was a bit hot however it also faced away from the street which meant is was very quiet.I would recommend to anyone who is staying in London for a few days and needs a clean, simple room.	
Sep 21 2004	Nice place to stay	Great Location near Kensington Palace. Very clean. And the people were supper friendly and helpfull. Can't wait to go back!	
Sep 14 2004	I recommend it !!	Well worth it !!. We had no problems what so ever. We made the reservation online (with a great rate) and they honored the rate with no question. The staff was friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to help us with a specific request we had. We actually stayed here twice on this vacation and both times were enjoyable. The rooms are typical for a 2+ star European room. Small, comfortable, A bit stuffy in the afternoon (But a fan from the concierge took care of that) and clean. You can get an upgraded room with AC, etc... but it costs more. Its close to the Tube and bus stops and there are plenty of places to eat nearby. For you first time travelers to Europe, this is a great place to stay. Open your mind up and ENJOY !!	
Aug 28 2004	Generally fine but...	Generally fine, but a very unhelpful &amp; unpleasant response when there was a theft from their luggage room.	
Aug 24 2004	GREAT BUDGET HOTEL	I think some travelers have unreasonable expectations when they travel. I've stayed the Blakemore several times over the years and think it's a fine choice if you are traveling on a budget. Bayswater is a great neighborhood. There are several tube stops very close by, shopping and dining on Queensway. It's also just off Hyde Park (I enjoy a morning stroll myself). The fact is, this hotel has rates starting at 60GBP which is very cheap for London. You should not expect a Ritz Carlton at that price. It's clean, well located, the rooms are small but charming, you get a private bath, and the staff is pleasant.	
Aug 10 2004	Loved it!	We stayed at the Blakemore on a school trip to London, and it was grand! Just a few short blocks from the Tube and friendly service all around. Try not to lose your room key though; there's a hefty fine for that. The beds are comfy, and the bathrooms are just big enough. Of course, if you're a tourist, you won't want to spend much time in your room, and I must say, the Blakemore makes the most use out of a small space! I hope you enjoy your stay in London!	
Jul 29 2004	I would return again!!!	I stayed at the Blakemore Hotel, in January 2004, and with 16 other people, it was a class trip to London and I found the Blakemore to be a very nice hotel. The rooms were every nice and clean. The staff was good and even though the breakfast wasn't what we expected we made the best of it. We had no problems. I even stayed an extra 6 days there and the staff was very good to me in reference to changing rooms and attending to my needs. I would stay again here because it's close to many things and its a nice part. I would recommend anyone to stay here. Plus your there to visit London not to stay in a hotel the whole day. Enjoy your trip.	
Jul 28 2004	Never again	My husband and I had stayed at the Blakemore Hotel 10 years ago and truly enjoyed our stay. We returned in November 2003 and we were quite upset with the poor service we received. When we asked for the manager, he was even more obnoxious than his staff. The hotel has become quite run down which is a shame as it was very well kept 10 years ago. It is sad that it has changed for the worse. There are many hotels in the same area which will appreciate your business and take better care of their properties.	
Jun 22 2004	Cute hotel in the center of London	As a student, i went to the Blakemore on a classtrip with 52 other students. The location of the Blakemore is wonderful; the tube station is right around the corner and Hyde Park is within walking distance. However, the hotel itself was not exactly up to par. On many occasions, the showers did not work, the doorknob and window were broken, and the elevator was out of commission. At times, the management staff was rather rude, and did not want to help the other students or myself. But, if you are a student in highschool or college and you are looking for a cheap place to stay (especially if you dont plan on staying in your room often) then the Blakemore is a great place to stay in London.	
Jun 15 2004	impressive	the rooms were basic in decor and furnishings, also fairly small, so not a good choice if you are staying for more than a few days. however, the location of the hotel is ideal for visiting London, as the tube station was only a few minutes away taking you around the city and hyde park is literally 2mins walking distance from the front door. the staff are extremely friendly and the decor of the rest of the hotel is of a very high standard. we found the price was very reasonable and thoroughly enjoyed our visit, all in all about 4 stars from us! 	
Apr 21 2004	Decent place to stay	The Blakemore offered a clean yet tiny room in a perfect neighborhood for visiting downtown London. The tube was right next door (5 minute walk) and the staff was friendly.	
Feb 12 2004	Not the best choice...just ok		
Oct 27 2003	Good Hotel for Students		
Oct 1 2003	Nice place		
May 21 2003	Melissa Masino Review		
Nov 18 2009 	le camere non sono quelle delle foto		
Nov 16 2009 	correct		
Nov 9 2009 	Típìco Hotel Victoriano		
Oct 15 2009 	Tolles Hotel für Urlaube		
Sep 9 2009 	Un ascensore bellissimo !!!		
Aug 25 2009 	esperienza positiva...se non fosse per l'assenza dell'aria condizionata		
Aug 20 2009 	El desayuno muy bien. El resto regular.		
Aug 5 2009 	sin ascensor habitación cutre estafa al llamar a taxi		
Aug 2 2009 	Komfortabel		
Jun 8 2009 	davvero ottimo!lo consiglio!		
Apr 27 2009 	Immer wieder		
Apr 7 2009 	Piccolo ma pulito		
Feb 25 2009 	Buon Hotel ben servito da metro e bus		
Jan 13 2009 	Wenn man besoffen ist gehts...		
Dec 12 2008	Senza non avete molte pretese ...		
Nov 5 2008 	No regresaría a este hotel...la fachada engaña!		
Nov 2 2008 	Super emplacement pour visiter Londres !		
Oct 15 2008 	Ni aunque me regalen la estancia		
Aug 21 2008 	Non male.17/08/08		
Aug 12 2008 	Bon hôtel bien situé dans un quartier résidentiel		
Jun 25 2008	ottima la posizione ma rumoroso		
Jun 4 2007	mediocre		
