Nov 21 2009 	Not so bad!	I booked a 'Deluxe Double' for £99 (room-only) as a 'secret hotel' and only received the hotel name post-booking - I then read the reviews left by others and tried, in vain, to get a refund on my non-refundable booking! However, the deed was done and I had no choice but to stay - and it wasn't so bad.Location was handy for Paddington - literally a 3/4 walk once you've got your bearings, although the hotel was a bit tricky to find on a dark windy night because the street has lots of roadworks going on at the moment.The staff were welcoming and efficient. I left a £10 cash deposit instead of registering my credit card, which was receipted and refunded quickly and easily in the morning.My room was pretty spacious really, and basically clean, although a little 'tatty' around the edges (e.g. peeling paint on the bathroom windowsill). It was fairly cold despite warmish weather (for the time of year) and there was no extra blanket for the bed. Although the heating system worked fine it was a little noisy to leave on overnight.In all - I wouldn't say that this hotel experience was poor - although my expectations were low and I was simply tired and wanted a place to sleep rather than a room or hotel that met any other need (healthclub, business facilities etc). I'll not stay here again because there are so many other places to stay in London, and I'm unsure whether I'd recommend it to others because people have clearly had some bad experiences, but my own experience was OK, not good, but definitely OK.	
Nov 3 2009 	don't believe the story	I had read about the problems with people being told about maintence problems and moved to other hotels so was a bit worried when hubby booked a family room here for our overnight in october. Onb arrival we were told as many others have been that there was a plumbing problem in our room. My husband informed them that we had read about this on the net and that we needed to be in this hotel as other members of our family were staying nearby. Thye continued with the story until he asked to see the room that we had booked so he could see the problem for himself. They quickly found us a room to stay in without any explanation. The room was small but it is London and rooms are generally not big in our experience. The bathroom could have been a little cleaner but definately not dirty. It was very noisy as you could hear people on the floor upstairs talking and walking around late into the night. Beds were comfy, sheets clean. The location was by far the best thing about the hotel, handy to paddington station and walking distance to hyde park. Would we stay there again??? Not sure. I still feel that if we had of arrived late in the day we would not have been able to get a room and I think it is wrong that you book something and then have to go somewhere else. I have certainly stayed in worse and family rooms are hard to come by.	
Nov 1 2009 	can be good value for money; great location	We were a bit anxious before we arrived because of the negative reviews posted on the website. We had to pay before we could see our room. If you pay by cash, you are asked to give a £20 deposit which you get back when you check out.The staff are friendly and professional. Rooms are a bit small but very clean and they are nicely furnished. We paid less than £100 for a double room, which is quite good for London. Hyde Park and Paddington Station are only a few minutes' walk from the hotel. .	
Oct 31 2009 	Lovely little hotel and very friendly staff!	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and had a fantastic stay! When we arrived our room wasn't ready but they quickly found us another room so we didn't have to wait!The room its self was very nicely decorated however a little small. But as we were only really using the room as some where to sleep its didn't really matter! The only thing that was a little annoying was the fact the the bathroom was tiny! The toilet was crammed into a very tiny space next to the bath! But saying that the shower over the bath was fantastic!! One of the best showers I've used!!The room was quite warm at times but the air conditioning cooled it down fairly quickly!There was a tv which allowed you to watch channels 1-5, you could rent films on it and even go on the internet free of charge!!We didn't actually eat in the hotel as we were out a lot of the time so could not comment on that aspect! The staff were really friendly and allowed us to print out something that we needed!I would definately stay here again and it was a very good price. It is in a brilliant location only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station and Tube!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Still no room at 1am	I booked a few days in advance through Laterooms.com, but confirmed with the hotel's reservation line the morning before I arrived. However, when I tried to check in at 6pm, I was told I did not have a booking at that hotel, rather rudely. I called the hotel's reservation line and they said they had not received my reservation, even though I had a booking refeference and six hours earlier they did (and read out my credit card number to me). I called Laterooms, who also said they had no record of me booking. Had I imagined doing it then? So, laterooms rebooked me into the same hotel and I was reassured that when I returned from the theatre I would have a room. I rushed to theatre and arrived unchanged, unfed and late!Back at the hotel at 11.30pm, they said I had a room but I had to go to another hotel (I insisted they paid for a cab). When I got to the hotel, they said they had no reservation for me. After a few more phonecalls, I was sent to another hotel (opposite the original one) and finally checked in at 1.15am, but guess what? I was checked in under my original reservation number - and then questioned why I had booked two rooms.The staff were at best unhelpful and as for the hotel's resevration team, they were just downright rude.	
Oct 18 2009 	What you can expect for what you pay	This hotel has been recieved mixed reviews, however it is a rather nice hotel. Rooms are small but that is what to be expected of European hotels. Upon arrival as the staff saw me walking up to the hotel one of the male receptionists helped me with my bags. I checked in right away and was led up to my room. This is an older building of town homes and the Shaftesbury is a stretch of a few of them. The room was proabably no bigger than 10'X10' including the washroom, but for one person was comfortable. Had a closet with a free safe. There is wired internet as well. The Tv also has an alarm clock you can set. As for the area it is perfect. It is about a 5 minute walk from paddington station, and you can make yourself a great walking route considering the hotel is at a basic starting point to any sightseeing. I paid 79 pounds and for what i paid im very satisfied. Just make sure when reading reviews you read about the right Shaftesbury because there are tons, all in the same area. Theres one right across this one as well.Just enjoy the stay, and forget about the size of the room, you should be out enjoying the city anyways.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not that great	Really really bad, no running water in shower, no breakfast included in rate and no check in without giving credit card details!	
Oct 8 2009 	Do not go there!	I'm just back from a stay in London where I stayed at this hotel for the last two days. It almost ruined our trip. We booked with londonnights.com. We used a Maestro card and the booking was confirmed. When we arrived we were asked if we wanted to pay with the same card and we said yes. Turned out they don't accept the card (we're from Ireland and even though in their literature they say they accept this card, they don't. Shops/Restaurants in London did). They agreed we could pay in cash which we said we would do the next day. Next day we paid the cash but we had run up a bill of £100. (£60 of which was for 4 breakfasts). We said we would pay this on checkout the next day, as we would normally do. This was fine by them, apparently. We went to London had a great day and when we returned that night our keys would not open the doors. My kids were left tired waiting on the landing steps while I tried to sort out the problem. They were insisting that we pay the balance now, even though we weren't booking out till the next morning. I hadn't got the cash then and there so the only way they would open the doors was if we handed over our passports. This we did and next day we paid up and left. I know this is a personal story, I haven't mentioned the non-existence of a bar etc. but if you take my advice, if you're looking for a friendly, comfortable atmosphere, please save yourself grief, DO NOT STAY WITH THESE PEOPLE.	
Sep 17 2009 	great way to welcome guests - not	arrived at 11pn - a woman on her own - only to be told that there were maintenance problems and I had to stay at a hotel round the corner. Having booked this hotel on lastminute.com and been promised a 4* deluxe double room I ended up in a hotel that would be lucky to get a star! The first room they gave me the lock didn't even work. This is no way to treat your guests - I will never stay at this chain of hotels again. Can't comment on what the hotel is like as I never actually got to see it!	
Sep 16 2009 	location yescomfort NO	Upon arrival we were met by non English speaking staff,full payment was expected upon checking in,(never known this)no information given regarding breakfast facilities or transport.The fact they wanted us to pay with credit/debit card prior to our stay of 3nights set alarm bells ringing,at this point we decided to pay &quot;cash&quot;,I have heard of cards being cloned and it seemed very strange that they seemed so keen to take our cards so early upon arrival...The room was in the basesment,clean and comfortable and all seemed good until night time when the temp dropped and the room was very cold, the small window could not be closed and even with the electric heater it made no difference.Breakfast was ok but again no staff to help with service,when we did see some one the tea and coffee was luke warm and so weak it was as if one tea bag for all guests had been used.At no point did any staff mention the non availability of the lift,we struggled with heavy cases up and down the steep stairs and never once was it suggested that staff would help.Only on the 3rd day did we see a sign saying the lift was out of action as it was being &quot;maintaned&quot;.I do not reccomend this hotel,staff are not interested and the facilities are very limited...	
Sep 14 2009 	DISGRACE- Do not book here if you actually want a room	DO NOT BOOK AT THIS HOTEL IT’S A CONWe were in London for the BBC Proms in the Park, a very busy night where a 40,000 crowd descend on the Hyde Park area. As expected, finding a hotel within walking distance of Hyde Park for this date proved difficult on a modest £100 p/night budget. Eventually we found the Shaftesbury Premier London Hyde Park Hotel which ticked all the boxes; perfect location (500m from Hyde Park), 4 star, the right price(£99). We made the booking through www.booking.com where there appeared to be a choice of 2 rate types. 1) Flexible – This is not to be confused with other hotel chains’ terminology where flexible means you can cancel but you pay a premium. If you read the T’s and C’s you’ll find that this hotel’s flexible rate means that on the day of arrival, if the hotel is fully booked they will transfer you to another sister hotel across London and if your lucky, pay for your taxi. Fair enough though, they do print this in the terms and conditions so you’re stupid if you don’t read them!!2) Non-flexible – After reading the flexible conditions, we were not going to fall for that trap, especially on such a busy night in London where the Hyde Park hotels would definitely be fully booked! We booked on the non-flex rate and paid a slightly higher rate (£5).So we arrive at 1.30pm Sat afternoon and go to check in. Hotel exterior looks promising, tree lined street leading down towards Hyde Park. Car park has smallest spaces ever; seriously if you have anything other than a smart car then it’s a write off! Reception, although small was nicely decorated and pleasant. After giving our name to check in, the young lady behind the desk looked like she’d had a bad day and we were about to find out why. She informed us that “due to maintenance work and water problems…….our rooms were unavailable”, however she did say that alternative arrangements had been made at a “better hotel” so we weren’t greatly concerned. That is until we found out the alternative hotel was located at Holborn, a couple of miles of the road. This was not an option as the whole idea was to book a hotel within walking distance of Hyde Park. The young lady recommended a bus to use as public transport (she clearly had forgotten that a 40,000 strong crowd would have the same idea when the event finished).After much disagreement, it became clear there was no “maintenance issue” at all and the hotel had clearly overbooked themselves. We were very unhappy and insisted it was the hotel’s responsibility to arrange alternative accommodation. The best they offered us was a free phone call to the reservations team (booking.com)……rubbish.I insisted that the hotel was at fault and they find us something nearby, whatever the cost (as they would be paying any extra on the room bill elsewhere).After speaking to the manager, she told us to have a seat while she “sorted it out”. As a taxi driver arrived, everyone who had been seated in reception, got up, got into the taxi/minibus and left. It soon became apparent that they had used this “maintenance issue” problem for other guests who arrived before us and sent them packing to the sister hotel which I assumed was previously empty!As soon as the reception had emptied, we were called over by the hotel manager and given a room key….apparently they had shifted someone else’s reservation out and made room for ours (maybe because we kicked up a fuss or maybe because they realised we had booked on the non-flex rate). The reception staff were polite enough but fairly unhelpful at first!Once through the maze of corridors it took to get to our room, we were made aware of just how small this hotel is, apparently it has 119 rooms but I think there are only 13 rooms here, the building is just too small!!Rooms are tiny (cant be any bigger than 10 sq metres), bed touches 3 walls, curtains dirty, no floor space for anything but feet!! TV is awful, its at a 90 deg angle to the bed, you feel like you should watch it through a mirror on the wall!Now onto the bathroom….the smallest bathroom I’ve ever seen. Reminded me of a hall of residence en-suite at university! Brushing teeth was a no go, when you bend down to spit/swill you bum hits the door behind you. If you had more than a 36 inch waistline, showers are also a no go zone! You simply wouldn’t be able to squeeze past the aeroplane toilet-sized sink to fit in the shower cubicle let alone wash your hair!! The toilet didn’t flush properly either. These are basics!!!Throughout our 1 night stay, we must have seen 20-30 sitting in reception or outside on the steps waiting for taxis to other accommodation!I can’t stress this enough, It’s a total CON and even if you’re one of the lucky ones to get a room, its 2 star at best not 4 star!!Another thing…….there is no bar here, the restaurant is very small indeed, no way this hotel has 119 rooms!!! CON CON CON	
Sep 13 2009	Tiny room but Good!	I think some of the review is a bit misguiding. Reception was friendly, but only thing is when i try to go to my room at basement, its like a maze. Room is small but clean and with nice pretty interior. Tea and coffee available in the room and also shampoo in the toilet. Free wi-fi as well in the room and many tv channels. Good bed and pillows, got big windows as well. Not too difficult to find from paddington station. Just turn left as you walk out from tube station and walk 2 streets ( will pass HSBC) and will see westbourne st. , turn right and will soon see hotel on the right.	
Aug 24 2009 	not that good	We stayed here three nights. Room was small, at the end of a very narrow corridor. In our room there was an emergency exit and it sound like behind that door was an office or a laundry, or both. Bathroom was nicely decorated, but the shower was very poor. No pressure and the water was either too cold or too hot. Fortunately we didn't spent our holiday in that room, only slept and took the shower, as well as we could, there. Short distance from Paddington station, that's the only plus.	
Jul 23 2009 	A disappointment	I booked the Premier on line through Wotif.com. The price was ok however the photos of the hotel were a little misleading in how they appeared. The staff worked hard to please and meet all my needs however the rooms were not up to par. They were new and clean but had several issues. The beds were cheap and unstable. After I complained about the first room the hotel tried to put me in a better room which did have a bath however it didn't actually solve the problem. The rooms are cheaply fitted out with gear that looks ok but is not good. The hotel was stuffy with stale air. The rooms were either hot and stuffy, or when you turned the air-conditioner on, they became a fridge. If you spilt water in the bathroom there was no where for it to drain. I am surpirised the hotel passed building inspection and fire clearance. If there was a fire you would have real trouble getting out in time! Most rooms in London are on the small side, especially on the budget end of the market however this was ridiculous. The room was far to small for two people even through it had a double bed you could not hold two suitcases, let alone two people in the room. The breakfast was surprisingly good and fresh. The staff did work hard to met your needs and were polite at all times. The rooms were not good and the owners appear to be trying to profit at the expense of their customers.I will not stay there again!	
Jul 16 2009 	credit card fraud at hotel	I have stayed at the Shaftsbury Premier Hyde PArk Paddington and its sister hotel on Craven Road. There is without question credit card theft taking place at these hotels. I have also noticed withdrawals from ATM machines near the hotel shortly after checking in. The price of staying at these hotels is too godo to be true and now i see why - the rooms are cheap but the total stay costs hundreds of pounds. Anybody staying at this hotel please contact Westminster Fraud department at London Saville Row and advise the Fraud department. Look out for transactions on your statements at VideoCafe MOneybox, Shell Bayswater and HSBC Paddington.	
Jul 7 2009 	Nightmare!!	I am writing to you warn all you's out there about this dreadful hotel!! I wish i had seen this website before i booked!I had booked a deluxe room for the weekend as it was my partner and I's anniversary.. Well.. in all honesty my rabbit has more room in its hutch than we had in the room! It was tiny!! I mean we had paid and booked to have a 4 * deluxe double room and we were given what I could only describe as a 3* standard single room with a double bed in it. Ok so we checked in at half 2ish and had plans to head out around 4ish...... but we turned on the taps to find we had no water what so ever ... so after travelling all morning we were unable to wash or shower...nice... it was finally turned back on when we returned.For my partner to get to the bathroom at night, she had to climb over the top of me as there was no room to walk around the bed and you could also only watch TV in bed if you turned your head 90 Degrees to the Left - this gave us a crooked neck within minutes...once again nice.The following morning at breakfast we had plenty of water...we had water pouring through the ceiling and through the lights!! We then had to leave breakfast and vacate the restaurant...and again nice.When we came back to hotel later that day we could not use the corridor that led to our room ...the ceilings had all fallen down! The only way to reach it was through the basement and up a back stairway to reach our room.I tried to complain several times over the weekend but management were 'coincidently' off duty!! I have never had a weekend like it in any hotel. What an anniversary!!!! Totally Ruined and Very Embarrassing!!When I arrived home I phoned the Hotel Manager and was offered a £60 refund. What an insult!! If you’ve booked to visit this hotel...get your refund now or your be wasting your money!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location - that is IF you get to stay there! ...	Booked a stay here on July 4th to show my 11 year old twin neice and nephew and my 73 year olf Mum the sights of London. I booked this hotel specifically for it's location as we were arriving by train and didn't want to be carting suitcases in and out of taxis. However, upon arrival we were told there was a maintenance issue and we were to be moved to an alternative hotel. Fair enough, I can appreciate these things happen - although an apology would have been good. The alternative turned out to be studio appartments in Tower Bridge which were wholy unsuitable and in a location which meant we were unable to visit the attractions planned.	
Jul 6 2009	The WORST hotel experience ...	It seems we weren't the only ones who got bumped from this hotel on friday night seeing other reviews on this site. Hen do - 12 of us. Booked way way back in january and confirmed two days before arrival. Arrived at 11pm to be told we had no rooms. The staff were unhelpful to say the least. After nearly two hours of heated debate we were packed off to BERMONDSEY ... to a (must say) very lovely hotel - gorgeously kitted out apartments ... one problem - it was half built. there were wires hanging out of the ceilings in the hall ways, ... it was a building site. AND they wanted to charge us £130 for the one night as opposed to the £110 for both nights we were expectign to pay at the shaftsbury. I have never in my life experienced such incompetence. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location nicely fitted out but very small rooms	Stayed in this hotel on 2 occasions in May/June 09. Rooms and bathroom very small but well fitted, very clean and beds comfortable. Added touch of fresh flowers and daily papers. In room internet and also public internet use in main foyer. Good Breakfast with excellent servce. Staff helpful. Did have some trouble with hot water in shower but this was overcome and staff helpful when I asked for assistance. Very well located, 2/3min walk to bus stop on Eastbourne street and an extra minute or 2 walk to Paddington Station. I did book my hotel thru the hotels website week before stay and got good online deals so at the price payed, in consideration to hotel prices in London I believe value for money.	
May 30 2009 	Nightmare	Where to start? As part of a group booking for the Shaftsbury Premier Bayswater we arrived at the Bayswater only to be told there was no room in the Inn and we would all have to stay in the Premier Hyde Park Hotel. The guy who received us in the Bayswater Premier was ignorant. We never even received an apology! Dumping guests onto other hotels within the group is also mentioned on at least one other review on this website. The Hyde Park hotel didn't have hot water when I arrived, my room was so small that the bed stretched from one wall to the opposite wall. The only way one could get to the other side of the room was by completing a delicate bouncing, rolly manoveur! The room did have air-conditioning but seemed ineffective. The air-circulation was poor and struck me as unhealthy. While the decor of the room was very nice, the staff friendly in this hotel, our group packed our bags and didn't even stay the second night. I would strongly advise against booking with this group of hotels.	
May 28 2009 	Tiny rooms	I was given a tiny basement room with a window that opened onto a basement patio used by hotel staff for smoking and for storing broken furniture - unpleasant view and unpleasant smell of smoke resulted if one left the window open. Also room security was poor in that the window, easily accessible from the street, only had an ordinary catch. I asked to be moved and was given a room on the ground floor even smaller than the first! There was no space even to open my suitcase. On a positive note, the Night Manager was very attentive.	
May 20 2009 	Credit Card fraud by Hotel Reception	I have stayed here 2 times and on each occasion my credit card has been used within an hour of checkin at a nearby ATM cash machine - BE VERY CAREFUL. These hotels in my opinion are crooks !!!	
May 11 2009 	Not a bad hotel if you can get a discount price	This hotel is close to Bay-water and queen-way tubes its around 20 minuets walk from Paddington station. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. This is an idea hotel to stay for 1 or 2 nights as the rooms are at best cosy with a Large LED TV. The en-suite was very clean, but shower cubical was small. The only problem was a lack of hot water, so had a very refreshing warm one instead. You can have a full English breakfast, pastries and fresh fruit salad. I would rate this as a 3 star + at best, having said that I would stay in this hotel again, but only at a discounted rate.	
May 8 2009 	Not bad for London	It's a short trip from Paddington station and a short walk to Hyde Park. It was a good place to stay for a first trip to London. Not much for good pubs or restaurants (with the exception of one really good Indian restaurant around the corner) in the area. We were busy everyday, but it was a good place to come back and crash at.	
Apr 28 2009 	A good hotel in a good location	A friendly hotel, situated in a pleasant avenue, just a few minutes walk from Paddington Station and fairly close to Lancaster Gate tube. A couple of restaurants and newsagents are close to the hotel. Rooms were nice and clean. Plenty of refreshments in the way of teas and coffees and these were replenished daily as were the lovely toiletries in the bathroom! Breakfast was plentiful, with a really good choice ranging from a full English to pastries and rolls with cheese, meats and baskets of fresh fruit. All in all, a very reasonable hotel to consider if you wish to spend a few days in London. Suitable for all age groups.	
Apr 14 2009 	A bed but nothing elese	We booked this hotel though last min.com on a top secret hotel deal which we had used before and got a great hotel, this time was the complete oposit. When we arived we did not have any probs checking in and the staff at the desk were very nice helped us with find buses ect but the room was the real let down. We found the room was mainly taken up by the double bed and there was no space to get round the bed and not much room to get dressed. The major probs were that there were plugs hanging off the walls and the toliet flush was working but not in properley. We were staying for two nights so we just took it as a bed at night and nothing elese. It may look good with the price on the site but be warned it is very basic.	
Mar 27 2009 	Dumped to different hotel	Shocking service, having booked to stay in this four star hotel, on my arrival at about 8.30pm and rather tired from travelling I was dumped with no explanation to The Hyde Park hotel in Bayswater, an even more cramped noisy and cold three star joint (which has a cheaper list price than what I paid through lastminute.com). And it took about another hour for me to get there.I had booked weeks in advance of this and was appalled at this behaviour. Don't book here, who knows where you will end up.	
Feb 25 2009 	Worst experience of my life!!	Just don't go there!! Problems checking in, problems checking out. Staff (and head office staff) not at all helpful. Booked with Ebookers (can't recommend them either). Hotel bill paid before I travelled but hotel wanted it again. I had payment confirmation with me but they just didn't care (or listen). Hotel blamed Ebookers. Ebookers blamed hotel - and I'm out of pocket as a result. NIGHTMARE	
Feb 19 2009 	Avoide At All Costs	This hotel is a set of hotels created by the London Premier hotels and all of them are the same. Run by inexperienced staff, poor quality build, really uncomfortable bed and finally room that are the size of most cupboards. They have made these hotel room so small that the best virtually do not fit into them. All three sides of the best touch the wall (I suppose you can be assured you wont fall out of bed)Most dissatisfied stay ever !	
Feb 3 2009 	Very bad	Very bad experience, small rooms, not clean enough, noisy and above all customer service is non-existant. Avoid this hotel.	
Jan 25 2009 	Disgraceful	This hotel is absolutely disgraceful. The first thing we noticed was a half eaten bag of crisps in the cupboard!!! If the cleaners hadn't even bothered to throw this away what else did they overlook when 'cleaning' the room?!!! Many reviews state that the rooms are very hot - that's an understatement! It was hotter than the sun. We had the window wide open when it was close to 0 outside and it was still way too hot. When we contacted reception to ask them to look at it they said they'd send someone up. After waiting for half an hour I called again and they said no one was around to take a look. This was a blatant lie, as when I said we would be expecting a refund someone came up within a minute. They suggested turning off the radiator, although this was never on in the first place!!! The reception staff were incredibly rude, and could not communicate very well at all. I would say stay well away!!!!	
Jan 21 2009 	A Doll's House	The hotel is a short distance from Paddington tube and main line station and, set back off the road, it's in a quiet location.Check-in was quick and the staff helpful.However, having read reports I feared the worst when I had to squeeze down the corridor to my room, or should I say box.It seems the company who run the hotel has compromised on guest comfort by forcing as many rooms as they possibly can into the smallest available area.The room was incredibly small and I would never have believed it possible to get a single bed, bedside table, dressing table and wardrobe into such a small area.It means there's an area the size of a chess board to stand up in.I would also mention that the walls are paper thin which doesn't help when the guest in the next room is watching TV until the early hours.The bathroom was equally tiny and once in the shower I had difficulty closing the door and then could only manage to get one arm above my head to wash my hair.I'm by no means the biggest of men so how some one any larger would manage I can only guess.The room was clean enough as was the rest of the hotel. I didn't eat breakfast or go in the bar so can't comment.The whole experience was just one of claustrophobia.	
Jan 3 2009 	Not for over six-footers	If you happen to be responsible for a repertory company that is touring the UK with a production of Snow White and the Seven Dwarves or Wizard of Oz and you need somwhere to accommodate your dwarves or munchkins, then this hotel is the answer to all your prayers.Snow White and Dorothy had better book their rooms someplace else though.Yes, as the other reviewers have mentioned before, the rooms in this hotel are *really* small. Yes, REALLY small.I'm 6'3&quot; and my girlfriend isn't much smaller. Actually maneuvering around the room proved to be quite a challenge at times as it resembled one of those puzzles where you have eight squares that need to be moved around to make a picture leaving only one empty square. We were constantly having to put the suitcase on the bed in order that one of us could get to the bathroom.It's my own fault though, I admit. As Samuel Goldwyn said, &quot;there's one born every minute,&quot; and at the minute I was booking accommodation on laterooms, that one was me.You see it was listed as being a 4-star hotel in central London which normally had a price of GBP415 per room but was discounted down to just GBP85. Amazing! I thought and so quickly booked lest the 'bargain of a lifetime' disappeared.I then checked out TripAdvisor and realized that I had made a mistake.But actually, for GBP85, I can't say it was bad value. The other alternatives for that price were all absolutely terrible according to the reviews. If I had paid GBP415 for a room, I would have been absolutely livid though.On the plus side, the room was nicely decorated, clean and not falling to bits and free internet in the room was a real advantage. The location, just five minutes from Paddington was very good (although calling it Hyde Park when it's a ten minute walk away is a bit of a liberty).So all in all, I'd say that it was OK value for money and I'd probably stay there again if I couldn't find anything better for the same money.	
Dec 17 2008 	Very Disappointing	Booked as &quot;Top Secret Hotel&quot; though lastminiute.com. Was described as Chic and it could have been but was poorly maintained. Rooms were tiny despite being a de-luxe. Nowhere for towels or luggage. Bathroom had most of the grouting missing from the floor and parts of the walls. Shower tray and plug hole were grubby - but couldn't use then them much as there was no hot water! First night they told us to run the tap for 15 minute - but of course it made no difference. There was warm next morning but only just but by evening it was cold again! Lots of niggly little things at breakfast like - no coffee and then it was instants, no white bread, no marmalade, poorly laid tables so had to ask for a side plates and salt and pepper. On positive side the rooms smelt lovely and the flowers in the public areas were beautiful but this was not enough to make up for the rest. And to cap it all they tried to charge us again for breakfast as we left even though we had paid up front when we arrived! I would definately not go there again.	
Dec 17 2008 	Tiny rooms!!!	I'll start with the only negative point first - I could not believe how small the bedroom was!!! I read a review that said there was not enough room to open a suitcase, and thought the person who wrote it was exaggerating. They were not. I had a double room, and there was only a foot between three edges of the bed and the wall. The bathroom was not big enough to fit a bath in. I can't imagine that all the rooms in the hotel were so small, but be careful when you are booking the place. If you suffer from claustrophobia or are, with respect, signficantly overweight, you would find staying here very uncomfortable.Now the positives: the bedroom was immaculate - I think the hotel has been recently refurbished, and you can tell because the bathroom was spotless and in excellent condition. I didn't have a lot to do with the staff, but when I dealt with them they were very polite and friendly. The location is excellent for easy access to all the best bits of central london, and is in a very nice area.	
Nov 14 2008 	Thought it was really nice	I booked this hotel last minute directly on their website for a one night stay as I was flying through London on my way to Spain. After booking I read the reviews on Trip Advisor I freaked out realizing it was to last for me to cancel. I then printed all the info from the website (room includes flat screen tv...etc) as well as the picture they had of the room (deluxe double including breakfast) and took it with me. We arrive really early in the morning (7am) and was dropped off at the wrong Shaftsbury hotel which was right across the road. The staff there were super friendly and helpful and actually carried our luggage across to the right hotel. Anyways we were to early for a room so we went for a bit of shopping on Oxford then went back to the hotel. We were give our keys and went up to our room. Imagine our suprise when we opened the door to a livingroom/bathroom with a kitchenette on the first level with steps going up the the second level loft that had a super comfy bed and small flat screen tv. There was a two story double door/window that was about 2 feet off the ground and opened to a little balcony over looking the street. The drawbacks were1. Limited semi hot water. You'd better get in and get out as fast as you can!2. If you have a slightly larger rear end then sitting on the toilet will leave a bit of your bum resting on the side of the tub.3. The tub needs a proper shower curtain as the foldable door thingy does not work and there was water everywhere.4. Being it's a slightly older building there was a little noise from the other rooms. Not enought to bother me but maybe someone who's a light sleeper.All in all I would definatly go back based on price and location. Save $200 American a night compared to other hotels? Yeah...I think it's worth it.My advice to others going to this hotel, print off EVERTHING, including photos and do not settle for less than what they say. Also ask for room 125 as I think it's the biggest by looking at the fire map within the hotel.	
Sep 25 2008 	Average	The hotel is in a pretty good spot, close to Paddington and Lancaster Gate undergrounds, but rooms are very small - we had a double bed with one long side pushed up against the wall so I had to get out at the bottom of the bed! Being a designer I could fault a number of other bad decisions relating to the design, but perhaps I'm overly critical. Reception had misplaced our reservation (maybe that's why we got a sucky room???) and we had to wait for a good while till it wsa sorted out. Breakfast was ok - at least they kept the buffett topped up!	
Sep 23 2008 	Different from the reviews here	Reading the reviews here scared me. But my experience was different. Having stayed at another Shaftesbury hotel, I knew the size of their single rooms. So I booked a double room using their website which gave me a very good deal. I like the fact that all Shaftesbury hotels have free broadband in the room. The room was spacious... not at all cramped. The bed might have been small for two people. The room was air-conditioned...not that you needed one at this time of the year. The bathroom was nice and comfortable. Maybe people with a larger frame would have had problems with the location of the toilet. They could do with a shower curtain. The foldable glass door for the shower does not prevent the floor from getting a little wet. Only complaint was that they never really refilled the hot chocolate powder in the room. Pros - value for money, location (2 min from Paddington stationCons - Phone calls...they charged me for calling toll free numbers and yes....the room did not have a flat screen TV as advertised.	
Aug 18 2008	shaftesbury victim	at check in staff seems to be proffisonal they asked me to keep the my second bag in the luggage room and give me receipt for it. Then the ask for tips clearly. at check out time my bag disappear from the luggage room no one cooperate till i call the police. really i have been to different hotels in different countries but never i face this cheating. a case was filed against them and we will see what will happen. reservation was done through british airways.	
Aug 7 2008 	Cramped and poorly maintained but close to Paddington/Hyde Park	This hotel is reputed to be a 4 star. We booked as a 'top secret' hotel through lastminute.com - after booking and finding out the name of the hotel I read the reviews on TripAdvisor and became anxious but decided to go anyway as the booking was paid in advance and I didn't have time to try and claim a refund.What's good about this hotel:- Near to Paddington and Hyde Park- Free Internet- Nice reception and lounge- It's a reasonable price for London, but read the negativesWhat's not so good about this hotel:- Rooms are tiny and cramped- Bathrooms are small, unvented and get damp- There is often no hot water- Poorly maintained, i.e. broken light bulbs and a broken bed on arrival - the bed was not properly fixed- The phone in our rooms was wired in to the wrong room number, so everything we tried to get fixed took ages due to the maintenance going to the wrong room- The simplest request, i.e. for a bottle opener, ended up in me going to fetch it for myself and then being asked to take it back!- Power cuts 3 afternoons in 5The 'Shaftesbury' company has spoofed it's logo to look very similar to the Sheraton logo - but don't be fooled!This place is really only ideal for a single traveller, who needs to be near Paddington for an early morning gettaway.	
Aug 1 2008 	very good location experience if you get a good price!	We got a good price on British Airways and the hotel is located a block from Paddington station, which makes it ideal for late access from the Paddington Express. It is near Hyde Park (very important to be near a nice big park with a child). The desk staff were very helpful and friendly, the room was clean, well-appointed, modern, if a little strange in that it was two levels but fairly small. The small kitchenette was very useful and we got the room as a free upgrade since we needed an extra bed for our three year old. The only negatives were that the wifi signal did not reach the room, though we could use our computer if we plugged into the jack there and the Internet connection was limited to just web browsing (no VPN so no business service in a business hotel) which the IT staff were unable to fix despite repated attempts.	
Jul 24 2008 	4 Star? Not...	We booked this hotel because of it's supposed four star rating. The price, $350 a night was high, but seemed right for a four-star in London.We booked a 'triple' for my wife, I , and our six-year old, and a single for my mother-in-law.The lobby was large and clean and well furnished, and the check-in was smooth. The beautiful Polish girls who appear to run the place could not have been nicer. Our expectations rose accordingly. They were quickly dashed by the rooms.My mother-in-law's room was the smallest I have seen, at any price, anywhere in the world. It appeared to be a closet that had somehow had a room squeezed into it. The shower toilet combo was plainly designed for slim contortionists. I went to the desk to protest, but all the singles were the same. The $280 a night we paid for it was robbery.Our room was marginally better. There were three single beds in it, each one the size of a camp cot, and about as comfortable. The bathroom was ludicrously small. The folding shower door was hung an inch over the tub, so water went everywhere, soaking all the towels and toilet paper right off the bat. The hand-held unit fell off as soon as we turned it on. Hot water came and went with some drama, particularly for the person showering, who alternately boiled and froze. When we got all three suitcases in the room, we had to climb over the beds to get around. The AC consisted of a fan, and an open window. The tiny TV picked up three blurry channels, by virtue of a rabbit ear antenna, something I have not seen for 20 years.Our son used the toilet as soon as we got there, which immediately failed to refill. After a complaint to the desk, a guy showed up to have a look. He looked a little dodgy, so I waited to see what he would do, as he lacked both tools and any sense of purpose. He waggled the handle a few times, and opened up the back and peered at the workings, plainly with no idea what to do. Suddenly he hit upon the solution - if the shower tap was turned on, the toilet refilled. He grinned and shook my hand at this revelation, &quot;See, fixed!&quot;, he chortled. I pointed out that this was a poor solution. He agreed, visibly disappointed at my reaction,, and promised to come back and have another go. We never saw him again.I cannot imagine how this hotel achieved four stars. The judges obviously never went past the lobby. London is never a bargain, but this place is ridiculous. Avoid.	
Jul 5 2008 	Better deals must be out there	We were in London for less than 19 hours so we selected this hotel due to its proximity to Paddington Station... the stop for the Heathrow Express.Aside from the room being very small, the shower's plumbing was totally messed up... either high pressure with ice cold water, or a dribble of scalding hot water.Staff didn't even really know how we could access information regarding theatre shows and times. Seriously?! Hotel staff in London that don't have info about theatre times and tickets?! Yep. We found 'em.If we had been staying at the hotel longer than about 7 hours, I would have demanded either a new room or a big discount.So, if you've got a lot of money you want to dump on a small hotel room and you like cold showers, I recommend this place.	
Jul 4 2008 	Can't complain for the price	Despite the negative reviews I opted to book this hotel for one night as it was very cheap and also close to Hyde Park, where I was going to see a concert.The twin room we got was clean and everything worked - the bowl of fruit and complimentary bottle of wine were a nice touch (think it's because it was a deluxe room) and the bathroom was a nice modern suite.The room was, however, extremely small as other reviewers mention. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in London and this room was tiny, even by London standards - well for a 4* hotel anyway. The bathroom was also really tiny but functional so it was ok.The air con worked which was a relief on a hot day and the breakfast was nice although I probably wouldn't have paid the £12 or £15 each for it if it hadn't been included in the rate I paid.I paid £99 for a twin room with breakfast through the hotel's website, which is really cheap and for that price I can't fault the hotel really. It's not somewhere I would want to spend a lot of time in and I wouldn't recommend it for more than a couple of nights but as a base for one night it was clean and functional, the staff were pleasant and overall it was great for the price I paid.Just one note for business travellers - I couldn't connect to my firm's network to check my email because the broadband offered in the room appears to be only limited access to websites and not full access to all global sites/networks (according to the test my IT helpdesk did).	
Jun 28 2008 	Shoe Box Rabbit Hutch Postage Stamp	I only wish I had reviewed tripadvisor before staying in this joke for a hotel. I stayed in room 309 admittedly from the outside you could never imagine what horror awaits you inside. It's all really been said. Stay here at your peril, avoid at all costs etc etc believe me the reviews are spot on. I have never felt so angry and humiliated at what was supposed to be a nice wekend break. Someone said on here you would be more comfortable on a park bench, I actually considered doing that, how anyone can get away with charging good money for such a shoebox beggers belief !!!!What more can I say, If your a Dwarf or a Sardine then this is the place for you but if you want to avoid disappointment then stay somewere else, you have been warned!	
May 25 2008 	Avoid at all costs - the reception cant hid the very big failings	A hotel to avoid - if you want a hotel on this price level then find another - the rooms are pretty dire and the well decorated reception cannot hide the rooms that fall well short of the price, the breakfast which is overpriced and not particularly enjoyable and the service which is pretty poor and we found particularly rude, unhelpful and homophobic. If you want a cheap budget hotel of which this is one then find another that is the on the same level as the Hyde Park Premier but has better service and will provide a more enjoyable stay.	
May 17 2008 	Unpleasantly surprised by room...	Pleasant exterior and smart reception mask what the rooms hold in store for the weary traveller. Told by helpful receptionist that my 'superior' room had been upgraded from a single to a double I eagerly made my way to see what treats lay behind the door. All I can say is thank goodness I didn't book a standard room! This 'superior' was tiny and I had to shuffle sideways around the bed to get to the other side to open the window in this airless cell. Pointless journey - the window was sealed closed so no prospect of fresh air.Reception advised that 'yes, it was a superior room, and no there had been no mistake, yes I could move but the only available rooms were in the basement. No, the windows didn't open but had I considered putting the aircon on?! No duvet, just a blanket and sheets. No mirrors other than one in the tiny bathroom containing a shower cubicle that was built for extremely thin guests only.This hotel is a fur coat and no knickers establishment!	
May 10 2008	No complaints! good value for money	I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in feb last year. We were originally booked into the hyde hotel which is almost directly across the street, but this was being refurbished so we were redirected to the hyde park hotel which is owned by the same people. Once inside i thought the reception area was very nice and clean. One minus point would be that i had to carry my suitcase up a staircase or more. Once we got to the room i wasn't disapointed. it was very clean and well furnished. The bathroom was very clean and towels were changed daily. Theres a kettle and milk sugar etc were also replaced daily. The room wasnt huge but it was big enough. There was a bathroom with bath and shower all very clean. the location is perfect, the hotel is in a lovely tree lined street, its about 1 min walk from padington station and from there you can anywhere you want. It was a brilliant trip, and i would def recommend this hotel and will use it again.	
May 7 2008 	Very small... certainly not a "deluxe double"	On first impressions looked like a nice hotel. Posh/Modern reception, helpful staff (bit on the slow side checking in though).. Walked into the room, very small for a double, but beautifully decorated in very rich colours, nice and clean. Certainly not what i would describe as a &quot;deluxe double&quot; though. Bit disappointed as no duvet, just blankets and being december it was quite chilly. Supposed to be double glazed, but it wasnt. Nowhere to store suitcase so you had to leave it next to the bed and climb over it (or on it) to get into bed. From the bed you could physically touch 3 of the walls without stretching. Bathroom very small, once you were in there you had to squeeze past the sink (which was of the smaller cloakroom variety not even a standard sized bathroom sink) to get into the shower. Now my partner and myself are both skinny, so lord knows how a larger person would get into the shower. Small desk next to the bed with tv and tea tray. Couldnt watch tv in bed because of its position and the tea tray in the way, but couldnt move the tv because of the aerial connection.Only a single wardrobe so not nearly enough space for both our clothes (weeks worth - womans packing though!), no drawers and bottom of wardrobe was housing the safe so you couldnt even stack things in the bottom. We spent the whole week living out of suitcase and ironing clothes daily as we needed them which in itself was tough, no space to use the ironing board in the room, unless you blocked the door out of the room or into the bathroom (which opened out into the room).We were room only, so cant comment on food, but there were fresh apples in the reception area each day!Overall, not a bad hotel if you dont intend on spending much time in it, but for the price we paid (around £90 per night) we've found much better (and more spacious) elsewhere in London.	
Apr 29 2008 	reasonable hotel for reasonable price	5 minuets away from Peddington stn (20 Min from Heathrow - with the Heathrow exp.). so also very accessible to the London underground.Single room is VERY small but clean and comfortable. Internet is free BUT no WIFI only broadband - so bring the network wire with you!Stuff was was very helpful, and they have fresh apples on the welcome desk - nice treat.And price was good. Did not try the food or drinks - so no opinion on that.	
Apr 25 2008 	Beware!	Booked this hotel as a 4 Star &quot;Secret Deals&quot; on Last Minute, only to discover that it was being offered at a better price on Hotels.com. Hidden on Last Minute's website is a little box which enables you to claim back a refund within 24 hours if this happens, but I was a few hours late; so act quickly.This hotel has ticked the necessary boxes to give it a 4 star rating. It has a restaurant - an underground box which only serves sandwiches. The rooms are ensuite - but the tiniest bathrooms in London. There is satellite TV - yes but my 14 inch colour TV didn't work correctly for the entire 5 days despite my reporting it several times. The rooms have AC - a very feeble affair. The hotel has a bar - a joke. The hotel has a lift - yes, but you'll also have to drag your suitcase up hidden flights of stairs when you get to your floor. Service as such is almost non-existent.On the plus side, the so-called 'deluxe' rooms are quite spacious, and this will be the main concern for many travellers. The staff are pleasant enough, but many of them struggle with basic English. If you booked this as a 3 star you would walk away reasonably satisfied. However if you are expecting genuine 4 star service you will be sorely disappointed.	
Apr 23 2008 	Questionable 4* rating	Booked this hotel as a &quot;Top Secret&quot; through lastminute.com - however, the hotel were selling it cheaper direct! Also, I did try e-mailing the hotel three times prior to my stay, for a 'request', but I didn't get a reply.Not much of a walk from Paddington station, and the hotel is set back a bit from the main road. First impressions were good from the exterior and lobby areas.The receptionist was very polite &amp; helpful, and she upgraded us to a 2-bedded double room at the back of the hotel (in lieu of the request I e-mailed ahead for).As we approached the room, both keycards failed to unlock the door. So I had to go back down to reception and, after nearly breaking my neck on stairs that were not marked as you opened an interior door, we were in.The bedroom area was quite spacious and relatively clean, but no way was it decorated to 4* standards. The television was about 13&quot;, you literally couldn't turn around in the bathroom, but the biggest problem were the windows. These were to be the culprits for keeping us up all night, as they wouldn't shut properly and the wind whistled through.This hotel's only redeeming qualities were the comfortable beds and very friendly staff.Whilst we wouldn't stay again, it maybe ok if you were allocated a bigger/newer room for a one night stopover.	
Apr 11 2008 	Small rooms without air conditioning	This is a newly remodeled hotel situated about a 5 minute walk from Hyde Park located in Paddington. The rooms are extremely small, but clean and modern. We had stayed in this hotel twice within a year and the (newly installed) air conditioning wasn't working either time.Despite the small and stuffy rooms, we would gladly stay at this hotel again due to the low prices.	
Apr 7 2008 	Be Aware of single rooms	I booked a standard single room for two nights at this &quot;fully refurbished&quot; 4 star hotel. The first room provided on arrival had one remaining screw holding the door handle to the door. When I drew this to their attention, they offered me another room. This had equally poor door furniture, ungrouted tiles in the shower, a bedside locker without knobs and drawers that did not open and several power sockets that were loose and not working. I was moved to their sister hotel around the corner, where the standard was consistent with 4 star designation and where the staff were excellent. The emphasis /response in the first establishment consistently revolved around the provision of a &quot;standard&quot; room, without any acknowledgement that that standard should be at least safe and habitable if not even in keeping with the number of stars awarded to the hotel.	
Mar 28 2008	Good Value Excellent Location	We booked two rooms, one a quad and one a twin. Upon arrival we were told that the twin had been upgraded to a club, and for the price we paid the room was excellent. The location was within easy reach of tubes etc. to get around London but not the best location we have stayed in. The bathrooms were small but very clean and served the purpose.The small scale of the hotel was not a problem and as value for money goes, we as a family of six, found it excellent. However, my main complaint was the attitude of the staff. The main purpose of our visit was for a family outing to Theatre Land, primarily a Christmas present for my recently widowed mother-in-law. When we returned at 10.30p.m. we went to the bar for a glass of wine and the bar manager was very uncooperative. All the tables were set for breakfast and she was very clear that we were not welcome. The only chilled white wine were the small, single glass bottles, at a very expensive price. The standard bottles were a competative price for a hotel but on the shelf and obviously warm.Breakfast the next morning was a challenge to say the least. There were no glasses available for juice, no cups and saucers available for tea and coffee and no bowls available for cerial. I repeatedly asked for replacements but as soon as, the limited number, were placed on the tables they were swooped up by guests who had obviously asked before me. The staff found my repeated requests as a great annoyance could not hide their contempt. I must say that the food was lovely and well worth waiting for.The smallness of the rooms was not a massive problem and the rooms were of a very good standard both furnish and clean wise. The food was lovely and if they could send their staff on a costomer service programme this would be a very good value for money hotel. I would come back, but only if other hotels that we have stayed in previously and know how to look after their guests, were fully booked.	
Mar 11 2008 	Mediocre	This hotel is in a great location and was priced very well. So after reading the reviews I took a chance.The room was adequately sized. It was consistent with most Euro hotels where they offer rooms much smaller than US hotels. The service sucked. I'm not one to need a lot of service - check me in and get me on my way. But the front desk acted like they were doing me a favor. Note to hotel - if you're going to run a hotel, at least be nice to people when they check in and out.I didn't eat there so I don't know what the breakfast was like. I was on my way to Heathrow and having the hotel walking distance to Paddington was really convenient.After check in this hotel isn't terrible, especially for the price I paid. I would stay here again.	
Mar 9 2008 	Shafted at the Shaftesbury Premier Hyde Park Paddington – Literally	I stayed there in March 2008My first room 808 ----- billed as a “double” was a below ground postage stamp sized room requiring you to be a contortionist to use the shower and toilet. You could not open the wardrobe and bathroom door at the same time. The advertised in room free internet service was not available.I asked for a larger room and was promised a “nice” room.My second “nice”room 815 while bigger than the first room this was again a below ground room at the bottom of the air conditioning shaft. The room was in a corridor used by the hotel staff at all times night and day. The tiles in the shower are falling off the walls.The television did not work for the entire three days although it was reported to front desk staff on multiple occasions I now understand while you are billed for your entire stay when you check in as you then become a captive.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great breakfast	Although oppressively heated in winter, this hotel is clean and the beds are comfortable. It takes some time for the water to heat up in the morning, though. If you get breakfast included, it is well worth it! The buffet is fantastic and filled with a comprehensive selection of hearty and fresh foods. We had a problem communicating with the staff, who, despite working in a British hotel, could not speak English. They accidentally double-charged us for our room and it took nearly two weeks to sort it out.	
Feb 23 2008 	great little find!	Stayed at the Shaftesbury Premier Hyde Park Paddington Feb 8- 13, 2008. It was definately worth the price. When hotels in London on average are over $200, finding one for this price was great. we paid around $155 CDN a night. reading the reviews i was kind of worried, it seemed like a mix bag of experiences. Location:from Heathrow, it is only 15 min to Paddington Station and from Paddington to the hotel a 5 min walk. The city siteseeing bus even comes by the hotel, so if you have a ticket you can ride into the city centre. Very convIenent to the tube station (many lines connect at Paddington). Close walk to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. First day we walked into the city centre from the hotel, took about 1 hr, great way to acquaint yourself with a new city. Hotel is also convienently located to Kings Cross/St.Pancras Station, this is where you get the train to other parts of Europe. Hotel:when we first checked it, we were given a room on the 6th floor. to our surprise, when we open the door, there was someone watching TV. kinda amusing, we went downstairs and the problem was fixed. The hallways are very narrow, with some bendy turns, making suitcase moving challenging, but that's okay b/c u only move up and down once.The room:Very small, but efficiently laid out. (once we got to Paris, we realized that this room was 'huge' in comparison). The furnishings were cute and trendy. Bed was pretty comfy. The bathroom is small, but good enough, there is a tub with a shower. one problem is that when you shower the water goes all over the place, since the shower door is useless.We had one double bed in the room, and really only had enough room for our 2 suitcases, but again, you don't really spend too much time in your room anyway, so for the price it is okay. There is a fridge in the room which is great, saved some money by eating breakfast in the room. Coffee making facilities, it was only instant coffee, but it does it job. Internet in the room works of the TV so you don't need a laptop, but there is also a cable you can connect to. I believe that there is free wireless in the lobby.The walls were a little thin, we could hear some people speaking LOUDLY in the hallway, I think you just need to be aware of this and be considerate to others and not shout in the hallways at 7 am. Overall. despite a few glitches, the location and comfy feeling made it worth the price. The area of the hotel is very safe. Would definately return to this hotel in the future!!!	
Feb 15 2008 	Much better than expected/feared	I was extremely worried about having booked this hotel after reading the reviews on here, but luckily my fears were totally unfounded. The location is great. Parking is expensive - but this is London. Our room was fine. Plenty of room for a double bed, desk, sofa, wardrobe etc. The bathroom was small but really nicely done. Everything was spotless, and all the extras such as safe, ironing board etc were there.The hotel was very hot, but with the window ajar was not a problem and traffic on the road outside isn't noticeable until after 8 am.The staff were perfectly polite and helpful with advice on how to get to the sights. All in all, we had a great 3 days here and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Feb 7 2008 	Good hotel in a convenient location	Just returned from a three night stay at the Hyde Park Paddington and I was perfectly happy with this hotel. I was keen to stay in a decent hotel, fairly close to the tube, in an area where I would feel safe to walk at night. The Hyde Park Paddington ticked all of the boxes.The hotel is only a four or five minute walk from Paddington Station and Tube (hint -to be heading in the right direction for the hotel, if arriving by National Rail or on the Bakerloo line, turn right out of the exit; if arriving on the District or Circle line turn left) and the fact that several tube lines connect at Paddington makes it very easy to get around central London. The rooms and their bathrooms are quite small, but that is fairly standard for London. Our room was a twin located behind the lift (room 409) and we had more than enough space to move around the room. The beds were very comfortable - I could have brought mine home with me! The room was spotlessly clean and the daily maid service kept it that way.Overall: convenient location, friendly staff, comfortable room. I would stay there again.	
Feb 5 2008 	NOT a 4 Star Hotel	I won't be coming back to this hotel. The elevator was so tiny that my boyfriend and I had to ride up separately because all of our luggage would not fit with the both of us inside. The room was not a deluxe as it had been advertised. There was about 2 feet of room between the foot of the bed and the wall. The air conditioning unit in the room is SO big that it takes up a lot of room. Thank goodness we were there in the winter as I would not be able to handle having to put the air conditioning hose outside and leave the window open(but that defeats the whole purpose of air conditioning to begin with!). The bathroom was small and the shower stall was even TINIER! The tap from the bathroom sink ran brown at first(and they call this a 4 star hotel?), but to my relief it eventually ran clear. The sheets were filthy! There were ALL sorts of hairs and crumbs in the bed! I called reception and the bellboy brought up new sheets, but I ended up changing the sheets myself as housekeeping had gone for the day! I kept thinking &quot;I can't believe I paid $132 a night to be my own housekeeper&quot;. The bed was uncomfortable and the bedding reminded me of the 80's with the brown foam blanket and sandpaper sheets. And the walls in this hotel are so thin, you can hear your neighbor's TV and doors slamming. I left this hotel sleep deprived and extremely disappointed.	
Jan 30 2008 	Reasonable for the money and location	I have mixed feelings about my stay here. There were good aspects, and bad aspects. In the end it comes down to money. If i had paid the &quot;rack rates&quot; of £250+ i would have been most displeased with the experience, as it was, having paid less than £80 for a central london room midweek, it was acceptable.So more detail..Getting there.Very handily located from Paddington Station, maybe 5-7 mins steady walk, which makes it ideal for people with an early start or late arrival using Heathrow Express to/from the airport.Reasonably nice area, felt quite safe walking along the wide, lit road with very nice properties on them.On the downside, there are 2Premier hotels on this road, the Paddington and the Hyde Park Paddington, on opposite sides of the road, neither of which had proper big signs above, so it is easy to go to the wrong one- and easy to miss them!ArrivalSmall reception area, staff looked a bit surly, but were actually helpful and smiley once you start. I was upgraded from a double to a queen (2 xDouble) room, which was nice. The girl on reception was apologetic that my room was not yet ready, and directed me to take a seat in the &quot;lounge/waiting area&quot; with a drink for the 15mins till it was ready. Comfy chairs and good selection of papers and magazines to read. I was collected and given my room keys within the promised 15 mins.Hotel appearance.Generally clean, with a few nice design features, but just a feeling of being a little shabby round the corners. Lift upto the 5th floor clean and working well. The choice of carpet was.... hmmm. loud?The corridors along from the room were pretty hot and stuffy..The roomReasonable sized room, and clean. Large desk with tea/coffee making facilities and tv/internet keyboard on. The desk was pretty large and dominated the room a little, and was a bit beaten up and tatty- which brought the room down somewhat.The 2 beds were nicely made up with sheets, blanket and bed spread, 2 pillows per double, and 4 extra pillows in the wardrobe.Also in the room, iron/board, lugguage rack, clothes rail and a wardrobe with plenty of hangers, and 2 chairs, one stacked with plenty of extra towels (for reasons obvious later!).The bathroom WAS small... Toilet, basin with small shelf with tissues and 2 glasses. A bath with shower over, as well as a shorter handheld shower attachment,and a foldable shower screen. So small no space for a loo roll holder, so toilet paper was on a shelf behind the toilet. Again, hooks with a good number of towels.Problems..There were a number of issues with the room..The reason for the large number of towels became apparent- a quick shower and the floor was flooded.The aircon unit control panel was broken so couldnt change the temperature- and it got pretty stuffy!This explained why the window was open when i came in! The problem being that there was no lock on the window at all. However being on the 5th floor with no balconies, maybe this isnt as big a problem as it could be else where.. and at least the area is pretty quiet so there wasnt the usual london traffic noise.ServiceGood points, already mentioned the girl on reception and room upgrade.Rang down for a bottle opener, and it arrived within 4 minutes, and the staff member even opened the bottle for us.Bad pointThere is a small room service menu until 10pm, however upon asking it was unavailable as the waitress had gone home sick.The girl on recpetion was helpful and offered a selection of takeaway/delivery menus to choose from instead and recommened a good thai place around the corner.So. Would i recommend it? If you object to paying the high mid week london rates, and dont mind a few rough edges, then you will have a clean bed, and reasonable stay. if you like all luxuries and super smart, then go somewhere else..	
Jan 8 2008 	Very Poor!	I picked this as a 'mystery hotel' through a well known last minute booking website as I have always had good experiences with this previously. Of course the drawback is always that you never get to actually see the hotel you've picked until you've paid for it. When I finally saw it was this one I was nervous as it has had some very mixed reviews on Trip Advisor. I'm sorry to report that my experience was of the negative side. It looks great in the reception area and all very modern and minimalist. However, the desk clerks only spoke very poor English (and this must surely give a very weird impression to those visiting London from abroad!) and couldn't find my booking for about 10 minutes.The room (a deluxe double) was odd too. It was depressingly decorated, with, for some reason, two, springy and spongy soft double beds squashed into it. The whole room had the most depressing lighting I have ever seen in a hotel room - it seemed to make the room appear even more drab than it was already - wonky pictures on the wall, missing light switch fronts, stains on the ironing board, two lonely chairs but no table - just very, very odd.As my pic shows, the view was appalling (pigeon dropping heaven) and it is nowhere near Hyde Park at all - so don't expect any green views! It's reasonably handy for Paddington Main Line station but not very much else.The bathroom was like a cupboard - painfully small and although decorated in a modern style it was filthy dirty, not having been cleaned out from the previous occupant (see pic).I would never stay here again and couldn't wait to get home to shower and get myself clean. It is more akin to a poor 3 star than a 4. I would strongly urge people to think carefully before spending more than 1 night here (if at all). There are far better 4 star hotels in London than this one!	
Jan 3 2008 	Hyde Park - Stay at your peril!	Thought I would give my review on this hotel. Reason - because this is by far the worst hotel ever, in my experience of staying in London Hotels! This should have been a great 20th anniversary weekend for me and family, so we booked 2 rooms to accommodate us all. When I reviewed the recent comments on line I was a little concerned. However, we decided to stick with this as it couldn't be as bad as some of the reviews!! Bad move!The hotel has an impressive facade, but I am afraid the good points end there.At reception we were asked to pay our full bill in advance, very unusual I thought, especially since we had not even seen our rooms yet. But it gets worse and maybe the best thing is to bullet the comments I have to make:1. Size of room - so small it was not big enough for a single bed never mind a double (and superior size at that!). There was approx 4 inches of leg space to pass the end of the bed.2 Size of bathroom - how this got planning permission is beyond me. The room was about 2 feet in width, so small that there was no room to bend at the washbasin. The shower cubicle at 2 feet square was just enough room to stand in, although washing was quite difficult! The cubicle door only opened about 18 inches because this then clashed with the wash basin!3. Towels - why was it so difficult to get towels in this hotel? No towels on arrival (pm). Initially had to request from reception. No towels again when we arrived back on the second day of our stay. Again needed to request these from reception!4. Why does a double room have only enough coffee and tea for one drink ie one coffee sachet, one tea bag and one milk!5. This room was so tiny that the TV was in front of the mirror on the dressing table, so not only could you not use the dressing table, but you could not use the TV either unless you wanted to sit side on to the bed!6. No storage space.7. Fans very noisy immediately outside our bedroom window.8. No dial tone on the phone. Our children were in a different room and on a different floor and we would have liked to have had the facility to communicate with them via the room phone.9. The bed was very hard, hence it was very difficult to sleep. That is once we had overcome the noise from outside the window.10. Finally, our discussion with the hotel staff regarding our concerns fell on completely deaf ears. It was as if, they have had our money now they dont give a damn! Completely disinterested.The room we were in was 'M3' and on further inspection outside the room it was obvious that this was originally one room (door architraves still evident), which has now been divided up into 3 double rooms!I would like to say something positive about this hotel, however given our experience over two nights and the reaction of the staff, I cannot find one solitary thing. But I wish others all the best.	
Jan 3 2008 	Rooms very small	The hotel is beautiful from the outside and they've obviously spent a lot of money refurbishing the rooms. However the rooms are ridicioulsy small, thankfully we were only using it to sleep in. Our room was nicely decorated, although there was too much furniture in the room. The shower room was tiny! Although very modern and it did the job. It was spotless aswell, the staff came in everyday and cleaned the whole room.The staff are slightly rude, and sometimes hard to understand. The lift wasn't working the whole 5 days we were there, the air con was working but made a complete racket. However the hotel was ideally located next to paddington station. There is a lot of nice restaurants and bars nearby aswell.I would use again... as it was cheap.	
Dec 17 2007 	Comfortable stay	I've stayed in the hotel at very good rate, it's the promotion in it's hotel website. I stayed in a single room,although the room is small, it's enough for me personally. The important criteria I'll look at for a hotel is the bathroom's cleanliness, and I felt very satisfy with the bathroom. It's very clean, with soap and shower gel, with clean tissue and towel. The hot water is just nice for me.The service is good, as there's ppl who help me carry my lugguage up the narrow stairs, and help me to carry down during my checkout.Overall stay in this hotel.... I'm very satisfy. I would recommend and stay in the hotel again in future. : )	
Nov 5 2007 	Not as bad as expected!	Booked the hotel as &quot;secret location&quot; through third party website so didn't know where we were staying until booking complete. Then read reviews and panicked! Although classed as a four star I would say that it is more a three. Good things: location, staff very friendly, breakfast very good value, building clean and tidy. The bad: like most people we found the shower room to be miniscule - for anyone slightly bigger than average there would be real problems; we arrived back from the theatre at 10.55 pm to be told that the bar closed at 11.00 so we couldn't get a drink; we were awoken by someone hammering on the door and then coming in - we think it may have been housekeeping but they'd gone before we could see. It's an ok hotel. I have stayed in worse and for central London it's not bad value.	
Oct 20 2007 	Fair by London standards	We stayed for 3 nights in October. The location is good, close to underground and mainline stations, Hyde Park is a 5 minute walk away and delightful. We booked a quad room and think we came out of it quite well, although we asked for 2 singles and a double, we got 2 doubles. No major hassle, it meant that the room was a reasonably good size by London standards, although we did have to get rid of some of the tables and chairs just to move around! Only main grumble, like some of the previous reviewers, we found the hotel UNBEARABLY hot, bear in mind this was mid-October, couldn't stay there in the summer. Overheard a fellow guest making similar comments, although like us is Scottish, so maybe we have a different warmth threshhold! Would recommend it if you can get it at discounted rate, not sure I'd pay full price	
Oct 18 2007	Great hotel until our personal items were stolen from the room.	We spent 4 nights at the hotel. When we returned on our last day, our keys were demagnatized and had to go down to the desk to get new ones. We got new keys and went up to the room to pack. We found that an IPOD, cell phone, and a jewelry pouch were missing.We reported this to the desk and given a promise that management would contact us. It has now been 3 days, 2 International phone calls and 2 emails directly to the manager of the hotel. Still no return contact from the hotel management!! All items would have been very small and easily removed from our room without notice. Someone obviously entered our room with a key during Saturday and removed the items. This would indicate that someone on staff entered the room with a key, therefore invalidating our keys on return. The items were not laying out so they obviously had to search our bags to find them.The hotel was small, clean, with a courteous staff, but was totally ruined by the theft incident.	
Oct 17 2007	Nice Hotel - Convenient - Small Bathroom	This really wasn’t a bad place. The location is pretty convenient to Paddington and thus Heathrow. It’s not on a busy street, and though it doesn’t have much of an exterior, it is nice inside. The rooms are a bit cramped – more by design than space limitations. The bathroom was next to unusable because of not enough room for the toilet and tub. But, service seemed good, the cleanliness and amenities were above par, and their breakfast was pretty good for a hotel freebie. It looked nice, my room had aircon and even an upstairs loft. And it was quiet. The only weird thing was you had to leave you key in a wall reader to turn on the lights and such, and it is very easy to forget your card in there. There is another Shaftesbury nearly across the street that they are still working on. Another plus is there is a lot of dining options nearby and it is a main station on the tube.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great location for London Paddington Station	Having stayed at many small London boutique hotels this one was very good value. The room rate for two people was only ?55 for the night booked via [--]. Easy walking distance from Main Line Paddington Station, suitcases with wheels on more or less level surface. Check in staff organised, courteous and booking confirmed. Room requested was exactly as requested. Westbourne Terrace facing room with no traffic noise after dark. Bathroom a little small but modern, clean and good strength shower. Air conditioned room. Nice TV. Room decor modern. Walking distance to Queensway for food. Sainsbury Local at Paddington Station. Buses from Eastbourne Terrace to many parts of London. Tube at Paddington (Hammersmith, District, Circle and Bakerloo).Great place to stay for an overnight stay on arrival or departure from London. Not recommended for more that a two night stay. Luggage was left for the day after checkout at no charge. Spend your time being a tourist not in the room!	
Oct 6 2007 	well located	We booked a theatre break so this hotel was well located for the underground and easy to find. The reception and check in process was quick and stress free. Our room was nicely furnished and had everything that we needed. The only downside is the size, we had a bathroom that you can barely turn around in and to walk from one side of the bed to the other is not easy! However we also had an upstairs part of our room which had a kitchen area and sofa and there was plenty of room in there. I think you would struggle with this hotel if you needed any assistance or were disabled. Also the walls did seem a bit thin and there was quite a bit of noise at night. I would stay here again if looking for somewhere to stay in a central location and only needing a bed for the night.	
Oct 3 2007 	a pretty good place to sleep	I stayed at the hotel in mid august with some of my friends. Despite the bad comments it turned out to be a good hotel. Not the best, but a comfortable place to sleep and the price was ok( something around 65 pounds which is quite good considering the location - very close to paddington station).The staff was very friendly and funny it made us feel welcome and confortable. There were some problems with the booking but they've managed to find it in due time. The room was very clean.There were some problems with the towels but they appologised and brought same straight way.It's a very good hotel if u want to visit london and spend the most of the time outside.	
Sep 30 2007 	ok but not worth the price	good appearance from outside,good location. average standard but not what would expect from 4 star hotel. rooms clean but tiny,couldn't walk round end and side of double bed. breakfast ok but at £15 a head not excellent value for money,luckily we had it included with the internet booking.	
Sep 26 2007 	Fairly average	My friend and I stayed at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park Paddington for three nights in June, and my overall impression was fairly average: an OK place to stay during your holiday, but not a hotel to make you give up your search for alternatives the next time you'll be visiting London.The Hyde Park Paddington is beautifully and very conveniently situated in the lovely Westbourne Terrace, five minutes walk from Paddington station. The area is safe and easily connected to both Heathrow and &quot;downtown&quot; London.However, we got our first surprise as we discovered that the hotel changed from 4 to 3 stars after we'd booked but before the trip took place! It turned out to be a lot closer to 3 stars, the rooms being very small and averagely, but sufficiently clean. Judging by the interior, we got the impression that the rooms had been redecorated fairly recently. The bathroom was delicate, but ridiculously small - there was a small square metre of floor in between the bath, WC and washstand. And in order to use the desk we had to sit down at the end of the bed, as there was no room for a chair!Staff was polite and moderately friendly, with the pleasant exception of the porter, who was very helpful and attentive! Breakfast was nice and the breakfast room bright, but small and windowless apart from a modest conservatory extension covering the basement level of the back yard.One thing struck us as odd: Our reservation included a preference for a twin-bed, non-smoking room, which the reception staff confirmed upon our arrival. Despite their announced awareness at this point, upon checking in we were presented with a double-bed room with a pervasive stench of cigarette smoke. As we complained, we were given a twin-bed, non-smoking room in stead - why didn't we get that in the first place?Conclusively, we were satisfied, but probably won't be returning here anytime soon - London has better hotels to offer, I'm sure.	
Sep 11 2007	Not bad...but I expected more	My sister and I got here for a 4-night stay. The staff was quite helpful: we got there at 11 am, so we couldn't get the room yet, but we were offered to leave the luggage in a closet in order to start our trip without problems. When we got back in the evening the room was ready, but the lift wasn't working so we had to use a service elevator which was very tiny so we got up both first and then my sister went back for the suitcase (the two of us and the baggage couldn't do it in the lift). The room was very tiny, too. We had a double bed (it was fine as we don't mind sharing), but it wasn't King-size as the hotel website said, just a common double bed (actually, our room looked exactly like the one with the brown duvet and the narrow corridor, might be the same). The room was so small that the bed was pushed to the side so one of us had to climb from the other side to get in. The bathroom was small, but very clean (no complaints here). The breakfast buffet was nice, too.The hotel is very near Paddington Station, I think the gate we used was the one in Eastbourne terrace. It is right at the beginning of Craven Road, if you take this straight you arrive to Westbourne Terrace in one minute, turn right and the hotel is just another minute's walk away.I would say this hotel is better than many 3 star hotels in London, but I wouldn't say it deserves the 4 stars. Anyway we didn't have major problems besides the room size.	
Aug 30 2007 	Worse Than Hell! A Must Skip!	This is the worst hotel I have been to, unless you like rude staff, 7X7 (Feet) rooms with NO space to walk, temperature around 40 C/100F inside the room, no air conditioning, and no windows, that is. 4 stars? What a joke! Do yourself a favor, go sleep on a park bench, you will be happier and more comfortable.	
Aug 1 2007 	The Good The Bad 	Given: The hotel apparently is under new management and is being renovated. Their letterhead now reads &quot;Shaftesbury Hotel Paddington&quot;The Good: Free hi-speed ethernet internet connection. Does flake out at times, but otherwise reliable. There are computers in the lobby for those who forgot theirs, or need to access the internet while someone else is using the room connection.Family Room (sleeps 4) good size for family w/ small kids or two couples who do not mind tiny quarters.Nice flat screen TV.A lot of fine places to eat in surrounding area, including small shops to purchase cold items.Super convenient access to ATM and Paddington Station (rail and London Underground). You have access to underground lines: Hammerstein/City, Circle, and District. Downtown buses also terminate nearby. When exiting Paddington Station, exit Eastbourne &amp; Praed (do not cross Praed). Go to Westbourne, but do not cross Westborne Terrace street. Turn right. The hotel, not marked, is on the same side of the street Only a 5-10 minute walk.The Bad:Family with teenagers -- especially one of each, you'll end up with double beds. Apparently, no twins available.Room so small, you cannot get to the closet. Refrigerator almost out of the question. Ours did not work. Emitted heat that only compounded the temperature issue.Maid service -- diminishing towel replacement. Spent 5 nights, each new service, we were missing replacement towels and/or bathmat.Reception Staff only process in and out. Cannot (whether incapable or under instructions) answer many simple questions about the area.No free breakfast. No matter what their website will advertise, plan on eating outside -- £10 for pre-order, £12 for drop-in. Go down the street, and enjoy the same advertised meal for £6.Restaurant only opened for breakfast. Did not see bar/lounge. Could exist on basement level as well.When receiving documents (fax), make sure sender instructs reception staff to alert you. Otherwise, it will sit at the reception desk.The Ugly:When we were there, humidity = 80-100%. No ventilation or air circulation. Hotel will offer stand fans, but only good for small area. Really does not resolve discomfort level.No bathroom/shower exhaust. First one into the shower, gets the best. Last one, the bathroom is a steamroom.Did I say -- broken refrigerator?Family room good for two committed couples or families with small children who don't mind sleeping in the same bed. Families with teenagers, beware.Mini spotlamps in bathroom, sleeping areas and hallways. None help with the climate (extremely hot) nor environmental friendly. Would recommend to hotel to change certain area to florescent tubes, would reduce heat and save energy.No garden. Views of street or back towards buildings and roofs.Elevators (&quot;lift&quot;) only good for 6 people. Have luggage, go in shifts. While there, construction workers often took priority of the lift. Plan on taking the stairs of they are still working.	
Jul 19 2007 	Disappointing Experience	This hotel's in a nice tree lined avenue, close to Paddington, Hyde Park, Queensway and Bayswater. The receptionists were no more friendly than absolutely necessary but no real complaints about them. The room (405) though was simply not 4 star; perhaps it was 2 star at a pinch. It would have been compact as a single but as a double it was pathetic. You can only exit one side of the bed as the other is against a wall. There is barely space to move around and the bathroom is so tiny that there's no space for toilet paper next to the toilet; it's out of reach by the far wall. Great if you've got arms like an Oran Utang ! It's as though the bedroom/bathroom were installed in a section of corridor. Oh, and there were no towels in the room. Unfortunately, the hotel was full so we had to put up with the nicely decorated but microscopic room. Good things are free mags and wireless broadband but it's only in the lounges on ground floor. The room was heavily discounted but GBP 99 without breakfast is way over the odds for this standard of accommodation. You can do very much better in the neighbourhood for the same money. No wonder the hotel can afford to discount rooms if they squash 2 people into a box ! 4 star - don't make me laugh !	
Jun 27 2007 	Not as bad as the previous reviews make out	We booked the hotel before reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were very apprehensive as to what the hotel was going to be like. However, I was very impressed that it was nowhere near as bad as had been made out. Dealing with the negative comments that others have made:Unfriendly staff - I have to admit the receptionist wasn't the friendliest but she was efficient.Check in time - the check in time is quoted as 2pm. We arrived at 12.30pm and I was expecting to be told to go away and come back later. The receptionist called through to housekeeping as our room wasn't ready yet and found a room that was ready and checked us in. So far so good.The room - possible one of the bigger rooms I have stayed in in London. To be honest most hotels are the same, they try and cram as many rooms into the space they have to make as much money as possible. At least here there was space to walk around the bed which is always a plus point in London.Bathroom - the bathroom looked newly decorated and was very clean. However, there was a pungent smell coming from the shower as if the water was being brought in from the Serpentine! We just had to keep the bathroom door closed so the smell didn't come into the main room. Also, the shower was very small but again that is the same in most London hotels unless you can afford to spend £200 a night. The shower was an electric one therefore no issue with hot water running out.As mentioned by another reviewer the walls are incredibly thin and you can hear conversations in the next room. You just have to hope the people in the next room go to bed before you do and don't snore! Again, I've stayed in lots of hotels where that is the case so this hotel doesn't stand out on its own on that issue.The only other hiccup we had when we arrived was the room number. We were allocated room 809 which turned out to be on the ground floor and not the 8th floor (there is no 8th floor which we found when we got to floor 7 with our bags and the lift wasn't working!). On the ground floor the room was signposted 09, not 809 so we had an unnecessary trip up 7 flights of stairs.On the whole, the room was very nice. The bed was comfortable and clean, there was air-con, a tv, tea, coffee, biscuits, internet, hairdryer, all the usual things you expect. We paid £69 for the room which for London is very good value for money. I'd certainly stay there again.	
Jun 3 2007 	Horrible Staff	Hotel staff was horrible. The staff did not care about customers in the hotel at all. If you asked a question, other than NO they had nothing else to say to you.. The room was clean but really small. Theelevator did not work and we had to climb 4 flights of stairs with our things. If you question your bill to the front desk, the bell boyjumps in to intervene..so you wonder who's in charge there. Plus, if you are there to serve us, you should NOT be questioning the guests and jumping on them..I would only stay there because location and price..but they need to get new staff members	
May 30 2007 	No Water!	No Hot water in hotel. Awful staff. Food is bad/rotten. Location is good but id rather sleep on a park bench than stay here again.	
May 30 2007 	avoid	Stayed over the bank hol end of May. Rooms v.v.v small, no hot water, staff are rude with poor grasp of english. Would not offer a refund when advised that there was no hot water.Had to book into another hotel at great expense just to get a wash. AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID	
May 29 2007 	Reasonable hotel	I normally check Trip Advisor before I book anywhere, this time I forgot and am relieved that our experience at this hotel was no where near as bad as some of the previous reviews. I think part of the problem is that there appears to be at least two hotels with similar names in the same area, I certainly got the wrong one when I searched for the hotel on Trip Advisor.Our room wasn't ready when we arrived at 3.30pm, we had to wait in in reception but the staff were nice and asked if we wanted coffee while we waited. We were given an upgrade to a quad room on the 2nd floor which had two double beds in. It was nicely decorated but not partocularly well laid out. It was really hot and the air-con wasn't working, the fact that you could ask for a fan from reception makes me think it's a regular problem. Everywhere was clean and tidy that we could see. The bathroom was laughable, it was tiny, you could go in through the door and turn round and that was it. The bath is quite high sided so you have to be very careful getting outWe didn't have breakfast in the hotel as there are loads of little cafes in the area.I think it is an ok hotel for the money I paid, I don't think I would stay there again though, just based on the reviews of everyone else I think we might have been lucky to have had a reasonable stay.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great location next to Paddington Station	I stayed at the Hyde Park Paddington during mid-week in April 2007 and was pleased with this hotel.The room itself was an upgrade to a &quot;suite&quot;, which included a second floor! The lower room, which included the bathroom and bed, was tiny but clean. There isn't much room for a lot of luggage in the main area of the hotel room.The upper room had a small sink and fridge, which would be good for those staying for a few days, as well as a couch. I was a little disappointed with the bath products. They don't provide individual sized shampoo and soap, which I assume is an environmental and cost-effective saving measure. The bathtub was small, but not unsurprisingly so, but the removable shower-head didn't function. Overall, I liked the location and found the hotel to be clean. I would stay there again.	
Apr 22 2007 	Dont book here - not recommeded at all - why the stars?	2 nights to remember - I was on a business trip from Germany and originally there were1 single and 1 double room booked at Best Western Shaftesbury Hotel about 3 weeks in advance. On arrival here I was told there are no rooms available due to problems with central reservation. Staff at this hotel apologized and were very friendly indeed offering me to stay at the Hyde Hotel Paddington. If I had only known what to expect there I would have chosen a bridge for the night. Best Western Shaftesbury got me a cab to paddingon hyde hotel. On arrival I was told my &quot;new&quot; room is on the 5th floor, but the elevator is out of service. After having arrived after a long journey, via Shaftesbury Best Western and being tired from the journey I was not willing to go up the 5th floor. So I was offered to take the staff lift. A very scary experience. This elevator must have been from the 18th century. Of course it got stuck on 2 1/2 floor. After pressing a few buttons I finally arrived at my room. Well apart from it being clean - there is no phone in the room, it was boiling hot, the air condition button was just decoration I think. The bathroom was about the size of 4 floor tiles, the shower being one of them. The smell in the room was hardly bearable. The only good thing was the plasma TV in the room. Although you had not enough room to move back in order to look at the screen. As it was nearly midnight by now, I did not need this anyway. So I decided to go back downstairs to order a wakeup call for 6am the following morning - good job i did. I now found out that my door lock didn't work. This would mean that I, when going to my conference the next day, I would have to take everything with me. So I asked the staff to repair my door lock. All fine..it was done - by about 1.30 in the morning. While I was waiting for this to be fixed, not even a glass of water was offered.. So I finally got some sleep.- When I got back to the hotel the next day after a long days work, I decided to take a shower. Well. I never thought it was necessary to take towels to a 4star hotel - I should have done so. There were no towels left in the room PLUS all my private toiletries, like medical soap, shower gel and shampoo had disappeared. When I mentioned this at checkout I was told there is nothing they can do about it. Thank god it was only toiletries. I had to leave the hotel on each day at 7 am in the mornings. So - no breakfast. Not at 10 to 7. I have stayed in many hotels before and when breakfast was offered from 7 to 9 then I always managed to get some sandwich or egg on toast before 7. Not here. - So overall - Do not book this hotel unless you have to, and if you are transferred from another hotel due to &quot;problems with booking agencies&quot; - try to get another hotel. btw - are neg hotel stars given out to worst hotels these days? I'll give it 10 out of 10. . never again	
Apr 5 2007 	A Hotel without Water is Awful	Originally booked at the sister hotel, Hyde Hotel Paddington, I was surprised to find it was closed for renovations and my reservation had been changed (without notification) to the Hyde Park Paddington across the road and a block up the street.Beautifully and recently redecorated, I was pleased they had my reservation and checked in. The room was small, the bathroom even smaller, but everything was going to be OK until I discovered there was no water - only gurgling and hisses from any of the taps.The front desk told me they were aware of the problem, the plumbers were fixing it and water would be restored shortly. I went for a walk. The hotel is in a nice part of London, Bayswater, and very close to Paddington Station, just a few hundred yards away, so it was easy to take the Tube to the theater district, Soho, and stop in the many used books stores along Shaftsbury Avenue. I returned around 9 pm and discovered still no water and more ominously, no gurgling or hissing. I called the front desk again and was told that the plumbing had been fixed and most of the hotel had water, but it would take a while for the tanks and pressure to fill and reach the 4th floor.As I had to be at Heathrow around 5:30 the next morning, I turned in. I was awoken at about midnight by a guest, Japanese, from the sound of it, angrily complaining to a staff member about the lack of water and how unhygienic it was that he couldn't flush his toilet or wash his hands. I got up and checked - true, still no water. I called the front desk and got a varying babel of stories about why there was no water and when it would return. I asked to speak to a manager and was told that they couldn't be disturbed - and this got my dander up. I asked what would happen if there was an emergency, such as a fire (they would call the fire department - would they then call their managers? - probably not). I asked to change rooms to a lower floor where there was water (only now to be told that the entire hotel was without water) I asked to be relocated to another hotel with water, asked for my money back, nothing budged the 3-4 useless minions left in charge. In the distance, I heard another guest yelling that there was no water. It was turning into a nightmare.So, I was stuck, facing two six hours flights the next day and a 5 hour layover in Toronto, plus a two hour check in at Heathrow with fresh clothes but stinking like a homeless tramp. I really needed to clean my teeth - no luck. The coffee pot mocked me as I realized it also wasn't going to work.This was not my plan to finish my English trip with a stay in a three star hotel in the heart of London. Since when had London turned into a Third World country?The final straw? I figured that the toilet should have had one flush - from before the water disappeared, and I chose the point to use the facility. The newly decorated bathroom was very small. and the toilet was situated in the small space between the very high-sided tub/shower and the bathroom wall. As I sat down, I realized I was being squeezed into a space smaller than the worst economy seat on the smallest airplane you can imagine - Who designed this final insult? What building and planning commission had allowed this inadequate design? What hotel inspector gives out the three or four stars this hotel had proudly displayed when this is what guests are subjected to? After my trip, I finally was able to get in contact with the booking agency who, to their credit, tried to obtain a refund from the hotel. Their advice, I should have called that night and they would have re-booked me elsewhere. Great advice, but I couldn't manage to make any international calls - perhaps my ignorance, but perhaps long distance calls were blocked on the phone. Eventually, after two weeks of trying to get somewhere with the hotel (and failing), the booking agency refunded my entire hotel bill themselves. I am grateful, but realize that this hotel has no incentive to change or improve its service - they are still listed and still getting paid in advance reservations - and then they stonewall and try to avoid taking any responsibility for the substandard accommodations and service they provide.My advice - unless you are a gambler and figure this could never happen to you - AVOID THIS HOTEL.Final note - be aware that this same hotel property seems to be operating under varying names. The one hotel occupies several terrace houses on Wesbourne Terrace, #78-82. In March 2007, the hotel had The Hyde Park Paddington above the door, yet the hotel is also actively listed under the names: The Shaftsbury Hyde Park Paddington (perhaps a new name) and it can also be found under the name Hotel Senator (perhaps a former name). But it appears that you can book the hotel under any of these names. When googling this hotel to see if my experience was unique or not, I felt that many guests were reporting a variety of problems on a number of sites, under all the various hotel names. If I had read these comments in advance, I would have booked elsewhere - but then I didn't know I had been booked into a sister hotel that was closed for renovation - is this all a scam to trap unwary guests? From the way the staff treated me and my complaint, I would not be surprised.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights after reading various websites. The price was reasonable, the location great and that is all I can credit it with.There were things they said they had but didn't eg, room safe, mini bar, fresh bottled water and newspaper.If this was being refurbised I am not sure the room had been yet - very tiny, dirty and smelly - you could smell smoke from other rooms. The day we left I noted about 10 boxes of flatscreen TV's sitting in the lobby waiting to be put in.I won't say that we won't stay there again when we leave in July but would definately look around before then.	
Mar 4 2007 	Terrible	We stayed for two nights and my husband and I both agree that this hotel was a terrible value for our money. The room was like a closet and you couldn't even turn around in the bathroom it was so small. The walls were paper-thin. On our second night, one employee was very nice and let us borrow a fan for background noise because we could hear the TV and people's conversations in the room next to us (they didn't have a U.S. adaptor for the fan I brought). The room was also cold, so a portable radiator was in our room when we checked in (I don't know if all rooms had one or just some of them). I also don't know how standard cable is in England, but we only had the standard 7 to 8 British channels. It was very convenient to the Paddington train station, but we would never recommend the hotel.	
Feb 16 2007	happy with the Hyde Park	We liked the location, handy for tube stations, in a pleasant, residential area and near to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens. The room was small, but very clean, with fresh flowers and modern decor. Breakfast was excellent and the staff all very friendly. Very happy with our stay!	
Feb 14 2007	POOR customer service. POOR management	Where do I start? The things that happened with this hotel chain is almost like a story book!I firstly booked well in advance for two nights at the Hyde Park Premier London. Arrived at the hotel at 1.35pm to check in. I get in and there's already a lady standing there complaining. From what I gathered from the conversation - the lady was overbooked and the receptionist demanded payment for two rooms (even though she was a sole traveler). Stood around for about 20 minutes watching him go back and forth and trying to get a room arranged for the lady. Finally I hand over my details to receptionist to what I say is the start to a trecherous experience. First of all, the receptionist is completely unprofessional, unfriendly, and definately does NOT have customer service at the forefront. I booked for a deluxe double room however was denied because there was apparently a 'maintenance issue' - didn't bother to notify us of this or bother to pre-arrange alternative means. This in itself, i kid you not, 1.5 hours to just deliver this news and was told we would be transferred to their sister hotel (Shaftesbury Hyde Park Paddington). We complained as we booked this hotel for convenience, asked for a manager, and they are ALL busy, and in meetings. And also not a single apology from the receptionist. Another 1 hour later we are taken to Shaftesbury HPP. Receptionist extremely professional and friendly and we are reassured that we will get an upgrade for our inconvenience. We paid for our two nights stay at this point. We walk into the room and it certainly DOES NOT indicate any reason for the hotel to charge over £200 rack rate. The beds are worn, bathroom is miniscule, dust, mould everywhere. The receptionist calls and we explain our dissatisfaction. Then we're upgraded again to a suite which is apparently the best room you can get in the hotel. First impressions of the room is positive, but at this point we were so tired of it all that we just wanted to settle in any room. Two floors with mini kitchen, sofa, study desk etc. Relatively clean and modern, but VERY cramped especialy in the bathroom - not designed for large people and don't expect to be able to stretch your arms out. Walking around the bed is also near impossible - I had to walk sideways from knocking myself off the table. There were complimentary flowers in the room also - they were dead. The lights are also very dim. Added with the fact that the decor is a dark blue colour it makes it difficult to see clearly - especially when you want to read a book/see things close up. Restaurant was clean, good selection of breakfast and staff friendly. Lobby was also clean - no complaints here. Finally I left the hotel after the 2 nights and thought things would end. No. Checked my statement a few days later and the original Hyde Park Paddington double charged me. I call up with regards to this issue and i am informed by the receptionist that the manager must authorise the refund but he is in a meeting (surpise there!) and will call me back by the end of the day. Two days later, still no call. I call back, and guess what the manager is in another meeting!!! Another two days later I check my statement again and the amount is refunded - no calls to notify or no apologies. THEN, a week later on my statement I see ANOTHER mystery charge from this hotel. I call the hotel again to which they replied that it is a deposit (????!!!). They then check their systems and said that they actually dont know where the charge came from. Sent in my statement and about a week later the amount was refunded. Again, no correspondence, no apology, no nothing to say that it has been resolved. Is this just me, or is the customer service just awful?I have never spent about 4 hours to check into my hotel, completely wasted that day for me in London. Great price but if you're looking for a service then I do not recommend this hotel. And i would definately double, if not triple check your booking before you arrive.	
Jan 15 2007	Appalling and dangerous	This is an appalling hotel. Do not stay here. DO NOT stay here if you bring valuables with you to London or if you intend to leave your room unoccupied for any time as you don't know who would be allowed into your room by the front desk. DO NOT stay here if your health is important to you as you will be suffocated by the inescapable heat coming out of the vents. At first glance It appears lovely at first, young staff etc... Then when you get to your room you realise how substandard it really is. First of all there is only one elevator and it doesn't work and I had to climb 4 flights of stairs with my luggage after a 9 hour flight. They didn't seem concerned about the inconvenience. Secondly the rooms are so tiny you can't get out of the bed without knocking your limbs off the edge of the furniture,(I was told I had one of the better rooms when I checked in). Thirdly, the rooms are like ovens. There is NO air conditioning!!!! You would think in London that this would not be an important feature because of the mild climate but the lights give off heat and the radiators can't be turned off, there is heat blowing out of the vents and the higher up the floors you go the hotter it gets. It's stiffling...I had to borrow a fan from the front desk....it seems everyone had to do this. But it still was inadequate. Fourthly the safe doesn't work in any of the rooms. Same with other guests. Fifthly the showers have no power and are so weak you feel you haven't washed. Then a strange male guest walked into MY room one night when I was stark naked. The receptionist gave him MY room key without checking who he was just because he got his own room number wrong!!!!! When I complained I was told by the manager who was so young looking that he had no authority to help me, that I would have to leave my contact details for the &quot;real&quot; manager when she gets back from her holidays!! I still have not been contacted by her. If its a relaxing break you want AVOID this hotel. The basic security and health and safety features are lacking and their patrons' complaints don't seem to be a priority.	
Dec 4 2006 	I Keep Going Back!	I have stayed at The Hyde Park Paddington at least a 2 dozen times in the past two years. The rooms are well kept, the staff is very helpful, the facilities including breakkfast and internet access are very useful, the location cannot be beat, and the value is great. Simply put: I will keep coming back.As a regular traveler to London I have tried many hotels but have settled on The Hyde Park Paddington. Here is my tip - take a room on the 2nd, 3rd, or 4th floor. Having stayed all over the hotel I think these are the best. Rick B.	
Sep 25 2006 	Rickety stained and broken	The only real problem with this hotel is the lack of ventilation. In my six day stay the kind staff allowed me to change rooms three times. (tip: be nice to the staff and they will take better care of you) Central air appears to have been installed, but is perpetually broken. The three rooms I was in were all hot and stuffy. There was no circulation at all, none. From what other guests tell me, it appears that one can't open the window in most rooms. Evey time I walked past the front desk there was someone complaining about the stained carpets, funky beds, lack of air conditioning, windows that wont open, hot, stuffy rooms, etc. London is an expensive city, so you get what you pay for! ;-)Cheers!	
Sep 16 2006 	This is a one-night only review	I stayed at Shaftesbury Hyde Park for just one night 15 September. To be fair to the hotel I didn't see much of it except for the lobby, my room and the restaurant. The lobby is very clean but small so I wouldn't like to see it if a number of guests arrived at once. That said, the reception staff were very good and I cannot fault them at all. Although the room wasn't ready when I arrived I still checked in but I didn't see the room until later in the day when I went back to hotel. The room was on the basement floor and was the smallest hotel room I've ever seen. Anyway I hadn't time to take it in as I had business to deal with elsewhere for the rest of the day. I arrived back at about 01:00am and that's when I was able to take this room in. Firstly the TV didn't work well, exceptionally poor reception for local channels, movies didn't work nor did the internet access. In fact there were no batteries in the wirelesss keyboard even if I did want to use it. A socket in the wall was completely smashed open - what if I or a child had put a finger into it? Anyway I was only going to be there till about 9:00am so it didn't matter. The bathroom was fine although very tiny. This is not a room for a large person, which I'm not. I had prebooked a cooked breakfast. The restaurant was very clean and modern and well laid out with both continental choices and cooked choices. There appeared to be only 2 staff so attention to guets was minimal. I had to ask for the tea and toast and even then the tea was poured for me, no teapot left so that I could use as needed. The cooked food was very nice looking and a good choice but either cold or not very warm. Poor for a 4 star hotel. I hadn't time to speak to staff about this but I left all these comments on a comments slip. One other thing - hotel get rid of the 'red carpet' at the entrance. It's grubby and gives a bad impression. Size of room and coldish food aside, I wouldn't say to fellow travellers not to stay here. If I'd been staying longer I would not have accepted what I'd been given. Location to Paddington Station is very good, my main reason for staying there was for a quick exit to Heathrow. Shaftesbury Hyde Park, you have to do much better to justify your 4 stars.	
Sep 16 2006 	To be avoided	My wife and I arrived at Hyde Park Paddington (HPP) at 1 AM on the night of 11/12 September 2006 to be told there was no room for us. We were shocked. We had booked in January 2006 with Central Reservations (reservations@centralr.com) and reconfirmed in April 2006 via e-mail directly to the Hotel.The person on the reception desk offered one night in the Tudor (?) with the rest of the stay back in the HPP. We demanded an unbroken stay in one hotel and refused this option. After much debate we were offered free transfer to the Best Western Shaftesbury Hotel at the same price with breakfast thrown in as compensation. Is the problem of over-booking caused by Central Reservations (as HPP claim) or caused by HPP? We will never know.By the way, the Best Western Shafesbury was good.	
Sep 7 2006 	Not recommended	Although this hotel is not cheap, in London you can't expect a large room for its fairly moderate rates. However, it's fair to expect things to work. When I checked in, I found that the safe didn't work, there was no remote for the TV (so that didn't work) and the Internet connection didn't work. About the only thing that did work was the electric kettle and the phone, which was a good thing since I spent a few hours on and off the phone with reception trying to get the various non-functioning aspects of my room fixed. They were polite, I will say that, but this hotel is not up to the standards you expect with its price.And yes, the rooms are tiny and stuffy.	
Sep 5 2006	Great Stay Comfortable Rooms	The Shaftesbury Hyde Park Paddington was more than I expected. The hotel staff was very kind, and helpful. The room felt like home. Although we were in a basement room, they really made you feel like you were above ground, with special window touches. The bed was comfortable, amenities were great- we were happy to use the refrigerator (mini bar) as well as the microwave- both were tastefully hidden in a lovely desk cabinet. The bathroom was clean, large and modern. The bathtub was great after long walks through the city. The hotel staff is quite nice. Breakfast in the restaurant was plentiful, with many choices. The location was perfect for us, right off the tube- close to Paddington station, with plenty of markets nearby. I would most deffinately stay at the Shaftesbury again!	
Aug 23 2006	Don't stay at the Shaftesbury Hyde Park Paddington Hotel!	My family and I stayed in a quad room at this hotel and it was horrible. The room was so small you could barely walk around the beds, the bedspreads were stained, there was no hot water, they &quot;forgot&quot; our wake up call, there were old shoes under the bed (not ours!) and the elevator was really slow. Oh yeah, there were long hairs in the bed, also not ours. Also, the driver of the private car they arranged for our transport to the airport was very inappropriate with rude sexual comments and charged us 25GBP more than what was quoted (we didn't pay it). This was not an inexpensive hotel...a hard lesson learned.	
Aug 13 2006 	Appalling hotel	This was easily the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. My travel agent booked five nights in a DOUBLE room, even though I was travelling on my own - as I requested a double and paid the extra. However, after a 26 hours of flying, I was given a single room which required me to walk through a sitting room and some service doors past what appeared to be the kitchens to a room that was so small, the single bed hardly fit and the bathroom was a cupboard. It was filthy and the view of a brick wall really just made my day. I went back to reception and showed them the voucher from my travel agent with a double room booked, but they said they did not hold a double as I was travelling alone. I requested a refund for the difference and they refused. After two hot nights (no fans) I could take it no more and left. I ended up staying at an excellent Holiday Inn at North Acton (near my friends) for around the same price. Sure, it was a 20 minute journey via tube into Central London, but it was an excellent hotel. Stay away from the Shaftesbury, it is a mega dump!!!!!	
Jul 25 2006 	I finally just left	This was a horrible, horrible experience. After a 15 hour flight from Bangkok, I got to the hotel only to discover that the air conditioning was broken, the bed was unusable, the bathroom as described by others. No hot water and no water pressure. Even without the usual expectations (hot water, water pressure) the bathroom was too small to be functional, as was the room,which I could not turn around in or find a place to put my suitcase. Switched rooms, it was worse. I was determined not to let my fatigue let the rude staff get the better of me, and complained for a while (how could they let out rooms that were simply not functional?). Take it up with hotels.com they snorted. I almost just passed out on the bed, but managed to get enough energy to haul my bags out of there and into a taxi. Went to another hotel. I am now fighting with them to pay the difference between this hotel (which was not cheap) and the other hotel, which I was forced to pay rack rates on a last minute booking. As I had an early flight the next morning, there certainly wasn't time to shop-around. The worst experience I have had in London. They shouldn't be listed. As far as I am concerned, it was a scam.	
Jul 22 2006	Don't chance it!	We booked a three-night hotel stay at the Hyde Park Paddington - this was thru BA in connection with our flight from Chicago on 16-17 July. I can't stress too strongly how very disappointed we were with the accommodations! It appears that only the very worst rooms are reserved for BA customers. Our ground floor room was a nominal 8 feet by 12 feet, with a very uncomfortable queen size bed, small desk and freestanding wardrobe 18 inches wide. Further, there was only one tall and narrow window completely covered by dark draperies, with no way to pull them back and allow light into the room. The window was sealed shut and, considering that the air conditioning throughout the hotel had failed about the time we checked in, there was ABSOLUTELY NO VENTILATION IN THE ROOM! The hotel did deliver a fan to the room at about 6 p.m. but in order to achieve any air circulation we had to prop the room door open with a piece of luggage. Needless to say, we cancelled the remaining two nights of our stay and we also cancelled a separate booking we had made for members of our family residing in the UK. During our very short stay, we observed 6 parties with confirmed reservations being told that there were no rooms available for them. These people were shuttled to the Best Western Paddington and told that they would be accommodated at the Hyde Park on the following night. We know from experience that the Best Western Paddington is not even a three star standard and it appears that one hotel is being overbooked in order to keep the other hotel occupied. One man returned to the Hyde Park to demand that his room at the Best Western be cleaned!	
Jul 4 2006	Sneaky Shaftesbury	I have worked in the hotel industry for 5 years and I know a little of what is done behind and on the front desk. Upon arrival, the receptionist told us that he had no record of our booking. Then he told us that it had not been put in the system and the hotel was full, and he would have to shift us to a different hotel. In hotel-speak, this is called bumping, and we only ever do it under the most extreme circumstances and only once in a blue moon - it's very bad practice! We were assured that this hotel would be close, of a similar class and that they would pay for whatever taxi needs we had. Whilst we were waiting for a taxi, two more people showed up and the same thing happened to them. It appears that the hotel chronically and deliberately overbooks its rooms, a kind of 'bait and switch' method if you will, to allow them to shift business to other preferred hotels in their group or otherwise.After waiting 20 minutes for this taxi, I enquired as to why we couldn't take a taxi from the street, as there were hundreds passing the hotel. I was informed that the hotel had a 'private car' service (read: hotel group has made a deal with a particular car company). In the end, we had to wait 40 minutes for a car that we were told we would be sharing with the other couple.A word of advice: ask which hotel they are going to bump you to. If it is the Kensington International, REFUSE. This is an extremely poor quality, tiny old inn with the rudest manager on earth, and it is in Earl's Court, nowhere near the Hyde Park Paddington. I have no idea why they chose this hotel to bump us to since there were rooms available in several Paddington hotels. He put us in a tiny double room in the basement - literally, we were below ground and the half-window looked into a wall. When we went back to reception to request a different room, the manager became offensive, defensive and aggressive.I called the HPP and told them that this hotel was not suitable. The receptionist agreed to change us again, and again we waited 40 minutes for this private car to show up. While waiting I saw 6 other couples from the HPP arrive in cars at the Kensington International. In summary, HPP hotel staff are completely incompetent, the hotel they sent us to was ridiculous and unsuitable. The biggest problem is that, having read the other reviews, I suspect they have a policy which routinely allows for the overbooking of rooms in order to garner business for their other or affiliate hotels. This is dishonest, despicable and unacceptable.Please stay away from this hotel unless you wish to spend 3 hours of your night waiting for cars and speaking to incompetent receptionists. A most unpleasant experience!!!	
Jun 27 2006	Good experience!	We stayed here just last week (june 18th) and were quite happy. We love the area as it is so close to Paddington for the Heathrow train and the underground. It is quiet and safe and an easy walk in a couple of minutes to the station as well as to a couple of our favourite pubs! We had a great deal via Laterooms and apparently were upgraded to a duplex (loft tyle sitting room), everything was spotless, bathroom the usual v. small arrangement but adequate, 2 small fridges, hairdryer, free wireless internet, controllable airconditioning, totally quiet from street noise and other guests. All in all, we were very comfortable although admittedly we are on the go from early morning until late at night so spend very little time in hotel rooms! We did notice other guests at reception who were having problems with bookings as per the previous reviews on here however our stay was overall a very good experience.	
Jun 20 2006	Good stay not as bad as expected...	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I really regretted booking this hotel!However, upon arrival there was no problem with our check in (I had confirmed with the hotel and londonnights about this). Staff were courteous and polite - no problems. The rooms were an average size (we had 2 rooms, a double and a triple), but the bathrooms were absolutely tiny. No room to swing a cat but they were clean and of a good standard. The air con in the double room was excellent but the triple room was very stuffy, what with the hot weather over the weekend, and with the air con not working it was not the best but the hotel had put a big fan in our room anyway so that helped a bit.All in all a good stay for all of us, as we just wanted a base for sightseeing, not to spend hours in our room. Would recommend for similar trips, not if you are looking for pampering and luxury.	
Jun 19 2006	Not to be recommeded	The smallest hotel rooms in history. &quot;Duoble room&quot; 2x3m, &quot;Double&quot; bed 120 cm wide !! Staff &quot;multilangual&quot; = poor english. Rude staff, not even an apollogy for non functional airconditioning. I do not recommend a stay in this hotel.	
Jun 18 2006	Very difficult experience	We arrived at this hotel just after 2.00pm to check in and were advised that our booking that had been arranged 6 weeks previously could not be honoured. After enquiries we were informed that maintenence problems were the cause of this inconvenience. The hotel reception area was chaotic and staff dealing with our query answered telephone calls whilst talking to us - customer service was extremely poor. I had contacted the hotel only one hour before to reserve a parking space and had not been advised of any problems. I asked why we had not been informed of this during the phone call but no one could give us an adequate explanation. We were advised that we would be moved to a sister hotel in Earls Court. I explained that due to the fact that we were going to a concert that this was a major problem because of time factors. Hotel staff were unhelpful and acted as if the problem was not theirs to resolve. During the period that we were at the hotel we saw other guests checking into the hotel despite the fact that we had just been advised that due to maintenance problems no guests were being checked in.We asked the hotel manager if we could have any alternative rooms not affected by the maintenance problems. Initially he said he had no rooms available. Then he offered us one single room. Then he said that he had two single rooms available. Staff, including the manager were giving us contradictory information at many points through our discussion with them. We asked the hotel manager if we could be given an adequate explanation of what the maintenance problems were but he refused to do so. We also asked if we could see the rooms that we would have been staying in - but again he refused. We advised the manager that we did not find this situation acceptable in any way and the manager asked us what he was supposed to do about that!As a result we had to agree to take transport to the sister hotel after the concert. We returned to the hotel only to be faced with having to explain the whole situation again to new staff. We were assured by staff earlier that transport would be arranged and that we would not suffer any further inconvenience. The members of staff we spoke to that evening had not been briefed in any way and to add to the problem the staff had very poor english which complicated the matter even further. Eventually we were able to arrange rooms and transport at the sister hotel. Unfortunately we then had to wait almost one hour for transport to arrive.The hotel did pay for transport to the sister hotel but we were then appaulled to find that the sister hotel - The Kensington International , 4 Templeton Place, Earls Court was not what we expected. The rooms were very basic, with substandard bathrooms - e.g cracked sink, washing up liquid in the soap dispenser and cigarette burns in the bath. The carpet in our room was stained in several places and the breakfast was poor - white toast only , cereal with milk that was warm.During discussions with the hotel manager we were advised that we would receive a discount of just 20% for the inconvenience. He assured us that he would arrange this and that the money would be recredited to us during the next 24hrs. When we returned to the Hyde Park Hotel to check this we were advised that this had not been done. Moreover when we asked for something in writing to confirm this, we were also advised that this could not be done. We asked to speak with the manager once again and were advised that he was not available. Although the Hyde Park Hotel is clean and well presented the actual service provided does not match that image.All in all I felt that it was really very important to make other people aware of the truly awful experience we had. We thought that we had booked into a decent four star hotel that would provide us with comfortable and clean surroundings during our stay in London.The whole situation was extremely stressful and the customer service was without doubt the worst that I had experienced in a very long time.	
May 10 2006 	Clean Modern Great Deal but staff have attitude problem	Arrived at the HPP Sunday night after a very long journey. Hotel reception, as is the rest of hotel newly refurbed, clean smart and contemporary. I booked a single room but got a quad, and it was still the size of a shoe box and very dark....big heavy curtains way too big for the windows!! The bathroom was new, very well furbished but small. I went downstairs to the bar to get a drink and hopefully a meal but the staff said I could only get a sandwich. The &quot;Pannini&quot; turned up...having been microwaved from either frozen or very well chilled.....cold in the middle and soggy on the bottom. Breakfast wasnt much better.So all in all, go if you get a really good deal (I paid £50); expect the rooms to be small, a little dark but very well furbished, emply minibars that &quot;can't&quot; be stoced, no hairdryers in the room......and you dont mind indifferent staff who struggle with the English language. Would I stay again...probably but I wouldnt use the bar or the restaurant.	
Apr 28 2006	Horrendous service.	I didn't actually see any of the hotel other than the lobby. (Rather unfriendly). I went to The Hyde Park Paddington around 11am to drop off some very heavy luggage and said I would be back around 2pm to check in, the staff I saw were friendly and I was looking forward to returning to the hotel to check in and freshen up before a long afternoon and evening out in London. When I returned just after 2pm to check in, I was told the room I had reserved was not ready following some refurbishment work and they were transferring me to another hotel. At first I wasn't too bothered as long the new hotel was near Paddington Station as I had an early departure the following day (Sunday, Marathon day!).The receptionist assured me it wasn't too far from Paddington. They were arranging a company car and driver to drive me to the new hotel to check in. I waited 25 minutes for this. When the car arrived I was whisked away and dropped in the middle of nowhere, presumably near where the driver thought I was supposed to be going!! I looked around for 20 mins for the new hotel, lugging my heavy luggage around with me. I couldn't see anywhere familiar and was stsrting to feel slightly uneasy about being in the middle of nowhere in a starng city. I found an apartment building with an open door and found a lady who was very kind and helpful, gave me a yellow pages and telephone so I could call the Hyde Park Paddington to explain what had happened and ask where I should go from here. When I spoke to the receptionist I was made to feel like I was being a nuisance, and couldn't beleive that there driver would dump me in the wrong place!! They took the address of where I was now and said they would send another driver to take me to the new hotel! With another 5 phonecalls......I eventually got to the new hotel 2 and a half hours later. Apparently they forgot to contact a driver to come and get me. I was absolutely mad and upset. I was in London for approx 24 hours, nearly 4 of which I spent checking-in to a hotel. When I eventually arrived at the new accomodation, Bridge Street Apartments, who are nothing to do with HPPaddington but had a spare room I couldn't have been met by a lovely bunch of people and staff. They too had had real trouble with the HPPaddington, I was not the only client to have been messed around and problems caused for. I would HIGHLY recommend my alternative accom, Bridge Street Apartments. They managed to contact the HPPaddington and complain for me, they have vowed never to have any further dealings with the HPPaddington. I advise the same.	
Apr 13 2006	Nightmare in London	I booked a triple room at this hotel through Central Reservations 5 weeks before my arrival. A 10% deposit was immediately charged to my credit card. Upon arrival we were informed that a triple was not available due to ongoing renovations at the hotel. They offered 3 single rooms instead. When I voiced my displeasure the front desk clerk became rude. The manager appeared and told me to take it or leave it. With my wife and daughter standing there I took the chance to call another hotel and get a room which I was able to do quickly. I asked for my deposit back and was told that it was not possible. In my many years of travel I have never encountered an establishment that cares so little about their reputation and clients. They could have informed me in advance of their inability to accomodate me so the inconvenience would have been minimized. A very unpleasant situation from a very unprofessional hotel	
Apr 12 2006 	Not as awful as expected!	Was in London for a 2 day stay in early April. Having checked out several hotels online and looking for a single occupancy room for 2 nights took some time as a single occupancy was being quoted the same rate as for 2 sharing. Some hotels were very expensive up to £190 GPB per night for a single occupancy with breakfast! I booked online for 2 nights at the Hyde Park Paddington as there rate was the better as I only wanted somewhere to stay for 2 nights. After reserving online I checked out the hotel on trip advisor and boy was I sorry! The reviews were awful and I was in dread of staying there. I would recommend calling the hotel to make a booking rather than online. I booked online and called the hotel (after reading the awful reviews I wanted to make sure than when I arrived in London late that night that I did have a reservation and not to be sent on to another hotel especially travelling alone),to confirm the reservation on at least 3 occasions and the hotel did not have my reservation until the morning I was leaving for London. The receptionist then emailed me confirmation from the hotel to bring with me. The online confirmation and the hotel confirmation had 2 different reference numbers. The online resevation had full breakfast included and the hotel resevation has contiental breakfast, I double checked with reception just to make sure I did not get charged again for breakfast.Over all the location is lovely, it's quiet and just a 5 minute walk to Hyde Park which is just glorious when the sun is shining. The hotel was fine, the bedroom was tiny with a single bed. The room was in the basement so there was no noise at all. Tiny shower room but it was clean with a great shower and tons of hot water. Breakfast was lovely and ample.The staff were very nice and helpful.Over all the hotel was not as terrible as I had expected. I would not book online again I would definitely call the hotel and make the booking with them and then get them to email the confirmation.	
Mar 23 2006	A nice place to stay.	The hotel was so easy to find for someone not that well acquainted with London, just around the corner from Paddington. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was clean and tidy. The split level of the room was perfect for us, with the children sleeping on the downstairs fold-out bed and us upstairs in the main bed. The bathroom was a nice size, although the shower could do with a better shield as there was a tendency for water to dribble out into the hallway.The kitchenette was ok, but could have done with crockery and cutlery as standard. It might be better to have the TV/PC downstairs rather than in the bedroom, but we didn't use it much (who watches TV when on holiday anyway?)The rooms were comfortably warm and the bedding adequate, the biggest complaint we had was the mattress for the main bed, instead of a full one, it was two small ones, which had a tendency to drift apart quite easily, leaving a chasm in the middle. It would be better if they were to put either a proper king size mattress, or have a way of binding the two smaller mattresses together.Good for a small family or a couple wanting some extra space for their stay, would recommend the hotel to people.	
Mar 21 2006	Risky	I arranged this hotel for my family and repayed through a travel agent. The lady of the agent said that she confirmed twice the reservation. My family arrived at the hotel before the check in time but they sent them to lower class hotel. We assume that they sent them because the visitor was Japanese and normallyl they do not claim (how did the hotel know it will be full before check in time??)	
Mar 12 2006	great if you get a deal	hi we stayed at this hotel for four nights after christmas 2005 and here are my thoughts: Please note we booked through british air and payed a whopping total of 24 cdn per night!!!! they had some promo on but usually I see it for 175-200.1. the price we payed made this the best deal ever so we could put up with anything however if I paid over 125 per night I would not have been happy.2. Service was great, no concerns as once there was a problem they fixed it qyickly. there were several, no heat, no hot water, no lights- all on differnet days however easily fixed.3. Everyone said the location was great. we found it great for travelling in and out of London as its a 5 minute walk from paddington station however if you do not use the tube its probably not the best location. We found few restuarants around here so we tubed every day several times on a day pass. Late at night we caught a cab back, i think it was 20 pounds from Soho. Next time i would stay more central ie picadilly, soho as we found great bars, theatre and places to eat.3. COLD, we had a space heater which you needed. We heard the summer is hot and no ac.4. Noisy, ask for a room away from the elevator. We were on the top floor, had to take one flight of stairs up but it was quieter.5. the rooms are TIRED, if they replaced the carpet it would be less noticeable, fairly shabby but clean.6. Breakfast was goodoveral based on location I would stay elsewhere however if you get a deal its fine. I am referencing thistle picadilly which was 126 cdn a night and by far a better spot and nicer place.	
Feb 17 2006	Terrible stay	I stayed here for 5 days and thought I was going to be in for a lovely time, how wrong I was, Customer service was absolutely appauling, No hot water for 5 days is one thing but not even having the manners to apologise for it is another. I have stayed in better run hostels then this, it seems like no one cares about how the hotel is run. Try your best to stay somewhere else if you can	
Feb 14 2006	Terrible Time at the Hyde Park Hotel	Myself, my husband and four children stated at the Hyde Park Paddington Hotel for two nights.The rooms were a complete and utter dissappointment. No hot water. Extra bed squezzed in to make the rooms triple. Bad Smell. Intrenet page needs to be re-written by management/owners to give the true picture, before other people are fooled.Most dissapointing and will not recommend to anyone.	
Feb 10 2006	Terrible! No Hot Water - Bad Smell!	I would avoid this hotel at all costs! I would stay in a private room in a hostel over this place - seriously!Main Lowlights:- A window that wouldn't close completely when it is at freezing point outside- No Hot Water for 2 DAYS! (without so much as an apology)- Problems with the toilets in a room on our level wich left the whole place stinking of sewage- a room so small that there was only a 2 feet walking space around the beds (twin room - complete joke)I couldnt believe the service here, they told us to wait for the boilers to heat up - for hot water that never came. I had 22 hours of flying to do and after two nights with no hot water I was furious. The hotel manager was so lazy and disrespectful of their customers that he/she didnt even come in to the hotel when there were sewer problems and no hot water.tiny rooms, noise from other rooms and street very apparent.The worst part however was the London mid-winter with cold air coming through the window and only one real hot shower during an entire one week stay....I think I have made my point...	
Feb 8 2006	Cold water	Not a cheap place to stay. The bathroom is tiny, and there was no hot water! Breakfast is great, but you have to pay as its not included. Internet worked only through laptop. Couldnt get it working via their TV, called them to come and have a look and they never did.	
Jan 29 2006	Dreadful Hyde Park Paddington	It failed in every respect. We had a most unpleasant stay. Extra bed shoved into room to make it a triple. Room tiny as a result. Bathroom like a phone kiosk. No response from reception. Stay away......	
Jan 24 2006	What are these people talking about?	There seem to be a lot of negative reviews for this hotel. All I can say is that my four night stay was very nice. Noise from other rooms was never an issue, the high speed internet worked wonderfully, the beds were comfortable, and the shower was the best I'd had at a hotel for awhile!The breakfast was also a really good deal and was very good quality indeed. The only problem we had was a loose sink tap in the bathroom, which was fixed within 30 minutes of us calling down to the front desk.Overall a great stay!	
Jan 21 2006	Still has a bit of improving to do	I have mixed comments about this hotel. I booked a one bedroom apartment for 3 people on the basis that we would have a separate room for the couple, and basic kitchen facilities so we didn't have to eat out every night. Check in was fine - no lost reservation, however, the staff don't speak English very well.It turned out to be a loft style arrangement more like a hotel room, not at all like the picture which suggested a separate bedroom, living room with a sofa bed. The TV was in the main bedroom, rather than in the living room so you still had a hotel feel about it. There was no table in the living area that you could eat at, only chairs and a sofa bed with nothing to look at.There was no linen for the sofa bed - there was only one one sheet left from the previous occupant on the bed. When the bed was made up only one thin blanket was provided. Later requests for more blankets led to comments from the staff that they didn't have any more blankets. There was no way to control the heating - all the heat rose to the top and the main bedroom was very hot and the &quot;living area&quot; was cold.The room was also very noisy - every time someone walked around in the room above, we thought they were going to come through the ceiling!The kitchen area had a microwave and a kettle, but no plates or cutlery. Every time we wanted to have a meal in the room, we had to ring reception for plates and cutlery.On the plus side, the main bedroom and bathroom had been renovated and were very nice, one of the nicest showers I encountered on my holidays. The location is great, very close to Paddington station and in a quiet area. The breakfast was good, although they need a new croissant supplier.	
Jan 18 2006	FAWLTY TOWERS IS CORRECT	I stayed here for three days &amp; was given a large room with two queen beds. The internet was good as was the kettle, the plumbing and the column heater. But I agree with others that the staff/management here were unfriendly &amp; unhelpful. My son stayed one night &amp; was given a tiny room one floor higher than the lift reached; there was no keycard for their room so they had to request at reception for staff to let them into their room - every time. Their shower didn't work &amp; their beds were not good. All in all not a place to return to. Reception was constantly full of guests complaining &amp; large numbers of staff - trainees perhaps -doing very little.	
Jan 1 2006	Great location	My wife and I have just returned from London. Booked this hotel before reading the reviews and can truly say that we didn't experience the problems mentioned in earlier reviews, whilst we were staying there. I believe there is some renovation work still on going although we were not aware of it. The lift worked while we were there. We checked in and out twice (we booked in 2 blocks of 4 days as we did a short trip away elsewhere) and even at 2300 check-in the second time around, we had no problems with the check-in and even got a free upgrade to a duplex without asking. Yes, the room and bathroom are small, but were VERY CLEAN!! It's probably a tad over-rated at 3.5 stars, but at 40GBP a night 2pax (thank you ----)(no breakfast included at this price), we couldn't and have no complaints. We got a great price and the hotel is in a most convenient, &quot;around the corner&quot; location to Paddington station. We loved what we managed to see of London, attended a funeral, caught up with long lost relatives andthis hotel was a most convenient base to have done all this from.	
Dec 21 2005	still looking for the other 2 star	my wife and I stayed at this hotel over the summer. the day we got there, we had to wait at least an hour in the lobby before we could go to our room although it was check in time. when we finnaly made it to the room it was a shock; I had a feeling that I has to seep in a walking closet. The bed was unconfortable and the ac did not work for the duration of ou stay there. do not even mention the bathroom, it is so tiny that two people can not be inside at the same time.on a positive side, the staff was pleasant although we had to wait at least two hours for a shower cap to be brought up to the room. it is definitely a 2 start hotelSince they advertise the hotel as a 4 start, I am still looking for the other two stars.	
Dec 18 2005	Great location Bad hotel	On arrival the hotel appears to be a sophisticated and friendly establishment, but don't be decieved! My partner and i stayed here for two nights as an anniversary treat before christmas. The location was an attraction but we were led to believe from the hotels website that this would also be a romantic place to stay, the rooms looked spacious and comfortable with the hotel offering plenty of bonuses. After we struggled to pull our cases through the most narrow corridors we'd ever seen, we entered what was the smallest room we've ever stayed in, a box room would have been spacious compared to this. As a result we had no room once we'd found a space for the suitcase. Our kettle was broken and so we couldn't even enjoy a drink whilst we tried to manuver ourselves around the room. We had no duvet, just a flimsy throw and a single white sheet, which was made worse at night by the fact that the windows do not fully shut and aren't double glazed. My partner is a sound sleeper but even he couldn't make a full nights sleep with all the noises you here. Not that this is a particularly noisy place to stay but when your walls are made of cardboard you tend to notice EVERY little sound. So it was an unpleasent nights sleep for us both when we heard partygoers arriving back at 3am and the guy next door having a bath at 6.15 on a sunday morning!!! We had included in our price a full english breakfast but on arrival were told it would only be a continental and we'd have to pay £5 extra each to have a cold fry up! it was only when my partner took our printed recipt as evidence that they supplied us with this disapointing luxury. To top all of this off when we arrived the bulding site outside the hotel left just enough room to park our car in a very narrow space and pay £15 a night for the pleasure of it! It was only after we accidentally left our winge list lying around when we went out for the day that we arrived back to find the list gone, a new duvet, new kettle and an electric heater.( As there was no heating in the room because the electric control on the wall was broken, but they had been kind enough to supply a fan, what one wants with this when it is 3 degrees outside in december is beyond my kmowledge.) So i would advice you winge if you want anywhere near a warm stay. Also the electrics in this building were appaling, the lights flick on and off continuosly and every time they do, so does the tv!! The two good things i can say about the hotel itself is that it was clean and the staff at reception were friendly.So overall? DON'T BOTHER WASTING YOUR HARD EARNT MONEY IN THIS DUMP.	
Dec 12 2005	location location....only thing going for this place	You get what you pay for. First the good points.. great location, only 500 yards from Paddington station and short tube ride downtown. Also close to Nottinghill and Hyde park. Clean room. Now the bad, staff was VERY INCOMPETANT! Nobody new anything, took them half an hour to find us a room, Elevator not working and had to carry our bags up the stairs. BEWARE Walls are VERY THIN and you can hear everything. We were up all night hearing people walking up and down stairs and in hall. I thought people were exagerating in reviews about walls...but they are a issue. Minor issue was internet never worked. My advise...stay somewhere else in the area.	
Dec 5 2005	Overbooked!!	I read the reviews of this hotel about their overbooking problems, but trusted it would not happen to me. I was wrong. When my wife and I arrived at the hotel at 0745 on the 14th of November, we were told by the front desk clerk that our reservation booked through Orbitz was no good. We had no room. The city of London was in a sold out situation for all major hotels. Now instead of assisting my 8 month pregnant wife and I, the clerk basically ignored us. I was forced to use my own cell phone to call the US to question Orbitz. The hotel refused to make the call. We spent 1 1/2 hours sitting in the lobby of the hotel before the clerk found us a room at the Abbey Court Hotel. I strongly urge not booking at this property! Horrible way to start the first vacation my wife and I had for 4 years!	
Nov 10 2005 	This Hotel Is OK 7/10	I am currently staying in The Hyde Park Paddington Hotel and staying there 7 nights and actually think it's OK. It certainly doesn't claim to be the best Hotel in the World but for Price, Location and for clean &amp; tidyness I think it warrants a better review than received. This Hotel is good if all you want is a base to sleep at night at the end of the day and be close to paddington for Heathrow etc. If you are expecting the full concierge service this Hotel is not for you. Staff 7/10: I had no problems with them when I have asked them about directions for local amenities they have helped and been polite. Bathroom 6.5/10: The smallest bathroom in the world but clean, has good shower unit. Could be bigger but not complaining. Room 7/10: Size is OK. Just enough for two people, any smaller might be a stuggle. Room was warm as Air con didn't work but we had windows open and a fan was supplied so slept comfortable. Rooms very clean and tidy. Internet TV didn't work but again was not worried about this. Food - Didn't Eat there. Overall I have to say that this hotel is OK. I have stayed in much worse which cost more. I paid on average £55 Per Night for a Hotel close to paddington and I would stay it is more 3.5*. Dont expect all the bells and whistles because you wont get them but as a Base for London I think it is spot on. 7/10 Would stay again.	
Oct 28 2005	Heed the warnings and stay away !	The following email (to hotels) describes the problems I had in April 2005 which are exactly like so many others. The hotel manager promised to compensate, but has yet to do so despite several follow-ups. I have reported the matter to the UK Department of Trade &amp; Industry who have cited contravention of the Supply of Goods &amp; Services Act 1982 that requires a &quot;service be provided with reasonable care and skill&quot;. I intend to take it further and I suggest everybody else do the same.They cannot be allowed to get away with this.Email:&quot;Dear Sir/Madam, I wish to advise that I found my stay at the hotel mentioned below quite uncomfortable, troublesome and overall very unsatisfactory. The trouble began on the first night when we were sent to a so-called &quot;sister hotel&quot; a few blocks away due to an overbooking at the hotel. The other hotel was not of the same standard and the room was actually sub-standard. It was only when we forced the issue that we were able to spend the remaining six nights at the hotel we booked. I feel that the staff at the Hyde Park Paddington Hotel handled this matter appallingly. However, the main aspect of discomfort for our stay was the fact that the air conditioning was not working for the entire stay due to the refurbishment work not being completed. The room was extremely hot, not unlike very hot summer nights in Sydney Australia. Having the window completely open and the portable fan running did little to alleviate this. Other factors I would like to bring to your attention are: * The room was located next to a service elevator which was very noisy throughout the night and early morning.* The room internet (tv monitor) did not work properly.* The hot water was often lukewarm apparently varying in temperature according to general usage within the hotel.* The door was not sealed properly and let in a lot of corridor light throughout the night.* One of the bed lights kept breaking down.* The room iron was useless (was not a steam type). All in all, this does not accurately represent features of a supposed &quot;first class boutique hotel&quot; as you describe it, complete with &quot;luxurious features&quot;. I spoke with the General Manager of the hotel (John O'Neill) and he promised that some sort of compensatory refund would be forthcoming. Could you please look into this as a matter of urgency and ensure a quick and efficient response.Yours faithfully	
Oct 25 2005	Never ever stay at this hotel....	The following is a copy of an e mail i sent to the web service who mailed me to check up on my experiences at this hotel :Good morning, Yes I will happily tell you of my experience at the Hotel Hyde Park Paddington.I arrived in Heathrow on the overnight flight from Miami, tired and looking forward to a good sleep. On arrival in the hotel I was met by a scene of utter chaos that would make faulty towers appear like haven of tranquility. There was a crowd of about 12 people all complaining about different things. While I stood there, two different couples slammed their keys on to the counter, there faces flushed with pure anger, shouting about the fact that they could not even check out because of the incompetence of the staff. Another American couple beside me was trying to explain to a female staff member who was had about as much English as a parrot, where the Royal Albert hall was, and how do they get there. When I eventually jostled my way to the desk, they said that I did not have a reservation. As I tried to explain that I did, she was distracted by some one else who needed attention more then me. As I stood there dreaming of a bed, I was eventually told to sit down while they investigated. After about twenty minutes it became apparent that the only things that were being investigated where the broken lift, the fact that they could not find any reservations, and where this mysterious place called the royal Albert hall was. Despite the fact that I had a pre paid reservation, I decided that it would be a more sensible option to cancel my date in London that night and get the first available flight home. I walked out the door, boarded the Heathrow express, and got the first flight home to Dublin, which incidentally cost me over €300.00. This was a small price to pay to escape what can only be described as a scene as disorganized and chaotic as an A and E department in Saigon in the late 70’s. During my train journey home I reflected on the fact that it does not all ways pay to try out different hotel web sites, because as the old saying goes if it seems to good to be true it probably is. I travel regularly, and will be returning to hotels.com secure in the knowledge that if you have found a professional hotel booking service, its better to just stick with them. I have no doubt that other hotels on your site are superb, and the whole booking procedure was simple. What I would suggest is that you remove hotels such as the Hotel Hyde Park Paddington from your site, because one thing that I can guarantee and that is that every single person at that reception felt the same way that I did. I look forward to hearing from you, Kind Regards, Brian O’Connor	
Oct 7 2005	Overbooked again	If you are booking this hotel for the location, then DON'T! They appear to have a deliberate policy of &quot;overbooking&quot; in order to shunt guests off to a sister hotel miles away that is undergoing renovations.We only had 2 days in London, and spent the 1st morning travelling to the Hyde Park Paddington, queueing at reception, waiting for a taxi to take us to the other hotel, travelling for ages in the taxi, then queuing at reception again, then catching the tube back to Hyde Park.The sister hotel had scaffolding (with workmen on) right outside our window so we couldn't open the curtains and the rooms were unfinished. Staff appeared to be overseas backpackers - very friendly but clueless. It had a great (free) breakfast though.	
Oct 2 2005	Avoid!	Yes the rooms are small (but I've seen smaller) and the breakfast was nearly 10 pounds a piece, but my main complaint is that when we arrived (after a long airplane ride), we were told they had no room for us. We then had to take a taxi to their sister hotel (a MUCH nicer hotel, btw, Shaftesbury Kensington). Yes, they paid for the taxi but now we were miles from the Paddington Station where we were to take the HEX next morning. They suggested we take the tube to Pad. Sta. but we are 60+ yrs old with luggage. Finally, I took off my coat and told them I wasn't leaving (I never raised my voice or spoke discourteously to them, nor they to me). The manager was called and they agreed to pay our taxi fare to Pad. Sta. the next day. While we were there, two other couples were also denied rooms for which they had reservations. And the lift was still out of order and it has apparently been so for two years!I wouldn't book a room here again.	
Sep 30 2005	Overbooked again	I was told at arrival that the hotel was overbooked, and I had to be moved to a &quot;sister hotel&quot; in Kensington. Was told that at the reception that the other hotel was only &quot;10 minutes&quot; away by taxi, but the real distance was nearly 30 minutes. I had chosen this hotel for being close to Paddington to get to Heathrow with the express train service early next morning, and lost a lot of time having to go from the other hotel instead.It seems risky to choose this hotel if you want a stay close to Paddington to get easy access to trains and Heathrow express.	
Sep 10 2005	We got lucky	We had already booked this hotel and were very nervous after the bad reviews. We arrived there and were told that they had a computer problem and overbooked. They were going to send us to their sister property Earl's Court Hotel. While waiting, there was a sign that they were remodeling and some rooms didn't have airconditioning. I asked the desk clerk and she said that at this time, none of the rooms had air. At the same time, a guest came down and asked for a fan because his room was stuffy. They barely responded to him. Also, we were there on August 24th and the lift was not working. The property that they sent us to was FABULOUS! I truly feel that we were so lucky not to have had to stay there!	
Sep 7 2005	Do Not Stay Here	Do NOT stay here!At best, this is a 2 star hotel, NOT the 3 ½ to 4 star hotel that they claim to be.There was no air conditioning at the hotel (4 star hotels have air conditioning, even in London), so we had to keep the window open and listen to traffic noise all day and night. This forced a move to a quieter room at the back of the hotel. Unfortunately, the new room had permanent dirt splotches all over the wall and looked horrible. In both rooms and in the hallways the carpet was full of worn-in dirt spots that did not respond to cleaning and looked atrocious. The facilities are poor and the staff is unresponsive. The electric teapot in our room was broken, so I brought it down to the front desk and asked for a good one. This was on Tuesday. On Friday, after repeated daily requests for an electric teapot, the staff finally managed to scrounge one up. The small refrigerator in our room never worked well, but twice it stopped working altogether. Multiple requests for ice were ignored by the staff, until we were finally informed that there was no ice (4 star hotels have ice, it’s not that hard to get). Three separate times our electronic card keys for the door lock had to be re-made because the staff did not bother to look up or ask our checkout date, and only issued the keys for 1 or 2 days each time. (A small inconvenience, but easy to get right if you care.) On Thursday, the lift (elevator) broke. These things happen, but four days later, on Sunday, it was still not repaired. (4 star hotels repair their broken lifts.) We had to move many bags down three flights of very narrow stairs. Then the clerk kept me waiting to check out for literally five minutes while he ignored me and did his other paper work right in front of my face.Do NOT stay at this hotel!	
Aug 15 2005	Ruined a weekend away	Room so small you could only pass by the bed if the other person stood on the bed. One side and bottom of bed against a wall. Air. Con. not working. Too hot. Miserable staff. Too much furniture in the room. Curtains too big and heavy, taking up too much of the very valuable space.Ironing board provided but no where to put it up. Bathroom ( no bath ) minute. No room to dress/undress or dry-off. This had to be done in the bedroom. Breakfast very poor. Bread rolls were stodd on a trolly in thre reception at about midnight. No wonder they were stale by the morning.Ruined a what was meant to be a fab weekend seeing Simon and Garfunkel. Stay well clear.	
Aug 9 2005	Undervalued...(great value for money)!	My friend and I stayed at The Hyde Park Paddington Hotel for 5 nights. A reservation was made through hotels, and we paid approx. $550, incl. taxes and services (breakfast not included).After reading some of the reviews here on tripadvisor.com, I must admit I was a bit anxious about the stay upon arrival. But no need to! Standard rooms in London hotels are small, bathrooms also, so this was expected. The most important issue for me in a stay is that the room is clean, and our room was definitly so. I was also really statisfied by the cleaning during our stay. A big plus was the free internett access on the TV, even if it was not easy to navigate. This is not a luxury hotel even if it`s rated 4 stars. I do think all visitors to London hotels should keep in mind that hotels in London is overrated at least 1 star. And my review is also based on this.I can`t say anything about the staff as the only time I was in touch with them was during check-in and check-out. And for me this is a good sign.Location is perfect if you don`t need to stay at Piccadilly Circus or Covent Garden. 5 min. walk to underground (zone 1), quiet street and several nice restaurants and pubs in the Paddington area. Also walking distance to Hyde Park (0,5 km) and Oxford Street (2 km).Things to improve:- Thin walls- Gap between door and floor- No minibarThis was not a big problem for us, as we only stayed at the hotel when to sleep at night. For others it might be...	
Aug 6 2005	The best thing was the shoe shine cloth	Well what can be said that hasnt been said many times before.first a few good points.great location, looks nice from the outside, reception looks trendy and modern, the room and bathroom was clean. the taxi they got me was a merc people carrier with leather seats and a smart looking guy with a blazer on made us feel important.in the file in the hotel room there was a cloth that really put a shine on your shoes. now for the rest!!Free internet didnt work repoerted to reception nothing done and they didnt seem to care either as it was 'a free service'. No it wasnt it didnt work.room decor was falling apart this was only 12months after a refurb!. i'm sure the web site states quality fittings think the must have mistyped this.the lift didnt work. had to go up in what must have been a baggage lift as was on the 6th floor and wife has walking difficulties. this lift was the smallist thing i'd seen in my life.the air conditioning didnt work and the room was so hot i thought i would melt. 4 hours after asking i did get a fan that only pointed at the floor, but not to be beaten i balanced it on the sofa which you couldnt use as the desk was so close.walls very thin, spent most of the night listening to the couple next door who were at it like newlyweds.the bathroom seemed even smaller than the lift although it did have a half bath in it which was very handy as you needed to put one of your bum cheek's on it to sit on the loo and you could have a wash whilst you were there as the sink was that close. I did have a bath though but the water pressure is so bad it took 55mins to fill it with water so hot you could boil fish in it, turning on the cold tap made no differance as it came out slower than the hot.the taxi i liked so much was £20 to liester square the cab back was only £11so to some it up the staff were unhelpful and spoke better spanish than english, the room was hot and cramped.The air-con, internet, lift, fan or the safe in the room didnt work. the taxi was a rip off. we couldnt sleep for the noise.The last straw was rushing home from the theater after watching les mis and arriving back at the hotel at 10.55pm to be told that they wouldnt open the bar for a last drink even if there was 5 mins till closing time.you would be better of staying in a nice 3* or even a cosy 2* than stopping at this so called 4* hotel the people that rated it must have been drunk when they did it.	
Aug 1 2005	all in all the experience was a good one	OK People...this is London...Nothing is palacial except Buckingham Palace. I think the reviews of this hotel have been unfair. My family and I stayed there for 3 nights and, although the bathroomn was positively miniscule, the room itself was certainly big enough for the 4 of us. The staff was VERY helpful. A friendly face met us at reception and we never encountered any rude or unpleasant attitudes. In fact, my 4 yr old daughter fell ill, and we were driven by the hotel manager directly to the emergency room at the nearby St. Mary's Hospital. Afterwards an employee, I beleive to have been the &quot;doorman&quot;, was incredibly helpful with the &quot;clean-up effort&quot; of a very sick little girl. Yes, the elevator was broken while we were there, and the rooms were rather noisy, but all in all, the experience was a good one. I am very thankful to the staff for all of their help.	
Jul 30 2005	Rude staff 	The Hyde Park Paddington Hotel may look nice on the website, but I would advise you never to stay there. Put simply, the service by the hotel staff was APPALING. In all my years of travelling I have NEVER been treated this badly, especially by a &quot;4 star&quot; hotel.We were kept waiting an hour for the room, despite arriving at the correct check in time and having confirmed that arrival time the same morning by phone. I approached the desk at least 4 times to ask when the room would be ready, to be told rudely they would get back to me (which they didnt) or that it would be &quot;10 minutes&quot; (it was 1 hour). My parents in their 60's having just gotten off a long flight were falling asleep in the reception, and not once did the staff approach us to appologise or even offer a glass of water.We had booked a triple room, and when we were finally allowed into our room it turned out to be a double bed and a lumpy sofa bed, not even a proper third bed. We complained to the staff who offered no explanation and certainly no appology. The website made no mention of a triple room containing a sofa bed. The staff at this hotel were rude, uninterested and unhelpful. I was disgusted by the service and will never stay there again.	
Jul 17 2005	Hyde Park Paddington Hotel - avoid!	I booked the 'Romantic Package' at the Hyde Park Paddington which was for a Duplex room and included Champagne, Chocolates and fresh flowers.When we arrived there was a queue of less than happy people standing outside the reception door (found out this was due to the fact that the hotel had greedily massively overbooked - unfortunately we weren't out-booked!). We had a reservation for afternoon tea at the Ritz and due to this delay only just made it and had not had time to wash, etc.When we returned the room was the initial disappointment - it was very small and the upstairs was a complete waste as all that was up there was a sofa facing a sink. Additionally there was no sign of the Champagne, Chocolates and flowers - after complaining to reception twice we eventually got these although we did see a member of staff hurrying to the local shop to get some half dead roses which were placed in the room without any vase so were fully dead by the next day. The air-con did not work and bottled water had suddenly jumped from £1 advertised in the hotel guide to £1.75!. The next morning we attempted to go down to breakfast which was made somewhat difficult by the fact we got stuck in the lift. Despite being on the ground floor right next to reception, ringing the alarm did not get any response from the staff tood next to it! Once we had finally got to the breakfast the actual food was fine although the waiting staff did presume we had finished as soon as we got up to something in addtion to orange juice and we returned to a newly set table minus our tea/coffee.I would avoid this hotel at all costs as I believe they have zero levels of service and seem to have little desire to improve on this.	
Jul 10 2005 	Okay - but not worth what you pay	As part of my job I end up staying at hotels all over the place, and I encountered the Hyde Park Paddington a few weeks ago.I thought that booking it through the internet was an easy experience and booked one of the 'Duplex' suites.I arrived at the hotel with my car and the staff arranged for a space for me (at a £15 charge) at the front of the hotel. I checked in without incident but it would have been faster if more staff were around at the time.My 'Duplex' suite was very small - don't believe the hype on the website...As soon as I walked in there was a door to my right, that was the bathroom. Now I have been in some small bathrooms and it is called the smallest room in the house - but this bathroom was so tiny that my knees almost touched the hand basin when I was sat on the loo!Then there were some stairs to the left of the entrance door and these led to the seating area. I thought that it would be the bedroom upstairs as the photo had shown on the website, but be warned - all that was up there was a two seater sofa and a kitchen-unit type thing with a microwave and fridge.Downstairs was the bedroom and this was so cramped that you could barely move at the end of the bed which was where the small wardrobe and dressing table was situated, along with the television. You couldn't even sit at the chair as it could not pull out far enough because the bed was in the way.I didn't eat at the hotel, but I visited the 'bar' which was poorly staffed (hardly spoke English) and very expensive. (2 drinks were over £8.00)The hotel was very busy and quite noisy along with it. You could hear the people in the rooms next door and opposite, which meant a restless few night's sleep! I could hardly believe that the place had such bad sound-proofing.When I checked out I picked up my car which had been in situ for 4 days, and it was covered from top to toe in tree sap and leaves, not good when turning up to a client site!Overall my stay was unsatisfactory and I know that there are better hotels in London that will charge a lot less for more space and better service.	
Jul 8 2005	Great Location Good Price Terrible Staff	Hyde Park Paddington is in a great location! Just 2 blocks from the Paddington Underground/National Rail Station. The hotel is an excellent point to uses as a hub to see and travel within and outside of London. It is a short walk to a charming pub (The Pride of Paddington) and a few other places to eat, an Internet cafe, and is situated in a mostly residential neighborhood that is very quiet, clean, and safe. The photographs shown on the websites are terribly deceptive !! The rooms are very small, and the bathroom is tiny...however if all you are using it for is to sleep and shower (which most people do) then that it won't be much of a problem, but don’t expect palatial accommodations. Still, our room was clean and nicely decorated, with a comfortable bed and adjustable lighting (which only operates when you insert your room keycard into the light switch). The hotel also offers a free broadband internet connection hookup, which worked well for us. The property seemed well maintained, but the elevator didn’t work and the water in the bathroom, was constantly at the extreme of freeing cold or scalding hot. In room phone calls are overpriced. Depending on how you made the reservation, breakfast may be included, but if it is not, it is very expensive to purchase – which I do not recommend.The only thing I really did not like about the hotel was the rude, apathetic, and down right uncaring unprofessional staff. They ignored you, would not answer questions, or acknowledge you if you were standing at the desk, and turn and walk away as you spoke to them. I had one attendant literally toss back my credit card to me when he was done, and when I checked out, I didn’t get so much as a &quot;Thank You&quot;, &quot;Good Bye&quot;, “How was your stay?” or &quot;Can I Call You a Cab?&quot;. All in all, -despite the staff- it is a pretty good facility, and good for the price, but I do not feel that it earns anything near the “4-star” rating, as it lacks the facilities and service in my opinion that I’ve enjoyed in other 4-star properties. I did enjoy my stay, but I only slept and showered there. I would recommend the facility with the caveat of the abysmal staff. If it were not for the staff, I would probably stay there again.	
Jul 7 2005 	Avoid this place if possible!	I booked this Hotel via the internet and arrived to be told that they had 'overbooked' and they had a room for me in their 'sister' hotel a few minutes away. I was very unhappy but there was no compromise offered. I had to walk to the other hotel and the wasted time made me late for an engagement. The 'sister' hotel was dreadful.The biggest mistake I made was booking it before looking at the reviews on TripAdvisor.	
Jul 7 2005	Not as bad as I thought	After reading the reviews on this site, I was prepared for almost everything.But after a 3-days stay I must say that the hotel is quite okay.Staff wasn`t very fast but friendly enough. The rooms were rather small. One of our two rooms had a too small bathroom. The other was good and even had a bathtub. No problems with housekeeping!Breakfast was good enough to start a sight-seeing day.The location is perfect for a sight-seeing trip. Paddington station is in short distance and so are some pubs, restaurants and supermarkets.	
Jul 6 2005	I write what I see....	My friend and I went to London on 9th June, 2005. We have booked Hyde Park Paddington Hotel via Internet. Same problem: they couldn't find our name in the system, and luckily we brought our confirmation letter with us. We finally get a room in the ground floor. However, it was extremely hot (even the heater was on). We asked for the fan --- every 30 minutes. What you get is the answer: we will give it to you in a min. But this minute seems like forever. Nobody was trying to help us and it was sooooo hot. My friend and I were decided to go out for some fresh air. After we came back from the dinner, we reminded the receptionist again. Still, we cannot get anything.Overall, the room is tidy, tiny and comfortable. (for Asian size). However, if you were asking the good customer service, please choose another hotels.	
Jul 5 2005	Never again!	We had booked into the Hyde Park Paddington as we were going to the Live8 concert at Hyde Park and this hotel was in an ideal location.When we checked in they could not even find our name on the system...so we filled out a 'Check In' card then to be told that the hotel was fully booked and they were relocating us to a better hotel. Well this was fine...but the hotel was in Barbican at the Thistle Barbican - miles away! They said it was 5 minutes in a taxi - yeh right, more like 30 - 40 mins. I shall give the hotel some credit in that they did put on taxis for us (although we could only use these between Hyde Park Paddington and the Thistle) and could only be booked through the Hyde Park Paddington and on most occassions turned up about an hour late...so a lot of our weekend was spent in taxis...which was why we had booked at the Hyde Park Paddington so we would could walk to the concert!!!We thought we were the only ones being shipped to another hotel...but we met at least 4 couples with the same situation.We found the staff to have a 'I don't care' attitude..quoting one of the receptionists &quot;Well what do you want me to do about it&quot;!! Other receptionists were laughing at guests when they were complaining! Great customer service. We cannot comment on the rooms - obviously but if first impressions are anything to go by I will NEVER book this hotel again and would not recommend it to anyone...all it has going for it is location...but that is only good if you are actually staying in the hotel!The Thistle Barbican was a great hotel but just no in the location we wanted to be!Sorry can't find anything good to say about this hotel.	
Jul 1 2005	Really small bathrooms but not a bad value overall	Just stayed there at the end of May and I was a little worried with all the bad reviews that I read. It really wasn't quite as bad as I'd heard. With some of the rooms, there are some steps that you need to carry luggage up even after you get off of the lift which can be a little aggravating. The room that I stayed in (queen size double) was small but comfortable but the bathroom was absolutely tiny. You would not even be able to use the bathroom if you were a large person (250+ lbs.). Our friends stayed in the three bedroom which was a great deal larger but the bathroom was still a little cramped. If you were a large person, you would probably get stuck between the wall and tub if you were using the toilet. The rooms were clean and neat but the rooms are not air-conditioned so it can get kind of hot. The restaurant was average but convenient for breakfast. The hotel was very close to Paddington Station so it was easy to get around the city. For the price that we paid, it wasn't a bad value for staying right in London.	
Jun 26 2005 	Falsely advertised and an insult to guests expectations	What a way to ruin a stay in London. I had great expectations from this so-called 4 star hotel. It is dirty, the carpets are filthy, everything appears in a poor state of repair despite the fact that it is advertised as a newly- renovated boutique hotel. The rooms are incredibly small, hot, and not insulated. The noise from guests next door, above and below are very audible. The hotel lacks any kind of professional standards. It almost appears that the owners/managers just don't care. I feel sorry for the staff who must continuely have to put up with complaints.	
May 15 2005	Good hotel Good location	We were given a room in this hotel when our original choice of apartment (booked 3 months in advance) was overbooked (Nice one, central-london-apartments!) The upper floor of our family room was very hot, but a fan was provided (the hotel say that air conditioning is to be in operation this summer). The bathroom was tiny - no floor space whatsoever, but adequate enough for what you need.Breakfast was good, plenty of fruit, yogurt, bread and juices, or a cooked breakfast for £4 extra. Altogether a pleasant stay here - one negative though; I left a pair of leather sandals in the wardrobe and when I phoned the hotel the next day, the housekeeper said that there was nothing in there - I hope they give her bunions !!	
May 15 2005	Don't believe the hype	The hotel's own web-site boasts that it has a 4-star rating and offers a highdegree of comfort; nothing could be further from the truth!The double room allocated to us was easily the smallest room we have ever stayed in. One side of the bed was only six inches away from the wall meaning that you had to clamber out of the other side to stand up. The curtains were so heavy that you could neither open or close them properly and there was no mirror in the room which made it difficult when drying your hair or applying make-up. The air conditioning unit was not working, although there was a notice in the hotel reception area warning us of this; I note from previous reviews that this seems to be an on-going problem (surely not a cost-cutting exercise!).The safe in the room did not work and we had to wait for a replacement battery to be inserted. After trying to use the safe again, it still did not work, which meant having to wait in the room again for it to be finally fixed.Not content with providing a small bedroom, the bathroom was also tiny; in particular, the shower cubicle (no bath) was only about two feet square, making it difficult for even an averaged size person to shower in comfort.The bathroom also constantly reeked of smoke.Be warned - the walls of the rooms are paper thin and you can hear just about every word that your neighbours say. Don't take too many clothes either; the wardrobe space is miniscule.On the positive side, the continental breakfast was OK and the staff were generally pleasant. I realise that hotels in London tend to have smaller rooms than those in the rest of the UK but this hotel is advertised as a 4-star so I think you should be entitled to expect a reasonable standard; sadly, this hotel proved to be a bitter disappointment in that respect.	
May 4 2005 	where are the 4 stars ?!	This cannot be 4 stars hotel - Very average comfort in rooms - Never seen such little bathroom. Will definitively not advise this one	
Apr 25 2005	very very small rooms	I have just returned from a weekend in this London Hotel, I booked a room for 4 adults.When we arrived and given our room key I and the rest of my party were in total shock of how small the room was. It had two single beds pushed together with NO room to walk past the end of the bed (you had to climb over both beds to get to the other side of it). On the upper floor was a bed settee and a dressing table that you could not get to, because the bed was in the way. The bathroom was tiny, you could only just sit on the toilet seat, if you were a large person you would be well and tuly wedged in!The heat on the landing was stiffleling.The dinning room was also small and there were never enough knives and customers and staff were always bumping into the back of you.How this hotel is a 4 star I will never know. VERY DISAPOINTING.	
Mar 16 2005	We arrived and there was no water!	We had a group booking but when we arrived after checking in we were told there was no water so we could not even flush the toilet! The problem had occured the day before but they had not rung to advise us or tried booking us into another hotel, they gave us a map and told us which direction to head in to find another hotel if we did not want to stay.They were offering us a free breakfast the next day but who wants to be served breakfast when the staff cannot even wash their hands before preparing the food?In the end we stayed at the Royal Eagle around the corner which was small, but clean and confortable and they had water!Would not recommend Hyde Park Hotel. Very poor service.	
Mar 4 2005	DUMP! VERY poor service!	This hotel should be closed down! They do not operate in a professional manner and I was appalled on check-in to be told that I had been booked out to another hotel. The level of service I received in response to their error was appalling and I can not understand how they are still in operation. From the other posts, the hotel seems to be a hovel anyway so I am glad I was shipped out. Mind you, the alternative was a hovel too! Be warned!	
Feb 23 2005	would stay here again	I stayed in this hotel in late April of 2004. I arrived in London from Rome, and had booked a room online the day before, for the Best Western a few blocks away. Apparently the BW did not get my reservation, but they gave me a room at the Senator/Hyde Park Paddington (not sure what it was called at the time). The employees at BW told me that the hotel was soon to be a Best Western hotel as well. Though I'm not sure about that. I was dissapointed, becuase I had booked a suite at the Best Western, and after staying in a suite there before, I was looking forward to the experience. However, I was pleased with the room and the service at the Hyde Park Paddington. I believe they were still undergoing renovation, but most of the work was completed. The room was very clean, and my room had an upstairs area, although it was bare, with only a small couch. The location of the hotel can be very convenient depending on your needs. Also, you will pay considerably less to stay in this area than to stay in the more popular tourist areas. The hotel is only a 2 minute walk to Paddington station, which has the best and quickest service to Heathrow airport, and central London. Alternatively, a cab fare from the hotel to Picadilly/Leicester Square will cost about 8-9 pounds. The location of the hotel is also safe, in a residential area, and relatively quiet. It is also a five minute walk to Hyde Park. Overall, based on my experience at the hotel less than a year ago, I would recommend staying here. I paid around 200 US Dollars for my room, but this is more than one would pay by booking online.	
Jan 29 2005	Never come back NEVER!!!!	When we booked a 4 stars hotel we didn't think we'd found anything like that. We arrived to the hotel at 13:00, and our room wasn't ready (although the check-out is at 11:00). The staff was rude and inpersonal. When we finally entered the room, we find it was the smallest room in the world. We though it was a single room, but after read the reviews I find all rooms are small. I couldn't open my suitcase without blocking the bathroom door. I've never been in such a claustrophobic room. The ventilation of the bathroom was inexistent, and although it was January, we kept the window open all day in order to be able to sleep at night. When we arrived the television didn't work, neither the keyboard or the internet connection. Although we ask three times to th reception desk about the Interent connection, and they tell us it was a free service, the internet connection &quot;ask us&quot; to pay 6'95 pounds to use it.Never been so disappointed with a hotel!	
Jan 26 2005	I wish I had known!!!	Don't believe a word of what you read on this hotel's website. They list king size beds, they don't have them. They list a mini bar and complimentary bottles of water, they have an empty fridge in the room. They list themselves as a &quot;4 star boutique hotel&quot; but I can assure you this is nothing close to that, as best as I can tell, they made that rating up. Upon checking in the first night, they sent us to another hotel, to a room with a tiny bed, flimsy blankets with ugly stains and a mildewy shower with intermittently hot water. The next day, they feigned surprise at our dissatisfaction, gave us free breakfast (whoopie) and told us we could move back to the hotel.This room, whilst cleaner, had only one thing true to its site- internet in the room. No king bed, no 4 stars, and let me tell you no quiet either. You might as well be sleeping in a dorm room with all the other guests for all the noise. (we could hear our neighbors cough/talk/walk, it was that bad). The ONLY redeeming quality this place has is the fact that it is 2 blocks from Paddington station.	
Jan 16 2005	Place gives me nightmares - run as fast as you can!	I agree with all the other reviews - please do not attempt landing at this property! My fellow travellers are right on the money with their description and experiences at this hotel.I can't believe I got suckered in to their cheap price for a few nights in December 2004. It is definitely worth spending the extra dollars for a decent and comfortable night's sleep somewhere else. I normally research all my hotels on this site but opted not to for this one. What a huge mistake! My room was miniscule, mildewed, hallways were run down, carpeting threadbare, I'm certain my bed had bugs in it, and I did not feel safe and secure at all. I really felt the front desk staff would come and rummage through my belongings when I wasn't there.This place still gives me the creeps and I have nightmares from it. I totally empathize with the previous reviewer that wrote he couldn't talk about it until now. My fellow travellers, this is not an overstatement! I had a 2:00 p.m. flight to catch the next day, however, checked out at 5:00 a.m. because I couldn't sleep and opted to wait it out at Heathrow. That's how awful it was! As others, I felt compelled to add my story. Please do your research and stay at another property. I would not recommend this property to anyone, even my worst enemy.	
Jan 7 2005	THIS HOTEL IS TOTALLY MISREPRESENTED!!	One of the worst experiences in all my years of travel.. Dirty,small,unfriendly staff,showers, showerheads &amp; telephonesthat don't work.Curtains falling off rods,headboards falling apart,filthy carpets, unpainted walls. But the best is the breakfast staff handling food with their bare hands &amp; when caught not thinking there was anything wrong with that- Definately a hotel to avoid at any price!!!!!	
Dec 19 2004	Mutton dressed as Lamb	We have just returned from a trip to London and feel motivated to share our experience at staying at the above hotel.The room was very small, with hardly enough space to walk between the bed and wall. The bathroom was extremely small and the shower head kept falling out of the fixing unit, the water was eithervery cold or very hot, only a delicate positioning of the shower tap would enable a pleasantly warm stream of water. The shower door did not open fully because the wash basin obstructed it. You had to dry yourself in the bedroom because there was not enough room in the bathroom. The Bedroom walls were very thin, you could hear people talking in the next room.Although the room was clean and the bed was comfortable we came away very dissapointed. For a 4 Star Hotel standards should be higher,we feel cheated, the website does not give a true impression.We now wish that we had spent the extra and stayed at one of the Radisson Group Hotel's.	
Dec 18 2004	small rooms!	Very, very small room. 4 stars must be a joke! You should not select this hotel! Their reduced price marketing is just a trap.	
Dec 8 2004	" WHAT A DUMP "	I was a penny wise and pound truly dumb this past weekend. I was traveling on personal business and did not stay at my usual hotels, The Montcalm, SAS Portman or The Churchill. I was picking up the tab....so I thought a 4 STAR hotel near Paddington for $180 a night.... great.My first room....let's not even discuss ....the dirt under the bed (I put my suit case under the bed and whe I pulled it out IT WAS DIRTY)...I am a healthy male not fat but I could not fit into the shower.....do not book this hotel no matter what the rate is.Rude staff, poor housekeeping etc., I felt like it was the guest vs the staff.This place does should not even be listed as a hotel....but a dump.	
Nov 15 2004	Avoid Like the Plague	Avoid this hotel like the plague! Rooms in Tokyo are suites compared with these cramped singles, where you can't open a suitcase and if you drop the soap in the shower you can't bend over to pick it up. Unfriendly staff, unreliable wake-up service; you name it, to make the hotel an unpleasant stay, despite their new, handsome appointments.	
Nov 10 2004	Terrible	This is a terrible hotel, if it can even call itself that. The room i had was incredibly small. barely enough room to squeeze in around the bed. the ensuite was a joke. so small and poor. depressing to talk about. the general service was poor. they didnt understand half the things i said to them. you would thing you were in eastern europe. Breakfast was just ok, until i found out that i have been charged an extra £2.50 for the fry. Just not up to scratch. Very similar to a very poor B&amp;B, if even. Im just appalled	
Oct 28 2004	Poor everything	I stayed in a incredibly small room with a large double bed. There was no heat, nor A/C. The shower cannot fit someone who is 6 feet or over. I am 6 feet, 180 lbs and barely had room to wash myself. The water was very hot and barely adjusted to anything but hot or cold. Staff was unattentive and when I asked for room change was told I was out of luck. This place is out of luck too. It was a plain rip-off. Do not Go	
Oct 21 2004	Appalling	Unbelievably bad, terrible service, miniscule room, and to top it all off they charged us for drinks we didn't have - and we still haven't got our money back.	
Oct 21 2004	Attempt no landing here!!!	Until now, my girlfriend and I have not spoken of this experience. This was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Upon arrival we were informed that the elevator was broken and that we would have to use the service elevator to reach our room...in the basement! So some unintelligable bell hop crammed us, and our suitcases, into a service elevator the size of a small phone booth and sent us on our way. I almost lost my finger as the bare walls rushed past the open platform...and when we reached the basement I was suprised to find that the only exit from this death trap was to heave open a metal door. We made our way through winding hallways, doubled back a few times, and eventually asked a maid where room 1a was. Unfortunately she didn't understand a word, and we were forced to continue on our own. Eventually, we found the room, only to open the door and find a single bed, no closets, and barely enough room to walk. Not to mention the pugent odor of mildew that instantly sent my girlfriend into a sneazing fit. By this point we were very dissappointed and made our way back upstairs (in the death elevator) to the front desk and demanded the full-size room we paid for. To make a long story short, they switched our rooms to a room right next to the lobby. I'm convinced we were directly above the boiler as the room averaged 90+ degrees. The air conditioning was broken, the TV didn't work, and the bathroom was about the size of the death elevator. During our harrowing 3 night stay, the elevator was never fixed, our TV was never fixed (even after many many requests), the AC never worked, and by the time we left we both felt sick. I strongly urge any and all travels to consider your mental and physical health before staying in this hell hole. Happy travels!! :)	
Oct 15 2004	Hated it -sall rooms terrible service	We booked a room which was decribed as spacious. After checking in we were given a TINY room. In fact, there was no room for our luggage, which we piled up in front of the door. Additionally the staff were all very young, probably students. They really did not give a s**t about the guests.Stay away at all costs!!!!	
Sep 15 2004	HORRIBLE!!!! Not a 4 star! More like a 2 star! Do not stay here!	Just thinking of our stay at the Hyde Park Paddington infuriates me! It used to be called the Senator and has a new name now. It used to get terrible reviews. Don't be fooled. This hotel stinks. They gave it a bit of a face lift but they must not have hired new staff because they were the rudest women I have ever dealt with in all my years of travelling. Check in was a horrible experience for me and the woman at the front desk made me cry! She refused to say sorry and her English was terrible. I was meeting my husband there and almost had to wait 6 hours in the lobby because they wouldn't let me check in without him, even though he called twice to make sure I would be able to. I was travelling alone from Paris.....horrible treatment! The room was smaller than my closet at home (really!) and my husband and I could not walk past each other without one of us standing ON the bed!!! Mini fridge did not work. Air conditioning had never been installed for which the front desk's response was &quot;What do you want me to say?&quot; UNREAL! We checked out a day later and stayed at a Thistle chain hotel which was wonderful, friendly, better location, included a big breakfast and was 5 times the size....worth a little extra money.....trust me. Other people were unhappy and talking about it in the hallway.	
Sep 9 2004	Room as hot as a sauna	Airconditioning was advertised as a feature of this establishment, but check whether it works before you book a night in this hotel! My experience of this hotel was so uncomfortable, instead of my room being a haven from the busy, hectic streets of london, I found myself waking up with the sun to escape the room. The room my partner and I were given was a little larger than a shoebox with an airconditioning system installed, but non-functioning and only a small window providing no relief from the heat. Infact, all the airconditioning in the whole hotel did not work. The rooms looked great in the pictures but proved to be too uncomfortable, being as hot as a sauna that we had to escape each day because it was so unbearable, going outside was a relief and only then did the sweat stop pouring from our skin.	
Aug 31 2004	Don't Trust The Hotel's Own Publicity	I can hold my hand up and say that I'm one of those that was duped by the hotel's own publicity. I booked through Expedia, expecting a spacious room in four-star surroundings.What I got was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in (that's not exaggeration), fitted with pretty standard furniture, an equally tiny bathroom and air conditioning that didn't work.I always try to see the good aspects in a venue, but I'm not joking when I say the only good things about this hotel are the lobby and the location. It looks impressive when you enter, but then you get dispatched to your room...Oh my. Tiny corridors (and I'm not a big person) lead to tiny staircases, which lead to tiny rooms. Maybe if you get a family room or suite, the size is okay, but regular/double rooms are appalling!You walk in, and within two steps your feet are touching the bed, which is wedged up against the wall. This means if two of you are staying in the room, one person has to climb over the other just to get out of bed!The hotel did provide a fan - because the air conditioning wasn't working months after being installed - but that just took up more room. It was impossible to open the closet door or sit at the desk because of the lack of space.The bathroom was equally atrocious in the lack of space. You can sit on the toilet and without moving an inch can wash your hands at the sink, turn on the shower and get a towel off the towel rack because the space is so cramped.I didn't speak to the staff, mostly because I was sulking at having been deceived about the room! I can't stress this enough: DON'T TRUST the hotel's listings on ANY website. The other reviewers here are 100% right. Stay away, and if you've already booked, CANCEL!	
Aug 26 2004	service deplorable	I arrived at 8pm expecting to be booked into the suites (4 rooms with a/c). No suite rooms were available for my party. I tried to find my room as I couldn't get help but was unsuccessful. Finally after 30 minutes we were escorted up and down stairs for about 5 minutes to get to our room. I checked out in the morning. NEVER AGAIN!	
Aug 21 2004	Unfinished - Shouldn't be open for business	BEWARE!!! I stayed in this hotel for one night in mid June. My boyfriend and I were in London for our anniversary and were staying with friends, but I decided to &quot;treat&quot; us to a nice swanky 4 star hotel for the first night. The website showed spacious rooms and described it as a &quot;4 star boutique hotel&quot;. On arrival, we waited ten minutes for the receptionist to deal with a very irate american who had a list of complaint. This didn't fill us with confidence. We finally checked in and were ushered to the tiniest lift in the world (Barely contained the 2 of us and our 2 sports bags). When we opened the room I was shocked - There was a small double pushed against a wall, and literally 6 inches of space to walk past the bed. There was no closet/drawers/anywhere to put your clothes. Oddly enough, there were about 20 plastic hangers sitting on the floor, along with a new 14 in tv, which wasn't plugged in/connected. I pushed the hangers under the chair and put the tv on it. I then checke out the bathroom which was TINY! There was no hot water, and when we informed the desk clerk, he said he'd put the water heat on (?!!) After an hour, the water was luke warm and the pressure was terrible. When we were checking out, I waited 20 minutes as there were 2 groups of people complaining about their rooms and another group who's room had been let out. Breakfast was ok but this hotel is simply not fit to be in business. The rooms aren't ready for guests, and even when they are, they are the SMALLEST I have seen in my LIFE! We just stayed here for one night and I am so glad we weren't stuck there for more. I had paid in advance and the website misled me enormously. Also, staff at this hotel seem really jaded and unaffected by the many complaining customers. Probably because they hear it day in day out. their grasp of English wasn't the best either. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Aug 18 2004	not exactly as advertsied !!!	I am so annoyed ! It appears that this hotel have old rooms that you may be allocate as I was !! The service is some of the worst i have experienced - you are lucky if they can understand you and my English is University Standard !! I would prefer to stay in a youth hostel. even the air conditioning does not work properly - its a disaster.	
Aug 8 2004	Damp days dry nights	Stayed here just recently with my family,(2 adults 2 children). We had a spacious two story family room that was tastefully decorated. However, in their re-fit they seem to have used up Britains supply of hallogen bulbs, combine this with an air conditioning system that is only decorative, windows that hardly open and no obvious working ventilation in the tiny bathroom and you have to be prepared to spend most of your stay feeling damp in one way or another.There also appears to be a plumbing problem as on our first night there what would appear to be a neighbours used bath water gurgled up through our bath plughole bringing with it the smell of the drain which permeated the entire room. We didn't bother to complain as most of the staff seemed to have a limited grasp of English.If you stay with children there is not a lot of 'family entertainment' nearby. The hotel has a well decorated restraunt/bar, but be prepared to dig deep into your wallet.	
Aug 4 2004	Bad bad experience ... run away from this place	This place deserves at least a 5* rating in the worst hotel experience of my life.Don't trust pictures on the website ... I never saw smaller &quot;rooms&quot; in any place in the world, as a matter of fact, &quot;closet&quot; -instead of &quot;room&quot;- would be more appropriate. We didn't notice any sign of refurbishment in any of the rooms we visited (we of course asked to change room when we saw the one we had been assigned). The hotel entrance looked more like a building site than a 4* hotel (!!!) entrance. The staff is either totally incompetent, or incrediblely rude, depending on the kind of request/complain you have.NOTHING in this hotel deserves a 4* rating ... I feel sorry I didn't take a look at the reviews before booking (unfortunately prepaid).Last but not least : the breakfast which was allegedly included when we checked in (this point was specifically confirmed when we asked to the desk staff about), was charged when we checked out !!!To cut a long story short :DON'T EVER EVER GO THERE !	
Aug 3 2004	Bad service tiny rooms great location	There are only 2 good things that I can say about this hotel. The first is that the location is great for access to public transportation. The second is that the hotel is clean. Other than that, it was an uncomfortable and painful experience. The front desk staff were indifferent, slow, and hardly spoke English. Apparently, there is still a lot of rennovation taking place. We found that the ground floor bathrooms were without electricity and unusable when we arrived to leave our luggage. (Early July, 2004) After a long flight this was rather frustrating. The hall outside of our room smelled of mildew and the carpet was stained. The elevator was tiny, the room was tiny, the double bed was tiny, the sink was tiny, and the shower was a nightmare! We could never get more than a dribble of water and the temp was SCALDING if it wasn't freezing. The handle came off during a shower. I didn't wash my hair for 4 days - I would never be able to wash the shampoo out! The facilities were new and clean, but weren't installed properly. There was a horrible noise coming from the wall every time we ran the water. We were happy to leave this place! I wouldn't reccommend this hotel as it is not a good value for the money.	
Aug 3 2004	Fabulous referb but ...	We recently stayed at the 4* Hyde Park Paddington in London in July. The indications on booking were that this hotel had recently been completely refurbished including installation of air-con in all the bedrooms. The 'istallation' bit was true but none of the units were connected to the power supply, consequently very uncomfortable at night, although the hotel did provide fans. The refurb itself was fabulous with lovely dark wood furniture in the rooms, but on entering the double room allocated to us it was clearly a single sized room with a double bed pushed up against the wall. Two people could not have stayed in this room without stepping on each other. After discussing this with the Hotel Manageress she agreed to let me look at two other rooms. Although these were a little larger in size again the layout of the rooms were such that the beds were pushed up against the wall making it impossible for one person to get out of bed without climing over the other. Cosy, some might say. I'm told that all the rooms have the same/similar layout. That said the reception area and restaurant are light and airy with some fabulous art work on the walls. I think a huge effort has been made in this refurb but can't help feeling the hotel has been let down by its designer.	
Jul 20 2004	Renovated but be careful	Senator Hotel has recently been partly renovated. We arrived late due to bad weather on the ferry from Europe They gave our twin room away so gave us a room on ground floor at back of hotel. The room was so small it had a double bed, we could'nt walk around(with single sheets &amp; blanket across the bed) to have the suitcase in the room we couldn't open the bathroom door(just as tiny). After complaining, they promised to move us the next night, which they did. When staff moved our luggage while we were away they removed clothing and opened our suitcases. Upon returning at night and asking for our clothing that was missing they insisted they could not find it. To date one month later and many phone calls they continue to pass the buck from one staff member to another. No help to us. Few staff spoke english well. Also we weren't the only people at the time to complain about their rooms. Certain rooms were very nice and breakfast was good but I wouldn't stay in Paddington again!	
Jul 19 2004	Black Hole of Calcutta	My son's room had an ironing board, but there was not enough space to put it up. The bathroom was so small you had to have the door open to wash your face. If they offer you a room on the ground floor or in the basement - flee.	
Jul 15 2004 	Not even fresh air available at this hotel	One of the worst rooms I have ever stayed in. It was in the basement, down a steep and winding set of stairs. The airconditioning did not work so had to have the window open (which was filthy and had a huge crack with a piece of tape across it). It was opposite the exhaust fan from the kitchen so each night and morning, the fumes from the kitchen pumped directly into my room and I had to breathe greasy, smelly air. The room was so tiny that when they came in to fix my tv which was not working, I had to stand in the bathroom to allow room for the man to be in the room. The entrance to the shower was so small that I had to squeeze in and doubt that a large person would have got in at all. The room was nicely furnished but due to its size the furniture was inappropriate - couldnt open the cupboard properly etc.The position was excellent and the staff did their best but were fairly incompetent. I expressed my unhappiness about the room to an indifferent desk clerk, who assured me he would talk to the manager - nothing further happened.I would not stay here again - even for London this was shocking accommodation, and not particularly cheap.	
Jul 8 2004	The Worst Hotel in the UK	This is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff is totally inept and very unhelpful. They can't call for a taxi, using mini-cab services instead. The rooms are claustrophobic. Mine was so small I was unable to open my suitcase. Seriously. Construction goes on all day and practically all night. There was drilling outside my door (less than 10 inches from my head) at 0705 in the morning and, at one point, the workers actually turned off the electricity. I wouldn't stay in this place again if it were the last hotel left on earth and I wish I could give it a worse rating. A GENUINE DUMP WITH SERIOUSLY INEPT MANAGEMENT.	
Jun 30 2004	Dreadful experience here	This &quot;newly refurbished&quot; hotel is actually deeply in construction. Cabinets have no doors, construction materials in the hallways, AC is not working, etc. Next year, assuming they actually finish the work they're doing, it may be an acceptable hotel if the rates stay reasonable. Rooms are very small, but typical for this type of London hotel. The bathroom is extra small (the smallest I've ever seen ensuite in London) - there is no room to mount the toilet paper holder, so the rolls just sit on the toilet. The advertised &quot;ample&quot; closet space is anything but.Our experience here was horrific. We had written confirmation of a king room, but were given a double, and the desk help refused to give us a king. Same thing the second night after we had been promised a king room by the manager. Only when we threatened to leave did they finally (with much pressure) get us into a king room. The hotel advertises that it's air conditioned, but the new AC system is not yet even completed. Two fans in our room could not begin to cool the room to a comfortable temp. Service was indifferent. Not a place I would return to.	
Jun 22 2004	Room for improvement!	Had to change hotel because we skipped our tour to Liverpool and our hotel was fully booked. Ended up here, my gf and I. The first room was so small we could not stay off the bed both at once. However, we were able to change to a larger room after one night without any costs. The staff was not friendly at all. No smile - I cant believe people want to work in a hotel if they dont like customers.The elevator was shut down the last two days. Aircon didnt work.Breakfast was ok, but we found out breakfast was not included, like most hotels are when you book online. The hotel has been recently renovated, and the bathrooms and furnitures were nice.This hotel may be ok for a night(but costs too high), but you never really feel welcome here.	
Jun 22 2004	It was not bad!	I booked the hotel before reading the reviews and was then a bit worried. I called before arriving at the hotel to ask about parking, and was told there was plenty - that was a bit of a fib, they have 12 spaces @ £20/night!! Arrived to find all spaces occupied and had to park on an NCP, although that was only 5 mins away. Beware - room rate, may not include Breakfast, although this wasn't clear from the booking! Room was nice, but staff weren't particularly knowledgable or helpful.	
Jun 10 2004	Stay at the Hyde Park Paddington was fine	I read the reviews for this establishment AFTER I made the reservation and thought we would have a nighmarish experience. Thankfully, it was just the opposite.Check in was fast and efficient. The room, a double on the fifth floor was beautiful! Everything was new and in working order. I will give them the benefit of doubt concerning the air conditioning. It was installed but not yet hooked up for use. It was hot in the room and they did provide a fan. Breakfast was fine although I had to have the charge removed from my bill.Regarding the comments made from guests over the last two or three years...I asked if the hotel had changed management from the days it was &quot;The Senator&quot; and was told they had. They are in the process of refurbishing all of the facilities. I was given the impression that air conditioning should be functioning soon.It is very close to Paddington and in a realtively quiet neighborhood.Granted, each review is based on personal experience at an establishment and mine was just fine. I would consider staying here again.	
Jun 8 2004	re-shuffle to other lower quality hotel	I booked the room via hotels and specific asked for 4 stars quality and internet accessbility because I was aware of the hotel rating in London is generally lower than in US.However, when I arrived on May 31, there is no room available for me. I was tranferred to another near -by 3 stars hotel - the Paddington court hotel ( a Best Western chain). I was place in a single basement room that needed to go through a very confusing hallway. That was total unacceptable because I origially booked a double bed single executive room ( priced as $172/night). After my complains, the manager finally agree to switch me to a suite next day since there is no room available that night. In summary:1. I waited for 30 min to check, because there is only on receptionist and many other people have similar problems. 2. Placed me in a much lower quality hotel and room than I original paid for it. 3. There is no internet access in room, only one computer at lounge for internet and charged 1/2 pound for 5 min usage.Very disappointed with the hotel service.	
Jun 3 2004	Hot deal Hot hotel	We stopped at the hotel for 2 nights in the middle of May. Bargain? price of £120 (2 people, 2 nights B&amp;B).Minus points,The room wasn't ready when we arrived (even though it was after 2pm)It was red hot even with the window open.The room we had was tiny, I cannot imagine what a visitor from the States would think.The bathroom was the smallest I have EVER seen.Thre was an ac unit but it didn't work.Plus points.Good location near to Paddington station.We did get provided with 2 fans on the 2nd night.The breakfast was OK.Overall for the price we payed we wern't too disappointed. Never been 4* quality. More like 2*.I could not and would not recommend this hotel to anyone, nor would I use it again!!	
Dec 18 2003	The Sewer not the Senator		
Sep 26 2003	What a Nightmare!		
Sep 11 2003	small is only the half of it!		
Aug 20 2003	Barely 2 stars		
Jul 29 2003	Does not live to expectations		
Jul 7 2003	Avoid the Senator Hotel		
Jun 25 2003	Three Stars?		
Jun 22 2003	Customer Service is Lousy		
Aug 23 2009 	excelente opción		
May 10 2009 	ACCOGLIENZA VERGOGNOSA		
Apr 15 2009 	bien		
Mar 14 2009 	Posizione ottima camere carine ma nn so se c tornerei		
Jul 16 2008 	Molto scorretti		
Aug 8 2007 	Excellent équipement		
Nov 29 2006 	Pulito!!		
Jul 26 2006	Plus jamais là !		
May 5 2006	Orribile!		
