Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Quiet Location	My wife and I spent four nights in London starting on the 14th of October, 2009. We booked The Cranley based on a recommendation of a friend and we were positively surprised. Here are our our thoughts: The hotel: We felt as being in a friend's home than a hotel. I travel often for business, and Cranley is completely different than typical hotels. The hotel is small and charming, more of a bed and breakfast than a hotel. The room was a great size - even to American standards - and the decor typical. Bathroom was also on the large side with a great bath/shower. One thing that we'd recommend to the hotel management is to provide larger screen TVs and wider channel selection. The staff:Staff were friendly and efficient. room was made up on time, and at night, chocolates placed on bed. One night my wife took ill and i asked the night manager for hot water. Although he was the only staff in the hotel, i had a tray of hot water in my room within 3 minutes!The food:we did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but we saw the trays delivered to the rooms. They looked good. My wife enjoyed the afternoon tea, and i enjoyed the glass of champagne and appetizers in the evening. Location: The hotel is located in South Kensington on a quiet street. We loved it! We were close to a couple of Underground stations (5 minute walk from Gloucester Road station) and also walking distance to a variety of locations that we wanted to visit. There are a few really good restaurants/pubs around and we tried a few of them.	
Oct 16 2009 	Wonderful hotel	By reading the reviews, I guess it depends what room you stay in. Our room was exactly like what was shown on their website and we had a view of the street from the 3rd floor, which was just fine for us (people watching)! Rooms aren't gigantic, but if you're on vacation, shouldn't you be out and about exploring anyways?? It's just for sleeping. We found it just fine, but I see that irked some people. That said, the bed was large and comfortable (big poster bed with duvet). Breakfast was great too. The area is fantastic (kensington/chelsea area)...quiet and great restaurants nearby. It was a nice place to spend a honeymoon rather than a crowded hotel chain (we felt like we were the only one's in the hotel as it was so quiet). I would definitely go back. Also, we had no issues with heat, smells, rude staff, lack of service or anything of that nature. I guess one bad apple of a staff member made some people's experience bad?? Nice to see the hotel responding on those reviews and acknowledging it. One thing to warn...make sure you are looking at 'the Cranley' when booking...not the 'Cranley Gardens' which is nearby and a dump. We went there by accident upon arrival and were very relieved to find out our cab driver made a mistake.	
Oct 5 2009 	Typical London - poor value for the money	I can imagine I would have given the Cranley a much better review if we hadn't unexpectedly ended up in a basement room beside the kitchen. This came as quite a surprise as there was no mention of this possibility on the website or in other reviews that I saw here on Trip Advisor. The room itself (No. 504) was quite pleasant - spacious, nicely furnished, clean - everything you would expect from a four-star hotel. The basement view, naturally enough, was poor, through a single window that looked onto some kind of black wooden barrier, making the room rather gloomy. The kitchen gets under way pretty early, as you would imagine, and being directly next door means a lot of noise, so forget about sleeping in. The rate was about £190 a night, which is expensive, especially considering there is no breakfast included (no dining room, for that matter - you'll have to go out to eat breakfast unless you order room service from the noisy kitchen ). I told reception when we checked out that it was not what I had bargained for. He said, &quot;We'll have to fix that as soon as we can.&quot; Don't know what that meant ... close down the basement rooms? Maybe it's a good experience if you get above ground but definitely ask before you book.	
Sep 14 2009 	Expected better	We booked our trip through Rooms for Romance as a city break to finish off our honeymoon. Given the comments on the website and reviews from previous visitors our expectations were high - perhaps we set ourselves up for this disappointment!We arrived very late on the first night only to be greated by a very rude staff member. He proceeded to answer phonecalls and speak to numerous other people when serving us, leaving us sat waiting. We then arrived at a stiflingly hot room which was most disappointing given the free upgrade we had been promised. We also had to ring down and ask for our complimentary drink as we were offered nothing.The next day we had to ask for details on the complimentary afternoon tea as details again were not forthcoming. On arrival the scones were inedible as they had been over-cooked. There were no tea and coffee making facilities in the room and the breakfasts were vastly over-priced. The only good thing about the hotel was the loaction and proximity to restaurants ad bars.	
Aug 14 2009 	Lovely small hotel excellent service	We stayed here for one night as part of a theatre package with Superbreak. Room comfortable although not large. No tea/coffee tray in room, but on arrival a large pot of tea was brought to our room (with biscuits) and we discovered you only had to ring down and almost instantly tea/coffee/hot water would arrive ( no charge). We also had complimentary afternoon tea in the lounge area with scones, jam and cream! There is no dining room - slightly odd, but a beautiful continental breakfast is served in your room at your chosen time, and we easily obtained more marmalade/hot water etc. Not too far to walk to tube. Quiet, good air con. Service excellent. Would stay again	
Jul 27 2009 	Great room great location great service	Ignore the moany reviews on here, I found the cranley to be a smashing little hotel. Polite, helpful staff, comfy bed, great bathroom, tasteful decor and good value for money. My only moan was the lack of a kettle in the room, otherwise fab!	
May 21 2009 	Charming Hotel	I specifically chose this hotel because I didn't want to stay, yet again, in a large chain. An excellent decision. The room was very pleasant, not large but adequate for our needs with a very comfortable bed and good quality linen. Breakfast in the room was good for us as it meant no rush to get dressed, showered etc. - much more relaxing - and was as much food as we needed. We had afternoon tea on each of our days there, which was a really nice touch, along with the glass of champagne on offer in the evening. The only thing missing is tea and coffee making facilities - but this is made up for by breakfast/afternoon tea. The down side to our trip was that the cab (not black cab) driver had never heard of the Wolseley and we got to our dinner reservation late because of that.	
Apr 26 2009 	Very disappointing	I booked this hotel through airmiles as it was close to the tube for an event at the hammersmith apollo, and location wise this hotel was great for that purpose. However i feel that the photographs and descriptions on the hotel website bore little resemblance to reality. Our room was very small and had a dreadful strong smell of damp and mould especially in the bathroom. Our view was of brick walls and a rather tatty roof. The tv was small and be aware that there are no tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms, forcing you to pay for room service. The bath was tiny - impossible to stretch out for a relaxing soak. There is no restaurant at the hotel so you are brought breakfast in bed - and it has to be in bed because the desk and chair ( one )was not big enough or suitably placed for two to eat at comfortably . I was expecting a lot more from this hotel.	
Apr 9 2009 	Pleasnt Stay!	We stayed 5 nights and were delighted with the size of our superior double room, which overlooked Bina Garden. Queen bed, couch, arm chair, cresser, tv (never even turned it on) desk, table with 2 chairs, large bath and separate closet with amply room for hanging &amp; mini bar and set of drawers.Staff were helpful and accommodating since my husband needed to spend part of each day working from his computer in the room. Only downside was that the high speed internet was erratic and initial setting up with our laptop was a pain. Reception staff were receptive to our plight with this. Upon arrival bags brought up, room explained, tv &amp; ipod shown how to use, etc... Housekeeping was excellent and afternoon tea was served promptly. Our package included the free continental breakfast and we found it sufficient - 6 pieces of toast, 2 croissant, butter &amp; jams, yogurt, juice, cereal and plenty of coffee. We did have a room that was not on the elevator side so we had to walk up one flight, cross over to our room side and then down one flight OR walk up completely but we didn't mind and actually walked up &amp; down most times. No real complaints except internet should be free in this day and age. Kind of pricey at 10 BP per day &amp; a bit unreliable. Overall a lovely place to stay.	
Feb 21 2009 	nice rooms ... no problems	I have stayed at The Cranley on several occasions and have been quite satisfied. The rooms are nice, linens and towels luxury and staff helpful. I have had several bad experiences with hotels in London and am returning to The Cranley for another visit in the spring.	
Feb 1 2009 	Don't bother - just don't bother	I work for a major travel management company. That being said, I don't expect perfection, but I do expect respect and safety from a hotel. Neither of which I got at the Cranley. Here is my opinion:Plus(es)-Great location; comfortable bed; nicely decorated room; decent breakfast if it is included in the price (not for 15 pounds, which would be an insult); rooms are very small (under 20m2) but it's London so I won't list this as a minus; good bathtub and shower.Minus(es)-Rude and unhelpful staff who did nothing to assist us during our entire 5-day stay; no help carrying our bags, even when we had to switch rooms due to their mistake; got every detail of reservation wrong (the room, the dates, the price, the breakfast, the package - all of it); did not honor the &quot;Christmas&quot; treat portion of the package we purchased, which said there would be tea, treats, a welcome drink, etc etc. - nothing was provided or offered; constant hassle as to when they could &quot;come clean the room&quot; - they would call at 10 am and then again 15 minutes later insisting that we give them a specific time - this happened daily for 5 days; left the messy breakfast tray sitting in the hall with milk and coffee smelling up the hotel all day long; Left the ironing board and iron in the hall in the way of everyone for FIVE DAYS! (this became a joke between my husband and I); refused to give us extra toilet paper or towels; broken light bulb in the room; window constantly left open in freezing December temperatures not pleasant to return to; overall - just an unpleasant and annoying stay.One very important safety note, which was the deal breaker. We will never be back: We returned home from a day of shopping to find our door UNLOCKED. When I called reception to see what was going on, the woman actually scoffed at me like I was an idiot &quot;well, of course, the cleaning staff are probably doing your room, it's normal.&quot; It was 6:30pm and no one came back to our room the entire night. The front door of the hotel is also never locked, not secure in today's age. For me, this kind of risk is unacceptable in every sense of the word. Please don't spend your money here. London has over 1500 hotels. Go to them and save yourself the hassle of staying at the Cranley. It was an unpleasant experience.	
Jan 25 2009 	Nice room expensive and a little unprofessional staff.	I liked the furniture in the room (single room, £120/night for 2 nights) and the room design in Victorian style. Staff was very helpful when I asked for an adress in London. When I checked in they asked me for drink or something and I wanted a beer. After check-in I was brought to my room and the lady told me about the room and services (I got a feeling she didn't like her job). But where is my beer?? Not good!The had also champagne and snack for the guests but this was only for a short time every day. And it was no info about this in the room. Maybe they want to save some money? :)The bed was good, but the (what is the word; the blanket or that cover I lay under:) was not good. It was in 3 parts with thin cover under and over with a wool-blanket (or something like that) in the middle.The TV was a joke, only 15&quot; or 17&quot;.They didn't have any breakfast room. So I got the breakfast with room service. I booked 1 breakfast with the room (£12,5) (ordinary price £15). I could choose from a &quot;menu&quot;, I picked orange juice, pot of hot chokolate, bowl of kelloggs rice with milk, youghurt with fruit, 2 toasts of white bread and butter, 3 small jars of jams. That was it! For £12,5! Kellogs was 22 grams with to little milk, the pot of hot chokolate was only 1 and a half cups of chokolate, joyghurt and orange juice was fine. And only jams to top the bread (and only 2 slices of bread). I also ordered xtra, this was 3 slices salami and 2 slices of cheese. This costs xtra £6!!This is a small hotel. Next time I will live in a bigger hotel with maybe some more professional staff and service, better bed and better breakfast and tv.	
Nov 17 2008 	I Keep Going Back	I've been to The Cranley so many times that I've now lost count. I actually had to go to London on business in May and fleetingly thought about trying somewhere else. After doing research on the Net, I simply didn't manage to find anywhere at the same price point, which I thought would be better.So, what do I like about the Cranley?1) The design, which is really elegant and classy. There's a sense of chic and comfort throughout the hotel, and it feels clean and cosy.2) The location—for me, the proximity to Gloucester Road tube station is perfect. It's only a five-minute walk there... and the Picadilly line whisks you directly either into the West End or to Saint Pancras International. Otherwise, you can also jump on the Circle or District Lines.3) The price—although the hotel is not exactly cheap, I've stayed in places that are only £20–30 less expensive per night and which are complete dives in comparison to The Cranley.4) A number of the four-poster rooms... but be aware, they are not all fantastic. The larger ones are definitely worth the extra money. However, when I couldn't get one of those on a recent stay, I preferred to downgrade because the smaller ones are significantly smaller and not worth the extra money when compared to some of the lower category rooms.And what do I like less about the hotel?1) Some of the rooms can be very, very small. The Superior Doubles can really be quite a squeeze... if there are two of you. A number of the Single Rooms are obviously even a tighter fit. American tourists—who are used to larger guestrooms than us Europeans—could well be shocked at just how tiny some of them are.2) The lack of a breakfast room—you have no choice but to take your breakfast in your bedroom. That means there's no great buffet spread. Instead, the choice is a little limited. Also, in some rooms, you have trouble finding a place to put your tray. On my last trip, two of us shared a double room... and yet there was only space on the desk for one person to eat. Either the other person has to have breakfast on the bed or you'd have to eat at separate times.3). The Internet access—firstly, it's not free... and I feel that when you're paying around £160 a night, it should be. Secondly, the hotel took ages to get equipped with a Wireless system. Now that it has, the reception is absolutely lousy. They really need to do something to address this problem because it literally takes forever for your Gmail account to come up on the screen. The last time I was there, I ended up having to take my computer down to the reception lounge in order for it to work at an acceptable speed.Every time I go to The Cranley, I'm always aware of its faults, but somehow its advantages always seem to outweigh them. I guess that's why I just keep going back... and why I recommend that other people go there.	
Oct 6 2008 	Really liked The Cranley	We stayed at The Cranley for two nights while in London. The knowledgeable staff was extremely accomodating- we arrived very early in the morning and they offered us coffee, tea and snacks while giving us tips on what we should see and when. Breakfast was complementary and delivered to our room with a newspaper every morning. They also offered complementary cocktails in the lobby every evening. My one and only complaint was that the room and bathroom was teeny tiny, but the bed was super comfortable and the the room was really quiet.	
Sep 25 2008 	decent but pricey hotel	Stayed for 2 nights. I asked for a &quot;family&quot; or &quot;triple&quot; room as I was travelling with 2 teenage daughters. Got a large room in the basement with a foldaway bed (luckily 1 of the girls is small!). The room was actually ok with enough natural daylight to forget its lower ground floor position. However, the major problem was that it was 2 metres away from the kitchen where breakfasts are prepared from 6.30 am each day. It was impossible to sleep with the &quot;pinging&quot; of the microwave going every 30 seconds!The complementary tea and scones were very nice. Reception staff very polite and helpful, didn't meet any other as breakfast was extra and only served in the room. There are plenty of good cafes 3 minutes walk away. Location is perfect, 5 minutes from Gloucester Road tube station and near one of the Hop-on, Hop-off bus stops. Hotel rather pricey, but that seems to be the norm for decent hotels in London nowadays.	
Sep 12 2008 	good hotel good area	We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel. One adult and two teenagers and were given a twin room with extra (very small) bed. The room was in the basement, large for London hotels with an adequate bathroom. The major problem with this room is that it is opposite the kitchen: strong cooking smells at times and from 7:30 am loud noises whilst breakfast is being prepared (try sleeping with the &quot;pinging&quot; noise from a microwave going off every 30 seconds!). We didn't have the breakfast as it seemed overpriced and there are loads of delis/patisseries nearby. However, the complementary tea and scones in the afternoon were lovely. Staff at reception very professional. All in all, good hotel - just ask for upper floor room - and very well located. Price was high, but for London, about average.	
Aug 4 2008 	Returned after 14 years and still loved it!!!	The Cranley was used for a romantic trip in 1994 and I was back this time with my 17 year old son. We loved it. I admit that the first room we received was musty (second floor). I asked right away to switch due to the smell. They could only give us a small room at the bottom for one night with a promise to move us the next day. The one night in the small room was fine. The next day all our things were packed and when we returned at the end of the day we arrived to room 404. Delightful! Great view, large room, clean bathroom and free breakfast and internet. Plus free champagne and snacks at 7pm. The pressed coffee delivered to our door with yogurt and croissants and toast was wonderful. The staff greeted us at the end of the day and was cheery each morning. My favorite little touch: you leave your key with them when you leave and they remember which room you are in upon your return and give you back the big brass old fashioned key. This was an awesome place for an American teenager to experience the English life. Close to the Gloucester Street tube and plenty of restaurants on Gloucester Road for dinner.	
Jul 30 2008 	Good summer deal	I lived in London in the past and wanted my boyfriend to see what the real British life is like as he had never been to London (nor UK) before.When browsing on the internet I found the perfect deal for a stay at The Cranley hotel. With their summer promotion: we got a glass of Pimm's and strawberries on arrivel, before being shown to our beautiful room.We had a wonderful stay and my boyfriend definitely had a &quot;British&quot; experience. By the way, if you can afford it, treat yourself to an Executive room: very pretty, you'll feel like royalty!!	
Jul 28 2008 	Try the Four Poster Bed!!	Just spent a weekend at The Cranley and loved it!I got recommended this little gem by the staff at Son Julià in Mallorca (part of same Stein chain) and can't thank them enough. Got a great deal for a Four Poster room through their web and the difference was really worth the money! The bed was amazing, the bathroom well appointed, the room very spacious and the only but was the size of the TV set... Then again, my girlfriend was so glad about that...We are not big fans of &quot;over the top&quot; luxury, but like to treat ourselves to nice places. Cranley really suited our taste! Thumbs up!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great Stay at the Cranley	We were transferred to the Cranley after our original hotel was overbooked. We went from a three star to a four star hotel. Because of this, I cannot speak to the costs of the Cranley.We stayed in a fourth floor double, as some of the tripadvisor reviewers would call it, up in the attic. We found the room to be average in size, with a great view east over South Kensington. The air conditioner (a rarety for a London hotel) worked well, although we really didn't have need for it as the weather was quite mild. There is a limited number of cable channels provided, maybe 10 or so. There was a minibar in the room as well. The bathroom, which had only a shower, was of decent size. The bed was very comfortable. The elevator only goes up to the third floor, but the additional flight of stairs was not troublesome at all.Breakfast is not included. You can fill out a form and put it outside your door if you'd like to order breakfast and it will be served in your room, as the Cranley has no dining room. The price was 12 pounds (we are not sure if that was per person, or per room) and from the looks of trays sitting outside in the hall, is pretty substantial. Another fee is that internet is available for a cost of 10 pounds per day. The hotel offers free tea in the afternoon and then champagne and hors d oeuvres in the evening.Probably the greatest asset of the Cranley is its location. It is almost equidistant from three different tube stations (South Kensington, Gloucester Square, and Earl's Courtf) and only blocks away from great shopping and restaurants.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great London hotel	The Cranley is a boutique hotel in a great location. Our executive king room was spacious and very clean with a beautiful bathroom. The staff is kind and tries to be helpful, there is not real concierge to speak of and room service is just OK, but there are so many good restaurants in walking distance that it did not bother us too much.	
Jun 25 2008	Nice but...	Be aware that 'renovated townhouse' means that if you aren't staying in the most expensive rooms, you will be staying in the servants' quarters, in the attic. You will be hot, you will be cramped, and you will hump your luggage upstairs, because the elevator won't run up there. If you don't mind a tiny room, tiny bath, tiny bed and tiny closet, you'll be fine!	
Nov 20 2007 	charming elegant and lovely stay	We have just completed an eight-night stay at the Cranley Hotel on holiday to London from the USA. Overall our experience was quite nice indeed and we would certainly consider staying at The Cranley again on future visits to London for business or leisure.PROS: Lobby with fireplace was very welcoming after a day in the brisk cold, well appointed and designed room while snug was very accomodating, some exceptionally friendly and helpful staff, vibrant location with great selection of culture, restaurants and shops - and close to The Underground, invisible and prudent housekeeping, heated towel-rack, offered a snifter of brandy nightly in the lobby, consistent hot water with good pressureCONS: Couldn't figure out how to keep the shower from leaking (no shower curtain, just half-glass partition), one graveyard night auditor was professional but terse and not warm, no wireless internet, 10 quid a day for wired and slow internet access, no ash-trays on front patio	
Nov 19 2007 	My Third Stay	I've now stayed three times at The Cranley... two of them this year. Nothing has changed and I don't think it's for the best. The beds are still soft, overall I'd say the place is close to spotless, and you still have the feeling of being in a private home. Moreso given the rarity of seeing staff, compared to previously. It's still a lovely place but more and more filled with petty annoyances. And relative to a lot of other hotels, it isn't a particularly great bargain anymore. Among the petty annoyances:it's an almost all female staff but a steep flight of stairs in to the lobby. I feel rather guilty asking them to help with the bags. And I don't feel like hauling them myself after a seven to ten hour flight.They've now taken to locking the front dooptably.r all day long. You used to flow in and out during the daylight hours. And at night, you sometimes have to buzz a bit to get anybody at the desk.Tried to make a long distance phone call, needed help; the desk had to check the internet and call me back.No automated wake up call service. Not a hassle if the desk would answer the phone after eleven, which twice they didn't.First night, pillow case with obvious, if tiny, holes in it. Bathroom grout looking a little grotty. Curtains and carpet slightly stained.Third stay, no upgrade... not even a computer system that says hey... this one has been here before. Loss of the Penhaligons toiletries, replaced with these dreadful square plastic bottles that you have to fairly beat to get any shampoo or conditioner out of. I don't blame the maids or they staff for the most part. They've got day to day jobs to do. I think when a charming hotel loses its personal charm it reflects the priorities of the senior manager and the chain management. The Cranley has changed since i became part of a chain. Almost imperceptibly, .you'd have to have known it before to see it. But it has to me now the standards of a place where corporate HQ is more interested in the quarterly results than quality results. If you didn't know if before, when it had great, keen, loads of staff you would stay here and love it. However, it's slid just a bit to me and enough that I'll now look elsewhere for comparable costs and make a choice based on dollar to pound value. I'm by no means automatically ruling it out, I'm just not automatically ruling it in anymore and I was on the verge of thinking of it as my London hotel.	
Nov 10 2007 	Good location; needs refurbishment	The hotel is decorated in English country house style. In line with this it is becoming a little frayed at the edges, (very authentic you might say), but when you're paying GBP170 per night excluding breakfast you expect the requisite improvements to have been implemented. The plus points: good location - close to Gloucester Rd tube and to Old Brompton Road; rooms individually decorated, tho' see previous comments on need for upgrading; staff very helpful and pleasant, especially Lorachan and Marianne. Negatives: the room you get is a lottery, as with all boutique hotels in Victorian London townhouses. I had requested a quiet room, and was given what would have been the attic on the top floor. Probably would have been quiet except it faced the street and there was building work going on next door. I asked to move and Lorachan very helpfully showed me two other rooms, the first of which I liked very much, but I was told that it had been specifically requested by a &quot;frequent guest&quot;, although he had not checked in. The second was on first impressions better than the aforementioned attic, but I later discovered that it was next to the lift, and the noise from its movement, which began at about 7.30 am every day was irritating. I did not ask to move again because I was told that the hotel was full. All in all I have to mark the hotel down because of noise, and the price, (although I appreciate London is ridiculously expensive for hotel accommodation). Also there is no porterage, although it was half-heartedly offered in the beginning, once you've climed up the steps from the street. Unfortunately the lift doesn't go to each floor, as some rooms are on a half landing.	
Sep 5 2007	lovely little Cranley	Firstly - the Cranley does not have a restaurant and you should know that before you go. English people don't really use washcloths, it's an American thing so I am sorry if the lack of one hurt your stay. Similarly if lack of kettle is going to really rile you - stay somewhere else (most top hotels don't have tea making facilities in them)ANYWAY - none of that matters to me. The Cranley is set in a traditional London townhouse, so room sizes vary but all of them are well appointed in a very english comfortable style. The afternoon tea and champagne is a very civilised way to end the day. It's discreet and homely and the bathrooms are gorgeous. My favourite rooms are in the basement. There's plenty to do in the local area if you don't feel like venturing far after a hard day shopping, sightseeing.	
Jul 24 2007 	A Girls' Getaway at The Cranley	My best friend invited me to join her on a business trip to London. We spent five days at The Cranley and found it to be quiet, clean, pretty and welcoming. Our room, a twin-bedded double on the ground floor in the back, was enormous with an equally huge bathroom (&quot;spacious&quot; was the understated word used by the staff person who greeted us). We had three large windows which had no view to speak of but allowed us to enjoy fresh air and sunshine at will, especially since there were no windows across so privacy was not an issue. There was a postage stamp (really!) little garden outside our own private door so we felt as though we were in an apartment, not a hotel room. The staff were reserved and discreet but met our every request (laptop hardware, hairdryer, milk for take-out coffee, taxis, directions) with a &quot;Yes&quot;. Furnishings showed signs of use but were generous in size and well-placed. Breakfast was fine but much too expensive (hence the take-out coffee from Gloucester Road two steps away!). We did not partake of the afternoon tea or drinks and canapes as we were too busy. One night on our arrival after dinner at Chutney Mary (walking distance from the hotel) we found old-fashioned lanterns lighting the steps leading to the front door (flower boxes, however, were empty!?). The housekeeping staff is amazing, that was the most impressive aspect of service at The Cranley. Would I go there again? You betcha! Perfect for Girls and Moms. Guys will have to write their own review! FSD, New York	
Jul 24 2007 	Oh for a cup of tea!	Arrived about mid day and luckily our room was ready. It was small but with a 6ft bed and very nicely decorated. Bathroom had all you need. All very clean too. The room was at the back of the hotel and totally quiet which was wonderful for London! I was however, VERY disappointed that there was no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, which I thought for a 4 star hotel of this price was very poor. The website said that there was complimentary tea and scones in the afternoon and also champagne and canapies in the evening. Sadly this was NOT AVAILABLE for us. We were told that the kitchen was out of action. We suspected that as it was a Sunday, they didnt have the staff. I asked if we could be given tea in our room the next morning instead, and we were told no. We were out in the evening so I have no idea if the champagne was available. Overall, a lovely quiet and comfortable hotel. But not good value for money as everything was extra. We paid £142 and no breakfast.	
Jul 10 2007 	Beyond wildest expectations	My wife and I stayed here during our honeymoon and found it to be beyond our expectations. While planning our trip the hotel always promptly answered my e-mails even with the 7 hour time difference. They offered advice and helped me make reservations for tours and shows before we arrived. When we got there they remembered it was our honeymoon. When we got back the first night they had given us a complimentary romance package and a discount on breakfast the following morning. They allowed us to use one of their front desk computers to check our pickup location for a hotel and were always available to answer questions. Every morning the room was well cleaned and all of the windows opened. When it would rain they would go up and close all the windows for guests who were not in their rooms. I have already recommended the Cranley to three of my other friends.	
Jul 9 2007 	look elsewhere	location was very good, that is all. this hotel is is dire need of a face lift. rooms were very shabby, beds hard and bathrooms needed serious updating...not even a washcloth. for the price, this was no bargin look elsewhere. brooklyn , new york.	
Jun 28 2007 	If only there had been hot water...	This was our second trip to London. I did my research on Trip Advisor and we picked the Cranley - ironically as it would turn out because of the picture of the shower. (The previous place we had stayed had a hand-held shower - something that wasn't mentioned or shown on it's website.) We arrived on Monday morning after an overnight flight and we unable to check in early. But that was OK. After we killed some time gettting to know the neighborhood, they served us tea. Once we checked in the room was great! The decor was nice, the bed was so comfortable, the shower had good pressure to it. It was all great until the boiler broke Tuesday night. They let us know when we returned on Wednesday night about 11pm, that there was no hot water and that they could move us to another hotel for the night, but that London was sold out for Thursday night. We chose to stay as we didn't feel like changing rooms for one night. They did adjust the bill - not by half - but enough that we managed. If the boiler hadn't broken - it would have all been great.A note about breakfast - we never ordered it. Because of the exchange rate we could not justify spending $25 each for breakfast when we could get something better, cheaper on the way to the tube.	
May 14 2007	3rd stay changes	Having stayed here several times I was looking forward to the return. This was a very well located hotel that had a great &quot;at home&quot; feeling. However the prices have gone up (paid over £230 for a double room) making the hotel far too expensive for is offered. It is now the same price as many other hotels in the area and so merely looses its edge over the competition.	
Apr 20 2007 	Bad luck stay at the Cranley	Even a great hotel can have a run of bad luck and we were unfortunate enough to book at the Cranley when things weren't going so well for them. Though the location was perfect, and it was just the sort of boutique hotel I prefer, the day after I arrived, their boiler went kaput and we had no hot water for two days. Clean sheets, hot water, and electric lights are some of the basics you expect from any decent hotel -- and you pretty much demand it when you're paying £200/$400 a night. And not being able to properly shower for two days was a real downer -- certainly not ideal when you're traveling for business. On the second morning I spoke to the staff and advised them to consider how they would handle things when I checked out. I had hoped that they'd be smart and offer a way to make amends before I had to ask. Despite the warning, my bill had not been adjusted in any way. I spoke with the manager who immediately capitulated and cut my bill in half for the two cold-water days. As I waited for my cab for Heathrow, another guest confronted the manager and flatly refused to pay a single pence for his stay. His problem wasn't cold water but a lack of air conditioning and a noisy room. She slashed his bill to zero and sent him on his way with apologies. So it looks like the Cranley was having a tough time when I was there. I don't doubt that it's usually pretty good but I travel to London at least 2 times a year for business and generally stay at Number 16, which was booked this time around. The Cranley didn't win me over. I'll be headed back to Number 16 which is also well situated in South Ken, is also a charming boutique hotel, and has consistently managed to provide me with hot water.	
Apr 17 2007	Good London Hotel	My neice and I spent a week in London during late March/early April 2007 and we spent all seven nights at the Cranley. It was a very nice hotel with pleasant, low-key service, and in a convenient location. Our room was spacious with a nice bath. Our room rate included a very nice breakfast (not hot -- juice, cereal, yogurt, bread basket, and hot beverage) served in our room each morning. It was a pleasant way to start the day. The location was remarkably quiet. Yet it was convenient to many neighborhood restaurants and pubs. We were not far from a tube stop and other conveniences (banks, grocery stores, etc.). Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens, and several museums (e.g., the V&amp;A) were close by and easy to walk to.The only problem we had was that the room sometimes seemed a little warm (some days were warm and others were cool -- the weather was very changeable), but we just opened the large windows. It was never so bad that we pursued it with the staff (there may have been another solution).All in all this was a nice hotel and (I think) a reasonable value for London (I have stayed at other London hotels in the past). I would probably stay there again.	
Dec 28 2006 	good value for money	Stayed 4 nights in a well sized superior double, 1st floor with views to quiet street and opposite building. Spotless clean, nicely designed and high quality linen, towels, bed, etc. Delicious continental breakfast is served to room only. Afternoon tea in tiny but nice lobby but you should insist on that.. they do not automatically offer it. I am sorry to say that staff was from arriving to departing NOT really friendly, professional, attentive. They are disorganised and lack principles of customer service. For example when we ordered afternoon tea 10 min after 5pm the waiter repeated our order by looking at his wrist watch... Check your bill exactly upon check out they tend to make mistakes. All in all: not a bad stay but none to really remember. As always: people make the difference.	
Oct 31 2006 	Wonderful!!!	We stayed at The Cranley for the first two nights of our England / Scotland trip. This was by far the most wonderful hotel we stayed in for the entire trip! Breakfast and newspapers brought to your room in the morning, afternoon canapes, champagne and scotch... wonderful bedding, linens...Found a fabulous price for this hotel on www.ba.com.Very convenient to two different tube stations, many restaurants and pubs. Highly recommend!	
Sep 2 2006 	Incredible service	Spent two nights at The Cranley. At first I was worried since the taxi driver had never heard of the place. Luckily I brought the address. The driver probably hadn't realized it was a hotel, since it is in a residential area and looks like someone's home. It's across from a very nice tree lined area park. Walking into the lobby is really walking into a very nice living room. Instead of checking in at a counter, you sit at a real desk. The formal decorations could seem imitiating, but the staff was very friendly and professional. We were never treated with an even ounce of snobbery, even in our t-shirts &amp; jeans. The room was perfect with quite a lot of storage, drawers, closet, and a nice flat panel tv. The Cranley is in a great location. It is easy to walk to restaurants, shopping, a grocery store, the Underground, but it is still a safe and peaceful place. Although we didn't have time to try it, the hotel offers afternoon tea. I decided to use a taxi to Heathrow, which The Cranley happily arranged for the night before. What a nice surprise that instead of a taxi, it was a Mercedes with a driver that apologized for being 3 minutes late to pick us up. Incredible service by everyone at The Cranley. Great location, great place to stay. Looking forward to going there again.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great Location	We wanted to stay in the South Ken area of London and this was the highest ranked hotel in the area within our price range. The hotel on the whole was very nice but certainly not great. Our room was a nice size with two double beds joined to form a &quot;king&quot;. There were nightstands on either side of the bed. We had a small table with two chairs and a dresser. On the dresser was a flat panel television with the standard dozen channels. The air conditioning had a stale smell whenever we turned it on. Thankfully the location is in a very quiet neighborhood because you can hear every car going by. The bathroom was very small and there was some mildew on the grout between the marble tiles in the shower. The shower drain was partially plugged and as a result, you ended up standing in about 6 inches of dirty water by the end of your shower. The water pressure was great as stated in previous reviews. The towels and linen were first rate. The hotel staff were very courteous and professional.	
Jul 31 2006 	A Great Place To Stay	Just returned from a week stay at the Cranley. It was wonderful in all areas. The hotel itself is very nice. While small, the lobby and reception areas are nicely decorated. Our room was a very good size (Executive Double). Well laid out with excellent amenities. The bed was exceptionally comfortable with great linens and pillows. The shower was probably the most powerful I have ever experienced in a hotel. The staff was also most helpful, although I do agree with a previous review that they are a little standoffish-If that is a word. They were very polite however and helped us many times with reservations and taxis. Afternoon tea and evening champagne are excellent touches, which made our stay even nicer , although we only were able to partake of them a couple times. The walk to the Gloucester Road underground station is 7-8 minutes; very short, and convenient. We found the Cranley to be a great base from which to travel by tube or rail to anywhere in London or other cities in southern England. The neighborhood is really quiet, which we enjoyed. Many, many restaurants and pubs within a 3-5 minute walk. We definetely would recommend the Cranley and would return there on our next trip to London.	
Jul 28 2006 	Great hotel -fantastic location	I stayed here largely on the reviews on this website and when I went in I had the impression of a nice hotel in an out of the way area. Well I don't know what people are talking about but this hotel has the BEST location of any in London that I've stayed at (and that's plenty, I'm there 6x/year for work). Why? Well it's in the best residential neighborhood, South Kensington, around. So if you're looking to be by the touristy stuff and the theaters you wouldn't like it, if you're done with that and want to be around the corner from some of the best restraurants and upscale bars that the locals know about then you're in the perfect spot. It's really incredible. I HATE being around tourists and like to live like the locals do and this place had the PERFECT location.Now the rooms are a little small (I was in an Executive, you wouldn't want to go smaller than that), but they seem recently fully renovated and I thought were as sharp as any Four Seasons except for the size. If you want the biggest regular room in town go to the Sheraton Park Tower. As noted below, there's no bar or restaurant at the hotel, just imagine staying at a townhouse in a posh area of town.The Tube is also not as far away as I gathered from reading these notes, it's 3.5 blocks away. No big deal. I wouldn't have wanted to lug my bag from there, but otherwise it was fine.I have no hesitation staying here again ever, in fact I believe I always will.	
Jul 24 2006 	Cranley is convenient and has character	My wife and I stayed four 5 nights in one of The Cranley's four-poster rooms (607 - ground floor) which looked out onto the street. The room was very comfortable and certainly spacious enough and the big four-poster was very nice to sleep on (plenty of extra pillows). Bathroom a little small but ok with a heated towel rail. It had enough wardrobe and drawer space and a nice big flat screen TV / Cd / DVD opposite the bed (not that we watched much on it). A nice breakfast table with 3 chairs (there was an armchair as well). The room safe worked by swiping any magnetic striped card (e.g credit card) which was a lot easier than remembering a code.Overall we found the hotel had the old-England charm and the personal service that we were looking for. They have the room keys on huge brass weights which you wouldn't want to carry around - the idea is you hand it to them when you go out. The doors lock from the outside by the old-fashioned method!The staff were friendly enough and professional and while it was convenient to have a continental breakfast (i.e. no hot food) delivered to the room you might do better to make the short stroll to Gloucester Road (near the tube) where you could get a nice cooked brekky for half the price. We only used the room service menu once and the club sandwiches were excellent.There are plenty of restaurant options nearby (easy flat walking) as well as a small convenience store 4 doors down and an ATM opposite the tube station.We never made it for the afternoon tea and scones but were regulars for the champagne in the evenings (a generous glass but they could do with more canapes ...). If they recommend the Indian restaurant two doors down give it a miss - it was over-priced, small portions and very ordinary take-away quality. We found a nice Spanish tapas bar further up Gloucester Road.The location is good - it lives up to it's claim of being in a quiet side street (which is not easy to find in a big, busy city like London) and it is an easy, flat walk to Gloucester Road tube station (which can take you straight into the city or directly out to Kew Gardens). One unexpected bonus for anyone touring London for the first time is that both of the most popular open-top bus companies (Big Bus; The Original) have stops at Gloucester Road tube so it is so easy to hop on and off right where you are staying.	
Jul 5 2006 	Believe What They All Write!	Wonderful hotel in a quet area of Kenisngton. My room was excellent, with a large bathroom, a bathtub and shower which made you feel like standing in a waterfall. Bed was excellent. Room had a flat screen TV and a comfortable chair. Breakfast was served as room service only, and it was a slight disappointment that only varieties of continental breakfast was available on the menu.	
Jul 1 2006	Fabulous	This is one of those rare circumstances where I really hesitate to say anything for fear that once people figure out that it is there the price of the hotel will skyrocket out of my budget -- have stayed 2 or 3 places over the years where we knew that it would be the last time we could afford to stay there -- and we were right!The people simply could not have been more lovely and the rooms were fantastic. I was there with my teenage son and daughter and every recommendation they made for us was right on -- unlike the hotel we stayed at in Paris they didn't send us to a 5 star restaurant in our shorts! I am not a big breakfast eater so coffee and some irresistable cookies was fine for me in the morning and of course the kids got up at lunchtime. But my very favorite thing about this hotel -- and I know this is going to sound dumb -- was the incredible sheets. We are from Texas and so naturally came to London during record heat and coming back to that well air conditioned room and those beautiful crisp sheets every day really made a difference to me. Honestly, my expectations were pretty low -- all my prior trips to London have been with my husband whose company travels 5 star and we have ended up in closet sized rooms for $600 a night so I figured for what I was paying at the Cranley it would be barely tolerable. I was so wrong. So book this hotel -- but PLEASE don't tell anyone else!	
Jun 27 2006	Loved the Cranley	We spent 6 nights in June at the Cranley in a 4 poster junior suite with a rollaway for our 15 year old daughter. The room was very charming, spotless, and spacious. We loved the quiet neighborhood and loved the Indian restaurant down the street. The room service staff and housekeeping staff always gave immediate responses. We enjoyed the lovely afternoon tea. The only negatives was having to ask the reception or room service for ice each day as there was no refrigerator in room or ice machine. The concierge/reception staff was ok with answering questions, but great for getting us theatre tickets for Billy Elliot (great show!).	
Jun 12 2006	Fantastic	Have just returned from a one night stay at the Cranley - we could not have enjoyed it more!! Booked on the Friday morning to arrive Saturday. I emailed the hotel as it was a special birthday treat for my partner, asking for a special room - well they only gave us a double upgrade to a Junior Suite with its own private terrace garden.The cream tea is a must, and the champagne and canapes are a pleasant touch.Parking outside is ok, but only after 1.30 on the Saturday which suited us. Plenty of restautants to choose from nearby, but i would suggest a little research first.Would love to go there again and would recommend it to anyone. Without doubt the most friendly hotel i have been to in London.	
Jun 5 2006	A romantic hideaway :-)	I stayed at the Cranley for one night as a romantic hideaway, and it was perfect. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was beautiful, and when we called the reception at 6am saying we were hungry they brought us our breakfast in bed early! I would highly recommend the Cranley for a couple seeking a quiet and cozy retreat for the night.	
Jun 4 2006	Charming Place	The best way for me to describe The Cranley is intimate. It sits on a quiet residential street. We arrived mid morning and were welcomed with coffee and biscuits. We were allowed an early check in, which was great considering our overnight flight. The room was small, but beautiful and immaculately clean .Bathroom was also very clean. We faced the street but didn't have a problem with noise. If you're looking for ammenities in a hotel this is not the place. There is not a restaurant, bar, gym, spa, etc. It is a good 10 minute walk to the Gloucester tube station. The roads in this area were tricky for us as street names change at intersections, and the roads run at angles. There are several restaraunts and pubs on Fulham Rd about a 2 minute walk. Sorry to say, I didn't find any to recommend here. Highlight of the trip was the Lion King at the Lyceum Theatre. It literally took my breath away, it was absolutley amazing. I highly recommend this for adults and children alike.	
May 31 2006 	old world charm	Stayed at the Cranley for a night and found it really lovely -- very old style English with a four poster bed, rich furnishings, antique-style bathroom fittings. Was on a business trip so the bill was being picked up by someone else, so can't comment on whether it's value for money or not. It's just around the corner from the Fulham Road with lots of good bars and restaurants, would be a good spot for a weekend visit.	
Apr 26 2006 	Spotless with excellent service	This is a great place to stay in London - it is on a quiet street in a charming neighborhood close to the Tube, museums and numerous attractions. It is not cheap, but the rooms are spotless and the service is perfect. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but numerous restaurants of all types with excellent food are within a block or two. I have stayed here many times both alone or with my family and have never been disappointed.	
Apr 21 2006 	Oversold hotel	For what we paid we thought it was not brilliant value for money. What puzzled us was the high scoring on some of the recent reviews for the category &quot;Dining&quot; as there is no dining room or even a breakfast room. In view of the high nightly rate we were disappointed and is a case of definite overselling on the internet.Its a very nice 3 star property but no way can this be called 4 star as it has no restaurant or public areas to support its claim.	
Apr 5 2006	As Good as it Gets	We stayed here for 6 days at the end of March/beginning of April on a last-minute deal. I'd been apprehensive because of disappointments on a couple of occasions when I'd chosen a hotel on the basis of reviews posted on this site, but the Cranley fully lived up to its great press.We loved it and will return whenever we're in London. Everything was beyond reproach - the friendly, helpful staff, the five-star service, our lovely room, luxurious bathtowels, delicious breakfasts, great shower, scrumptious afternoon tea - I could go on and on. My only concern is that it'll be full next time I try to book!	
Mar 29 2006	Really nice but small	Stay in this hotel for my birthday weekend in London hotel is very nice but my room was so small, when a mate came over to meet me in my room it was so funy like two of us in a shoe box! have to say that the staff are really nice and very helpful.	
Mar 22 2006	Lovely Hotel if a Bit Quiet	My husband and I ended our 10 day trip to London, Wales, Paris, returning to London and The Cranley for one night before returning home. Our room was well appointed, very comfortable, and tastefully decorated. We felt very much at home and for us, perhaps that was the problem. Early in our tour we spent a few nights in the Theatre District of London and do prefer the dining and activity of that location over the quietness of Covent Gardens. If you seek a quiet location in a residential neighborhood, this beautiful hotel with its comfortable surroundings will suit you.	
Mar 21 2006	Charming attentive service comfortable quarters	I just spent a week here, with my wife and 2 sons, ages 10 &amp; 16. We had 2 rooms, interconnecting; ours with a 4-poster king; the boys with 2 twin beds. The hotel is on a quiet street, a half block from a bus stop, and only a 10 minute walk from either the Gloucester Rd or S. Kensington tube stops. The rooms are beautifully appointed, and quite spacious by London standards. The entire hotel is in immaculate condition, having been recently refurbished. The lobby and sitting area is very comfortable, traditionally and tastefully furnished, if a bit small. The staff is the best I have encountered - gracious, friendly, helpful. We will remember them all fondly, especially Chris, Melanie, Mo and Maria. You will enjoy the nearby pub, the Duke of Clarence, as well as an Indian restaurant next door, Noor Jahan. And the afternoon tea is a most welcome, civilized respite at the end of a day of London sightseeing. I can't recommend this hotel enough!	
Feb 22 2006	Superb small hotel near Museums in West London	Superb small hotel in SW5, beautifully decorated, attentive staff, outstanding continental breakfast included in my room rate; great value for the location and quality. A must from now on.	
Feb 12 2006	charming and comfortable	I spent 5 days at the Cranley together with my wife and our 16-year old daughter - and we'll certainly choose this hotel again for our next trip to London. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms well decorated and the bathroom the best we ever had in a London city hotel. Bina Gardens is a quiet small road in Kensington, 5 minutes to the next tube station. The breakfast is brought by the room service, there is no breakfast room in the hotel. Afternoon tea at 4 p.m. and a glass of champagne at 7 p.m. are served in the (small) lobby, thus giving your stay another personal touch.	
Jan 26 2006	Nice to be treated as a person great hotel/service	Perfect location, valet parking made life even better for those with cars, attentative reception/booking system, and room was very well decorated, great ceilings and what must of have been one of the best showers in a hotel I have ever used. Well done -keep it up and we will return.	
Jan 22 2006	Delightful Jewel.	We spent four nights at The Cranley prior to undertaking a 20 day Insight tour of Europe. We arrived from Singapore at 6am and the staff arranged for an early check in and a hot cuppa. Throughout our stay the staff could not do enough for us, arranging Xmas lunch at a nearby 5 star hotel, theatre tickets and transfers. We stayed in a two room penthouse on the 4th floor and the room was fantastic. On our return from our European vacation we spent another three nights at The Cranley before our long trip back to Australia. This time we stayed in a 4 poster bedroom and the room was magnificient. The bed was soft and luxurious, a far cry from some of the &quot;dumps&quot; we stayed at in Europe. We made sure we got back to the hotel every afternoon between 4pm and 5pm to enjoy tea, hot home made scones jam and cream. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. It is ideally located in a quite street within 7 minutes walking distance from the tube at Gloucester Road. Harrods is only about 15 minutes walk or 10 minutes via the underground. The staff; reception, consierge, were all marvelous and we cannot wait to do a return visit, hopefully when the weather warms up. Very Satisfied Aussies	
Jan 16 2006	Excellent relaxing charming	Excellent, charming, small hotel conveniently situated in South Kensington a few minutes walk from Gloucester Rd. tube station in a private town house. Pleasant, residential area with shops, restaurants and the Natural History as well as the Victoria and Albert Museum nearby.Professional, attentive, friendly and unobtrusive staff. Tastefully decorated, quiet rooms with all the amenities you need. Most relaxing privacy and comfort.No dining and breakfast room. Breakfast being served in your room. Complimentary afternoon tea, in the early evening complimentary champagne, both excellent quality, served in your room or in the entrance hall.General superior quality. Very good price performance ratio.	
Jan 10 2006	Consistently wonderful	Our third visit in three years was as wonderful as the preceding. Enjoyed our four poster room, the quiet of the hotel and its superb staff including the concierge Mo, as well as Melanie and Maria. It is very comforting to come back to the quiet South Ken neighborhood after a day touring and to find a warm welcome, a comfortable room and a caring staff. We look forward to our next visit. The consistently high ratings of this hotel tell you something.	
Nov 30 2005	2nd Stay and returning soon	We stayed at The Cranley again late November and from arriving the staff were polite, helpful and made you feel welcome which so many of the London hotels lack. We opted for the complimentary tea on arrival in our room and only negative is that it took a phone call to reception to remind room service and 25 min wait. Room was lovely, clean and comfortable. Good location for Gloucester Road and amenities. We arrived by car at the w/e and the negative is no parking facilities which is NOT the fault of The Cranley being on a residental street with permit parking restrictions.Breakfast was abound with toast, cereal, fruit (fresh - not from a tin like other hotels!!) tea, coffee and juice, perfect. We are due to return to The Cranley soon for our next visit to London.Price can be expensive however compared to the other hotels we have stayed in for not much less cost, it's worth the extra.Give this hotel a visit!	
Nov 28 2005	It is truly Loverly!	I read TripAdvisor for months before planning our trip to London and decided upon The Cranley. We were not disappointed. Upon booking, the staff recommended a King bed room with space to put a cot in the room for our 16 year old son. (Thank you Melanie for the suggestion!) The room ended up being at the front of the hotel with 3 beautiful floor to ceiling windows facing Bina Street. Plenty of room for the 3 of us. Waking up every morning with promptly served breakfast and tea overlooking a beautiful and quiet South Kensington neighborhood was pure bliss. The room was kept immaculately cleaned with fresh pressed linens, bathrobes and even a walk-in closet. Hairdryer, plush towels, full length mirror, and even an umbrella was provided in our room. The hotel staff, particularly Mo the concierge, is eager to please. Whether you need theater tickets, recommendations for tours...he can do it all.Although I planned most of our trip on the internet, Mo was still a wealth of information on everything including the London tour bus companies, tube tips, restaurant recommendations, etc. The day staff is efficient and courteous. We've stayed in many large 5 star hotels and I have to tell you, I preferred our stay at The Cranley. You are not just a number or a credit card at this hotel. It was so wonderful to walk in the hotel and have someone inquire how your day was, ask if you'd like food or beverage sent up to your room, if they could book dinner reservations, call a cab, etc. How refreshing in a world that is sometimes so impersonal. Thank you to the management and staff at The Cranley for making our stay in London a memorable one. Please strive to keep up the level of personal service I witnessed. When can we return?!! Not soon enough.	
Nov 26 2005	Cranley needs a wake up call	The Cranley offers an excellent location, but proved frustratingly disappointing. A wonderful boutique hotel, with charming rooms and decor, is marred by uncertain service. The well-meaning young staff deserve better training than they have clearly received. And while the rooms are lovely, and the setting delightful, our pleasure in all this evaporated when we found that a personal cosmetics item had been removed from our bathroom during cleaning. It should not be necessary to lock up all of one's belongings before heading out for the day.... There is so much potential in this hotel. But if our experience is any indicator,The Cranley badly needs a wake up call.	
Nov 23 2005	Great Staff Wonderful Hotel	I was supposed to stay at this lovely hotel with my mother and booked a twin-bedded room. Unfortunately, due to illness, my mother was unable to come with me. Upon arriving at the hotel around three in the afternoon, I was invited to sit at the elegant table off the lounge to check in. Upon hearing that I was alone, the young lady checking me in did not attempt to slough me off to a smaller room or to a single. I was also asked if I wanted to pay in dollars instead of pounds. Because my credit card company would have charged me a fee to make the currency convesion, I was very happy to be given the option of being billed in dollars.Another young lady took my bag to the fourth floor. The elevator only goes to the third floor, but it was a short flight of steps to the fourth. She opened the very solid door to reveal a panoramic view of London through the wall of windows at the far end of the room. I was entranced. She also offered to have the twin beds made into a king sized bed, which I declined. The room was beautifully furnished. The sheets are pure white and crisp. The headboard and skirts are of embroidered silk. I had everything I needed including two telephones. The only negatives about the room are that there is not that much hanging space for two women travelers. The bathroom is small, with the toilet set flush (pun intended) between the sink and the door. The water in the shower would sometimes cut out for a moment, but would immediately come back on at the same temperature, so not to worry. There was ample space under the sink on a limestone shelf for toiletries. The housekeeping staff were quick to replenish all of the lovely Penhaligon toiletries. (In the hotel's notebook it related that the son of a former owner of one of the 3 houses which now comprise the hotel owned a perfumery, which was eventually purchased by Penhaligon. For this reason they felt it quite in keeping with the hotel's history to use Penhaligon products.) Another word of warning for this room's bathroom, the heated towel rack can become quite warm...The towels were thick, large and luxurious. As one remembers that when the houses were built, this was probably the maids' quarters, the size of the bathroom was understandable, and the rest of the room and hotel more than made up for a few inconveniences.The staff, at all times, was wonderful. Upon arrival I was offered a much needed pot of tea. Others, arriving in the evening, were offered champagne. Repeat customers were greeted like old friends. Upon check-out, the young man at the front desk made me promise to return, as did the Lithuanian chambermaid, the night before. It was with great sadness that I left.Another staff kindness was performed by a young man who went to the local wineshop to see if they carried the excellent Sauvignon de Toraine poured by the hotel as part of the room service. I did not ask him to do this, he volunteered. Other staff members would offer me services, which I hadn't even thought of. Everyone was sincere and kind.Speaking of room service, two nights I ordered a sandwich and a glass of wine to be sent up to my room. The prices were reasonable and the service prompt and efficient. I loved the wine! The second time I splurged and ordered the Tart Tatin- an upside-down apple tart. This turned out to be one of the best Tart Tatin I ever tasted. My last evening I invited two friends up to my room for dessert. Of course we had the tarts, and they agreed that they were wonderful.I so enjoyed the afternoon tea that was served either in my room or in the lounge, where I could enjoy the comings and goings of the other guests. In the evenings, a fire blazed on the hearth, and an excellent champagen poured. The staff would come around with a silver platter of hors de ouvre. My favorite was the soft herb cheese mounded on a blini and topped with chopped dill and a half a cherry tomato. Pure bliss.The neighborhood is lovely. The hotel sits on a quiet residential street, but close to the Old Brompton Road. There are a number of cafes and restaurants in the neighborhood. I felt quite safe wandering around looking for blue plaques. Of note is Gilbert's house of Gilbert and Sullivan fame in a nearby street and &quot;The Boltons&quot; an eliptical garden with grand white houses bordering a green park set in the middle with a golden limestone church complete with a pointed steeple.On TripAdvisor's London Forum, some people have noted that some 5 star reviews may be fake. The suggestion has been made that reviewers include the name they post under. I post under the name Berkeleytraveler and I loved this hotel!Cheers!	
Nov 18 2005	The Best Yet	Stayed for one week. Room was pristine, comfortable and climate controlled. Hotel staff were extremely cordial and accomodating, assisted in making arrangements for transportation, theater, special meals. Lovely cozy atmosphere convenient to tube and attractions. Frequent traveller to London and by far this is my favorite hotel (have previously stayed at 5 star hotels that don't come close in service and comfort).	
Nov 12 2005 	Home away from home	Spent 2 weeks at the Cranley when I was in town for an extended business trip. Not a hotel for one used to extensive facilities, but more aptly described as a boutique hotel with the cosyness of a B&amp;B.The interior is quintessentially British, a little dated, but reminiscent of the halcyon days of an earlier era. The history of the hotel and the former residents of the 3 seperate homes which now constitute the hotel (included in the hotel information package) says it all.Loved the hotel's umbrellas and Penhaligon's toiletries. Nice touches.Staff were pleasant and personable. Breakfast was served promptly. Above all, the rates are very reasonable for a residence in the upscale South Kensington environs.I highly recommend this place with a slight tinge of regret for fear that it will be full when I plan my next trip to London.	
Nov 8 2005	Cranley is Wonderful	Stayed at the Cranley for only one night. It was such a wonderful place...I wish I had opted to stay longer. The Cranley, located in the lovely South Kensington area of London, is more like an elegant private residence than a hotel. The staff was very courteous and honored my request for a room with two beds (twins) and a late check-out. The Cranley's rooms have beautiful high ceilings, huge windows and flat screen tvs. The bathroom was a bit small, but well appointed (with Penhaligon's toiletries). The complimentary tea service at 4:00 p.m. and champagne/canape service at 7:00 p.m.---made my friend and I feel like we were family.The Hotel is an easy walk from the South Kensington Tube station and seemingly miles aways from the &quot;hub-bub&quot; of the big city (but in actuality it is only a few tube stops from many of London's major attractions).	
Nov 6 2005	Home away from home ... only BETTER!	After reading other glowing reviews of this hotel, and looking at the hotel website, I booked a room here for my London vacation -- I wanted pampering and comfort. From beginning to end, my hotel stay was just brilliant, and just what I wanted. The entire hotel (a converted townhouse in South Kensington) is elegantly and consistently decorated, with a wonderful Victorian feel, but still light and airy. The room was as beautiful as in the photos I'd seen; the bathroom was huge, elegant, and totally modernized and convenient. Afternoon tea is included, served right in the room. There's no dining room, but there is room service, and the hotel is half a block from a bewildering array of excellent restaurants, coffee shops, and other stores. (And free wireless Internet in the lobby!) A few blocks' walk takes you to the Gloucester Road tube station, so access is easy. But best of all is the friendly, helpful yet unobtrusive staff. They're what really makes the place feel like home. From now on, this is THE place for me to stay when I'm in London.	
Oct 25 2005 	Definitely our new favorite London hotel	We booked the hotel through --- and got an amazing deal of USD 133 per night which included all taxes and breakfast. But the listed rate of USD 240 is worth it as well. Located on a quiet street in fashionable South Kensington, the Cranley is an enjoyable 25 minute walk to Trafalgar Square or 20 to Buckingham Palace. There are smart cafes nearby and a few very cozy local pubs for lunch, dinner, or just a beer. Because the hotel is boutique (38 rooms) the service is personnable and attentive. Our room was spacious, appointed with a beautiful dresser, 4 poster bed, flat screen tv, attractive night stands on each side of the bed, bathrobes and slippers. Afternoon tea looked great although we didn't have time and the evening champagne was excellent by the fireside. Truly a lovely spot in a great location.	
Oct 12 2005	Brilliant hospitable friendly hotel	Though we only stayed a night here, we'd have no hesitation to spend many nights at the Cranley; for the rate we paid, I cannot imagine better accomodation. (British Airways Vacations - 119USD/double, reg 395USD) We arrived early in the morning on an overnight flight from Toronto, and had initially inquired as to whether we could drop off our luggage - our room was ready for us almost upon arrival, as was coffee and tea. The room, though small, was sumtuous - well appointed, clean, quiet, and cozy. Air conditioning was welcome as well, with the early October temperature nearly 25 celsius!After exploring the immediate area, we returned for a full and proper afternoon tea served in our room, and later that night, champagne was offered (Lanson, I think) - The staff made extra effort to assist with all out needs,literally from the moment we checked in until check-out; friendly, personal service, great location - staying at the Cranley started or London vacation off perfectly.	
Sep 25 2005 	The Cranley - London Not worthy of praise	Date - September 25, 2005Reviewer - British Diplomatic WifeWhat a letdown, perhaps the Italian guests booking out early should have been a warning. First they grumbled about my internet booking, as a Diplomatic wife the internet is the quickest way of booking a room when I am abroad, if they don't like internet bookings take themselves off it but don't take it out on me. The tea I was offered whilst I was waiting for my room, which was not ready even though it was after 2 o'clock came with milk that had soured. Not a good start.Then, when all I wanted after a long journey was a refreshing shower to revive me, it didn't work, they said they would see to it, I even went out for a while so it could be done but I came back even more hot and sticky to find it had not been fixed. I was not offered another room, and had to make do with time consuming bath's, very inconvenient when you are on a tight schedule.This is not what I expect from a four star hotel. They were quick enough to swipe my Credit Card despite having paid with my internet booking so be warned. I notice most of the other reviews are from American's and Canadian's, and it is obvious that their custom commands a lot of the hotel's business, but I feel all guest's should be treated equally, and this was not the case in my opinion. The hotel has no proper bar and you cannot make a drink in your room. On the plus side it is a stylish hotel in a lovely location, with pleasant if inefficient staff.	
Sep 23 2005	Friendly hotel	My wife had booked a room at the hotel Cranley ,as we were very impressed with pictures on the website and especially my wife was very excited to stay at The Cranley.As I was not sure of meeting her due to my changed business plan.But fortunately I made it.When I joined my wife in the evening ,I went to the hotel and enquired ,on my arrival they offered me glass of champagne and the staff was very friendly.The room was spacious, clean with good and fresh linen.In the evening we had drinks at the Honesty bar.The decor of the hotel really imperessed me.Breakfast is only continental but we had our breakfast at the near by coffee shop.The hotel is situated near to the gloucester road tube station and there are quiet few restuarants near by.The staff had recommend me an Indian restaurant just 10 yards from the hotel.Dominik and M'mood were really very friendly.I can recommend this hotel and give 10 out of 10.	
Sep 13 2005	perfect london hotel	a friend and i spent 2 nights here in september - what a great choice! after flying overnight and arriving at 10am, we were thrilled to have our room ready and waiting for us to shower and refresh a bit before setting out for the day. the hotel is adorable - on a quiet residential street perfectly located to explore the city. very close to the gloucester road underground station, which is also conveniently on the same line that goes to heathrow. everybody at the hotel was extremely pleasant and helpful with directions, reservations and suggestions. the room was a bit musty, but there were 2 big windows we were able to open to air things out a bit. the room was much much bigger than i expected with ample space to spread out. the bathroom was a good size as well and everything was very clean. the afternoon tea was delicious - the scones were just perfect and it was a great pick me up after getting back from wandering the city all day. considering how expensive all london hotels seem to be, this seems like a great value to me, and i would definitely recommend it to anybody travelling to london.	
Sep 1 2005	I can understand why so many people like this place	We stayed at The Cranley this August, booking through an internet website into their lowest priced double room (not by choice - the more expensive rooms were sold out). We chose The Cranley because it was in South Kensington, where we needed to be (we were visiting our daughter who was spending the summer in London in Kensington) and because of the reviews on this website. Still, we were a little apprehensive that by booking through the internet, we would end up with an inferior room or situation, and we were also mindful of a few negative reviews.Let's cut to the chase: We loved this place. It was well located in a quiet neighborhood just off of Old Brompton Road, about 1/4 mile west of the S. Kensington tube stop, 1/4 mile east of Earl's Court, and 1/4 mile south of the Gloucester Road tube stop. The staff was very excellent - helpful and eager to help. The hotel provides a complimentary tea service in the late afternoon (which comes with scones, clotted cream, sliced strawberries and jam) either in the lobby, in your room, or out front (on two wooden tables in the front of the hotel). As a friend of mine once said, any culture that places such love and care on the ceremony of drinking tea is all right by me. The Cranley's daily tea was something we looked forward to every day we were there -- absolutely charming and delicious. They also offered champagne and h'or deurves in the early evening every day (we only did that once due to other commitments, but it was also very nice). We ate breakfast in the close vicinity of the hotel (there are several excellent choices within short walking distance), had a very nice Indian dinner right around the corner (in fact, there are 3 very nice Indian restaurants within a few hundred feet of the front door), and in general found the location to be very convenient. As for the room, it may not have been up to the level of a five star hotel -- one with daily room rates that are 3 to 4 times as high -- but it was not at all shabby or inadequate . . . quite the opposite. Our room was small and faced a back alley. I saw a nicer room on the front side of the hotel - it was larger and had a nicer view but was otherwise basically the same (remember, we booked the cheapest room they offer as a double, through the internet). The larger rooms up front are not all that much more expensive than the one we booked, and are probably worth the extra money -- had they been available, we would have booked them in the first place (or upgraded when we got there) . . . it was not to be. That said, the room was fine. Though small, it was very comfortable and immaculately clean, had an excellent bed, a very nicely appointed bathroom and all of the other amenities the hotel offers. It was quiet and very comfortable, which is all my wife and I look for in choosing a relative bargain hotel in a major European city. In London, you can do a lot worse for $250 night (140 British Pounds) which is what we effectively paid. Frankly, it surpassed my expectations and, even with the small size, was charming.Anyway, we really liked this place and will definitely stay here again, probably springing for one of those four poster bed rooms - I snuck a peek when the chambermaid was cleaning the one next to ours, and it looked really nice. I recommend this hotel without hesitation to anybody who would be happy in a smaller room with high end appointments, in a location that is in a charming neighborhood outside of central London, and which is a little eclectic by comparison to a traditional, ultra-fancy five star hotel.Cheers!	
Aug 25 2005	I wish I lived there....	WOW!!! All I can say is WOW! I stayed at the Cranley in London last June and it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in, and I usually frequent the Four Seasons. The best thing about the Cranely is their customer service. They make a point to get to know you on a first name basis. The rooms are extremely clean. And I'm a germ phobe. I usually hate hotels because I don't think they are clean enough. What's even better is the food, it's fresh and very GOOD!!! I miss the Cranley and wish I was there now.	
Aug 20 2005	We wouldn't stay anywhere else! The Cranley is perfect!	We were looking for a hotel in London that was small, in a quiet location, and with easy access to museums and shops. We also wanted a hotel that had personalized service and luxury accomodations. Our goal was to find a place we would want to come back to again and again when visiting London. The Cranley truly met all of our needs and is one of THE best hotels we have stayed at while traveling throughout the UK and Ireland. Everything was so perfect, that I'll need to break it down to cover the details: Staff: The staff at the Cranley is supurb, frequently going above and beyond what you would expect. They get to know you on a personal basis, remembering your names and itinerary, and helping with anything you require. On a daily basis Maria and Rob gave me detailed directions and instructions on how to get to where I needed to go, printing up maps and train schedules when I needed them, while also giving helpful advice about the various activities in and around London. Dominik Birzele, the Duty Manager, was exceptionally helpful with room reservations through email, keeping me updated right up until our trip. He helped with information and taxi reservations, as well as a room upgrade to a four poster that overlooked Bina Garden St. His professionalism and helpfulness was truly appreciated. We also cannot say enough about the friendliness and assistance we received from Melanie, Maria, Rob, and Parvo. This staff works great together, and it showed! Every day we were offered tea and scone(delicious!) service in our room, and every night there is champagne and canapes available in the sitting room. We loved these elegant touches.Room: Our room was so lovely! A beautiful four poster bed that was covered with a wooden tester that had silk shantung detailing underneath and linen drapery. Soft luxurious Frette sheets added a very special touch, and comfy wool blankets with lots of pillows. I could have stayed in bed all day! Our room had great appointments and antiques, a flat screen television, writing desk with computer hookups, and lots of extra touches like baskets of apples and a newspaper daily. We loved this room! The room service breakfast was delicious, although we generally just prefer coffee in the morning, so we only ordered it once.Bathroom: The bathroom was beautiful, well appointed and very clean. We loved the Victorian fixtures, contrasting with the modern detailing. We had lots of big puffy towels, and a friendly maid came around every night to ask if we needed more. Penhaligon's bath products were a nice touch, and unlike most hotel amenities, we actually used them! Also included are soft bathrobes and slippers.Hotel and neighborhood: The Cranley is located on a quiet residential street where noise is at a minimum. It is so well located, that it is just a short walk to shops, restaurants, and the tube, but once you turn the corner on Bina Garden St., you walk into an oasis of calm. I loved exploring this neighborhood. Beautiful townhouse, gardens, and a great neighborhood feel. The Hotel is as beautiful on the outside as it is on the inside, and fits in well with the neighborhood. Our favorite restaurant was Noor Jahan, an Indian restaurant just down the block, with exceptional food. We also enjoyed Star of India, and a great fish and chips shop further down the street. There are two tube stops nearby, we tended to use the Gloucester Road stop more than the South Kensington stop, which is a bit further away. The walk to the tube was pleasant and quick, and we had no problems with tube service. We stayed shortly after the second bombing, but felt that the tube was safe and it certainly was very easy to use.What to see: The Hotel was in walking distance to many of the sites we wanted to see. We walked to Kensington Palace and Gardens, Hyde Park, the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Natural History Musuem, and Harrod's. We took the tube to the Tower of London, and a boat ride from the Tower to Westminster Abbey. We also took a rail train out to Hampton Court Palace, which took about 30 minutes, and was well worth the trip. the gardens at Hampton Court are something to see! London has so much to see and do, we will have to take several trips to fit it all in!The Cranley will now be our home away from home in London. We loved this little hotel and it fit all of our needs. The Cranley is a true gem, and we are already planning our next trip back!	
Aug 15 2005	A wonderful find	The rave reviews this charming hotel has received are all true! This is a wonderful, quaint hotel with a very friendly, helpful staff. We spent three nights here on the first leg of our honeymoon in Europe. We loved it so much, that we came back and spent another 2 nights on the last part of our trip. The Cranley is located on a nice quiet street, with fantastic restaurants just a few doors down. The rooms are beautifully decorated with antique furniture and oil paintings on the walls. I have nothing but positive things to say about this marvelous hotel.	
Aug 4 2005	Shhh...don't tell anyone.	I hesitate to write this in fear that it will be overrun and/or its rates go up. We had never stayed in a residential section of London before but loved it. It took a bit getting used to; its quite a hike to the tube but there are wonderful restaurants within ten minutes walk. Our room wasn't ready so they quickly served us coffee out in the little patio area. By the time we finished our first cup we had the room. This was one of the cheaper rooms but very, very nice. No restaurant here but a nice continental breakfast is brought to the room. The staff here is amazing. Say hello to Moe to bellman for me.	
Jul 19 2005	Superb!	Just retrurned from a 5 night stay at the Cranley. The rooms although on the small side are spotless and very comfortable. The staff are friendly and very professional...they couldn't do enough for us. The Cranley is well situated, close to two tube stations. (We were a bit leary of using the tube because of the recent bombings), and so used cabs extensively. (A bit on the expensive side).There are several fine restaurants and pubs, all within walking distance.We would not hesitate to recommend the Cranley and will definitely stay there again on our next trip to London.	
Jul 17 2005	A wonderful little hotel	The Cranley is a wonderful little hotel well situated near some excellent restaurants, a choice of two tube stops and within hiking distance of Kensington Park, the V&amp;A, Science Museum, and Harrods.We stayed in the &quot;four poster&quot; room and found it spacious for a family of three.The staff is delightful and helped make our stay in London a perfect vacation.	
Jun 19 2005	We give it a 10!	We deceided to stay at The Cranley based on Trip Advisor comments and on our desire to stay in a quieter location. We were not dissapointed. Our room was lovely, our bed was most comfortable, and the towels were the thickest. Upon our arrival at 5:00 pm the staff was abble to secure us 5th row seats for the 7:30 performance of Mama Mia and arrange a tour for the next morning. We really enjoyed Noor Jahan, the little Indian resturant down the street. We look foward to our next visit.	
Jun 13 2005	A little Gem	LocationA nice quiet side street about 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube station. About 10 minutes walk to the Brompton Road ( Armani, Harrods etc ). There’s a main road at the end of Bina Gardens where it’s easy to hail a cab (all the taxi drivers we used to get back to the hotel didn’t know of The Cranley, but they did know Bina Gardens ).Secure parking is about 5 minutes walk away and easy to find. There is limited parking on the street ( OK for dropping off / picking up cases ).StaffExactly what I hope for from this type of hotel – friendly, polite and discrete. Unlike some other top hotels I’ve stayed at in London the staff don’t have a “superior” attitude.Room service was prompt, the staff straight in and out ( none of this hanging around, little cough and the hand held out ). RoomWe stayed for 2 nights in June 05 in room 407 ( Penthouse Suite ). For £300 per night ( + VAT ) in central London it’s a bit of a bargain. The room was light, pristine and spacious. The bed was supportive but still soft, there was a choice of feather ( soft ) or synthetic ( more supportive ) pillows in the room as well as a couple of extra pillows if you really needed them.The lounge had rooftop views across towards the Thames ( you can just make out Big Ben and the London Eye ) and came with a TV &amp; DVD player ( there was a second TV in the bedroom ). There was access to a small roof terrace with a couple of chairs and a table.Although not large the bathroom was spotless, the shower adjusted easily for pressure &amp; temperature. The only downside was when the shower was at full power some water tended to splash onto the floor. The towels were large and soft.Robes, slippers and an umbrella were all provided in the room.Food and drinkWe had breakfast our room both mornings, served at exactly the time we’d requested. For £10 each the Continental breakfast seems a bit over priced – there is a good choice of teas, the coffee was good but the food was very average,Afternoon tea, included in the price, consisted of very nice warm scones, clotted cream, finely chopped fresh strawberries and a selection of jams and of course a pot of tea.I believe that Champagne and canapés are served in the evening ( again, included in the price ), unfortunately we were too busy to try them.The hotel were kind enough to give us a bottle of champagne because as they explained we were staying for 2 nightsOverallWould we recommend this hotel – definitely. Would we stay there again – we’re already planning the next trip !	
Jun 6 2005	Great in executive room or better	Wonderful deep squidy duvet on four poster bed. What more could a girl want at the end of a long day? A vodka orange? Delivered to her door? Perfect.	
Jun 6 2005	Cranley one of London's best kept secrets	We stayed at The Cranley for two nights at the end of May on a special romantic package which included Champagne and other small luxuries, having read the reviews on this site I can honestly confirm that the Hotel more than lived up to it's expectations. The room was beautiful with one of the comfiest beds I have ever slept in, my only criticism would be the small bathroom but in London this is always a problem and my partner has his own plumbing and heating company so he is super fussy about the facilities, but having said that they all worked and were very clean and well presented. The bank holiday monday was sunny in London so we took our champagne out into the front garden and with it came some lovely fresh canapes which they made specially for us, which was a lovely touch.Breakfast in the room was good but I have to agree with one of your other reviewers that a cooked option would have been very welcome however the luxury of sitting in your own room eating with the one you love in fabulous surroundings more than made up for this to us!!!Okay this hotel is not cheap but it is select and the staff are really excellent especially the night porter who serves the biggest gin and tonics I have ever had...so if you fancy treating yourself and spending some time with your special person do give the Cranley a try-we are looking forward to our next visit.	
Jun 2 2005	All that we could have wished for!	The Cranley Hotel offered us everything we had hoped for in a London hotel: first-class amenities, a hospitable staff, accomodations that are tastefully British without being stuffy, and a quiet residential neighborhood removed from noisy traffic, yet still accessible to main attractions. The Cranley not ony fulfilled these requirements but went beyond them in providing us with an unforgettable London experience. And this was due mainly to the incredible staff. Maria O. and Andre, in particular, went above and beyond in helping us on every level. We will definitely stay here on all future London trips.	
May 23 2005	better than the dorchester	my husband stays at the dorchester when he is on business and certainly has no complaints for its decor, staff or service...however, i chose the cranley from a small and elegant hotels website for a pleasure trip for our family. after spending a week in italy it was great to come into a warm and intimate hotel w/ superb service...even though it wasn't tea time they could see we were tired and arranged to serve us in the cozy public room that a few people complained was too small....we love it that way!!! our room wasn't large but the bed was soooo comfortable and the decor was soo my taste (wish i could purchase some of the prints)...the hotel must not have been busy since they gave my teenage daughter a room of her own on the same floor at no extra charge to us!!!! yes, that room was tiny but perfect for a single traveler...our breakfast was a feast compared to the hard rolls and nutella(which i like) that came w/ our hotel in florence...happily my husband checked and his company will allow him to stay at the cranley over the dorchester!!!	
Apr 20 2005	Lovely Hotel with Wonderful Service!	From before we left for England to the minute we checked out; the Cranley made the experience wonderful.... The staff was more than helpful, going the extra mile to insure our happiness and comfort. The concierge took care of all of excursions with promptness and great advice. The management, having been in touch with me by email before our arrival, was waiting for us and even allowed us to choose the room we wanted since our arrival was so early in the day! From the moment of our arrival, we felt like royalty!The accommodations were lovely, nice beds, linens, beautiful furniture. Very quiet street for being in such a good location. The complimentary tea each afternoon, the champagne each evening, gave the hotel a very elegant, yet comfortable feel. Great location, very safe, and a short 5 minute walk to the Tube.I was traveling with my 18 year old daughter, and The Cranley made our trip to London fabulous. The concierge's recommendations from day trips to local excursions were invaluable.I can't wait to return to London, and the Cranley.	
Apr 9 2005	The Cranley was a highlight of our trip to London	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our week at the Cranley. Our daughter is studying in London and the Cranley's location was close to her. The staff welcomed her visits and graciously added provisions to our lovely afternoon teas. All the staff were eager to help in any way. We found the parlor to be a very nice place to sit, although our room was spacious and so we chose to enjoy our tea there. We would definitely chose the Cranley again.	
Apr 5 2005	Rather twee	As a regular visitor to London, from the English &quot;provinces&quot;, my travelling companion and I keep an eye on Tripadvisor hotel reviews and happily try out hot tips for ourselves. The Cranley has been well tipped for months; but we were a little disappointed. I quite understand that our US cousins will find in the cosiness what they might imagine to be a quintessential Englishness. The open fire in the drawing room, the mannered feeling that you are in somebody's house rather than a hotel - yes, but in a style that no real person has lived for 2 generations or more. Of course this doesn't matter; all hotels have something of the film set about them, but as an English couple we weren't really interested in reliving an Edwardian period piece. First of all, the rooms are small, even by London standards. No tea/coffee making facilities is a big disadvantage nowadays although the room service is excellent. Rather a meagre breakfast was served - commented on by many of your reviewers. It wasn't so much that we found anything wrong with the place; only that we thought the hotel to be average for the price and location. The management do have, and keep, very high standards and I applaud this. We felt we would happily return if circumstances dictated, and we have certainly stayed in far worse places over the world, and indeed in London. But I doubt that we will go back.	
Mar 31 2005	A great townhouse hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Cranley in November. I first became aware of the Cranley through a Luxury Link auction. There was a very nice sounding auction offer at a good price. I checked the hotels website and they had the very same offer through the hotel, without the uncertainty of booking an auction trip. I did not book the 50pound canopy bed upgrade. We arrived at the hotel at 11:30 am and begged to be able to check in. the only room available was in the basement with a view of some water tanks or something and a low ceiling. We had the choice of waiting till 3:00 or upgrading. We asked to see the better room (the 50 pound upgrade) and were shown to a truly lovely spacious 2nd floor room with hight ceilings and huge windows. The upgrade was worth every penny!! The service was superb, the Penhaligon's toiletries were divine. Our package included a bottle of champagne and canapes, afternoon tea and other goodies. I would happily stay there again.	
Mar 20 2005 	Above avaregae for a 3 star but lacks facilities	We stayed at the Cranley in February whilst attending an exhibition at Earls Court which from the Cranley is very easy to get to.Staff are very helpful, the beds are excellent and the hotel is very clean. However there is a downside in that there is no privacy there except for in your room as the lounge is basically a passage to the reception desk. I would stay there again if it were not for the fact that at that sort of price there are hotels in the immediate area offering better facilities i.e The Harrington or Baileys.In my opinion its a VERY good 3 star and as such should offer a more realistic price for this category. At the sort of money that it is to stay there then I expect more extensive facilities than are offered at this hotel, I especially missed the option of having a full english breakfast or even a healthy one.If they sacrifised one or two ground floor bedrooms to utilize as a proper lounge / breakfast room then I may reconsider.	
Feb 16 2005	A special occasion made even more special	We recently stayed in The Cranley to celebrate my husband's birthday - a special occasion made even more special by our choice of hotel. We had the penthouse suite - yes - expensive but based on our experience of UK and especially London hotels, definitely worth the money. The hotel's reception area is small as is the lounge but as we have never regarded the public spaces of a hotel as the place we want to hang out, it suited us fine. Afternoon tea in our room on arrival, champagne and delicious canapes before dinner, a Bailey's after dinner chatting to the wonderful reception staff, genuinely thoughtful recommendations for places to eat - all little touches that made the weekend memorable. This is a boutique hotel - thus it does not have enormous public spaces and 5 star facilties. But the quality of the service is what makes it, in our opinion, worth the investment The continental breakfast is pleasant but could have a little more variety but that is a tiny criticism of an otherwise excellent hotel. And they make a GREAT cup of tea!	
Feb 10 2005 	Review of the Cranley	This hotel's mainly rave reviews make it an easy target for critisism. I stayed there recently with my wife and in all honesty whilst we agreed its generally a &quot;nice and comfortable&quot; hotel, we could not fully agree with the highly enthusiastic reviews that it receives every few days. Its very clean and the beds are very comfortable but at the prices it charges I would expect that anyway. Its akin to a boutique bed and breakfast with effectively no public areas to speak of and not even a breakfast room. As such its very confined and you are aware of people all around you by way of creaking floorboards and stairs adjacent to most rooms. Furnishings are antique style and bathrooms are victorian style ( very nice actually) but there is no actual theme to the furnishings, its a mixture of periods. The one thing that I did not like and why I will not stay again is the confined lounge where its absolutely impossible to have any privacy whatsoever, at a guess its about 5 metres by 4 metres and is also the main access to and from the hotel. If the Cranley charged say 90-100GBP a night with tax and breakfast then I may be more enthusiastic but at the rates it charges I think there are far better alternatives to be had. I therefore have to score it only 2 on the Tripadviser rating as i can not justify the cost in realtion to the facilities on offer. Sorry Cranley but you do nothing for me ! 	
Feb 6 2005	The best	We live in Edinburgh and visit London regularly for business and pleasure. We like to stay near Kensington as the Piccadilly line of the underground is handy for Heathrow and all the attractions of central London. Recently because of trip advisor reviews we booked into the Cranley instead of the chain holtels we usually use. What an experience! This hotel is situated in a quiet side street less than 5 minutes walk from Gloucester road. The room was beautiful with an exceptional bathroom and fine linens. The toiletries were expensive. The staff all seemed to know our names. Whenever we returned they asked about our day, and were happy to make recommendations. We were offered a drink, or tea on arrival, and best of all was daily afternoon tea with delightful warm scones, cream and even chopped strawberries. All this, the champagne and canapes served in the early evening, the dailty newspaper, and the delightful breakfast, served in the room were included in the room rate. I stay in hotels frequently and rarely enjoy a croissant. The Cranley has cracked that too- these are warm, buttery and crumbly as they are meant to be. Staying at the Cranley is like staying with a friend but with no obligation to help tidy or cook. I can't wait for my next visit.	
Feb 2 2005	Overrated ?	I am at a loss. We stayed at the Cranley based on the reviews on Tripadvisor paying around 155 GBP a night for a superior room. We are very regular users hotel accommodation throughout Europe and I think I expected a smaller version of say the Majestic in Barcelona.How disappointed I was, there is not even water in the room which at that price is not on. The lounge is very small and is shared with the Reception Dek so that the receptionist is privy to every conversation. There is not even a breakfast room. The tiny TV set in the room was housed in a huge old wooden cabinet which did not even match anything else.We stayed on the lower ground floor, from 6 am onwards we were continually distrurbed by noise from the admin office and cleaners room which was located nearby. Also, every time the guest above walked about this room the floorboards creaked.This hotel pretends to be something it is not, I am amazed at the reviews. For that price there are far superior boutique hotels to be had and I have even stayed in better value supposed 3 star properties in London.	
Feb 1 2005	I'll take the Cranley over any other London hotel	My wife and I stayed at The Cranley for a long weekend in January and were more than pleased. We had originally booked at another hotel, but after reading mixed reviews on this web site, we decided against our original choice and went with the Cranley.Highlights:1.Located in a quiet neighborhood setting in central London2.Easy (and cheap) access from Heathrow on the Piccadilly Line / Gloucester Rd. station (40 mins from the airport + 5 minute walk to the hotel)3.Complimentary afternoon tea and evening champagne4.Personal and attentive staff make you feel like you are a personal friend with their concern for your comfort and personalized recommendations, etc.5.You could spend all your time in the neighborhood between the small boutiques, restaurants, and looking at the beautiful homes6.The rooms and bathrooms are amongst the cleanest I've seen in a hotelLowlights:1.The map that the hotel provides on their website (walking instructions from Gloucester Rd Station) is poor (at the time of the writing of this review). It really is easy to get to the hotel, however it is located on a small side street which is not clearly detailed on the map (which only shows main streets) and most locals didn't know exactly where the street was. The hotel would be best served by posting a better map and written directions as to what streets to turn down, etc. That said, it really is easy to get to once you know where they are located.2.The automatic door closers on the room doors need to be adjusted, as they tend to slam when they close. I mentioned this to the gracious staff and they assured me that they will make the appropriate adjustments to the tensioning devices.3.You can hear some creaking in the floors above you, so if you are shelling out full price on a suite, request the top floor.The highlights far outweigh any of the lowlights. For those of you who are looking for posh, high glamour, or an address with snob appeal, this is not the place. The hotel is located in a neighborhood, surrounded by luxury flats, townhouses, etc. So like you would expect from a neighborhood setting, after dark, things get quiet - but that is the good part. The hotel is convenient to everything and so when you want to come back and relax, nap, or sleep, the Cranley's neighborhood location is peaceful and ideal for relaxation.Of worthy mention: The Abbaye restaurant around the corner serves pub / Belgian food and was excellent. Patisserie Valerie at 215 Brompton Rd. near Harrods serves an exceptional lunch and pastries that are incredible. Lastly, when it looks like all of the stores shut their doors on Sunday, take a walk down Fulham Road (another easy walk from the Hotel). The boutiques and restaurants are all open and are worth the visit.	
Jan 31 2005	Perfect	We choose the hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and were thrilled with the result.The room was well decorated and spacious.The Service is outstanding .All the staff was extremely polite and they went out of their way to make our stay a pleasant one.The Hotel is also very close to the Underground and lots of very good restaurants.A wonderful experience I would definitely recommend staying @ The Cranley	
Jan 26 2005	Excellent hotel with great staff	Hotels such as the Cranley restore my faith in travelling. What asurprise! A good friend suggested I stay there on a recent trip toLondon. Sure there are bigger hotels with restaurants but the Cranley isall about the best sleep on my travels. The beds are huge in comfort,proper mattresses and beautiful linens. The four poster room we had was just the most 'unhotel' like room we have stayed in. The atmospherethough is really made by some friendly and very helpful staff. I am notsure what shifts they have them working but the same crew seem to work 24 hour shifts. Melanie and Mo must have homes to go to, but they do give you helpful knowledge about the city. We stayed in January and with London being quite quiet they did succeed in getting us in therestaurants we wished to eat in and none disappointed. In short, nowonder the Cranley is No 1.	
Jan 26 2005	Absolutely delightful	There was such a relaxed feel to The Cranley. Staff were very courteous and helpful. The room was well proportioned and spotless, the service was excellent.We took the Romantic package and were not disappointed. Tea and coffee were offered as soon as we arrived. We had our Champagne and canapes in the early evening, breakfast was brought to our room next morning and was delicious. The Penhaligons goodies were an extra treat.We will most certainly return!	
Jan 23 2005	What's all the fuss?	We had prepaid reservations, butthe hotel staff had trouble, they said, locating the reservations; finally they put us in a basement room, well-furnished but a bit clammy, with lightbulbs on wires sticking directly from the walls in the hall. The furnishings are pleasantif somewhat stuffy; no breakfast room, somewhat close public lounge. I don't quite understand all the enthusiasm.	
Jan 9 2005	Dream nights stay	We have just stayed at the Cranley Hotel for 2 nights, We stay at a lot of hotels all over the world but this one was extremly perfect price-service condition. Room was not big but was very nice decorated furniture, with a flatscreen TV, books about London etc. Bed was perfect, we slept very good, the best bed we have ever slept on !. Bathroom was very nice, good water and hot water when you needed it. Every morning a fully served breakfast on the room. Staf is very good and helpful and friendly with everything you need. Hotel is 4 minutes walk from the underground and for 4,70 pound you can travel the whole day trough London. Hotel location is very quiet and nice, and you have nice restaurant in 3 minutes walk. I think we will come back again.	
Jan 6 2005	Booked 4 nights stayed for 8	I've stayed in The Cranley for 8 nights...and i dont know what to say about it its just ExcellentBeing someone who is particular about cleanliness and service standards, I found myself truly pleased indeed. Our lovely Four Poster room was spacious clean and very cosy.The service of the hotel was also excellent everyone was friendly and helping...they made everything easy for us...i just love it ...i will never forget this stay	
Jan 3 2005	Beautiful Hotel in great neighborhood	My wife and I recently returned from a stay at The Cranley over New Years. The hotel is in a great neighborood, about a 4 minute walk from the Glouchester Road tube stop. The hotel is gorgeous inside, and the staff were exceedingly courteous and helpful. They even booked our dinner reservations after I had sent them an email telling them the times and restaurants we wanted to go to. Our room was small, but well decorated. The bathroom was spacious enough, and the shower stall was nice and roomy with great water pressure. The only drawback was that the room was almost unbearably hot, and even opening the windows did not seem to help. The only way to cool down the room was to run the AC full blast and it was pretty loud.	
Dec 24 2004	great location great little hotel	My sister and I were booked for 6 nights at the cranely(Dec 14-19) through an auction bid we had won through luxurylink(this is the best rate/offer you will get for this hotel). our package included an executive room with breakfast, all taxes, and the complimentary canapes, tea, champagne in the hotel lounge. What makes this hotel great is the staff. Especially the reception/concierge. Very responsive and informative. The rooms even for an excutive are pretty small so i would hate to see the regular size rooms( then again everything in London is mini sized). great linens and the bed is amazing to sleep on. Breakfast is served in your room and you can even indicate beyond the time suggested on the order card when you would like to be served. Hot pressurized showers, fluffy hot towels, Bathrobe and slippers including mini toilettries, are all added comforts that are great after our long days spent shopping and seeing the sights. Another issue that i cannot forget to mention is the location of this property (South Kensigton) pubs, restuarants are litterly around the corner, including the V&amp;A and natural history museum. Farther down you will find royal albert hall hyde and Kensigton park. all within walking distance. If you are like us and enjoy walking you will enjoy this hotel including its proximity to the metro, which i suggest using to get around london.Now why i rated this hotel as a 4 and note a 5 is for small things really; we were located on the 3rd floor and above us there seems to be other occupants not belonging to the hotel that whenever they would walk/talk were very audible and kept us up for our entire stay( they could not move us as the hotel was full at the time). Room service would forget small things for breakfast a spoon or our order or were late in delivering breakfast. Breakfast in general was also limited and you could not add extra beyond what is on the order card.Over all would defintely come back to this hotel if i am ever back in london for a vacation for it coziness, location, and service, an so should you if you like small personalized hotels.	
Dec 22 2004	The Cranley has new converts!	I have stayed at the Cranley a number of times on both business and on vacation last summer with my teenage son. In November I was able to convince two other seasoned London business travellers to try out the Cranley with me while we were in town. We took three Exec rooms on the lower level -- the rooms were very spacious, great amenities and the flat screen TV's were bonus. Upon arriving late after a train ride from the Midlands, we were greated by name as we entered -- which greatly impressed my fellow travellers. We relaxed with a drink while completing the check in procedure. The staff was great as always! The location is very handy to the Gloucester Tube and we used the tube to avoid London traffic which was very convenient. My two US companions both concluded that they now have a new hotel for their London travel. One of the gentlemen remarked how very impressed he was by the small touches and attention to detail -- even the individually printed tissue boxes -- not something you expect in a 30+ room hotel not affiliated with a chain. Great choice -- you will not be dissapointed.	
Dec 2 2004	Just as reported if not better!	Since I discovered Trip Advisor I always check before I book a hotel anywhere in the world. The Cranley is a rare find at a reasonable price for London. The hotel staff were charming and most helpful. The room was lovely; just as I expected from the reports on the website. They are very proud of their position (it's now 2nd; it was 3rd last week when I booked!) and they are hoping to improve that still further. Travelling alone on business can sometimes be awkward for a woman but the atmosphere at The Cranley is such that I felt completely at ease. The complimentary glass of champagne before I left for a dinner engagement in the City was most welcome. Breakfast was excellent and very good value for money. A little further away from the business centre but such a refreshing change from the nearer, but unpleasant hotels, in the same price range. Very much worth taking an extra 10 minute tube journey to do business! A little gem.	
Nov 28 2004	Charming Edwardian Townhouse	We've just returned from a 5 night stay at the Cranley. We had considered many properties in London but felt the charm of this Townhouse in a quiet neighborhood in South Kensington would be the perfect night's rest after a busy day. And it was. From the moment we arrived were we were graciously met by a charming staff to the day of our departure when a quality mercedes was quietly waiting to usher us to the next part of our journey.The staff were personal but knew exactlly when to give you your space. They were very helpful and I hope if you stay here you have an oppourtunity to meet Hassan and Melanie. The room was excellent - tall ceilings and beautifully decorated with an old world charm. We have stayed in several places in London but no bed was more luxurious than the bed at The Cranley.The bathroom was meticulous and for the first time in all my stays in London I found myself looking forward to taking a bath to brush the cobwebs away from a busy day. The Indian restaurant two doors away is excellent. The tube is a short walk and we felt fortunate that the Piccadilly Line was available at Gloucster. The Cranley was a perfect respite and we look forward to making it our home again on our next visit to London.	
Nov 24 2004	Great weekend at the Cranley	We stayed at the Cranley for a weekend earlier this year. We picked the hotel based upon the good reviews we read on this site and we weren't at all disappointed.You know you're in a very good hotel as soon as you walk into the Cranley. You are offered a drink as soon as you walk in and the check in is very professionally handled. The rooms (we only chose a basic room) was spacious and clean with a very nice bathroom. The décor was very good indeed and the bed and furnishings very comfortable.The location of the hotel is very good being on a quiet road yet very close (5 mins walk) to both Gloucester Road and South Kensington tube stations.All in all probably the best hotel I've found in London and worth every penny.	
Nov 17 2004	Great hotel in a good location.	We stayed at the Cranley in September, choosing it after many, many hours of pondering hotels on various online sites. It was a great choice, and mucho thanks to Trip Advisor and TA's patrons for highlighting it. We passed by some of the other hotels during our stay and were so happy we'd chosen the Cranley. Its location is great. it's near enough to a major road to have easy access to restaurants (including a great Indian restaurant just 3 doors down, excellent for those nights when you're just too weary to go any farther). But Old Brompton Rd. is only a medium-sized major road, so the Cranley still feels like it's in a neighborhood. The underground is a bit of a walk, but a nice walk, and very convenient to lots of lines. The staff was very helpful, even though the London taxis didn't always cooperate. And the room--we had a smallish room on the 2rd floor--was a great combination of beauty and comfort, which made it just perfect for restoring us after a long long day of touring. One small thing: if you bring your laptop, ask ahead to make sure there's a working connection. In our room, the connection wasn't operational. The hotel offered a room switch, but it was to a lower-ceilinged room of essentially the same size, and we decided it wasn't worth the effort of moving.	
Nov 3 2004	Great Experience at the Cranley!	The Cranley was a superb boutique hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful and provided many amenities, including afternoon tea, drinks and snacks during late afternoon hours. The rooms were very clean and included flat screen TVs. They were also big enough with ample closet space and a nice sized marble bathroom with quality toiletries provided. It is in a beautiful neighborhood and within a five minute walk to the subway and a Starbucks! Many restaurants surround the hotel. The only downside is that each time you leave, you must surrender your key to the front desk. When you return, you buzz to get in and they give your key back.	
Nov 3 2004	Very nice but overlooked some little details.	I spent a weekend with my boyfriend in the Cranley recently. I booked the romantic package which amongst other things promised an executive double room and Penhaligans bath oil, scented candle and body lotion. Our room was a standard room and not an executive room, I have no doubt about that. It was lovely but very small and did not have a half canister bed, which is apparently the case with their executive rooms. I let this go on the basis that the bed was still lovely and we had a nice view onto the street. When we arrived the bath oil was in the room, but no candle and no body lotion. It is quite embarrassing to have to ask for these things but as they were quoted as part of the package, I did . The candle arrived that evening with the maid service, but I was told by the maid that the 'body lotion' which they had promised was the stuff in the little mini bottles in the bathroom, along with shampoo, shower gel etc (which is surely a standard thing!). I had one tiny bottle of lotion which I was supposed to accept as part of the package!!. My boyfriend then asked the concierge who reiterated the maids explanation - I should have made more of a fuss but I didn't want to seem greedy. I know it is just a small thing but I thought it was a little misleading to advertise this part of the package if they were not intending to follow through with it fully. The package was not cheap and the deciding factor to go with it was the added extras they were offering.Apart from this, I would recommend the Cranley, it is a lovely hotel in a lovely area and the champagne and scones etc are a really lovely touch - I just wish they had stuck to their word when it came to the little things - as they do make a difference!	
Nov 1 2004	The Cranley THE Place to stay in London!	This was simply the most amazing place I have ever stayed in my life. We had a Suite on the roof top, overlooking London, and the view was spectacular. There is nothing better than sitting with your friends enjoying some drinks (from the fully-stocked &quot;honor&quot; bar) in the Hotel Lobby. The Receptionist, Dominic, really went out of his way to make us feel at home. We arrived early in the morning, rang the call button on the front door, and he instantly recognized who we were.You should stay at the Cranley Hotel for the hospitality and the amazing service - you will not regret it.	
Oct 10 2004	Thumbs UP for Cranley	Stayed at THE CRANLEY Sept 30 through Oct 4.Staff very professional and responded to every request.Property is spotless. Weekend rates (cheaper - Fri, Sat, Sun) include deluxe continental breakfast which is served in your room AT THE TIME REQUESTED. We had deluxe double, king size, VERY COMFORTABLE, bed. Large room with roomy, very nice bathroom. Linens and towels were luxurious.We stayed in a front room and there was no street noise. It is in a quiet location. We met several repeat customers who have been coming back for years.Property is easy 10 minute walk to the Gloucester road tube. Piccadilly, Circle and District lines all stop there. Plan on using the tube, it is the cheapest and fastest way to go and EASY TO USE.Just one world of caution, do to the layout, to get to our room on the third floor, you could directly up the stairs or take the elavator to the third floor, go up a flight, a few steps and down a flight. It was no problems for us, but it you have issues with stairs you want to be sure to request a room that has direct access to the &quot;lift&quot;.THE CRANLEY may not be cheap by US standards but it is not bad by London standards. It was a great place to stay and we would definately return.	
Oct 8 2004	They've Got It Right	This is how you run a hotel, folks. This is how it's done. Total Class. Understated, elegant, charming...And guests are treated as just that--&quot;guests&quot;. Booked through Expedia and expected the usual &quot;Room Only&quot; discount treatment, but instead we were met with complimentary afternoon tea (they even got the scones perfect), complimentary Champagne and canapes.....and friendly smiles! It's as if they're actually glad to have you staying with them. You're even invited to have a seat during check-in. It's customary for them to retain a cc # for incidental charges such as phone, room service, etc. Told the lady at the desk all I had was a debit card with nothing in the account, and she waived the whole procedure. No deposit, no nothing--they trusted me! Everyone there did more than they had to, gave more than was required, and treated us better than we expected them to. We were made to feel welcome, respected and appreciated. That the rooms and baths are so lovely is almost an aside...it's the people that make the Cranley what it is. And what it is, I said at the beginning and I'll say it again--Total Class.	
Sep 23 2004	outstanding hotel in perfect location	My husband and I stayed at The Cranley for eight nights in early September, and found the hotel to be everything these Trip Advisor reviews report and more.The location is excellent. Kensington is a wise choice for your London hotel unless you have some specific need to be elsewhere. The walk to the Gloucester Road tube stop is very short (turn right on Wetherby Gardens and walk directly to Gloucester Road and left to the tube instead of going north on Ashburn Place to Courtfield Road and around to the tube, which your map may imply as more direct). It's also a nice walk along the Old Brompton Road to the South Kensington tube. Most important, both Gloucester Road and South Kensington are served by the Circle, District, and Piccadilly lines, which should send you off to most destinations without a train switch. Trains are amazingly frequent.The area around the hotel is quietly residential, and you can forget about those horror stories of bleating traffic disturbing your sleep. There are a good number of restaurants in the area, plus a laundry and little market at the corner of Bina Gardens and Old Brompton Road. We tried the Indian food at Kare Kare, very close to the hotel, on our first night and enjoyed it. The Duke of Clarence pub and several others allow you to make an evening of it on the Old Brompton Road. Near the Gloucester Road tube stop, the Stratford Arms pub was lively and welcoming.The room we had (102, on the second floor) wasn't huge, but the high ceiling and nice furnishings made up for it. It was plenty big enough, and had a writing desk which I always find especially valuable. You will love the bathroom: marble walls, a handsome mirror, nice sink with enough stowage space for a traveler, fine shower and bath, and Penhaligon toiletries. (Apparently the hotel was once the location of the perfumer's start-up, so Penhaligon it ever more will be.)The linens were exquisite, and our half-canopy bed was beautifully dressed. The room had a flat screen telly, which was a fortuitious application of the technology in a space that's none too big. Watch some English football!The service was excellent, and the staff genuinely engaged and helpful, from my first e-mail to the concierge and on to check out. We arrived at 9:00 am and a room was ready for us after a nice cup of coffee in their lounge. It's a small enough hotel that they will soon know you by sight if not by name, and make you feel quite comfortable. It very much feels like coming home each afternoon or evening.Rooms are made up very nicely during the day, and the bathroom remains spotless. We visited during that happy period of warm weather in September and were grateful for the air conditioning, but most nights we relied on opening the window a bit. It's nice to have operable windows.Now some advice. If you book through Expedia as I did, you will find Expedia thoroughly vague on the matter of your B&amp;B breakfast. It's -not- included, which was a disappointment we had to face on arrival. Luxury Link is probably a better deal if other reviews are correct. We coped with this by going out to local cafes or the Waitrose supermarket near the tube for breakfast ingredients each day. I'm sorry to say that the £10 Cranley breakfast struck us as too dear to sample.As another reviewer noted, do bring your own power converter, and also bear in mind that English outlets are often switched, so merely plugging in doesn't send any juice flowing.We loved our stay and will definitely choose the Cranley again. The location, the quiet, the impeccable furnishings, the exquisitely comfortable bed (with good reading lights!) all made our time in London especially good.	
Sep 20 2004	Our London Home	I just returned from a stay at The Cranley with my love, and we are already dreaming of our return visit. We did a lot of research before deciding on The Cranley (including here at tripadvisor---, which is one of the finest travel information resources I've found), and our expectations were very high. The realization exceeded the anticipation in every possible way, however. The staff was incredibly helpful, informative, and friendly at every stage, from before our stay until after we checked out. They really do make you feel at home, and they are The Cranley's greatest resource. Our room was absolutely beautiful with a breathtaking bay-window view of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, and all the amenities were top-notch. Our four-poster bed was the most comfortable that I've ever experienced, almost dangerously so: on more than one occasion, we planned on taking just a short evening rest in the room, but upon laying our weary bodies on the bed, we found it impossible to leave its warm embrace. The neighborhood was quiet, peaceful, and absolutely beautiful: it became OUR neighborhood, Gloucester Road became OUR tube station, and The Cranley became OUR London Home. Every night as we made our return through the quiet residential streets, it truly was as if we were returning home. There is absolutely no way we will stay anywhere else in London.I would also like to second another reviewer's recommendation of the LuxuryLink--- auction package for The Cranley. We took advantage of this package, and it was an incredible deal.	
Sep 19 2004	Perfect!!!	I found &quot;The Cranley&quot; absolutely perfect for my needs.A stunning nice, clean, cozy big house recently became a top level small hotel.everything was brand new and at his place. Warm and luxury room, even a bit small. Amazing bathroom. Superb service and room cleaning.Lovely location, close to the underground station, in the heart of south Kensington.	
Sep 13 2004	Loved it but...	We chose this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews. Most of what has been said is true. What I would specially highlight is the excellent (and non arrogant service). They were extremely helpful and nice, unbooked and booked restaurants for us... offered us tea upon arrival, the afternoon tea was really nice as well as the champagne with canapes...We had a superior room in the ground floor -where the rooms are supposed to be the largest. The room was indeed spacious, comfortable, clean and decorated with some beautiful (and some not so beautiful) antiques, the bathroom was quite small. All and all I would not go into superlatives about the room. We payed over 400 US $ per night... and I think that this is quite a bit of money for what you get. But I guess accomodation in London is just extremely expensive....	
Sep 12 2004	An Excellent Experience	This is a lovely hotel. My husband and I recently spent four nights here during an unexpected heat wave in London. The rooms at the Cranley are climate controlled, unusual for the city. It was a blessing.The beds at the Cranley are large and very comfortable. The sheets are fine and are ironed - which makes sleeping a blissful experience.My favorite thing about this hotel is that it is quiet, again, unusual for the city. The service is helpful and unobtrusive.We are the types who like to spend all day out touring and then return to the hotel early for the evening. The Cranley is perfect for this, affording a quiet respite from a hectic city.Just to reiterate about the afternoon tea and the evening refreshments - they don't appear by magic. You have to ask for them, but the staff is more than willing to have them ready for you. The South Kensington and Gloucester Road tube stops are really not that far! My husband and I aren't in the greatest shape and the tubes were an easy walk for us - and they take you through some nice neighborhoods, as well.I would recommend the Cranley to a almost any one, although I think families with small children might feel more comfortable elsewhere.	
Aug 3 2004	Lovely	We spent four days (28 June till 1 July) at The Cranley with my wife over a long weekend in London (went to see a rock Concert in the Royal Albert Hall). Our whole stay was marvellous.Everything was as stated by other reviewers or even better.We arrived to the hotel, and the check-in process was very fast, being the staff very polite. Our fist surprise was that we were upgraded at no cost from our executive room to the Penthouse Suite in the 4th floor (elevator is only available until 3rd floor).The room was perfect, with a marvellous and comfortable bedand a plasma-LCD TV. Everything was very clean.There was one living room (with a two person sofa, desk, armchair, and one table. It even had a small terrace, plus a plasma or LCD Thin TVBreakfast Room service was great, you ordered breakfast for 9:30, and they deliver on time.We decided to go for the club sandwiches for dinner, as it was definitely cheaper than going out for dinner. Never missed the scheduled timetable for delivery, even if my wife changed one of them (the day of the concert) three times.Location is very good, we love the South Kensington area.We will go to another rock concert on August, and we will stay on the Cranley for sure.	
Jul 31 2004	A+ Experience	Just returned from a four-night stay at the Cranley Hotel, traveling with my teenaged daughter. Our twin-bed room was lovely, comfortable, and well-maintained. Adjoining bathroom was roomy, nicely decorated, and stocked with high-end amenities. Accommodations were quiet, with luxurious and cozy public rooms, and the staff were universally friendly, professional, and very welcoming. Room service club sandwiches were delicious, and complimentary tea with scones enjoyed al fresco was a delight! We'll definitely return for more stays here; I recommend this hotel highly. (One caveat: I found the stairs -- four flights to our room -- daunting, but also an inspiration to get back into shape when I got home.) Location was very good, about a 10-minute walk from Gloucester Road tube station...	
Jul 21 2004	Great Little Hotel	Wonderful - didn't really want to review - like to keep gems like this to myself!!	
Jun 23 2004	Absolute perfection	From the room, to the employees, to the location, and including the best scones and cream tea The Cranley Hotel was absolutely wonderful. There is nothing that we would have changed, and we highly recommend it.	
May 27 2004	Cozy B	My husband and I spent a week in London and for most of our time we stayed at The Cranley. This bed &amp; Breakfast was very charming. The staff were very polite. My husband went on and on about how great this B&amp;B was after we returned to the States and I strongly agreed with his assessment.Our first night we spent in the room with the king size four poster bed at the front of the row house. Best room in the house if you can afford the high tarriffs. The other nights we spent in a more modest room on the top floor. The room was more spacious than most London Hotels. The bathrooms are beautiful and the bedrooms are nicely appointed. the linens are to die for and the bed... I still dream about the beds-best nights of sleep I ever had.The only draw back is that the hotel is about a 15 minute walk from the tube/subway. The hotel is in a lovely neighborhood in Chelsea/South Kensington-very safe. The hotel offers afternoon tea-do not miss this event. We came back to the hotel for the tea. It was a great pick-me up before dinner. The hotel also offers a glass of champagne every night between certain hours-we always missed this event becuase we went out to dinner.The hotel does not have a kitchen, so you have to venture out for lunch and dinner. Breakfast must be catered in. There is a great Indian restaurant at the corner-please eat there at least once. the food is good and reasonably priced for London.I would stay here again and again despite the long walk to the tube-15 minutes after walking all day is a very difficult task, but well worth the trouble.	
May 24 2004	Magnificent!	The Cranley was superb! from the moment I checked in, the staff was friendly, and helpful. The hotel was immaculate and absolutely perfect. I am planning another trip abroad in the near future and I certainly hope that there is availability at the Cranley.Afternoon tea in the cozy lobby or champagne and canopies in the evening, there was absolutely nothing but professionalism and attention to detail.	
May 20 2004	Very 'English' hotel	My 19-year-old daughter and I just returned from London and spending six nights at The Cranley. Very lovely inside and out. Enjoyed the slippers, robes and heated towel racks! Great breakfast delivered to our room! Extremely professional, helpful staff. Tube station very handy, although we did most of our touring on foot - we loved walking through the little streets enroute to some fabulous museum. This is a few minutes walk to the V&amp;A, but we also walked to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly, etc. by cutting through Hyde Park. This isn't an inexpensive hotel but it is a great (and quiet) place to retire at the end of a long day of being a tourist. We would definitely stay there again.	
May 11 2004	Wonderful vacation!	My husband and I recently returned from a five night stay at The Cranley. We only have praise for this charming, initimate townhouse hotel. The staff offered first-rate service and our room was most attractively decorated. Be aware, however, that the hotel is located in South Kensington, mainly a residential area. Although the closest tube stop is only a few blocks away, you need to allow time to reach most locations of interest. It is still worth the visit.	
May 6 2004	Loved this hotel	My 11 year old daughter and I had the pleasure of spending 3 nights at the Cranley at the end of April. This was a special mother daughter weekend and the staff were great in making sure we had everything both before and during our trip. They were very helpful in booking activites for us, and making my daughter feel at home on her 1st trip abroad. The service was excellent, and our room very comfortable. Even though the Cranley is advertised as a business hotel, they were very accomodating towards my daughter, and I would definitely stay there if I come over with my whole family. The location is 5-7 minutes from the tube and there are numerous places to eat nearby.	
Apr 25 2004	A real treat	I booked this hotel for 2 nights end of March 2004 as a special treat for my parents, so I wanted to have everything billed to my credit card even though I wasn't accompanying them. I called the Cranley to arrange the third party billing, they were most cooperative and helpful. Not one glitch ! Location is perfect, in the middle of chic South Kensington, very quiet and 10mn walk from Tube. As for the hotel itself, the gorgeous advertising pictures do not even do it justice. No dining room , but room service is excellent, a la carte breakfast is the perfect start to a busy day of London sight seeing. Definitely worth the price , earned me lots of brownie points with my folks....	
Mar 30 2004	The perfect boutique hotel.	Wonderful....I bought a 5 night package on LuxuryLink (recommend highly!) and everything was better than expected. What a value! For about $220/night we got an upgraded 4- poster king executive room with 12 foot ceilings, bay window, lots of room, antiques and original art, breakfast, afternoon tea/scones and champagne with hors doevres everyday! And taxes included! The staff is wonderful and the reception room with the marble fireplace very cozy. Bathrooms were fine with awesome water pressure and heated towel racks. Location about 5-7 minutes from tube, 1 minute from restaurants (go to Noor Jahan for Indian). Just lovely! Only problem was no email service (out of order, but used an internet shop down street from tube-cost 1-2 pounds per use). You won't be disappointed!!!	
Mar 24 2004	Just Like Home but better at The Cranley	Five delightful nights in South Kensington at the Cranley - heaven. The townhouse hotel is quiet, immaculate, well located to the tube and museums. The staff could not be more accommodating, and tea in the afternoon was so relaxing. Bedding is top notch, and the bathrooms are new and elegant. Water pressure is excellent. Quite adult - we would certainly stay again.	
Dec 17 2003	I keep going back to The Cranley	I love The Cranley. Its location is perfect -- within walking distance of both South Kensington and Gloucester Road tube stations, the major museums and some great shopping on the King's Road. Though the rooms are on the smallish side (but a fair size for London), they are beautifully appointed, especially the four-poster bed rooms. The bathrooms are also very nice, with lovely toiletries, big towels and those wonderful big English bathtubs you can soak in for hours. The room rate includes a generous Continental breakfast -- no stale croissants here, and champagne and sherry in the afternoon. The staff are conscientious and unobtrusive. There are some really good Indian restaurants just around the corner and some fun pubs within walking distance. I travel to London a lot (usually twice a year) and The Cranley is my choice of accommodation.	
Nov 24 2003	Enjoy the best hotel value in London	Location is perfect .. 3 minutes to Glkouscter Road tube .. walking to shopping on Fulham and Brompton and Knightsbridge and Kings Road. Staff is 5+ stars. Ask for anything they will get it for you. Rooms and beds are superb. They do have the usual tiny big city rooms that are OK for 1 so make sure you ask for the larger rooms .. the rooms in the basement are ideal! You will not be disappointed at this hotel. Well, except you might as well pass on the in-room breakfast it is not worth the charge.	
Oct 15 2003	Excellent location wonderful staff		
Sep 7 2003	Cranley was a great choice.		
Aug 31 2003	A perfect place for our family		
Jul 23 2003	The best hotel in London!!		
Jul 2 2003	Charming 		
Jun 20 2003	Loved This Town House Hotel		
Apr 29 2003	Don't ever try to cancel a reservation!		
Feb 14 2003	Value for money... Friendly and Efficient		
Nov 6 2002	A Gem		
Mar 11 2002	A wonderful town house hotel. Elegant and clean -- a home away from home		
Aug 15 2009 	super sympa propre et tellement anglais!		
Nov 30 2008 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis - für London		
Nov 18 2008 	Epouvantable		
Sep 24 2008 	Hôtel décevant		
Oct 14 2007 	Hotel raccomandabile		
Sep 28 2007	unos dias inolvidables....		
Jul 1 2007 	Perfecta ubicación decoración y trato. Malas instalaciones		
