Nov 15 2009 	Do not disturb	Don't forget to place &quot;don't disturb&quot; sign whenever you are in the room if you want avoid that the bellboy get in delivering faxes or whatever else. Doesn't matter what you are doing in the room, they knock the door twice and then get in. Totally ridiculous that the manager on duty, once reported the fact, justified it saying that it is an Hilton procedure (maybe I've been so lucky in all other Hiltons ...). NO COMMENT!On the website is clearly displaied that the property offers an indoor swimming pool and gym. It's maybe better said that they offer these services in a buiding CLOSE BY the hotel...Check carefully the cahrges upon check out: I've wasted 15 minutes trying to explain to the Hhonors check out agent that there was a clear double charge of 55.- £ for an airport transfer .... Furtunately there are other properties in this area for my next stay in London.	
Nov 8 2009 	Very Ordinary	I booked this through lastminute.com through one of their 'Mystery Hotels' offers, paying £80 for both of us for one night, excusive of breakfast. When I found out it was a Hilton, I was disappointed as I'm definitely not a fan of Hiltons as I find them very 'samey' and not as up-market as they like to portray themselves. Still, I felt it was a good price for a London hotel. I phoned and asked about parking and there was free parking &quot;for as long as I liked&quot; which was interesting - more on that later!On arrival at the hotel, I sent OH in to find out where we could park as the level by reception was full. OH came out clutching a pass and said we could find plenty of parking in car park 2. We found it easily and used the pass to get into the underground car park, where there was plenty of space. We then went to check in. I asked for a river view room, which they told me would be about 10 minutes to get ready, which was fine and we went into the ordinary Hilton Bar to get drinks whilst we waited. The bar has a good view of the river and a terrace if the weather is good (which it wasn't, being November). We then went to get our room pass and went to find our room, down lots of very tired looking, gaudily carpeted corridors. We found the lift and got in... The lift 'voice' is hilarious! She sounds as if she's suffering from depression as she tells you which floor you're at - it had me in stitches! The room was small and ordinary. The bathroom small and tired looking. The view was fantastic! Although we had a side of river view, we could see Canary Wharf over one side of the river and at the back of the hotel the gherkin. Shame the windows were dirty on the outside, but you can't have everything. The shuttle to Canada Water tube station was very good. We never had to wait longer than 10 minutes and we caught it twice from the hotel and twice from the tube station. Staff seemed friendly and helpful enough. The free car parking was a bonus as we checked out, left our car there and went via the hotel shuttle into the city for the day. I do wonder though how long we could actually have parked there for as the pass was given to us before we'd checked in, so nobody knew who we were. There were cars down there in the hotel spaces that had obviously been there for sometime. One particlar one that was covered in a layer of dust had a tax disc on that expired in 2007! We returned the card into the box for that purpose, but wonder how many other people don't and can therefore return again and again...All in all I got what I expected - an ordinary hotel, with the plus of parking, shuttle, friendly staff and great view. Oh, and the bed was very comfortable!	
Oct 27 2009	Decent but without attentive service	The hotel itself is clean and practical, and it is an only decent hotel in the area. As we live close-by, we frequently book the rooms for our guests who we cannot accommodate in our flat. Unfortunately quite often we experience very unfriendly service from the hotel staff. The staff at the reception never smiles, though there is no other customers to check in and they shouldn't be too busy to give us customers a little smile. The level of cleanliness was good in the room and everything about the hotel was decent, apart from the service. The staff doesn't appear to care much about the customers and whenever I asked or requested something, I had very cold, distant, unfriendly responses. We will still probably book the hotel if we have large number of visitors but if we have other options we would opt for other options.	
Oct 22 2009 	Outstanding views of The Thames and Canary Wharf	We stayed at the Hilton – Docklands back in July for a couple of nights. As this was a special occassion (my husbands birthday) I upgraded to the suite. The room was fantastic and the views of the Thames out of this world both by day and night.The staff were very helpful.Breakfast was as expected! Unbeatable - afterall it was the Hilton! We had lovelly weather so sat outside watching the world and the boats go by.It is a little out of the way, but travelling by the Thames Clippers is a great way to get around and well worth the experience. Also the hotel have a courtesy bus to take you to the nearest tube.The Blacksmiths Arms just up the road, is a pub run by a Thai lady and Irish gentleman – so you can expect the best of welcomes!I would happily recommend this hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Distinctly Average	I stayed here with a number of colleagues for business purposes. The rooms that we stayed in were very small, one member of our party received an upgraded room but still found no difference. The rooms are dark and could do with better lighting especially in the bathrooms, it was like having a shower in the dark! The staff did not replenish tea/coffee or the crabtree and evelyn products in the bathroom despite staying for more than one night. The decor in the hotel and rooms is dated and looks shabby. However I did find that the bed was very comfortable, and very large!If you are travelling into London by car this hotel does have a good range of parking facilities both underground and close to reception. However in this area there are better hotels that you can get for the same price, and if you are here to visit tourist attractions you would be better to get a more centrally located hotel as it is a bit of a way out of the centre of london.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Hotel in a Quiet Location	The Hilton Docklands Riverside Hotel is situated on the south side of the River Thames opposite Canary Wharf. It is very remote and in recognition of this a free hotel mini-bus service operates every 15 minutes to Canada Water tube station on the Jubilee line.As an indication of the remoteness they do not have a concierge desk but a travel desk to book limousines etc to get guests to where they want to go. At weekends the Thames Clipper service does not start until 9am. I used the hotel travel service and a one way trip to Canary Wharf cost £15. You can also get the Hilton mini-bus to Canada Water and go one stop on the Jubilee line to Canary Wharf.This is a large hotel made up of renovated old dockside warehouses giving it some individual character. This character is emphasised by the old sailing ship preserved on the hotel site next to the hotel main entrance.I had a single room and the amenities available according to the hotel WEB site were not compatible at all. I did not even have a light switch by my bed. I was not convinced my bathroom extractor fan was working either. The TV alarm was also 7 minutes slow so if catching a particular flight or train service this needs to be taken into account.The sports amenities for hotel guests are excellent and the swimming pool is worth a visit to relax in. If you do not fancy a swim there is also a Jacuzzi. Also a pampering service is available next to the sports complex for both men and women called Amethyst (amethyst therapy.com).The hotel food is mainly of the buffet style. Breakfast is a buffet with a good variety of options available. Before entering the Terrace restaurant was a table with orange juice and Brut champagne for you to enjoy. If the breakfast is not included in your room rate the cost was £17.95 per person. I did not think this good value so recommend missing breakfast and eating when arriving in central London at a cafe of your choice. If having the hotel breakfast then eat it Al-Fresco on the hotel terrace if the weather is fine. The sun rises over Canary Wharf and bathes the hotel terrace in fresh morning sunshine. The terrace canopies have heaters in them to ward off any cold. If it is too inclement then ask for a window seat in the restaurant to enjoy the views of Canary Wharf while dining.The evening meal is also buffet style in the Terrace Restaurant and was £23 per person. A good wide selection of food is available but again not really value for money. The hotel does go to the trouble of having its own kids buffet menu.The Terrace bar also has a bar menu and is cheaper than the restaurant. A copy of this menu is in your room as it is the room service menu as well.A good option for your evening meal is to take the 2 minute Thames Clipper service to Canary Wharf. As you walk up the gangway there are restaurants with Al-Fresco dining. In the evening the summer sun bathes these restaurants with natural light. If you do not want to cross the river then the Blacksmith Arms outside the main entrance to the hotel serves Thai food.The hotel has many free daily newspapers for guests to take so no requirement for to order a paper to be delivered to your room.The C10 bus service stops right outside the hotel and off peak takes 18 minutes to St Thomas’s Hospital. St Thomas’s Hospital is adjacent to the London Eye and just over the Westminster Bridge from the Houses of Parliament. The problem is you require a ticket before boarding the bus. This means going on the Hilton mini bus to Canada Water Tube to purchase a Day Travel Card (in Sept-09 a 4 zone off peak day travel card cost £6.30). The C10 bus does start its journey to Central London from Canada Water tube station. Only do this if the hotel travel desk does not know of a closer Transport for London ticket vending machine.This Hilton is clearly geared to the weekday corporate customer from across the Thames in Canary Wharf. This client base is catered for by a 2 minute service every 10 minutes across the river from the Hilton’s very own pier on the Thames Clipper service. The Thames Clipper service is the best way to get to and from central London if time is not of the very essence. From Hilton pier the overall journey probably takes about 10 minutes longer than getting the tube or C10 bus. This Clipper service is not yet fully part of the London transport system but if you have a Travel Card you do get a discount on your Clipper ticket. I recommend you get a day travel card from Canada Water return to the hotel on the free mini-bus then board the clipper service. Again only do this if the hotel travel desk does not know of a closer Transport for London ticket vending machine.The Thames Clipper service from Hilton Pier serves The London Eye, Tower of London, Shakespears Globe, Tate Modern, Greenwich, the O2 and Royal Arsenal Woolwich.Thamesclippers.com for more information.To walk between the sights in central London use walkit.co.uk to print off your walking routes.Would I stay here again? Yes if I can again get a good low rate. I paid £66.13 per night with breakfast included.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Nights stay would use again	I booked one nights stay hotel for a good price, we paid £50 for the 2 of us inc breakfast. We were staying in London for a Pink concert at the O2 and is was well situated for the concert. The hotel is about 5 mins drive from the tube station, and from there it's only 2 stops along. There is a free shuttle bus from the station, which is great and there are also plenty of public buses which run through the night. The hotel also has it's own ferry accross the river which we used returning back to Waterloo as the tube wasn't running. Our Room was spacious, clean and comfortable. The beds were great and I slept soundly all night. Breakfast was fab, plenty of choice, fresh fruit, pasteries, cereal and cooked breakfast. Stuffed myself silly.Overall we were dead chuffed with this hotel, would definately use again if going to the O2. Also fantastic views of Canary Warf!	
Sep 14 2009 	Riverside running and a great fitness club	Many of the other reviewers have highlighted the pros and cons of this this hotel on the river, with its three pound ferry to Canary Wharf and big British breakfasts. What makes this hotel special for me is the incredible location for jogging - it is on the Thames Path in a quiet residential area, and the jogs along the river are safe and easy, with great views across to the towers of the north bank Docklands. There is also a large children's playground across the road with swings, slides, a roundabout and a horse chestnut tree for autumn conkers. The hotel fitness club is very well equipped, especially by the dismal standards of other mid tier London hotels. It has at least a dozen running machines, a dozen bikes and four free fitness classes a day, including yoga and body sculpt. The pool is quite small, but there is a sauna and a jacuzzi.The hotel reception staff are not all the smartest cookies (one told me in all seriousness that there was nowhere to walk near the hotel), but the fitness club people appear to know and love their jobs. The Cutty Sark pub nearby has a good Sunday roast menu to put back on all the weight that the exercise took off. Our family room didn't have a fridge, which was unexpected, but there was an ice maker in the corridor and we had two free bottles of mineral water placed in the room. One slightly quirky complaint was that the cord on the kettle in the room was too short to plug it in on the table or desk - it had to sit on the floor beside the socket, as it was glued to the tray. I suspect that this was an ill conceived Health and Safety measure which actually made the situation more dangerous and should be reviewed by hotel management.Do stay here if you are visiting Docklands for business or if you love London's maritime heritage (Nelson House is part of the hotel and an original drydock is part of the hotel). However, don't stay here if you want to be able to step out the door and be in the heart of the action in the city. The Broadband is fast, but fifteen quid for 24 hour's? Get a grip Hilton!	
Sep 8 2009 	Room with a view	A city break to meet up with family living near Canary Wharf - hotel on banks of River Thames directly opposite Canary Wharf with its own jetty &amp; ferry link &amp; river theme, only used this once as £3.00 each way &amp; only took two minutes!! Nearest tube station Canada Wharf (a long &amp; what seemed to be complicated walk away), so most people used hotel courtesy mini bus which picked up at tube station regularly, very busy at times but efficient. Would not recommend this location for people wanting to visit main London sites. Room comfortable &amp; adequate but on small side, fantastic to have balcony with brill views over Thames. Bathroom really good &amp; great to actually have a bath. Bar very busy took ages to get served Saturday afternoon, lovely verandah overlooking river to chill out &amp; have drink or breakfast (weather permitting). Good value full English breakfast, everything very hot &amp; tasty. Reception staff very efficient.	
Sep 6 2009 	Okay not great.	The location is good if you are on business looking to be near Canary Wharf as they run a shuttle ferry every half hour, but for sight seeing it isn't great. The nearest tube is Canada Water and they run a shuttle bus every 15mins to the hotel up until 11.30pm which is good as the hotel is a fair bit away for walking there with luggage. The hotel itself is okay. The room was pretty small although recently decorated, however the air conditioning wasn't great. Our main issue was with the staff. On arrival the system was down and so we had to wait to check in, and then on check out were told we didn't have breakfast included and so would need to pay (by a very snooty receptionist). We then got out our booking confirmation print out to prove it was booked on a B&amp;B basis and got an apology, but we weren't at all impressed with their initial reaction.	
Sep 4 2009 	Interesting Hotel tired decor.	I got &quot;free&quot; use of this hotel as my partner was staying on business at Canary Wharf. This hotel is built on two old dry docks on the Thames and makes use of old warehouse buildings as well. One of the dry docks contains an old ship the other is filled with water is aerated and contains fish. The views of Canary WHarf from the bar's outdoor terrace are extraordinary particularly at night and the bar staff are incredibly welcoming and friendly. This is London so you may wish to take a mortgage to pay your bar bills!The hotel is a three minute boat ride from Canary Wharf (at the expensive cost of £3 a single trip) or a 10 minute free shuttle bus ride from Canada Water tube station. The difficulty with the shuttle bus is that it is only a 16-seater and on the return trip you have to queue and compete with locals who are sneaking a free ride.The Hotel's decor is tired and in need of a freshen up but this is made up for by the views and the general interesting location of the place. If you want a short break sampling the shops, restaurants and views of Canary Wharf and West India Quay this place is ideal. If you want a novel way of getting about in London, buy a Thames Clipper Daily Roamer ticket at £12 and hop on / off the Clippers anywhere from the O2 arena and historical Greenwich to Waterloo. Thames Clippers also operate the Canary Wharf to hotel ferry so the £12 roamer ticket can be used here.In summary, a nice hotel in need of a facelift.	
Aug 31 2009	Great Hotel - Great Staff - Food OK - Pity about the gremlins in the phone system.	I've stayed at this hotel quite a few times before, but not recently. On this trip the staff as always, were excellent, especially Angel whom I seriously thought about kidnapping and taking home with me. I did however notice a drastic reduction in the frequency of the courtesy shuttle bus to Canada Water (CW), and was hugely disappointed to find they'd stopped doing scotch with the porridge, which daft as it sounds, was something I always look forward to and enjoy immensely. It was something that made this hotel special.We arrived by bus to CW and were immediately struck by how much longer it took for the courtesy bus to arrive. A fairly large crowd had gathered by the time it did, and unfortunately a lot of unseemly pushing and shoving took place as people vied to get on the bus first. Although we were among the first to wait, my companion was very nearly left behind. Unfortunately this wasn't a one off occurrence and was the subject of quite a lot of discontent amongst guests, especially the ones who had been first in line but lost out in the scrum and been left behind, although in fairness, the hotel puts on a couple of cars and a people carrier if there’s a crowd waiting. I’m pretty certain that they used to have two courtesy buses running at once, but now there only seemed to be the one. Anyone without luggage might prefer to catch the C10 bus which stop outside the hotel.The entrance to the hotel is up a fairly steep slope between two buildings which leads into the car park with the health club on your right as you go in. Reception is spacious and welcoming with a walkway leading to the hotel pier. A short corridor to the left leads to the bar and restaurant, and beyond to some of the rooms, whilst a corridor to the right leads past a dock to the remainder.We had a twin room which was large and airy with modern décor and a large window. The outside wall was the original stone warehouse. The bath had a shower over and toiletries were Evelyn and Crabtree. I’ve usually had a river view, but this time we looked out onto a courtyard which seemed to be used by staff and maintenance. Even so it was very quiet and pleasant and we were not disappointed in any way, quite the reverse.Our deal included the buffet breakfast, which was a bit here and there. The service was excellent, and each morning we had a table by the window with river views over to Canary Wharf. Quite a few people seemed to be eating out on the riverside terrace too. On our first morning they seemed to have run out of rolls pastries and the like. Another time I had to ask and wait while someone brought out some more ham, and on our last morning there was no orange marmalade on the tables. Of course I’d been looking forward to the decadence of porridge with a slug of scotch and topped with maple syrup, but alas it was not to be. They still had the porridge though, along with a good selection of cereals, DIY toast fresh and dried fruit, a hot and cold buffet, pancakes and waffles, as well as an omelette station and a selection of juices. Orange juice was brought to the table as we arrived, and oddly, coffee arrived soon afterwards. The staff were very busy and we were only offered a top up on one occasion. I don’t think we are the only ones who prefer our coffee at the end of breakfast instead of at the start, but I guess it makes things easier for the staff. A complementary Independent newspaper was available outside the restaurant which was quite handy to take into breakfast, especially for solo guests. I was a bit surprised one morning to find I had the Irish edition. We usually ate out so didn’t have an evening meal at the hotel which was usually a buffet although I understand they do a la carte on weekdays but not weekends. One night we had a bar meal which was red pepper and tomato soup of the day and rolls, it was very enjoyable and served by a very pleasant waitress, although I’m almost certain that they were the same soup and rolls as sold by Aldi, On hearing this my companion mischievously threw the waitress into momentary confusion by complementing the rolls and asking if they were baked on the premises! Her immediate reaction confirmed what we’d thought, although she recovered well.A ferry to Canary Wharf runs from the hotel pier, every 10 minutes at commuter times, otherwise every 20 minutes up until about midnight except on Sundays when it is around 7.00pm. There is a break between 10.50 and 12.00 midday and again in the evening while the crew have their meal. Although pocket timetables are available in reception it these breaks in service are not immediately apparent and could easily catch you out if you had a lunch reservation in the city. Hotel staff seem to be rather coy about letting guests know about these breaks. On my previous visit I suggested that the hotel provided a notice at the entrance to the walkway, but they seem to think you should be able to work it out yourself, even though the times had changed since my last visit.The ferry fare is £3.00 each way with a discount to anyone with a TFL travel card. For anyone as confused as I was by travel card v Oystercard. A travel card can be a one off ticket which allows unlimited travel on bus, DLR and tube and can be purchased for a period of one, three or seven days. A travel card can also be ‘loaded’ onto an Oystercard, but shouldn’t be confused with pay as you go Oystercard, which tots up the cost of each journey you make up to a daily limit and, as long as you have credit, can last indefinitely but can’t be used to get a discount on Thames Clippers. Phew!For anyone who doesn’t fancy eating at the hotel there the Blacksmith’s Arms Thai Pub/Restaurant (down the slope and turn right) is worth a visit (and also a useful landmark when travelling back to the hotel on the C10 from Victoria to CW. Ring the bell to stop the bus just after you pass).There were tables outside on the pavement, and we passed through what seemed to be a public bar to the restaurant behind it. Not being at all familiar with Thai food I can only say that we both had noodles with pork, chicken and whole prawns with a very nice glass of Pinot Grigio which was the suggestion on the drinks menu, and enjoyed it immensely. The surroundings were very relaxing more London pub than anything else.The waitress was very pleasant and helpful, although, much as I love his music, I thought the ambiance was slightly spoiled by Johnny Cash’s “Ballad of Ira Hayes” playing in the background. Anyone travelling to this hotel in the near future would be wise to check to see if the Jubilee line is open at weekends. We checked TFL at booking which suggested that it would be, but it was in fact closed, something which makes transport difficult, especially on Sunday evenings when the ferry has stopped running. We didn’t use the Leisure Club on this occasion.	
Aug 31 2009 	Basic 	Having stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge was a little disapointed in the Hilton Docklands. Rooms are a little basic &amp; tired. The main thing is they are clean &amp; the bed was comfy &amp; the view was good, over the thames. The breakfast choice was fantastic. I booked through the hilton website on there 2 for 1 nights so it was a bargin break. Would I stay here again, only if its a bargin price would not pay full price.	
Aug 23 2009 	Really great hotel good value lovely staff and nice breakfast	This hotel is lovely, we stayed for 2 nights. We arrived by train and the free Hilton bus picked us up from outside the tube station and went on a 5 min journey to the hotel. The lobby is welcoming and hotel lovely clean and modern. We checked in and went to our room (in the new part of the hotel), the room was a twin but we ordered a double. We went back to reception and they changed our room straight away. We then went to the older side (the side where the restaurant is) the next room was very nice, large and nice decor although it had no window apart from a glazed patio door leading out to the enclosed balcony landing by the stairs so if you wanted to open this door then anyone could come in. We felt a little claustrophobic in this room and asked if they would mind moving us again to a river view. It was a little embarrassing but we though we could only ask and see. They then moved us though a large group of Germans that were checking in and let us go first, they agreed to move us again! This time to an amazing room (on the new side) with a beautiful view of the Thames, Canary Wharf with a balcony. The breakfast was absolutely lovely and service brilliant. We had room service one night and it was reasonably priced and tasted really nice. The receptionists were very polite, there was a very nice African guy that seemed to be there 24/7, every time we walked past morning / noon and night he was there so they work hard and long hours. I can't fault this hotel. The shuttle boat service outside of the hotel is good value, people were saying it was expensive but I don’t think so. £12 to use all day and it goes up to the London eye etc. It's quicker than going to the tube station and more exiting!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great!	Stayed here on a business trip with a colleague late July and it was great. This hotel is lovely, shape and layout a little strange but all added to the character. Staff were wonderful, extremely friendly, helpful nice to be around unlike some other hotels I've stayed in.The hotel location can be a little annoying as local tube is closed so you have to ride the courtesy bus which is a good service but obviously better if you could just walk. However 20 min walk or 10 mins on the bus and the tube can have you anywhere.We were given a lovely deluxe room with a great view of the Thames and Canary Wharf. The hotel's leisure facilities while small are fine, they do the job. Lastly the breakfast service is up there with the best as far as I'm concerned. Lots of staff to seat you and serve tea, coffee and juice. Great selection of papers and then a great selection of food. Really enjoyed breakfast!And there was a great bar as well, open very late weekdays! Good stuff	
Aug 17 2009 	Great London Weekend Away	Stayed at Hilton London Docklands for two nights on a bed and breakfast rate with my wife and two sons aged 8 &amp; 6 years old. Check in was very quick and we were given a river view family room. The room consisted of a double bed, single bed and a double sofa bed. The bathroom was basic but served the purpose. The room also had a balcony looking out over the Thames and Canary Wharf which was great for sitting out on watching the boats going up and down the river. The hotel had a Living Well health club which had a swimming pool gym and sauna. We had a meal in the restaurant on our first evening which was buffet style with a very good choice plus a seperate kids buffet which had healthy kids selections. Fatima the chef was so helpful and could not do enough to help the children. I would recommend the meals in the hotel restaurant as they are good value and very tasty. The Hotel is in a good position for Central London as you have plenty of good transport options to get into the city . The hotel offers complimentary car parking and has a childrens park opposite for the kids if you want them to let off some steam. Every member of hotel staff we spoke to was very helpful and could not do enough to help. I got on very well with Melvin who took our bags to our room and kept checking we were enjoying our stay. I am looking forward to booking my next family weekend to London and will be returning to this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	Mixed Bag - You need to be patient if you stay here	I had read the reviews before I booked one of the half-priced rooms for our 5-day stay in London. I was aware of the inconvenience of the hotel's location coupled with the strange hotel layout.I decided to roll the dice for several reasons: We stayed at a wonderful hotel in Paris so I knew that we could probably tough out 5 days at the Docklands, I'm a Hilton Diamond member, so I was confident that we'd get a nice view at least, and the price was right at about 57 pounds a night.The hotel shuttle was efficient but be careful to line up so you don't have to wait for the next cycle. The shuttle only fits about 20 people and at times there were as many as 34 people waiting. One morning I was one of the first ones out there but wasn't paying attention to the line forming so I got skipped and had to go catch the bus instead.The health center is pretty nice - it's basically a legit health club. The Blacksmith Arms pub serves very good Thai food and it's right down the street from the hotel.The upgraded room I got had a nice water view that was charming. However the bed was pretty bad - it was like the calibur bed you'd see at a Motel 6. It was barely big enough for my girlfriend and I - both who are healthy and fit.I'd recommend this hotel if you are willing to be patient and are looking for a good deal. We went to the U2 concert at Wembley which was on the same subway line and it took about 45 minutes from Canada Water to the Wembley Park stop.Finally, there was a male concierge or &quot;help desk&quot; attendant who was horrible. Every time we asked him the smallest question he'd sigh and kind of roll his eyes. The female who worked there was terrific.	
Aug 15 2009 	Just perfect for our needs	Perfect hotel room for three friends: two bedrooms with three beds, very clean and spacious, A/C, non-smoking. Thanks to Timo for making sure we got the type of room we needed. Great breakfast every morning (free, as I am Hilton Honors gold). Pub food was decent as well. Location was convenient: Easy to take free hotel shuttle to Canada Water tube station and then take Tube to anywhere in and around London. We have absolutely no complaints and would stay there again without hesitation!	
Aug 11 2009 	everything but luxurious	I've never stayed in a Hilton before, but I doubt the chain got its luxury status from this hotel in the docklands. firstly, the hotel is not near any tube stations - you have to take a shuttle service from canada water, or pay for a ferry service from canary wharf.the hotel is in a residential area in the middle of nowhere - there are no shops or restaurants at walking distance.the hotel interior looks cheap and tatty. old carpets, marked and stained paintwork everywhere. it is not what i expect from a luxury hotel.the staff are friendly and helpful, even though they put me in a smoking room, when i specifically booked non-smoking. when i went back to the reception they swiftly gave me another room - which also was another smoking room. the third room they gave me was non smoking - but was a room adapted for guests with physical disabilities. brackets, railings and emergecy pullcords all over the place. i decided to just settle there as i had enough of going back to the reception. room was small but nice and clean. complimentary bottles of water and a bottle of wine too! decor was a cheap looking, but not as tatty and dingy as the corridors.i had dinner at the hilton restaurant. decor was just like a wetherspoon pub. so was the menu. there were some men having loud conversations on their mobile. the food was mediocre and poorly cooked - inkeeping with the wetherspoon theme.it is not a horrible place. it is fine. but for these rates you can get a nicer hotel elsewhere.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good Hilton great service	The location is good but if you’re relying in public transport as I was, it is important to note that the East London tube line is closed for renovations and the hotel requires a good 10 minute drive to the Canada Water for the Jubilee Line. The hotel has its own shuttle bus which runs every 15 minutes but this is a bit of a nuisance. It’s still in Zone 2 though, so not far from Central London once you get to the underground station.The hotel itself is very different to other Hiltons. It’s a strange hotel consisting of three connected buildings. Getting to the room is a bit of a maze and make sure you note the correct elevator. There’s nothing flattering about the hotel either. No chandeliers or spacious lobby etc. My room, which was a deluxe room on the 6th floor, was well furnished, modern and spacious. The receptionist on check-in kindly assigned me a nice room over-looking the Thames. She phoned to see if everything was ok with the room 5 minutes later. This is indicative of the how personal the staff are in this hotel, who even stop to say hello on the corridor and remember you the next time they see you and ask how your stay is etc. There was a small balcony, over looking the Thames and Canary Wharf. Magnificent view of Canary Wharf. There’s also a ferry which runs between Canary Wharf and the Hilton, which is very convenient if you have business in Canary Wharf.The leisure centre was quite good with a swimming pool, jacuzzi and saunas. It wasn’t too crowded either.The hotel has a nice bar which stays open very late for residents, even on weekdays (always a plus in my books!). I recommend you include breakfast as it was the usual high standard of Hilton hotels. The chef cooks omelettes, eggs etc. at the buffet and she oversaw the buffet to make sure everything was running smoothly. There was a big selection and great service. All of the staff I came across were very friendly, personal and professional. I had a really pleasant stay here and I’d recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	Cracking breakfast	We were allocated this hotel as part of a theatre weekend package and overall it performed well. The array of produce available at breakfast was impressive and with serving times until 11.30am on a weekend we were able to enjoy our food at a leisurely pace. Our twin room was very nondescript in terms of decor but the beds were very comfy and the place was clean. Despite being a very busy hotel, the location was surprisingly quiet and the riverside views made for a refreshing change for a visit to the capital. There were a few negative points however, which I must point out didn't ruin our stay but did leave us a bit frustrated. The generous check-out times are great if you’ve stay there for the night but conversely bad for those waiting to check-in since they mean that many rooms are not ready until at least 2-3pm on the day of arrival (not so convenient if you have a theatre performance booked and want to freshen up). That said, the reception staff were extremely attentive throughout our stay and they did their level best to fast track our room, when it wasn't available on our arrival. The courtesy bus to and from the hotel to Canada Water tube station is a nice touch but it simply wasn’t big enough at peak times, most notably on the Saturday night at 11pm onwards when waiting times ran to 40 minutes simply because so many people were in front of us in the queue. Although the driver did agree to do an extra trip (beyond the 11.30 cut-off point), on reflection, we wish that we’d automatically gone for a taxi to avoid a lengthy wait and quite a lot of jostling.All things considered, though, it was good value and we didn’t half enjoy our breakfast.	
Aug 3 2009 	Tip Top Hotel - Perfect for a weekend away	After scouring various different hotel websites we came across The Hilton Docklands on expedia as it was offering a great deal of &quot;stay one night, get one night free&quot;. After quite a long journey from Paddington Station we arrived at the hotel to be greeted by very warm and welcoming staff.The room was huge and much bigger than we were anticipating, (I think they had made a mistake as the room had been made up for 4+ people) but obviously this worked in our favour. We used the swimming pool facilities which were good but the pool was very small and quite difficult to get to depending on which part of the hotel you were staying in. The shuttle bus was a nice touch as the nearest tube station was quite far away.It maybe not be in the best of locations if you are looking to spend most of your time in central london but all in all a good hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Go to a Marriott instead	My wife and I were going to see A Woman In Black in Covent Garden as part of our 14th wedding anniversary and at the last minute decided to stay in London, so I checked LastMinute.com and they offered a 4* hotel opposite Canary Wharf. We were pleased to find that it was a Hilton hotel, as we'd never stayed in a Hilton before, but we're a bit disappointed with the location. However, all seemed fine when we checked in. The reception staff were friendly and check-in took only a few minutes. Our room, though, was very small compared to other hotels we'd stayed in and the bathroom, well, you couldn't have swung a cat in it! The courtesy bus to Canada Water tube station was reliable. Then you catch the Jubilee and Northen line tube to the west end. But be warned, our black cab (at midnight) from Covent Garden to the hotel cost us £20.00. Overall, I would not stay here again because of the hotel's location, but all the staff we met were very friendly and the hotel was clean. Being a fan of the Marriott chain, I would prefer to pay the full cost and stay at one of their hotels. Also, be warned. The size of the swimming pool in the hotel's pictures is nothing like the pool's size in real life. Apart from being in a seperate building to the hotel, I would think that one or two strokes would get you from one end of the pool to the other! When we looked, there were about four people in the pool and it looked busy!!	
Jul 30 2009 	Value for money	We decided on this hotel, primarily because they had a family room, Hilton has always had a good reputation, but we were thoroughly delighted with our stay. We booked dinner, bed and breakfast and we though it was such good value for money. There is a courtesy bus every 15 minutes to the tube station which is needed because you are not really near a station, well not within walking distance anyway. The water ferry was expensive at £5 per person to literally get to the other side, you would just sit down to get off again so that would have cost us £20 just for that.Rooms were very clean and ours was very spacious. The food was delicious and lots of it. I am sure I ate far too much. Thinking about coming again, would highly recommend it. Staff were extremely friendly too.	
Jul 29 2009 	Don't get carried away with the Hilton name this is not like any other Hilton I have stayed in.	After my partner saw some rave reviews on tripadvisor about the Hilton Docklands, he decided to book us in for two nights as a getaway break. It was only on our return home we saw some of the not so rave reviews regarding this hotel. So where to start!! When we arrived at the hotel I went into reception to ask about parking, I immediatley took in the reception area which looked really dated and basic (not like other Hilton's I have stayed in). I voiced my concerns to my partner about the reception area, but we decided to keep an open mind &quot;maybe the rooms are to the same standard as other Hiltons.&quot; How wrong you can be. We book into our room and the receptionist asks &quot;Have we stayed in a Hilton before?&quot; to which we responded &quot;We stayed in the Hilton Canary Wharf the last time we were in London.&quot; she replied with &quot;This Hilton is much better than Canary Wharf, I'll give you a great room, over lookign the river.&quot;At that point I asked myself if the receptionist had every been inside the Canary Wharf Hilton, as on first impression this one was certainly not better. Anyway back to the main point, we had our key and we went up to our room.The receptionist was correct that we had a room with a river view and that was all. It was a tiny room, it was in need of a coat or two of paint, the bathroom could have done with a good clean, it was underwhelming for a hotel that carried the Hilton name. My partner rang down to guest relations, to ask if they could transfer us to the Hilton Canary Wharf (as we were still paying the same amount of money for this hotel as the Canary Wharf Hilton) but &quot;they couldn't do that, but we could upgrade to a delux room for an extra £20 per night&quot;, which we did. The upgrade was much better than the room we previously had, but nothing compared to previous rooms we have had in any other Hilton. Knowing that we would not be transfed, we made the most of what we had. After the room was sorted, we jumped onto the courtesy shuttle which was every 15 mins past the hour, to the tube station. (Do not stay anywhere, where the tube station is not within walking distance).After spending around 7 hours sightseeing around London we returned to the hotel. My partner wanted to wind down in the shower, so he put the shower on to find out that we had no hot water!!! We rung down to guess relations AGAIN, to explain the situation. They were going to look into it. After half an hour of waiting for them to get back to us, we called back, to be told that an engineer had been called and that it would be fixed by 2 or 3am!! The following morning at 6am there was still no hot water. When I rang guest relations they told me our room was the only room with no hot water, (I didn't really care, I just wanted a hot shower). They gave us a key to another room so we could have a shower. It was then a case of pack up the toiletries head across to the other room, have a shower and then back to our room to get ready!! Nightmare. On the day of leaving (Saturday) we decided to have breakfast before checking out. Entering the lobby we saw a long line of people and prayed that it was not the breakfast queue, but you guessed it, it was. We waited 15 minutes to be seated. Now surely the staff know how many people are staying in the hotel, and breakfast runs from a certain time to a certain time, so I could not understand how they were so slow in seating people for breakfast. When we were finally seated the room was virtually empty. There were loads of empty tables, the problem from what I could see was a staffing issue. They were under staffed and the staff that were in our particular section, seemed to (for the want of a better word) drift around, not knowing what they should be doing. The best thing about this hotel was the free parking. I will never stay in this hotel again. As stated earlier we paid the same price for this hotel as any other Hilton. Total disappointment and should not carry the Hilton name if it is not the Hilton standard we have come to know and expect.	
Jul 28 2009 	Nice staff perfect view	Air conditioning was broken in our standard room when we arrived. Asked reception to come take a look, they did and immediately gave us an upgrade to a room with a super view! (which I wasn't expecting at all).View was great. Breakfast was excellent, they had everything you could possibly want.The ferry across the river to canary warf was nice.It's way out of the centre, so if you're going for nightlife etc, then this may not be the hotel for you.	
Jul 27 2009	You couldn`t wish for any better	This is my 4th visit to this hotel in the past 8 months . The quality and service remain unchanged , it is EXCELLENT . Everywhere is spotlesslley clean , nothing is too much trouble for any member of staff . The views over the River Thames are magnificent .Swift check in , good quality breakfast , conveniently located to the O2 only 3 tube stops , and Wembley on the same tube line in the opposite direction.Hot tip , if you miss the shuttle bus from Canada Water , just get on th C10 bus , that drops you right outside the Hilton , or even if you decide to have a very late night , the C10 also picks up in Central London and only costs £2 per person .If you walk out of the Hilton to the road , turn right , walk 100 yards , there is a great little pub called the Blacksmiths Arms . It serves fabulous Thai food If you decide to travel to this hotel by car , it also provides secure free parking , there isn`t many hotels in London that can boast that	
Jul 15 2009 	Ok but nothing special	Me and my boyfriend stayed in the Hilton Docklands for one night in July 09, we stayed in a standard double room on the second floor. To get to the hotel we took a 2 minute shuttle boat trip across the river from Canary Wharf. This trip costs £3 each way. When you get off the boat you walk along a long walkway which takes you directly into the hotel reception. The staff were very friendly and checked us in quickly, we didnt get breakfast as it was £17 each.Our standard room wasnt located in the same building as reception, we had to walk across another walkway to a seperate building where all the rooms are set out like a block of flats, if your not keen on lifts the only stair way access is via metal spiral staircases outside. Our room didnt have a window, insted it had a door which opened up leading onto a shared walkway, this wasnt ideal as people could just walk into your room. Even with the door shut we were always aware of people as they shadowed across our door. The room itself was very clean, had tea and coffee making facilities, an iron, nice toiletries and 2 free bottles of water. Our room had lovely modern matching furnitue which all looked fairly new. Down points to the hotel were it just didnt feel very homely and didnt have much of a wow factor, we have stayed in other Hiltons and this just didnt compare. The room didnt have a flatscreen TV, part of the hairdrier in the bathroom had broken (see photos) and the whole thing fell off as we tried to use it. There was also no lock on the bathroom door. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is just staying for 1 or 2 nights and needs to be in the area (perfect for the 02). Although it was pleasant enough I just dont feel this hotel would be right for a long stay in London. And as a tip if getting a taxi from the centre of London back to the hotel make sure they go to the right hotel as there is also a Hilton Canary Wharf in a part of London known as the docklands which our taxi driver got a bit confused with! Hope our review and photos help!	
Jul 2 2009 	My favourite place to stay in London	As HHonors member I frequently choose Hilton hotels to stay in while on business trips. So I have stayed there in December 2009 and in January 2009 and I find it to be an excellent place to stay in for business traveller. Conviniently located opposite the Canary Warf and close to all main financial institutions there is a great plus for the hotel. There is even a ferry across the Thames river directly from the hotel to the Canary Warf jetty, as we have attended the Trade Fair in the Earl's Court too and that is on the other side of the city we have used the speedboat from the Canary Warf to the Waterloo and took London tube from there to the fairgrounds to avoid notorious traffic jams in the city. Both times we have stayed in deluxe rooms and even though they hold that name they are still quite small and bathrooms have bad ventilation so there is a lot of vapour in the air. Corridors between the rooms are very narrow too and those are the only two setbacks of the hotel. Appart from that, it's a very nice place on the southbank of the Thames river, excellent restaurant, very friendly staff, very helpful. I had a medical emergency while I was there in December and I have had received all the help from the staff. Hotel also have their own limousine service which we have used extensively and it is the excellent one. On our second stay there we have been offered a special corporate rate so we will be their guests in the future too. Bottom line - Hilton Docklands is a hotel which I can recomend to any business traveller as excellent price-to-service ratio.	
Jun 29 2009 	Brilliant hotel with even more brilliant staff	Booked this hotel for a weekend on a half price deal, to tie in with me &amp; my 12 year old son going to see AC/DC at Wembley Stadium (which was rocktastic).Booking in was the best; there were lots of receptionists &amp; the whole process was as quick as it gets.We had a 5th floor family room overlooking the river and Canary Wharfe (what a view).The room was well equipped &amp; had a small balcony.The hotel offered a free mini bus to &amp; from Canada Water, which ran about every 15 mins, &amp; a ferry across to the Canary Wharfe area on the north bank.The food was absolutely gorgeous with a fantastic choice &amp; the restaurant staff made our 7 year old daughter feel like a princess; nothing was too much trouble for them.This attitude was reflected in every member of staff we dealt with; it is obvious the Hilton take customer service training incredibly seriously, everyone we met was amazingly positive &amp; just wanted to do their best to ensure our stay was memorable.I asked a reception bloke what time we had to be checked out by (expecting the usual blunt reply) &amp; he replied that it was supposed to be 12:00 but he would gladly extend this time if it did not fit in with our plans. WOW!!!The pool was good, if rather small, &amp; the whole leisure club was spotless.We will definitely be making a return trip ASAP.	
Jun 29 2009 	What a disappointment	My wife and I were really looking forward to or weekend trip to London and our stay at the Docklands Hilton.I read all the reviews on trip advisor, and was expecting great things. What a disappointment.Yes the staff were friendly, but when ever you went to the bar or reception or to book a table you were asked to “what a minute please”. It was clear that they didn’t have enough staff.We had booked a deluxe double room. The only positive part of the room was the river view. The room in my opinion was far from deluxe. It was a lot smaller that a lot of hotel rooms we have stayed in the past. The bathroom was slightly bigger than a broom cupboard, with chipped tiles, and a missing towel rail. The quilt was not in a quilt cover, but placed between two sheets, which meant with natural movement in the night, you were left with a old and worn exposed quilt.The breakfast was a good standard, and what you would expect from Hilton. On our second night we decided to eat in the restaurant, which was providing only a buffet. What a mistake that was. I have eaten at many Hilton restaurants, this has to be the worse.The location was great. After a busy day in the centre of London, it was great to get a boat trip down the Thames, back to the hotel. The boast run very frequently or you can use the shuttle bus to the underground. When we checked out I aired my grievousness, and the receptionist could only say, “When you come back for a return stay, I will try and get you a better room” Will I return, no way….Very disappointed	
Jun 25 2009 	Good location. Ask for a Thames view when you book.	This was our second stay at this hotel; we booked 2 weeks in advance and got an excellent special rate from a last-minute websites. We stayed in one of the newly-decorated rooms overlooking the Thames. The room was lovely; the old stone walls of the original 18th century building with a modern and trendy decor. And the views are phenomenal. We also discovered that the hotel has a pool and a fitness centre which guests can use - something we stumbled on by mistake - so enquire about this when you check in! Although we noticed that the reception and restaurant seem to be a little understaffed, the staff very friendly and helpful when they are able to get to you. The breakfast is always really good and the location is convenient; there is a free shuttle to the Tube station every few minutes, or a Thames ferry boat to Waterloo station from the river, although this was a bit pricey but loads of fun.	
Jun 15 2009 	fantastic	stayed there in around this time last year and really enjoyed my stay!!!with canary wharf on the other side of the river and access to london city centre by the thames cruises was a real unbelieveable and fun place. a little outside the city yet very tranquil and calming. bar staff were fantastic and looked after us very well. hotel obviously used to be a warehouse of some sort though the look of the hotel is beautiful and in contrast to the rest of the buildings along the thames. also had a brilliant health club good sized pool and jacuzi!!!	
Jun 11 2009	Riverside comfort	Hilton London Docklands was the first destination of our Europe tour. We were amazed as soon as we entered the hotel, to have a fantastic view of the Thames River. The rooms we had were very spacious, clean and had a great river view. The coffee/tea makers in the rooms were really refreshing, what else could you expect while on a holiday - getting to sip hot coffee having a glimpse of the river. The buffet breakfast was very filling. The free shuttle service between the hotel and Canada Water was very efficient.The front desk staff also were very co-operative.  Wow! It was indeed an amazing beginning to our Europe tour.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great weekend	We are Hilton members so we booked this weekend when they where offering cheap deals.We hadnt stayed in this Hilton before. It was excellent. Different layout inter connected with glass tunnels which was great.Our room was a nice size and overlooked the river - very quiet and peacful.Food as very good - breakfast excellent and the evening carvery was also good. We didnt have food in the bar but other people did and their food looked great.I was also impressed that we didnt have to pay for the underground car park - all the other Hiltons we have stayed in before have charged for car parking.The hotel has its own ferry to Canary Warf - from there you can get a Thames Clipper up or down the Thames. We used this and where extremely impressed. Much nicer and quicker than the tube and buses.It also has a shuttle bus which will take you to Canada Water Tube/Bus station. Be careful as most weekends the Jubilee Line is shut. We didnt realise and caught a bus ok into the City.Will deffinately return to this hotel - convenient for the O2 as well.	
Jun 3 2009 	Quiet location surprisingly good service	I booked under the January sale rates, so we had a great deal with breakfast included. We got upgraded to a family room with a wonderful view of the Thames- spectacular! One morning we happened to get lukewarm water in the bath. Later we got a nice note from the manager and a bottle of wine as an apology - problems happen everywhere, but it's nice when the hotel handles it well. My experiences with the concierge, the people at reception and at check-out were all very good. I usually expect quick and professional service at Hilton hotels, but it's rarely very friendly and never personal - till this time! I was very pleasantly surprised. The only problem I had with the hotel was the location - because the Jubilee line happened to be closed on one of the days we were there, getting into the city was a bit of a pain though the hotel complimentary drop to the underground certainly helps.	
Jun 1 2009 	Not up to Hilton standard	My fiancee and I stayed at this hotel in December 2008. The year before I stayed at Hilton Canary Wharf and expected the same or at least similar comfort and service. This hotel is, however, not to be compared with the Canary Wharf (on the opposite bank of the Thames). It is on old building. At first we were given a very old room that was in a really bad condition. The only thing that was positive was that we had a balcony on the riverside. After complaining about this room with our travel agent and the hotel, we were given another room. Although this room was in a far better condition than the first, the problem with this room was that is was situated right above the hotel bar and there were quite a lot of nightly parties held at the bar. Thus, the noise at night was horrible. The only positive thing about this hotel is the breakfast that was really good. But all in all this was the worst Hilton hotel I have been to. Also the location was not very convenient. The hotel is situated in the Docklands. From central London you will have to take the Underground to Canada Water and use the hotel shuttle bus from there (or take public transport). Sometimes the queue for the shuttle was quite long so you had to be lucky to get in. I would not advise this hotel. The Hilton Canary Wharf hotel is far better and is closer to public transport (tube: Canary Wharf station and Dockland Light Railway stations to Greenwich and Bank/Tower Gateway (Central London).	
May 13 2009 	Right on edge of river Thames - nice features - bit out of the way	I have stayed in this hotel twice now and returned because I loved its location right on the edge of the River Thames in London.This is a perfect hotel if you are attending a concert at the 02 arena - it is quite near. The hotel is a mixture of types of buildings and has attractive features. Especially the glass walkways between blocks and the rooms with the brick walls on the inside. The main blocks are quite confusing with many turns in the corridors and there are lifts in each section rather than one set of lifts like a normal hotel although this is likely due to the how the building was used before it was converted into a hotel.If you can get a room on the River side - views are fantastic - especially from the penthouse suite. The rooms are not quite as modern as some hotels but are very comfortable. Bathrooms need a bit of updating but are clean and have all the usual hilton toileteries.The hotel is near the Canada Water underground which has a courtesy bus taking you right to the hotel. Warning! After 11pm this bus stops. You can however get a regular bus - just ensure you get a time table and bus numbers if you plan to stay out later than 11pm. Some buses go right past the hotel, others stop and you can walk through a park (5 min and well lit) Or simply get a taxi from a busier underground station like Canary Wharf as they are few and far between around Canada Water after 11pm. The hotel is about 20min walk from the underground - I have walked it (in the summer) The hotel also has a dedicated Ferry link across to canary wharf.	
May 11 2009 	Hilton?	I stayed in this hotel last summer for my fiance's Birthday. Hoping to have a romantic getaway. I felt like their website was misleading. We had hoped to dine outside that evening with views of the water but unfortunately that wasn't allowed. I had hoped to use the swimming pool and of course hot tob but it was closed by 6pm. There isn't much to do in the area unless you take the ferry across which was efficient if you get there at the right times. Our air con was broke so we switched rooms the next day (it was unusually warm in London that weekend but nice!) The manager was extremely friendly and gave us a very nice upgade and a bottle of wine on the house and even took time to talk to us about the situation. She took care of the situation immediately. We had hoped it was going up from here. After dinner I had asked the courtesy desk for advice on where to take my fiance for a nice romantic evening nearby and to listen to good music. One of the employees offered to drive us to a &quot;very good spot&quot; we walked past the bus to a car that he insisted we take. Now I'm a bit paranoid and skeptical in general (lol) so I asked if the bus is going there we will take it instead (I assume it was one of the hotels courtesy busses but I still am not sure) he insisted why ride a bus I have a vehicle here. ? So to make a long story short he drove us all the way to the center of London definitaly not a spot nearby and dropped us off at (are you ready for this) Cheers. Then charged us 50 Pounds. Wow a romantic night out at Cheers. :( We were extremly naive in thinking they insisted on driving us because of the problems with our room. We spent the rest of our night working our way back to the hotel by train (remember I had asked about something close by) and feeling as if we had just been hustled. I chose this hotel because it is a Hilton and they have never dissapointed in the past. We did write a letter to explain the situation so that no one else is misled in the future. Nothing really came of it. I understand you should pay to go into London of course however that isn't what we asked for. We just celebrated his Birthday again last weekend which has reminded of the &quot;romantic&quot; night I had planned the prior year that went completely wrong:( Which is why I decided to write this post now. Just because I am American doesn't mean my idea of classy is &quot;Cheers&quot; !! (just kidding)	
May 8 2009 	Outstanding Service Fantastic Stay!!!	My family (including a 3 year old and 9 year old) visited this hotel while on vacation in London and truly loved the accommodations. Immediately, the staff made us feel at home, tended to our every request and were some of the most welcoming hosts we encountered during our entire vacation. Additionally, there was a small park across the street where our children could play and “run off” their pent up energy.I had browsed other reviews prior to booking this property and wasn't sure what to expect. We were more than pleased with our decision to stay here! True, the decor (in some of the rooms... we understand they are renovating) is not the most modern, but it's not bad at all... and very clean, neat and comfortable. Regardless, their attention to detail and service more than make up for it. Our room had a gorgeous view of the Thames and offered a great spot to sip a glass of wine in the evening and look at the lights of London. The hotel is some distance to the city central, however, they provide a water taxi across the river or you can take a shuttle to the bus/tube station. Additionally, there is a mall within walking distance of the station. We purchased many of our souvenirs there for our family. Be sure to visit Tesco (similar to a Super Target) for stocking up on Smarties and other candies. Much better pricing than the tourist shops! Without hesitation, we will stay in this hotel next time we visit London.	
May 6 2009 	Nice hotel shame about the tube...	We stayed at this hotel the weekend just gone, and had picked it for it's proximity to the 02. the hotel itself was really nice - a lot bigger than the hotels I am used to, but the rooms were large and spacious, with a lovely view over the Thames from the window. The swimming pool was small but relaxing, and all the staff were all helpful and friendly. The free magazines as well as newspapers were a nice touch too!However there are 2 main reasons for rating this hotel average; firstly - the breakfast. I understand that in a hotel as large as this breakfast will always be busy, but I have never had to queue to get into the breakfast room before, especially not in a 4 star hotel. And whilst the continental breakfast was lovely, the English breakfast was a bit disappointing - the eggs were watery, and the hash-browns not cooked in the middle. Secondly - the location. I knew the hotel wasn't central, but didn't know that the jubilee line is closed on weekends now. Whilst this isn't the hotels fault, it does make reaching the hotel a lot harder. You have to get a bus to Canada Water (188), and then wait for a shuttle bus to the hotel, which did feel like a bit of a trek after a long day. I would instead recommend getting the Thames Clipper boat from the hotel, which takes you right to Waterloo and is a lot more fun!Wouldn't mind staying here again as I did enjoy my stay, but might look elsewhere first purely because of the location.	
Apr 29 2009 	Not really downtown but worth it	I enjoyed my stay there hotel has a free shuttle that runs regularly and in 10 minutes you are at Canada Waters subway station - Hotel is old style and it's on the Thames nice viewn from the bar (very good bar) - clean rooms - friendly staff and of course great Hilton Breakfast	
Apr 28 2009 	If you get it ok but if you have to pay for it choose another one!	It was the first time to visit London. It was e present for us. Someone booked the this hotel, because here He wanted with half board (what was ok!), and He prepaid online. We get the smallest room, with autoparking view. What the website shows, this is not real.100 pounds per night, a room with half board, but the internet is not include. In Hungary everywhere, on the street, in cafe, in pub, in hotel, the internet everywhere free of charge!In the hotel 15 pounds per day the internet ! In Hungary for this price I use DSL for 2 months.The staffs was kindly, helpfull.If I have to pay for this hotel, a don't choose this.	
Apr 28 2009 	If you have young children this is the place to stay!!	Well, what can I say this hotel was fantastic, because the staff could not do enough for you. Every member of staff was great, so polite and friendly. Also if your children are under 11 years old, they eat free at breakfast and dinner. Another added bonus their soft drinks and crisps are free in the bar when you order a round of drinks, which I thought was a real nice touch.If you get the tube to Canada Water there is a Hilton minibus that runs every 15 minutes waiting at the station to take you to the Hotel for free, which we did not know about before hand. We also got back one night at 11pm and it was still running when we came out of the station, which was great having two young children with us.Also if you are going to the O2 like we did, there is a boat at the Hotel that takes you across the river to Canary Whalf and there you can get another boat that takes you right into the O2, it takes about 30 minutes and the children loved it. It cost £5 for adults and £2.50 for children, under fives free.The breakfast buffet and dinner buffet is one of the best I have every had in a Hotel. The choice was unreal, even waffles, pancakes, as well of a full cooked breakfast. They even cooked you an omelette while you waited with what ever filling you wanted as well.There is also an indoor pool and a gym. The pool was really warm as well. If you want a great family friendly Hotel in London this is it!	
Apr 24 2009 	Shocking Hilton Docklands	I stay in London Hiltons 3 nights a week. I'm a Gold card holder.I booked here for three nights for the first time this week and checked out as soon as I got to the hotel.Awful location (the novelty of Canary Wharf wears off after the first visit), dingy, tired. dirty. The smallest Deluxe room I have ever stayed in. The token bottle of comp. red wine I got was so warm I could've used it to boil an egg!Miles from the nearest station (reminded me of Ryanair).If you compare this place to the good Hiltons in London, even the mediocre Hiltons, they're are in a completely different class.Doesn't deserve to be in the HIlton family. YMCA family perhaps!	
Apr 20 2009 	Wonderful staff	We booked this hotel as part of an offer for an event taking place at the O2 arena. It’s in an ideal riverside location from which to explore canary wharf and its many restaurants and bars. Getting the ferry across the Thames at night with a back drop of towering lit office blocks almost gives you a sense that you are in another Country than England. The ferry also connects with the Thames clipper service so getting to places further up the river couldn’t be easier or faster.The staff at the hotel must rank as some of the most courteous and helpful I have ever come across. The concierge Angel lives up to his name, he is very good at his job. We had a really marvellous spacious room, overlooking the River. The large floor cushions right in front of the floor to ceiling windows are a nice touch for those who want to sit and watch all that is happening on this busy river. Having a very quiet room with a comfortable bed and a superb view, must be the basis for a pleasant stay anywhere? The interior and facilities do appear a bit dated even tired now and we didn’t get the morning paper we had requested but given the superb location, huge room, wonderful staff and the special offer we were taking advantage of, who can complain?  Brilliant value for money.	
Apr 12 2009 	The Little Maze Hotel	Me and my husband stayed here for a night for Valentine Weekend. The hotel is like a maze, lol… make sure you listen carefully to you room directions given by the reception when you check-in, otherwise you’ll be walking around for ages…. and have a good stayThe Good * Staff - they were really friendly, couldn't do enough to help. They give you a courtesy call after arriving in your room to ensure everything is okay* Food - We went out to Canary Wharf for dinner (about 5min walk away). However we have breakfast at the hotel and it was beautiful. The selection was vast (toast, pastries, waffles, pancakes, fruit, sausages, cereal etc etc). Between us both I’m sure we tried a bit of everything, lol! and it all was delicious!! The dining room overlooks the River Thames and was very clean, fresh and relaxing. It wasn't too crowded and was seated immediately. * Location - the hotel was easy to find. Ample parking, although make sure you manoeuvre carefully if you are parking in the underground car park, as it is ridiculously cramp and fills up quickly. For a couple of quid you can travel across the Thames to Canary Wharf. Great for meals, shopping and other transport (DLR, underground etc)The Bad* Smoking Room -The worse thing about our stay was requesting a non-smoking room and being given a smoking room... urgh!! After finally getting to the room we was given a courtesy call, and could have requested to move room, but with all the palaver of trying to find the room, we couldn't be bothered with re-packing and trying to find another room. So we opened the windows to try to air the room... didn't work as the smell was so strong and stale. But we survived* Size - the room was so tiny! lol.. i have never seen just a tiny hotel room before! You literally open the door and fall onto the bed! ha!! I'm sure we could have moved rooms if required, but it as we were only staying the night it fine. If we were staying for a longer period of time or had children i would have asked to move to a larger room even if we would have had to pay extra because it can feel a little claustrophobic All in all, the hotel is fab, no major problems...	
Apr 9 2009 	excellent hotel in the city ~ yet also a little escape from the hustle and bustle	We arrived at the hotel early but were still able to check in . Staff here are the most friendly we have ever encountered in London ~ well done to Hilton Trainers !!! Room in recently refurbished Dock land building ~ worth asking for one of these rooms when you check in. Excellent to have health club on site free to use any time ~ nice end or start to the day a swim and a sauna. Courtsey bus from tube station excellent only had to wait a few minutes each time. View of Canary wharf amazing both day and night. Worth taking Hilton ferry to Canary Wharf and then catching the Thames clipper to explore London. A real gem of a hotel !!!	
Apr 5 2009 	Brilliant!!	Stayed here for 2 nights, hotel is lovely &amp; clean. Had lovely room with view of Canary Wharf!! Didnt eat at the hotel as thought was too expensive. Bus from hotel to tube every 15 mins very efficient. Gret hotel and would definately go back there.	
Mar 15 2009 	An out-the-box kind of hotels	I spent 7 days at this property with my two children. We enjoyed the pool. The rooms were tiny but the service was excellent. There were a few bad points. Several taxi drivers could not find the property and one guy said that the property name was misleading. There was some confusion with the Hilton Canary Wharf. It cost me 20 quids on a taxi fare. There seems to have had a recent change of name and some people know it as the Hilton Nelson whatever... Overall a good experience. I would come back with the kids but not with the wife ( too original for her)	
Mar 10 2009 	Disapointing smallest bathroom ever with a sink that was blocked!	We stayed for 1 night, but for the price we paid it was over priced for such a small room and even smaller bathroom. We got put on the 6th floor, quite a shabby room, horriable bathroom. I won't be going back..	
Mar 2 2009 	great value for money	It was my Wife's birthday weekend and I booked this hotel as it offered free parking and was outside the london congestion zone. I was very pleased with it indeed. We drove to london and found the general area pretty quickly. The last couple of hundred yards were more difficult but we finally managed to find the hotel. It is in a great location with Canary Wharf and the City of London directly accross the river which provides great views particularly at night. The staff were the most friendly and helpful I have ever encountered in the UK hotel system, couldn't fault them at all. The room overlooked a wooden ship in the dry dock at the front of the hotel and the room was clean and comfortable. We paid less than £100 for a 2 night B&amp;B break, great value so could not grumble. The breakfast was fantastic on both days, very very good indeed with polite staff who made you feel very welcome. The breakfast room overlooked the pontoon on the river, great view. I really couldn't fault the hotel itself, but on the downside, there did not appear to be any taxi's in the general area? I dont know why that is, maybe it's because there is a lot of building work on. We went to the theatre on the Friday night and got the complimentary mini bus from the hotel into the tube station Canada Water. This shuttle bus is invaluable if you dont want to drive and have a drink. However, when we returned to the tube station at 1115pm, there was a queue a mile long just waiting for the hilton. I would have got a taxi, but there are none!! This is the only downside to this hotel's location. Well worth a trip and highly recommended.	
Mar 2 2009 	perfect	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights.We had an excellent room with view over canary warf and the thames and we just loved it. We often come to London and are certain to stay again in this hotel.Staff is very friendly. Breakfast is great!!Hope to get the same value next time!!	
Mar 1 2009 	Good Hotel	I stay here regularly, the hotel staff are very good. Its excellent. Breakfast is superb	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent value service and buffet breakfast!	If you can put up with the courtesy bus from Canada water which runs every 15 minutes I would recommend this hotel. You can also take the Thames clipper to the pier opposite and get the Hilton ferry (£3). Have to say I was delighted with the customer service of the staff, stayed for an event in the o2 and Canada water is only 2 stops away from it on the underground. Would definitely stay if I could get another good deal...	
Feb 22 2009 	Not up to Hilton's usual standards	I regularly stay at this hotel when on business in London - but only when my preferred hotels are all full. This hotel is not up to Hilton's usual standard and is very shabby in places, room furnishings are dated and tatty. I usually stay in a Deluxe Plus room, but it's barely worth the extra money as the rooms are only marginally better.On a positive note, hotel guests have access to the nearby Living Well gym, which is of reasonable size and well equipped. There's not a lot of choice for eating out nearby the hotel. The Blacksmith's Arms is a couple of minutes stroll away and does excellent Thai food at budget prices, otherwise take the ferry across to Canary Wharf for a selection of mid-range chains.As a regular Hilton visitor, I've been assured by the Docklands management that the newly refurbed block is up to the standards I'm used to from Hilton. Due to my usually late bookings I've yet to manage to secure one. Am sure that once the entire refurb is complete this will join the ranks as a great hotel. Until then my stays will continue to be reluctant.	
Feb 10 2009 	Convenient Base For The O2 Arena	Stayed at this Hotel on Saturday night after a matinee performance at the O2 Arena. Getting to and from the Arena is relatively easy as the hotel has a ferry service over to Canary Wharf (takes approx 3 mins) where you then pick up the Thames Clipper (runs every 20 mins). Coming back wasn't quite as quick and easy as there was a long queue to get away from the O2 &amp; a very cold wait at the pier........having said that when we arrived back at the hotel it was warm and the view from our deluxe room balcony was spectacular. We had a side view room where we could see Canary Wharf, the Thames and the other side with the Gherkin! 5th floor room 2533. We went down to the Restaurant and had an amazing Buffet meal, lots of choices for starter (smoked salmon &amp; prawns) several hot main courses (Beef casserole - Seafood stew &amp; chicken piri piri) to name just a few. Desserts &amp; cheese selection excellent. The Service was the best we have had in this country. The Waiters were attentive, the bar staff efficient &amp; friendly (remembering how we wanted our 2nd drinks order)! &amp; cannot fault the desk staff. We sat after dinner in the Library (a lovely room just off the main bar) very restful with open real coal gas fires wonderful views over the River &amp; comfy leather sofas - didn't want to move (especially as the JD's were good). The rooms were very warm and the bed comfy (slept well) and the views in the morning were just great as was the buffet breakfast. Everything from Fresh fruit &amp; yoghurts to Danish pastries. Choice of cold meats, cheeses and smoked salmon. Hot food the usual full english including muffins, pancakes, waffles &amp; maple syrup! You certainly will not want for anything, will definitely stay there again. Having stayed in other Hiltons this has to be the best. Well done &amp; thank you for making my stay so enjoyable.	
Feb 2 2009 	Exc\ellent hotel.	We had a long weekend in London and came here from the DeVere in Greenwich - we thought that was lovely, but this surpassed our expectations. We had a good rate from a hotel booking website so booked a deluxe room. Arriving at Canada Water tube station, we waited 10 minutes for the hotel's shuttle bus (which couldn't fit the entire queue waiting for it). Check-in was quick, polite and friendly and we were directed through the (slightly confusing) downstairs to one of the many lifts. When we got to the room, we couldn't believe just how nice it was - we stayed in room 1362, which has a view overlooking the Thames and Canary Wharf. The room was spacious, well, decorated and clean. A few moments after entering the room, reception called to check everything was OK with the room and this touch was appreciated. Getting to and from the hotel is the only slight downside. The shuttle bus was fine when we used it, but Canada Water proved unreliable to catch the underground at weekends. On one day, the tube station was shut, so we chose to use the Hilton ferry to Canary Wharf. Unfortunately, there are no ferries from 10:45am until midday, meaning that a lot of guests had finished breakfast and headed to the ferry stop but had to turn back. We soon found that bus C10 leaves from outside the hotel and goes as far as Victoria, though.The breakfast was amazing - really nice food, well cooked and plenty of choice. However, this hotel has a problem accommodating guests for breakfast, meaning queues of upto 15 minutes to get a table for breakfast.All staff were unfailingly polite and helpful and this stay was one we will never forget. We recommend the Hilton Docklands!	
Jan 27 2009 	Do not bother - spend your money elsewhere!	My partner and I stayed here for one night after arriving from a long international flight. We checked in and made our way to our room. At check-in, I almost had to ask the receptionist to write down the directions he gave us! Navigating around the hotel is like wandering the through the bowels of a cruiseship - long, confusing corridors, fire doors that lead to more rooms, tiny lifts. The interior of the hotel looks and feels dated and shabby. On arriving at our room, we discovered our key didn't work - we should have just left then. After making our way to reception and back for another key, we entered what will forever be known as the 'matchbox room'. A tiny, tiny hotel room, with a small tv, basic facilities and a very dated bathroom. The bedsheets were fine, but the bath towels were very old and thin. It is quite difficult to say anything positive about this hotel. If it was a 2 - 3 star hotel, I would say it was fine, but for a Hilton hotel, it was a joke. Unless you absolutely must stay in the docklands area, avoid this hotel like the plague.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Took my mum to London in the weekend before christmas. She is slightly disabled but the hotel really looked after her. The room was big and we hardly heard a noise the entire weekend we were there. Transport to and from the hotel via the free shuttle bus was spot on. Always on time and it made it so much easier to get out and about with it.The breakfasts are just perfect, top quality and it set us both up for the day.Would stay again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 27 2009 	Loved the Hilton Docklands	I would really recommend this hotel. This was the first time I had visited London with my Husband and what a lovely experience it was. We stayed in a Deluxe Plus room overlooking the river with fantastic views of Canary Wharf, especially at night. We had a bay window in our room with seating area and we could have sat there gazing all night. My only critism was the room was a little dated and in need of some new furniture and decor. We really enjoyed dinner in the hotel. Staff were professional,friendly and helpful. Breakfast in the hotel was lovely, and hot, usually I find most buffet meals in hotels are luke warm. This was probably our best breakfast in a hotel. The views in the bar/restaurant area were breathtaking. The hotels shuttle bus was great, we had no problems whenever we wanted to leave the hotel. I have since visited London Hilton Canary Wharf and Hilton Metropole as I wanted to experience other hotels and area's of London however Hilton Docklands was the best so far and we will be returning again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Ferry Me Across The Thames.	Last weekend I spent two nights at this hotel in room 3567 with family and friends. The room was big, modern, clean and had a balcony where you could stand to take photos and admire the view across the Thames to Canary Wharf.From the moment we arrived to the moment we left we were looked after very well indeed by every member of staff we met and, going on my experience, (I've stayed at the Ritz twice and hundreds of hotels over the years, both for leisure and work in tourism) the service received was second to none.We booked on the hotel's website and got an excellent half-board deal. Dinner was a buffet with plenty of choice for all courses and breakfast was the typical Hilton breakfast that sets you up for the day.Previous reviews have talked about position/transport and I can confirm that the minibus service is quick and reliable and that, when there aren't problems with the Tube, you can get to South Bank, Green Park, Bond Street etc. quite quickly from Canada Water tube station. The ferry along the Thames is also fast and frequent so you do have various transport options. If you go out after breakfast and return at the end of the day, as most people tend to do, travelling to and from the hotel is cut down to a minimum.The hotel also has a good leisure centre just across from the main entrance and the children really enjoyed using the pool.We found it great value for money and woud be very pleased to return. A big &quot;thank you&quot; to all the staff.	
Jan 25 2009 	Delighted!	After reading some of the critical reviews, I was a little hesitant about staying here - but I booked as part of the 50% discount offer on the Hilton website for January 2009 - the rate per night was only £41, which for London is simply outstanding.I can appreciate comments about some of the hotel's quirks - for example, to get there you either need to take a free Hilton shuttle bus from Canada Water tube station, or take the ferry from canary wharf for £3... however, as I was staying with a good friend, it was actually quite fun to take the ferry to the hotel (last ferry is midnight, last shuttle bus is 11.30, otherwise you'll need a taxi).The hotel is laid out in various different buildings, interconnected with walkways. The corridors themselves do need some maintenance - carpets and paintwork isn't great.However, reception, bar, restaurant, and the room seemed fine.The view of canary wharf is simply stunning, especially at night when lit up. The bar and restaurant are attactive, and great to spend time in.On the website, I requested a room in the newly refurbished block, which the hotel cheerfully obliged with. The room was beautiful - very new, nicely appointed, lots of features, artwork, soft beds - one of the best I've had in London.The room did have a balcony, but overlooking an internal quadrangle and fire escape, but the room was so nice, it really didn't matter. IT seemed that the superior rooms had views over the river, which would have been amazing.The staff were very friendly, and took time to ask about my stay when passing in the hallway.Internet connection costs £15 for 24 hours, which I think is pretty silly, since I can get it for free at coffee shops and on trains, so paying that much is a little steep.Breakfast was great, with a large selection, buffet style, but freshly prepared by chefs beind the counter. And a great view over the water while eating.Overall, once you take some minor quirks into account, for the rate of £41 each night, this hotel was simply amazing.We had a great time, and I'd certainly go back.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent stay!	We stayed as part of the Hilton half price offers and found the hotel an excellent place. After seeing it said 60 minutes to Oxford Street, we timed it from getting on the hotel bus to getting out of the tube on Bond Street and it took 25 minutes and that was at lunchtime. THe last tube arrives at 11.30 however a C10 bus thats leaves from Victoria until 0045 stops right outside the hotel .We found the hotel staff to be helpful as were the people at the station with bus maps etc. The breakfast was lovely with coffee pots on the table rather than having to wait to be topped up!Would stay agin, even at full price good value.	
Jan 4 2009 	Very positively surprised	In contrast to many reviews on this Tripadvisor website, our experience at the Hilton Docklands was very pleasant, and we would definitely stay at this hotel again.I had booked a Deluxe room online on the Hilton website for a great rate as they were running a special promotion in January and I was quite happy with my choice.The next day I wanted to check how other people had rated the Hilton Docklands, so I went on this Tripadvisor website - and was shocked by some of the negative reviews it had received. As I had booked a non-refundable internet rate, I emailed the Hilton customer service to ask if they could make an exception and let me change my booking to a Deluxe Plus room (for an additional £10 ) in order to improve my chance to have a nice room.Not long after this I was contacted by the in-house reservations manager Ms Borg who was going to look after us and really made an effort to take our worries away. When we arrived at the hotel, we were being treated in a very friendly and professional manner and everything was totally to our satisfaction. The room was lovely - big, clean, modern and had a brilliant view of the river.It certainly helped that we were staying in a Deluxe Plus room, and I cannot comment on any of the other categories.But what I wanted to stress is that I am confident that even if there should be any issues, the hotel's staff will most certainly do their best to assist and make your stay very pleasant.	
Nov 27 2008 	not many positives	Stayed here one night on a business trip. Alarm bells rang when the receptionist said that he hoped I would like the room but if I didn't I could fill out a comment card... Room was actually OK, just shabby and dated, even towels in bathroom were frayed and worn.No internet connection in room, took laptop to bar, had to pay £10 for a 24-hour access, which is a bit excessive in a hotel which must be heavily dependent on business travellers.Plus side is access to Canary Wharf, 3-minute ferry ride from hotel, good view across river. Breakfast was OK too.	
Nov 17 2008 	Would stay again.	Stayed here for two nights (dinner first night and B&amp;B) for my husband's birthday. I booked two deluxe rooms one smoking and one non smoking. On our arrival we were told there were no smoking rooms available which I said I was not happy about but to make up for this they upgraded us to a Deluxe Plus room with a balcony which was a lovely room overlooking the Thames. This was a nice touch but I felt it was only as a result of my moaning. The reception staff were not overly helpful or friendly and had I not booked on the recommendation of a friend I may have walked right out of the door, however, we're glad we stayed. The room was lovely, great view, very comfortable and clean. It had a seperate wardrobe area, king bed, large work desk, flat screen TV, settee and coffee table, balcony and reasonable sized bathroom with lovely toiletries (room 1325). Apart from the receptionist staff every other member of staff we met were lovely and couldn't have done enough for you. They were excellent. It's a shame the first person you meet at reception is so miserable. The reception itself is in need of a facelift and is very drab. The rest of the hotel is not like this so it's worth ignoring this when checking in as it can easilly put you off staying.The hotel bar is very comfy and the restaurant food very tasty. I would recommend doing the dinner on first night then B&amp;B package. Breakfast, as all Hiltons, was great.We used the free shuttle bus to the underground which was a very short ride, however, the Thames Clipper boat, although slightly more expensive, was EXCELLENT. Amazing views, very quick - what way to travel into central London!If you want somewhere to eat near the hotel and can't make it into central London you can use the Hilton boat to cross to Canary Wharf and there a few restaurants and bars very near such as Italian, Chinese, British.There is a spa at the hotel but we didn't use it. The strange thing about the hotel is that it doesn't have a Hotel Guide in the rooms that tells you about all the amenities - you have to ring reception and ask for anything you want and there is no mini bar in the room either. Apart from that you can't fault the rooms and we had a great night's sleep.All in all this is a great hotel and I will be using it again. Tip to the hotel - change your reception staff and give your bar, restaurant staff and 'Angel' the porter a pat on the back because they're excellent.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Stay! Huge room and great view.	We stayed here for our very first visit to London and I know if we return we would stay again! The room was fabulous; Absolutely huge and with a great view. I'd heard about tiny European rooms, but this was bigger than some rooms I've stayed at in the US! Very modern and simple in decoration. Our room came with a 2 beds, a Queen and a twin. I thought that was weird as it was only my husband and I, but great for a family of 3. There was also a desk, a couch, a chair, a small cocktail table, an armoire with a safe to keep valuables, and lots of room in between. Everything was well cleaned including the bathroom. We had a balcony which overlooked the Thames. Beautiful view, especially at night. The hotel is not located within walking distance of the Tube stop, but there is a free hotel shuttle that takes people to and from the Tube stop. We never had to wait more than 10 minutes for the shuttle and the stop was only about 5 minutes away. Having to take the shuttle just to get to the Tube may seem inconvenient for some, but to us it was well worth it not to have to pay more for a different more centrally located hotel or rent a car. It didn't take away from my overall London experience one bit. We stayed for a full 7 days and each day I enjoyed coming home to our room. And there was a neighborhood pub just across the street from the hotel that was nice to walk to for a drink.	
Nov 4 2008 	On the other side of the river facing Canary Wharf	I spent a week at the Hilton Docklands, as I was working just the other side of the river (the hotel has its own pier). So it was quite convenient (though expensive: GBP 3 per 3 minutes crossing, every 10 minutes until about 11pm) to go and work every day. And I was lucky with the weather, it was quite nice as well. Now beyond that boat link, the hotel is lost in the middle of nowhere: Nothing around, tube station (Jubilee line) that can only be reached with the free hotel shuttle (or by taxi), City airport about 30 minutes from the hotel by taxi as the road to get to this Hilton is not exactly direct...I visited three rooms before accepting one: one in the revamped building: nice and rather large but with no view as the windows are on a small court facing another room so it is impossible not to close the curtainsa first one in the old building: rather small and hectic to reach as the building is very strangely built (the corridor is a slalom between the rooms)the nice one I finally stayed in (apparently one category above the previous ones), in the old building, but large with a beautiful view on the riverMy advice: avoid if possible the old building and make sure you get a room with a view to the exterior of the building.The staff was very nice and efficient, allowed me to choose my room and where always ready to help. Nice.The food was ... London food, i.e. average. Breakfast choice was nice. Dinner were either a buffet restaurant or in the bar with a loudly TV showing sport at all time.In short, if you have to work on the west part of Canary Wharf, it can be a good choice provided you are quite specific in the room reservation, as mentioned above, and you dine outside of the hotel as much as you can.	
Nov 1 2008 	No Wonder This Hotel is Top Secret	Booked this through LastMinute.com where it was sold under its Top Secret Hotels as a four star 'Riverside hotel with pool opposite Canary Wharf.' It is definitely not a four star. And you might question whether it is even a hotel in the accepted sense of the word.In fact it is a series of blocks of apartments that have been converted to hotel accommodation. The apartment blocks are connected via tube like walkways. Inside the blocks narrow twisting corridors take you to your room. There are at least 7 elevators, maybe a lot more, to contend with. We had to make our way to elevator 7 which was a considerable walk from the reception.The reception is the most uninviting place I have ever seen in a hotel. It looks like a temporary building. There is no hotel lounge near it. To find a lounge you have to take another walk through another tube like walk way to Columbia Wharf, an entirely separate building.The bar there is distinctly downbeat. Football on the TV. Children with parents. Looks like a Travel Lodge rather than anywhere you can relax and have a cocktail or quiet drink.In the same Columbia Wharf building the local council and other organisations have offices. How weird is that?To get to Canary Wharf you have to take a ferry or a shuttle. The shuffle is free. The ferry costs £3 each way per person. It runs about every 15 minutes. We saw it hit the Hilton Wharf with such a bump that it even the ferryman next to us jokingly said, 'You can't get the staff anymore!'If you were just looking for somewhere cheap to stay, then you might give it a try. You can book it for as cheap as £65 per room on VisitBritain. We paid double that on LastMinute.com. But if you are looking for a charming hotel, as was advertised, then this is definitely not it.Nothing wrong with the location though. Canary Wharf is easy enough to get to. And from there it is a very easy journey into central London via the tube or DLR or bus.	
Oct 25 2008 	Not a great location	Getting to this hotel proved to be a challenge for us, there isn't a subway station near and we walked for miles to find it. We later learned there is a shuttle bus the takes you to/pickes you up from the nearest subway station. So to be honest i wouldnot choose this hotel again. There are so may other fab Hilton's in London near subways to get you around much easier.Check in wasn't great either. I felt like after a nights travelling i looked a bit worse for wear and that was how i felt they treated me, like i didn't belong there!! Very unsettling to say the least.Room service was very nice as was the chap who brought it up. Great quality.Breakfast was lovely, as was the reasturant we had it in, lovely views. Lobby area is very comfortable ti sit in.But i will not be coming back for a visit.	
Oct 12 2008 	Excellent stay at the Hilton London Docklands	My husband and I spent one night at the Hilton on our way home from London after a week at a timeshare condo. I booked the Hilton for two reasons: 1) it was walking distance from the condo where we'd be spending the first part of our vacation and 2) I was able to get a very good room rate by booking months in advance (the rate was non-refundable). We were not disappointed. The building and the location are both lovely. The hotel sits on the site of a former dry dock that was used for shipbuilding. The walkway from the reception area to the wing in which our room was located passed over the dry dock area, where there is a replica of a French sailing barque, La Dame de Serk, sitting as those it were in dry dock for repairs. The building in which our room was located appeared to be an old warehouse but, apparently, all of the rooms in that block have been recently renovated and are decorated in an up-to-date color scheme of brown and turquoise. My understanding is that the block of rooms on the other side of the reception area has not yet been updated. Our room was immaculately clean.We had drinks in the bar, along with appetizers, while waiting for the restaurant to open at 6:00. The restaurant was serving a fixed price buffet that we both enjoyed. It had a large selection of entrees (vegetarian, chicken, pork, roast beef, and fish) to choose from along with sides. The views from the restaurant across the river were lovely. There appears to be a fairly extensive room service menu available for those who don't want to take the buffet, and the bar has a decent menu of starters and sandwiches as well.Because we had to leave so early the next morning, we opted for room service instead of the breakfast buffet. It was delivered on time and was piping hot, even the toast.The hotel was also very helpful in arranging a car to take us to the airport.I would definitely recommend the Hilton and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Quiet and comfortable	I stayed in the hotel on business. It was busy and fully booked on that night, but all the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. The room I was allocated was fine except that it had a french door which led out onto a shared external landing, which I could not have left open at night for security, and no other opening window.I asked to be moved to a room with a window as I did not want to sleep with the airconditioning on, and was up-graded at no extra cost. Room was quiet, comfortable and clean, and I had a good nights' sleep. The communal areas such as bar, restaurant are located away from the bedrooms which meant you weren't disturbed by noise from them.Riverside location had stunning views of Canary Wharf and a frequent ferry service operates from the hotel across the river to Canary Wharf. Free secure parking for hotel guests was an added bonus. I would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Aug 28 2008	Loved the Hilton	Just back from a wonderful weekend in this hotel. The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more efficient. Everyone from the reception staff to the bar staff went out of their way to make our weekend special. I would certainly stay there again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to others.	
Aug 7 2008 	Not a good experience	On arrival was told that communication failure to central reservations system had led to mass overbooking. They suggested that my parents one of whom is disabled stayed in a single room with a fold up second single bed. The first room shown was horrible it was in an hold part of the hotel and had not been refurbished for some time, looking tatty and worn. On arrival back at reception I was shown another single room in the newer part of the hotel which was much better but still tiny. This would have to do. We had booked in for dinner only to find it was a set buffett menu, with good starters and desserts but shocking main courses, all for £23 per head. Drinks order took 15 mins and had to go back once. Bar service afterwards was again slow. Breakfast the next morning was average but compared to the food the night before it could have been considered good. The hotel staff were helpful and did their best to make up for the poor performance but sadly the visit was tainted sufficiently that I could not recommend it at all. The location has such potential but it is let down by the management and quality of both the rooms and food.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great hotel fantastic breakfast!	Stayed for one night as part of a transport &amp; stay deal. Located just outside of the city on the opposite side of water to Canary Wharf. The hotel provides a free shuttle to the local tube station. £4 to get into the city but if you buy an all day tube ticket for zones 1-4 it's £5.30. Journey from london bridge side took around 5-6mins.There was a water shuttle service but we did not use this.Hotel was clean &amp; tidy, excellent service from reception. The room was large, clean with twin beds and great view over canary wharf. Free water in room with tea &amp; coffee making facilities. There is a fantastic fitness centre attached to the hotel- free access when staying here. Lots of good cv equipment and a good mixture of resistance. Towels provided on entry.Breakfast was outstanding- think of anything you could eat and it was there. Cereals, fruits, toast &amp; breads, meats, cheeses, full english, pancakes, french toast, belgian waffles etc...Would recommend staying here for a short trip to London. People have mentioned noisy rooms but didn't really notice this at all.	
Jul 25 2008 	Absolutely perfect!	Myself and my sister took my daughter and her friend to the Hilton Docklands for 3 days for their 16th birthdays. We had two twin deluxe rooms which were very nice with views of the river. I have stayed at quite a few hotels and I have to say that the staff at the Hilton Docklands are the friendliest I have ever come across. They couldn't do enough for us! From the reception staff, when we first arrived, to the restaurant staff, they were all brilliant. On the evening of my daughter's birthday the restaurant manager and some of the waitresses brought a cake to the table and sang 'Happy Birthday' to her. This was done without being asked and we thought it was amazing. It certainly helped to make her day. The food, both breakfast and evening meals, was exceptionally good. It was very well presented, good quality and plenty of choice. I can't wait to stay there again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. Thanks to all concerned.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great place	We spent three nights here. Although it was not in the town center it was very easy getting to it. The hotel shuttle bus drives you to the Canada Water Station to catch the Tube into town. The shuttle runs very frequently until approximately 11:00 pm. There is ample parking for your car. I actually liked having the hotel a little further away from the hubbub of the city. It is in a quiet area and you get a chance to refresh yourself. The health club is very up to date and although I didn't try the pool or spa, it looked great. The rooms were amazingly large for a European hotel. The staff was very nice and helpful.Some rooms have balconies facing the Thames and it looks lovely at night. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the Hilton for two nights on one of their 1 dinner and 2 breakfast deals. Car parking was also included free of charge - which for a London hotel is unusual!Everything that has already been said about the staff is true. They are polite, cheerful and always ready to help.  The room we had was a bit small but the bed was very comfortable. The main drawback was no air conditioning. There was an air cooling machine which helped but was not really a lot of use. We were on the first floor and our floor to ceiling windows overlooked the tennis courts. There were no blinds so we had to remember not to walk around naked and scare the locals! Nets or blinds would be a bonus on the lower floors. The hotel shuttle bus takes you to Canada Water underground station so, although the hotel is a bit off the beaten track, access to the city is quite easy. Unfortunately for us, the station was closed when we were there and we had to catch a replacement bus instead. This made things a bit more complicated but we still got to the city centre in about three quarters of an hour.Breakfast was included in the deal and was very good; buffet style but waiter service for tea and coffee. There was something for everyone and eggs were cooked to our taste as we waited. Avoid 10a.m when everyone seems to arrive at once and there is a queue. Breakfast is served at weekends until a very civilised 11.30a.m.We also had one evening meal. This was also a buffet with lots of choice. The normal price was £23 so it was a very good deal indeed. Be warned though the drinks are very expensive! Around £7 for a glass of wine. Have tap water with your meal (which they are happy to supply) and go to the pub outside afterwards for a drink. or have one in your room beforehand.All in all I am happy to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. Go to their website for the two night deal.	
Jun 16 2008 	OK stay in Docklands	Stayed there for two nights in June’08. Some observations: - Not the “normal London hotel” i.e. relatively new and relatively big rooms. Actually the place was quite unlike any “normal hotel” since it’s obviously been converted from a number of apartment blocks by joining them with tunnels- Some kind of moderate sized Executive room that had a small balcony and nice views towards Canary Wharf across the Thames. Room was very clean and also otherwise in good condition - Hotel has very long and narrow corridors, small elevators. Floor arrangements sometimes quite confusing, for example room 2310 is actually in the third floor… - Location is quite a long way from Heathrow, much more suited if you are using the City Airport- Surroundings of the hotel are 100% residential. Two decent pubs located just a stone’s throw away from the hotel - ~30min walk from Canada Water tube station or 5min drive with the Hilton minibus (free service every 15 minutes)- Hilton boat service isn’t quite “always-on”, for example there was an hour gap during noon that there wasn’t any service at all. Otherwise there’s a boat going roughly every 10 minutes to the Canary Wharf pier across the Thames (costs £2.50)- Gym seemed to have quite an extensive range of equipment, didn’t have time to test them though- Selection of food at the breakfast was pretty good, didn’t try restaurant or bar otherwise. - No WLAN service in the room, LAN access available though- There’s no Executive Lounge in this hotel (for HHonors members) All in all, this is a solid three+ star Hilton located slightly awkwardly, thus just don’t expect this one to be a super luxury hotel situated right in the center of London and you’ll be fine! Would I return there? Hmm, during the summer time the location is has its advantages with river view, so yeah I probably would do it despite the somewhat awkward travel from Heathrow.	
May 13 2008 	Much hotel in an expensive town	I found a great deal on Hiltons homepage for 2 adults and 1 child; for a totalcost of 187 pounds we got a BIG familyroom with balcony and a view over River Thames, 1 dinner buffet and 2 breakfast buffet. The hotel was a bit outside central London, but it was no problem. From Canada Water Hilton had their own shuttlebus. The staff was friendly and professional. The buffet was great. It was no problem staying with a child on this friendly hotel.	
Apr 29 2008 	good stay	Here for 2 nights on a 2 night bed and breakfast with dinner first night deal direct from the Hilton web site. Really pleased with the deal we got for London that included parking. We stayed in a standard room that didn’t over look the river but was very clean and had everything we could wish for really comfy bed. Not sure but it could have been recently refurbished? We arrived early about 10.30am. We had booked 3 rooms 2 of these were ready all next to each other on the same floor. Hotel sits directly on the Thames over looking the water, the location is stunning. We went to the pool on the first day I was disappointed by its size and the water was cold, although the spa pool was good.We got an open pass for the Clipper on the first day £8.00 that took us on and off the ferries all day as, the tube station at Canada Water was closed but there were replacement busses running.While we were there we took the duck tour, very enjoyable and I would highly recommend this and took a flight on the eye.We went to the Pub next door that also serves reasonably good Thai food and drinks that are much cheaper than the hotel. All in all we had a lovely stay however it is very far out from London and not very convenient for getting about easily.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great stay with a few minor issues...	We've just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hilton London Docklands and overall it is a fantastic hotel.We booked two rooms which both had a side view over to Canary wharf and the Thames.The rooms were clean and tidy with double/ two single beds, two armchairs which combined to make a small sofa, a desk and chair, t.v, tea and coffee facilities with complementary tea, coffee and bottled water, iron, ironing board, hairdryer and ample wardrobe space. Both rooms had balconies.The hotel itself look quite modern and the public areas are kept clean and tidy.The restaurant is lovely and serves a fantastic breakfast with everything from traditional fry-up food to pancakes and fruit platters to smoked salmon and cheeses. We also saw herring and kippers on two of the mornings. Also, a nice touch is the free newspaper and/or magazine you can pick up in the bar area before your breakfast.The bar is also nice - it's fairly small but we never saw it that busy and there's a quiet area for those who want to read or work.The leisure facilities at the hotel and good. There's a pool and a gym, which although are fairly small, again never got busy while we were there. The location is good and although the hotel isn't in central London, all attractions can be accessed via Canada Water tube station, from and to which the Hilton runs a free minibus.There's also a boat which runs across to Canary Wharf about every 20 minutes.Although we would stay here again, we did have a few slight niggles with the hotel:1. When we checked in, one of our rooms was ready but the other one wasn't finished until 4.30pm (when check-in is at 3).2. When we received the second room, it was 3 floors above the first. After complaining we were given a room at the other end of the corridor to the first. When family members book 2 rooms you expect them to at least be close. Even more annoying was the fact many of the rooms in-between were unoccupied as the hotel wasn't busy.3. The shuttle to the tube station got very busy at peak times. As they only run one bus at a time, if it's full, you have to wait for it to get to the tube station, unload and come back, before you can board - meaning a 15 - 20 minute wait.4. Also they seem to put the smaller bus (about 8 seats) on at quiet times, in which it could be difficult to fit larger pieces of luggage.5. The boat over to Canary Wharf is costly at £2.90 one way (although a trip from the Hilton right down to the Embankment pier costs just the same).6. The restaurant is expensive at £23 for a dinner buffet and there's not much in the way of restaurants in close proximity to the hotel - but then again there is all of London to go at!All-in-all a very nice hotel and I have to commend the staff, who were friendly, attentive and helpful at all times!	
Mar 11 2008 	a perfect getaway!	ive stayed at the docklands hilton on several occasions in the past, but hadnt stayed for a while due to the distance from the city centre. however, i decided to return for a trip with my husband last weekend and it was better than ever! :Dusing the free courtesy bus from canada water tube station, we arrived at check in to a friendly welcome. there was a slight [-] up with our room booking which delayed us slightly, but we were upgraded to compensate. the room was clean, and had a great view of canary wharf from the balcony.our deal included dinner on the first night which was served buffet style which was fine, although there is an a la carte menu available if you fancy something else. breakfast is also buffet style and every possible breakfast item is available - full english, cereals, cold meat and cheese, smoked salmon, kippers, haggis, pancakes and waffles!!!!the bar prices arent too bad for beers, but spirits are a little pricy. however, its to be expected as it is a hotel bar after all, and the view from the terrace at night looking onto the canary wharf skyline is just to die for!! the pub across the road (the clipper inn) is fabulous though if you fancy a lively pub so you can have the best of both worlds.the leisure facilities are small, but are fine - jacuzzi is great though! :Dalthough the hotel is well away from the city centre, its perfect. you dont have loads of noise to keep you awake, and the courtesy bus runs every 15mins until 11pm so the tube is within easy reach, and thus the city.if you fancy a weekend getaway id recommend the docklands hilton whole heartedly, however if you are wanting to spend the weekend clubbing away until 4am this may not be for you due to the tube times and distance from the city centre.	
Mar 2 2008 	No Problems	Overall I would say this is a nice hotel if you are going to be staying just one night or need to be in the immediate area but I certainly wouldn't stay here more than a couple of nights due to its location.Car parking is free but be warned if you arrive late and the main carpark is full you have to use the 2nd underground carpark which is 50 yards down the road. You then have to walk a good few minutes (outside with bags) to the reception.The reception staff were very efficent and gave us clear directions to our room which unfortunatley was a bit of a trek and still a mission to find, there are loads of lifts and the corridors are tiny with constant corners to turn.The room was lovely and very clean bit on the small side but we were only staying one night, we had a huge balcony as we were on the top floor and had a partial river view (we were in block 6) The bathroom was tiny on a par with a caravan but again this didn't really affect us. Very peaceful and quiet but opposite end of hotel to the bar so we got plenty of excercise walking to &amp; from that ! By far the best thing about this hotel is the restaraunt and bar the food was perfect and I would say reasonably priced for a london hotel (£13.50 for fish &amp; chips - huge portion) Breakfast was brilliant to.I found all the staff to be polite and friendly no complaints there.	
Feb 29 2008 	Overpriced and mediocre	This Hilton certainly benefits from its outstanding position overlooking the river Thames, but that's about it. We paid £196 for one night without breakfast. The hotel is looking pretty tatty and worn. Who had the idea of filling the reception area with a temporary office area peopled with staff lounging about as if they couldn't give a damn? De-luxe room with good view, but on the small side. Corridors awful. No concierge and main door area swarming with delivery staff looking utterly fed up. Not worth the price, look somewhere else and hope that this poor building either gets demolished or given a costly refurb. making it worth staying in.	
Jan 19 2008 	Living Well- A disgraceful advertisement for a Hilton hotel	I have just got home from a fabulous time up in London. We went to see the Spice Girls at O2 last night and decided to stay up in London over night. We stayed in Hilton Canary Wharf, having recently stayed at the Hilton Warwick we expected that we would find Hilton London as good. From the bumf we expected a swimming pool for the kids and ourselves to go to this morning. Only to be told no they do not have a pool but we could take a ferry across to HIlton Docklands for a swim. We walked to the ferry a good 15 minute walk. Then paid 10 pounds return to cross over to the otherside. Eventually found the block for the pool. Well. The pool changing rooms wer cold and dirty. The pool was the size of a bath, rediculously small. The pool water was horribly cloudy the inside wall was so greasy and dirty someone had actually written dirty into the grease. The spa bath was not working. The sauna was OK ish. The water cooler was not working . The showers were cold. The spinner for the costumes was not working. We voiced our thoughts to the lady who was 'checking for dust' in the filter grills.!!! They offered to refund our ferry fares. We were extremely disappointed and will not be staying in Hilton next time we go to O2. Probably try Crown Plaza. The service in the restaurant at the Canary Wharf was not brilliant. The only positive was the concierge guy who was excellent!	
Jan 14 2008 	good hotel to visit london	good access to central london via high speed boat,you use the hilton ferry boat to cross the river to canary wharf pier,then high speed boat takesyou along river,excellent value at £8 for all day at weekends.you can get on and off at various ports of call along the river.you can get the hotel mini bus to canada water tube station.we thought tube was poor value compared to the boat.room was very comfortable we were in the block across the walkway.the only thing we found was the heating was on full so the room was quite hot,there was a tower fan in the room also so this was needed to cool room down.good partial view of the thames.good parking underneath hotel which was free and you could leave your car there after checkout so you could go into london.breakfast was excellent massive choice of every thing all in all an excellent stay	
Jan 11 2008 	Not too bad a good deal	I am sorry that it has taken me so long to write this review. I stayed at his hotel with my wife and 3 sons in March of 2005. The two main reasons why we picked this particular hotel were the availability of parking (I did rent a car for two days to meet a family friend in Bath) and a reasonable cost. I was not expecting a luxury resort even with the Hilton name. This property is a refurbished warehouse from what I can tell and is perfectly adequate. It was clean and all the plumbing fixtures worked. We stayed in a large hotel room by European standards where out 3 boys were in one room each with a bed to themselves (though one was a cot) and my wife and I were in another room with a queen-size bed. Breakfast was included for 4 of us but the cost of the breakfast for the fifth person made it more practical to travel to Canary Wharf to the convenience store to buy muffins as well as drinks and water for later in the day. We did then take the tube from Canary Wharf and the tube that runs from that station is the Jubilee line which is the most modern and comfortable. It would have been further cost-efficient to take the Canada Water stop to Canary Wharf because we did pay extra in utilizing the Thames Clippers. My kids thought crossing the river was great however. I don't know how long of a walk it would have been from the Canada Water tube station to the hotel but the neighborhood around the hotel and between the hotel and the tube station looked somewhat seedy. I didn't see many people about. The hotel does offer a small shuttle bus that runs to the tube station however this bus did not have a large capacity and even in the off season on the weekends, it was quite full. When we arrived from Heathrow to the tube station we just managed to get on the shuttle bus with our luggage and they barely had room for us. I imagine this is a big problem during high tourist season. One night at the hotel the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night. I had read on this site where that had been a common occurrence in the past. It went off after about 10 minutes and no explanation was given. When I tried to check out they presented me with a 600£ bill even though the hotel was prepaid on Expedia.com. I had to give them my documents to prove this. The restaurant in the sailing ship was closed for refurbishing when we were there. I doubt we would have used this anyway because our kids are young and picky eaters. Because of the location there was a delay in getting to the various destinations in and around London however we all enjoyed the public transportation. In addition, we were quite close to the Docklands Light Railway which has transportation to Greenwich as well as to the Tower of London. There are no turnstiles to get on these railcars so make sure you keep your pass with you because they do have inspections. In summary I would recommend this hotel with some reservations and would prefer to give this a 3.5 rather than a 3 but this is not a choice.	
Nov 22 2007 	Great hotel very good value.	Just returned from a two night stay at this hotel. Was in London for a weekend theatre trip with 7 girlfriends. Very good hotel, great price at £135 per room per night including dinner on the first night and breakfasts ( For three people in a triple room). As a hilton honors gold card member check in was fast and efficient, as there is a designated desk. Our rooms were upgraded, with a beautiful view from our balcony over Canary Wharf. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms were extremely quiet and there was complimentary tea/coffee/bottled water etc. The bathroom was a bit in need of an upgrade, very clean with nice products - just needing modernised. Dinner on the first night was good, it was a self service carvery type meal. Breakfast on day one was very good. Day two was a bit of a disaster, as the restaurant was very busy we were decanted to the downstairs function room which was set up for breakfast, the general atmosphere was cold therefore the platters of &quot;hot&quot; food with a little parafin stove underneath, were stone cold. Unfortunately we had to bring this to the attention of the staff and we were moved upstairs to the main dining room. So dont except that option if offered - just wait in the line. We used the bar for lunch when we arrived and the food was very nice. Not cheap, for food or drinks, but plentiful and well cooked, the bar man was disapointed in the service he gave us and offered us complimentary drinks. (we did not see a problem with his service, it was good , but happily accepted his offer) The staff were very efficient and friendly throughout the hotel, and helped make our stay enjoyable.Getting to and from the hotel is eventful (in a fun way) there are two options.1. A shuttle bus from Canada Wharf tube, good service although the last bus at night is manic.Very very busy. And the bus back at checkout time is the same.2. The hotel has its own ferry service across the Thames to Canary Wharf, the options at that side are: a high speed boat down the Thames with several stops for £4 well worth the money.Or use the Canary Wharf tube. Dont use option two at night as the Hilton ferry stops after 6 .30pm. Although the hotel is not in central London, its really not too far out, and the price reflects this. A note to all smokers - Two members of our party had booked a smoking room and it was not in the main building, after seeing our room they were very dissapointed with there room, it was very small, not a good outlook with a very strong smell of smoke (not aired) they therefore opted not to have a smoking room, they spoke to reception who were able to accomodate them in another room on the same floor as the rest of the party. Without any problems. So its perhaps worth weighing up whether you want to smoke in your room or not!!All in all I had a great time at this hotel and would certainly use it again.	
Nov 17 2007 	Good for our needs	Stayed here as we needed a cheap(ish) hotel with parking in London. Were at Lords for 2 days and decided this would be a relatively easy communte. Just got the tube from Canada Water to St Johns Wood. Tried to check in early but couldn't - was told by reception that our twin room would be saved for us. After having dinner with friends didn't check in until after 11pm and room had been given to someone else. To be fair, no problem, were upgraded to a family suite at no extra cost - all very straightforward and had no issues. Room was spacious, clean and modern. Hotel quiet Free bus to tube station was very straightforward and car park was free and secure	
Nov 15 2007 	Outdated overpriced and hard to get to	As many have pointed out, the hotel is not near any tube station - Canada Water is a good 5 minutes by the shuttle which leaves every 15 minutes starting from 7 am. If you have an early morning flight you're out of luck. The rooms are dated, the heating oppressive (I stayed in 2232 in the main wing) with a sticker next to the thermostat stating that it controls both heating and cooling - it did nothing with the result I had to open the windows to let in cold air. The views are unimpressive as well as they overlook a residential building across the canal in front of the hotel. The room itself was smallish with carpet that was clean but very dated. I had asked for a non-smoking room and, in fact the entire second floor is supposedly a non-smoking floor but the room was smelling of cigarette smoke as was the case with the linen including the towels. When I informed the duty manager, he asked &quot;are you okay with it&quot;????. He promised to &quot;look into it&quot; when I got back from work but was nowhere to be found when I returned. Additionally, there is no minibar and no water - other than from the bathroom faucet - available.The gym is part of a health club that is about 1000 feet away from the hotel and requires stepping outside into the open. On a cold one has to go fully bundled up to work out . Since it was about 3 celsius on the day I was there, I chose to run to and from the health club rather than add layers of clothing.At 245 pounds plus taxes, a grossly overpriced and overrated hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	A superior alternative to a busy central london hotel	When you stay at the Hilton Docklands when visiting London, you realise what a London Hotel should be. Ok, it’s not in the centre of London, but this really is what makes this hotel standout from all others. A fast catamaran takes you from the private pier of the hotel into central London within minutes. You have the most amazing views of London that you will find in any hotel, being the awe inspiring towers of canary wharf towers or in the high rooms the stunning views of central London. You have I believe one of the finest hotel restaurants in terms of food quality, service and views together with staff who implacably deliver consistent levels of service. On top of this you have magnificent rooms, well presented, with extremely comfortable beds (the best nights sleep I have ever had), and all of this for very reasonable prices compared with London itself.The hotel comprises two parts being an old converted warehouse with character and charm, with the new part being a recent build with modern laid out rooms to a high standard with balconies. I was fortunate on my last stay to be upgraded to a deluxe room in the old warehouse side, and this room was massive, well presented and being a corner room had stunning views over two aspects. Unfortunately sharing with my brother, a double wasn’t suitable so we where instead moved to a twin deluxe room in the new section. This again had stunning views, and identical to the previous room, every amenity you would require including irons, broadband internet (cost), bottles of water, etc.The package booked included dinner, bed and breakfast and having eaten at the restaurant previously, I can say that with the views, the quality of staff and great food you won’t find a better hotel restaurant in London. It is actually a buffet, but this is five star food served buffet style, with chefs on hand to also cook up other specials. The choice, quality and presentation of food is excellent, however if you don’t want the buffet, they will freshly prepare and serve food direct to your table. However it is the popularity of this restaurant which was the down side of our trip, in that having not made a reservation we where told we would have to wait until 21:30 to eat. If on check-in they had only asked us if we wanted to make a reservation for our inclusive meal, then our evening plans would not have been ruined, so a few points deducted here!Finally I should mention the staff and their continued efforts to make the stay everything you require. The front desk staff are friendly, well prepared and extremely efficient (other than restaurant reservations) and take the time to call your room half an hour after check in to ensure the room meets your expectations. They have full room service, a concierge, underground parking and even an on-site taxi firm who provide chauffeur driven Mercedes taxi service which can be billed to your room at prices as cheap as London cabs.Finally, don’t get put off that this hotel is outside London, as its either a 15minute taxi, or my recommendation is take the boat (6am to 11pm) which simply has to be the most stunning ways to get into London within 20minutes entering by river through tower bridge itself. PS don’t confuse this with the Hilton Canary Wharf on the docklands, this hotel I describe is the Hilton Docklands Rotherhithe Street which is considerably better than the sister hotel across the water.	
Oct 25 2007 	Disappointing	I was booked into this hotel for business for a week and on arrival, it seemed quite pleasant. Although it is not in Central London or near a tube station, the hotel runs a shuttle bus every 15 minutes from the hotel to Canada Water.The people at the desk were friendly when I checked in and everything went smoothly. However, as I walked to the lift to my hotel I found that the corridors were narrow and marked and the general feel of the hotel was dated. This did not improve after I reached my room.The room was large but definitely had a 70s feel with the carpet and decor, and the carpet was damaged in some places around the room. The beds were fine, and though the bathroom was small, that was also clean.My room did have a nice view, down the river Thames, and further exploration revealed that the deck is right on the river edge and there are some lovely views in both directions.In my room the tv remote was missing, and it took me three tries at the desk to get a new one. They were apologetic, however, if I had wanted to watch the tv it was impossible to change channels without it.The food is okay, but nothing special - the room service I found was better but it is all very overpriced and there are no nearby restaurants except at the shopping center at the tube station. The meeting rooms are nice but in some of the rooms the carpets are stained although it does look like they are renovating some of the facilities.Overall I felt that the hotel was extremely expensive for what it was and if I'd booked it myself I would have been very disappointed.	
Oct 19 2007 	the worst hitlon hotel in london	I am a Hilton Honours Gold member for almost now 5 years. this is the worst hitlon hotel in london and you need a map to find your room.One Morning we had the frog, so we cannot take the thames boat. the rooms are too small with size of 3x5 meters. They dont have a central heating/cooling system .And I get only 625 points for 4 nights.	
Oct 15 2007 	Reasonable but not excellent	Stayed in this hotel for two nights in a double-deluxe room. The room had a nice side view of the river and a small balcony. The room was clean and fairly well maintained but a little dated (the bathroom in particular had seen better days). Also disappointed that there was no hotel-info folder. Tried to access the information service on the TV but that did not seem to be working too well. No great loss though.The room did get awful warm at times and the aircon could not be reduced below 20 degrees meaning it was a bit warm at times, especially night time. The hotel layout is quite strange with winding corridors and bridges linking buildings. Think at one time it may have been converted from a block of flats meaning it's not quite up to the normal Hilton standard.Breakfast was good, wide variety of food. We had a bar meal which was also very nice - this was included in our package but was a little pricey if done separately. Shuttle bus service to Canada Water was fairly frequent and Jubilee line from there took us straight into the city centre. However, the last shuttle bus was at 11.35pm and we missed this one night. There was no taxi rank at the station so we had a bit of a trek back to the hotel.All in all, a reasonable hotel. Cheap by Hilton London standards but this is because it is not as central as others and the rooms and corridors etc needed some upgrading to meet the usual Hilton standard. Would probably look elsewhere before staying here again but then again we were on a budget at the time!	
Oct 2 2007 	Enjoyed a wonderful stay	We have just returned from a long weekend at the London Hilton Docklands. The Hotel enjoys wonderful views across Canary Wharf and we were fortunate in that our room had such a view. The staff are excellent, nothing is too much trouble for them. We were on a package that included dinner and the food was excellent. Although located in the Docklands there is a courtesy bus run between the hotel and Canada Water station so you never feel far from the centre of London. I would certainly stay here again and would recommend it to anyone especially if you are going to the O2 arena which is only two stops on the tube.	
Sep 26 2007 	Wonderful Weekend 	We stayed at the hotel on the 15th September for my Wife's birthday and couldn't have chosen a better place. The weekend went extremely well and that’s mostly thanks to the staff present during our stay. From the moment we checked-in to the second we checked-out the next day the customer service received was top class. I don’t think they could have done more to make our stay more welcome as everyone went out of their way to accommodate the surprises lined up for my Wife, i.e. delivering flowers and champagne to the room when asked to. We were upgraded to a fabulous room (deluxe plus) with river view and balcony which obviously helped as it was overlooking the Thames and across from Canary Wharf. Luckily we had great weather too so we could enjoy our lunch and breakfast out on the terrace which made it extra special.Unlike many other hotels I’ve stayed in nothing was too much or a chore and this was once again displayed when we received a complimentary dessert with ‘Happy Birthday’ written in chocolate for my Wife before check-out! Great gesture and put a smile on her face.At first I thought it might be far from the West End but it was only a 15-20 min tube ride on the Jubilee Line from Canada Water where you get dropped off by their complimentary shuttle so wasn't a problem at all. Thanks to this we had the luxury of having a great room on the Thames with superb views and a short trip into London to enjoy the theatre.This has got to be one of the best stays in a long time and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who's thinking of staying there for any occasion or trip. We just wished we had more time to enjoy our room and relax so next time we intend just to come down and enjoy the view with a nice bottle of wine.	
Sep 25 2007 	Awful truly awful experience	I am a Hilton Honours Gold member and have stayed at pratically every Hilton in London. This is by the far one of the worst I ever stayed in. I was upgraded to a suite`on the very top floor of the hotel and the decor was old and uninspiring. My friend and I developed a nasty itch the next day and to our horror we had pubic lice which we definitley caught from the hotel. To date they have refused to accept any blame whatsoever and I am forced to bother the courts. Please avoid this place they simply dont care.	
Sep 24 2007	Must have been lucky . . .	. . .and landed a refurbed room. Everything just fine. Great value for a weekend break. And what a view (see picture). Food &amp; staff both top rate!	
Sep 22 2007 	Refubished v furbished	I thought the London Dockalnds might be a very flash hotel, being based near the financial district, but I was rather mistaken.The layout of the hotel is slightly odd, being separated into 3 different &quot;blocks&quot;. MAKE ABSOLUTELY SURE you get a refurbished room. I saw both refurbished and unfurbished and the difference is incredible. I suspect the deluxe plus rooms, with river view, and the suites are actually gorgeous. But if you are in bog standrard, get a refurbished room and it is OK - nothing more nothign less. Rooms small but not too small. Staff try to be helpful but are not brillitanly trained. Location is a bit strange and bad for getting about Central London, biut fine if you just need somewhere to get your head down.	
Aug 20 2007 	A good stay	We (2 adults and 2 kids aged 6 and 8) stayed in a delux double room (though we booked for a family room) for a week in mid-August and found it comfortable and convenient. The room keeping was not consistent, but the hotel staffs are very helpful in resolving problems.The bus service to Canada water was very frequent and convenient and the underground and bus services were very efficient to take us around London.We would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2007 	Oh dear	Well where do I start. Arrived to stay for one night with relatives to be told that the Smoking room they had requested was not available. Advised them they were told twice to arrange this and after some hesitation they were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a smoking Deluxe Plus Room.We however as non smokers had to stick with a Hilton room. Now please do not take &quot;Room&quot; too literally. In overpriced London, this shoebox with a toilet was to say the least, tiny. All of the furniture was in a very battered state. The window did not open properly and we had a great view of some bins. Now I understand that we did not pay top $ for the type of room so that aside, the bed was comfy and the bathroom clean.I did see the Deluxe Plus room that my relatives were staying in and this was massive with full opening windows overlooking canary wharf. The furniture was of the same battered state however but I was advised that the beds were comfy and the room quiet.Afetr a late night we filled in our Room Service door cards to have the breakfast delivered to our room between 8am - 8.30am.At 8.30am I phoned down to room service asking where our food was to be told they had &quot;forgotten&quot; to pick up the cards. They were however extremely happy to give me financial advice by saying that if I went to the restaurent downstairs I would save the £6 tray charge. Its amazing how they were able to give me financial advice but not take a breakfast order!I advised this was not on and insisted that both of our rooms (as they had both been forgotten) required our requested breakfasts immediately due to the fact we were leaving early and they advised it would take 1hr to get them to us. I told them to bring it straight away and lo and behold it arrived.Non of it was correct. It was cold, jam but no toast and reheated rubber eggs. It may seem petty but they would have charged us 23.95 for the breakfast had we not taken it as a b&amp;b package and its not on.Overall disappointing and going the way of most Hiltons. Down a long slope relying on its name and not on the service it provides. Poor Paris won't have a great legacy left to her at this rate......	
Aug 13 2007 	Poor Location	Firstly the cab driver mistakenly drove me to the Hilton Canary Wharf (a new hotel on the 'docklands'). The resulting taxi to my actual hotel cost another £25 - this probably reflects poorly on the London Cab drivers rather than the hotel but its still worth a mention.The location of the hotel was poor - nothing much around it and very quiet! The tube stop was a 5 min bus journey away or 20 minute walk - not great when you are on business!The staff are extremely helpful and are the hotels major plus. I booked my room on a business basis and was annoyed that my room didn't have any internet access or air conditioning!!! I was moved to a smaller (but slightly nicer) room with the proper facilities.My newspaper that I had requested to be delivered to my room was not delivered on 2 of the 4 mornings that I had specified.And on my last night the alarms all went off at about 1am resulting in an evacuation only for the guests to be immediately told that it was a false alarm and everbody should return to there rooms.If on business do not stay here.	
Aug 12 2007 	Nice and relaxing	My husband and I have have just returned from a long weekend at this hotel and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had stayed at a Hilton before but in Birmingham so we had something to compare. The room we had was compact but it was clean. We had a little balcony but as we were on the side of the building the view was partially over the main entrance and part overlooking the Thames. We could not fault the food, there was plenty and it was all delicious! The staff are all polite and give the impression that nothing is too much trouble but I dont think they follow up on all problems. On our first morning we had a wake up call at 7.00am. We had not booked any wake up calls! We told reception when we went down to breakie, they apologised and said they would make sure it didn't happen again. Guess what, next morning another wake up call at 7:00am.!! That was our only gripe, the free shuttle bus to and from the tube is handy but at peak times you can be waiting awhile as it only seats 10-12 people. Hotel is ideally situated if you are going to the O2 as it is only 2 tube stops away	
Aug 9 2007 	Hilton Docklands Hotel	I had a great stay in the London Hilton Docklands Hotel. I had to problems one was with the room the heating was unable to be switched off and it was on full. for the middle of the summer it was to warm.The second problem i had was that i wasn't in the hotel someone had charged room service to my room i was there for an hour when i was checking out trying to sort it out. they confirmed that i would never get charged as they checked the signatures which weren't mine. 3 days after getting home over £50 was taken out of my account. Still unresolved 10th aug 2007 Wouldn't Recommend (Thieves.) not very happy will never stop or recommend the hotel to anyone.!!!!	
Aug 8 2007 	Nice hotel great for the money!	We stayed in this hotel during a two week visit to London in June. Admittedly, we stayed at this particular Hilton because we were using HHonors rewards, and this was what was available with a room for 3. However, we were delighted with our stay. Sure, it wasn't in central London, and we had to take the hotel shuttle and then the tube everywhere we went, but that's how you would get around anyway (unless you're crazy enough to drive), so it didn't really matter whether we were in Kensington or the Docklands! The shuttle was always running, always convenient. Our room was GREAT, nice and large, airy, just like the pictures, with a balcony overlooking the Thames. Sure we had to wind through hallways to get to our room, since the hotel is made up of several different buildings, but who cares? Comfortable beds, cozy linens and pillows, big, soft towels, Crabtree and Evelyn soaps (that stuff is important to me - why does no one mention that??); cordial, polite and helpful staff if not exactly friendly; and decent, though expensive, on-site restaurant. Housekeeping was perfect every day. After being here for two weeks, it became our little home. Only drawback I could see would be lack of AC in all the rooms - might be a little hot in July/August! and watch for all those extra expenses - phone charges, in room high speed internet, etc., which you'll run into no matter where you stay. We loved it and definitely recommend and would stay there again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Ok hotel	I stayed at the Hilton London Docklands for 1 night in July. I selected this hotel because I was flying out of London City Airport. The hotel itsself is ok, nothing great but the area it is not great nor is it located near anything.I ate dinner in the restaurant because I wasn't going to venture out. The restaurant is very expensive for what you get. This is basically a buffet restaurant with limited selections. I am not a fan of British food so maybe I am not a good judge of the food. Regardless, it is very expensive - 23 pounds for the buffet - includes dessert but not drinks.I booked a taxi through the hotel &amp; there was some confusion as to whether or not I could book it to my room &amp; also if a taxi was actually coming. This Hiilton is not as &quot;smooth&quot; as many of the others I have stayed at. I am not sure if I would stay here again even if flying out of London City.	
Jul 30 2007 	It was great!!!!	we had a great time.great service, the location isn't ideal but the hotel has a shuttle that goes every 15 min to the tube, making it really easy and painless. I think it's not so important to stay in the heart of the city espeicially if you're on a budget. the tube system is incredible and you can get a day pass for 10 $ and go anywhere!!!we had a water view which was beautiful and breakfast was perfect. we paid 150 $ a night on priceline and it was really wroth it.I highly reccomnd staying there.	
Jul 27 2007 	A week in London	My family and I spent seven nights at this hotel in July and, because there are five of us, we needed two rooms. Staff were very helpful on arrival and found us two rooms next to each other, although this hotel does not have interconnecting rooms. It's not a 'straightforward' building, a bit of a maze, but we quickly figured out where we were going, and I think it makes a building more interesting.Dinner the first night was a bit of a disaster - the food was too 'fancy' for hubby and kids, and the cooking left something to be desired. The hotel had no apple juice, and when you have an autistic son that won't drink anything else, this is a disaster in and of itself. The rooms, however, were big and airy with nice views (one room had a little balcony), and were very clean. The furniture seemed reasonably new and everything worked as it should, apart from one bathroom lock (non-existant) and the air-con (worked fine but was noisy). There was plenty of tea and coffee, and someone came 'round with bottled water every morning.Breakfast each morning was fine, with a good selection and friendly staff (wouldn't pay £18 for it, tho'!). Still no apple juice by the second day, so we suggested to the manager that he go out and buy some. He did - and my son had apple juice for the rest of his stay, including a carton in his room (nice touch!). We wanted to spend 3 days in London doing 'tourist stuff' and 3 days at the ExCel centre for a convention, and we found the hotel pretty well-placed for this. The hotel is a 5 to 10 minute drive from Canada Water underground station and the hotel provides a shuttle minibus service, which we found very helpful. There is also a bus stop right outside the hotel, if you're back too late for the shuttle (which ran until 11.30pm).Pricewise, we got a good deal (for London). Hilton hotels offer a room for the children at half price when you pay full price for the adults' room.	
Jun 23 2007 	Excellent service	Stayed for one night on Monday 18th June for business meeting, free courtesy bus picked me up from Canada Water underground and transported to Hotel. The view from hotel is excellent, overlooking Canary Wharf and river thames. The reception staff were friendly and provided all necessary information. The standard of room was excellent and size is what you get in London and furnishing as normal by Hilton. The bar and restaurant provided delicious food and I would recommend this hotel for anyone staying for a business trip.	
Jun 19 2007 	satifactory stay	Free parking and regular shuttle to the nearest tube a big plus. Rooms small, but up to date. Nice radio with connector for ipod. Pity that there wasn't a mini bar in the room. Location not so great if you want to explore London, but the shuttle and hilton ferry help. Breakfast as good as ever. Not the best hilton in london, but not the worst.	
Jun 9 2007 	Not Hilton quality - Nice and helpful employees	I stayed there for four nights. First room 2622 had a lovely view but the aircondition did not work. They tried to repair it 1:00 in the morning. Second day they helped me with another room with no specially good view 1310. It was a &quot;Luxury room&quot; but no special about that. Positively the aircondition worked.BUT i use internet a lot, and that was not available in this &quot;Luxury room&quot; I then had to go to the lobby :-(Then I got another room, where the aircondition and internet worked.Not the best experience. Room 2622 was very nice.I found the hotel dirty and not really looked after. But nice employees whom were trying the best to help med.	
May 24 2007 	Go there if you want to drink but not to sleep !	I booked a deluxe plus room with a river view because I had to work a lot in the room during my stay and enjoy the view on Canary wharf.Upon arrival I was “upgraded” to a family room, with three single beds and a back view.I went back to reception and was told that this had to be considered as an upgrade because the price of this room was lower. When I complained arguing that I wasn’t even looking for an upgrade but only and simply for the room I booked and was ready to pay for!For me, as a business traveller, a family room with a horrible “wall view” is definitely a “downgrade”!After arguing again politely I was “pushed” into a deluxe plus room, after having spent 75 minutes waiting in the lobby!But the story is not over. As a “punishment”, I was given room 1225, nice room but having the “privilege” of being located just over the bar and the terrace bar. And guess what happened?4 drunken guys shouting on the terrace bar at 11:30 PM at about 2 meters from my window!I complained again, a nice and friendly man from reception tried to do its best to have those people go inside, without result.Then, at midnight, I asked to be moved. The hotel being full, I was parked in a single disabled room which then appeared to be very small but at least quite (room number 2032)Having left home at 4.30 in the morning to catch my plane to London, and after 4 hours sleep at the Hilton, I finally woke up “fresh and in good shape” for my important business meeting.	
May 6 2007 	Beware! outrageous phone charges doubled the room price	I was appalled to get my bill for a one night stay in this modest hotel and to find the price I anticipated was more than doubled for telephone calls. The hotel will not make available the number for ATT Direct and a 15 minute call to New York cost me 66 pounds. I called London for a 24 minute call and was charged 21 pounds. When I complained, I was told that this was &quot;London Hilton policy&quot;. I will never stay at a Hilton in London again. Beware	
Apr 27 2007 	Nice hotel not a great area.....	Booked over hotwire. Got a standard room for $115.00, which was a great price. The same room is posted at the front desk for UK185.00 which translates into about $370.00. I emailed and requested a change to a twin room and they granted it without charge. Hotel staff were very friendly. They offer a free shuttle which will get you to the Canada Water tube stop. From there you can get anywhere in central London on the tube. If you want to see a lot of London, there is no really one great place to stay. Everything is spread out so you will have to take the tube or a taxi. The hotel is a converted warehouse. You have to cross a couple of canals to get to various parts of the hotel. It is an interesting layout. I have no major complaints. My only real issue was that we had two cab drivers tell us that we were not in a good area. We walked from a lovely nearby pub (Clipper) about a block to our hotel, thinking that was fine. Our driver that took us to the airport told us that we were very lucky that we did not run into trouble. This hotel is fine, but do use only the shuttle and take caution in roaming the neighborhood at night. If you are a night jogger, do not stay here. The room was clean and airy, the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries were nice, the food was good (but expensive because of the weak dollar). We enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Docklands.	
Apr 22 2007 	A Princess Experience	I stayed at the Hilton hotel in the Docklands, and was delighted!!! The reception staff greeted us with a smile and were very helpful. The hotel itself was gorgeous and set in a terrific location,with plenty of transport links, a wide selection of shops and restaurants and a riverside setting. The room we stayed in was absolutely beautiful, the bed was huge (we later discovered to our disappointment was two mattresses pushed together - which was slightly uncomfortable), the bathroom elegant and the rest of the decor and furniture modern and smart. The view was a bit of a letdown as we faced another building and the food prices and mini bar contents were very expensive, but apart from that, our stay was fantastic!!!! I will definatly be back!!!!	
Apr 8 2007 	Don't expect great things	I've stayed here a couple of times now as to be close to the office in Canary Wharf which is just over the river. With my first stay I got a room upgrade and after navigating some pretty confusing and pretty tired looking corridors I had a room with a mini balcony over the river. The second time, I didn't get an upgrade and thus navigated the same corridors to a room at the back . I then spent all night listening to the kids in the street opposite go up and down the road pulling wheelies on a scooter - nice. Accommodation has been ok on both times - room has been clean but tired decor overall. Room service was efficient, ok value compared to other London hotels but left me feeling underwhelmed - pretty reflective of the overall hotel experience to be honest.	
Feb 25 2007 	Not bad could be better.	My double room are nice and clean, with plently of spare towels and complimentary soaps and shampoos in the bathroom. The swimming pool was okay, although abit cold. It was a small swimming pool, but not too small.Did not check out the food as they were charging £18 for the breakfast buffet. Best to buy breakfast elsewhere at a cheaper price. There wasn't much around the area, its very residential along the street.Also look out for the additional costs, our room cost £87 but we were charge another £12.50 after that for misc costs.	
Feb 16 2007	More Travel Lodge Than Hilton	This hotel is ideal for a short city break. Easy to find in the Docklands area, it is only short drive from the nearest tube station (Canada Water on the Jubilee line) and the hotel thoughtfully provide guests with a free bus to and from the station. The family room we were given was spacious with enough room to sleep 4 comfortably and had all the usual features like colour TV and tea and coffee making facilities. Despite asking for one, we didn't didn't get a room with a river view, all we could see was the next building and the room next door!  While the hotel was clean and modern, it really didn't feel like we were staying in part of a luxury hotel chain, the service and food in the restaurant was only adequate and some of the furniture in the room could have done with being repaired.Overall, I would only rate this as an average hotel in a good location, if you want somewhere just as a base for exploring London, it is ideal, but if you are looking for something a bit special, look elsewhere.	
Jan 17 2007 	Hotel was good New Years Eve	We payed for our stay for New Years Eve 2006 through a organisation who run parties which include hotel stay and party.We arrived around 9pm dropped our bags and headed for some food. The food for a buffet was ok but not much of choice, but again was nice. Ask for a bottle of Rose wine which should have checked the price which was £38 (would have rather had a gin and tonic) our meal was included in the price and said to charge it to the room but the waiter said it couldnt be done this way ( think he was expecting a tip for bringing £38 wine) NOT. Also the matre de disregarded us and didnt ask us if we were alright or if our food was ok. I put this down to the fact that they thought because it was included in the price of our ticket we were getting free food but we payed already. As I pointed out to him that I thought it was a bit rude.Anyway the room was lovely, fresh and clean. The bathroom bit small but nice. Bed was very comfy.NEW YEARS EVE PARTY DOWNSTAIRS WAS EXCELLENT AND GOOD VIBE.Breakfast was also included, food was alright enough to choose from, you have to catch the chef as he will prepare your eggs for you whichever way that you like not a problemOn a whole the stay was plesurable and would stay again.	
Jan 5 2007 	OK Hotel but not much around	Stayed at this Hilton on New Year Eve.Booked a standard room (Double Bed). Arrived by Tube and got the hotel shuttle bus. This runs every 15 minutes but at the time I arrived the queue was large and the bus only carries about 12 people and so had to wait for the next one. The bus stops on at 11pm on a Sunday night and Bank Holidays and so when we went out later that night we had to walk to the hotel from the tube which is about a 1.25 Mile walk.The hotel is split into three sections with a bridge to each side. We had booked two rooms and both where on the 5th floor in the middle section. Both rooms where on the side of the hotel had balconies looking out over the river.Room was OK. Not huge but not small. We booked Double rooms but I must say the beds seemed very small. Bathroom was clean but again very small.Went for breakfast (at a cost of £17 each). Usual Hilton buffet. Did not think that it was great value for money but nice restaurant that looks out over the river.Area around the hotel is mainly housing so not much to do in the local area so it is a case of getting tubes, shuttle bus or shuttle boat over to Canary Wharf.	
Nov 11 2006 	Not bad could be better	Spent a night here. Was upgraded a room, but did not get a river view. I asked, but was told it would be GBP 20, which I was unwilling to pay. It seems like there is a nice healthclub/spa attached, but it was closed for restorations.I agree with others that the hallways are awful, especially if you have to carry a lot of bags. However, you have to put the hotel in context of her location of the docklands, which are full of history. In fact there are 6 buildings which are inter-connected to each other.The shuttle bus to the tube is a very easy way to get into the city, city airport and canary warf.I highly recommend the london docklands museum at canary warf to better understand the history of this place.Woud probably stay here again, especially if one wants to take a flight the next morning from london city airport, though there are other hotels in this area as well.	
Oct 28 2006 	Good hotel if you have to be in this area for business	I was lucky to get a room with 2 walls of windows and one good size balcony. The decor in the room was lovely but the corridors were worn and shabby.There is a courtesy bus from Canda Water tube station or a boat to the heart of Docklands. Really handy if you are working in Docklands but you would only stay here if you are happy to stay in the hotel or to be out all day as there is nothing else in the area.Staff helpful, food good.Housekeeping in my room left something to be desired as I found a pair of someone else's underpants hanging from the back of my bathroom radiator!!	
Oct 21 2006 	Relaxing by the river	I followed the advice of previous reviewers and asked for a room with river view and it was so peaceful to curl up in front of the window and watch the boats passing by after a full day. The sky line of Canary wharf gives another dimension on a London Stay. My husband and I stayed here for five nights in October and we were very satisfied. It was clean, a bit run down corridors but the room we stayed in was in good condition. N B there was no mini bar or safe in the room category we got. Every morning two bottles of mineral water was delivered free of charge to your room. The only flaw was that we had to change key card three times during our stay as it was demagnetised although we kept it separate from other items well aware of how easy that is to happen and then you had to go in those long winding corridors to get to the reception.. Breakfast was plentiful and as the weather was beautiful the terrace overlooking the river was a good option for the morning coffee. We had dinner one night included in the deal and that was a buffée dinner. The staff was very helpful and service minded. The gym is in a separate building so make sure to dress a bit warm if its cold in case you decide to change in your room and then walk to the facilities. The gym was also clean and tidy with quite modern equipment and a small pool.Would I stay there again? The answer is definitely yes if I would remain in the Docklands area. It would also be yes if I was to visit other parts of London and not was in a hurry as you have to allocate around 30-40 minutes to go by shuttle and the tube to Oxford circus.	
Oct 5 2006 	Return Visit	Spent a two night weekend there end of September. Had an upgraded room which was just so much better than the basic.Inclusive dinner on first night was buffet style with plenty of choice. Was most impressed with the way breakfast was coped with on the busy Saturday and Sunday mornings. Some staff seemed to have been there a good while , remembered from our last visit May 2005 when I praised them! There seems a really good team spirit in that department ! Really no negatives , courtesy bus system good and staff helpful to strangers. As long as you do not want to be in a hot tourist spot would thoroughly recommend .	
Sep 23 2006 	very good hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in Hilton Docklands during Aug 06. It is a new hotel with a modern design. The location is excellent for going around- the dockland rail is right outside and the canary wharf tube is 5 minutes walk away. However, if you are coming by road, it is not sign posted and the cab drivers had to ask around.The rooms are big for a London hotel and functional. We had to ask for a roll on bed for our daughter which was delivered promptly. The breakfast is adequate. The only minor quibble I had was the lack of wireless internet if you are staying above 2nd floor.All in all, a comfortable stay and recommended.	
Aug 16 2006 	Great Base for Seeing a Different Side of London	First of all, everyone please be aware that any comments on this site that are negative towards the hotel's location should be ignored. Of course this hotel is not in the West End or Soho, but the hotel does not claim to be. It is however, located in a nice quiet spot in the Docklands area, right on the river Thames. Many of the rooms offer balconies with views of the lively river and the stunning Canary Wharf area with its gleaming skyscrapers. If you do want to get to other parts of London, the hotel runs a ferry service to Canary Wharf, and there are also frequent bus services (both hotel-run and public) from the hotel to Canada Water tube and bus station. I recommend using the public bus service as the hotel shuttle can get full.The hotel's layout is a bit strange, made up of several different buildings which are connected by bridges that cross over old docks and locks. It can be a bit difficult to find your room at first but this isn't really a problem once you get used to things. As for the rooms, mine was above expectations with one double bed and one single bed, a sofa, lounge chair, desk, wardrobe and balcony. I would definitely recommend that you ask for or prebook a river view room. The room was definitely larger than the average London hotel room, but bathroom was a bit on the small side. However it did have heated flooring which was a really nice touch after you get out of the shower. Breakfast was included in my rate (not sure if it's included in all rates) and was buffet style. When the restaurant is full there are two buffet areas, but there is more choice from the area nearest to the restaurant entrance. Food choice was superb, including cold Continental-style items, cereals and porridge, all the trimmings for a traditional English breakfast, and even a few American breakfast items such as waffles and maple syrup. Hotel breakfasts in Britain, in my experience, are usually very good but this was the best I've had. My only gripe is that the servers took a bit too long to bring the coffee and tea (which are not self-service).Please don't choose this hotel if you expect to be in the centre of London, but if you'd like a superior hotel with larger rooms and a beautiful riverside setting, give this one a try.	
Jun 5 2006 	Stay here only if you HAVE to...	I stayed here with my husband who was here for business and this was where his company set him up. I would not stay here if we had a choice. I arrived on Wednesday night and we left on Friday.The hotel is very big and not very charming at all. The very small hallways with what seems like hundreds of tiny rooms packed together were depressing.The room we got was by my husband's request a nice room. It was not very big and had 2 single beds. We asked for a queen but they didn't have one and my husband who arrived first was too busy to insist or change room. The location is also not really ideal but you can take the hotel ferry across the river. On Friday, while I was packing and getting ready to check out, the fire alarm went off. The noise was deafening and there seemed to also be an alarm inside the room so the tiny room filled with a very loud screech. It was horrible, I left the room and went to reception to see what was going on...they said it was test. OK, so I went back thinking it would be turned off soon, I was wrong. It went on for what seemed forever as I tried to hurry my packing so I could get out of my very loud room. It was really horrible.I did not enjoy my stay here. It lacked charm and the staff seemed indifferent to you. By the way, my husband told me that for the same price as what his company paid to stay here, they could have stayed at a nicer hotel..but the Hilton Docklands was close to his office.	
May 22 2006	Absolutely Fantastic	we stayed at the hotel for 3 nights from 19-22 May 2006, what a treasure of a hotel. Staff very helpful as it was my daughters birthday they arranged a cake with special requirements and made an extra effort for her. The room was something else!!! we booked a family room and expected 1 room with sofa beds and ended up with a 2 bedroomed accomodation not interconnecting which was fantastic as the my daughters are only young and was nice for some time alone when they had gone to bed. Breakfast was fantastic with lots of choice and was HOT. Great location with a free bus between hotel and tube station ideal with children after a long days walking around london. Abig thankyou to HILTON for making a birthday special.	
May 12 2006	Great Marathon Weekend	We stayed at the Hilton Docklands 22-24 April for the marathon weekend. My husband was due to run but unfortunately fell ill and was hospitalised in February and was advised by the doctors not to run. As we booked a special offer deal that could not be cancelled we decided to go anyway to soak up the atmosphere and support a family member who was also running - a good opportunity to suss out the hotel etc as he automatically gets a place for the 2007 marathon. This was an excellent base for both runners and supporters. Just two streets in front of the hotel (salter street) was the 10 mile mark, go back to the hotel and get on the boat across the river and you are at the 19 mile mark, then get on the thames clipper to the Savoy Pier and you reach 25 miles, then walk to St James' Park to meet your friends and family at the finish. The room was large with a balcony and side river view, and although not the most up-to-date, was perfectly functional - and I gather this was one of their smaller standard rooms. The food was excellent and plentiful - breakfast was even run earlier and later than usual to accommodate the competitors. Reception were more than helpful in booking us a taxi to Peckham Rye to visit my brother on the Saturday Night (would recommend the Rye Hotel for a bite to eat too). We would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 8 2006	Top Notch	Two night weekend stay 5/6 May 2006. This hotel is the best Hilton we have stayed in, only Southampton comes close. All facilities were excellent and the most pleasing thing was the superb attitude of the staff. Very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The price was excellent - special offer - but even at full rates the value would have been good. The hotel is well out of central London, oppposite Canary Wharf, but the excellent boat service made it easy to travel between central London and Greenwich. Courtesy bus to nearest tube station at Canada Water on Jubilee line. Only minor quibble was that Dinner was buffet only - no waiter service - but the quality of the food was very good with a wide choice. Also Living Well health club was in an adjacent building with a very small pool but this is being very picky. We will certainly go there again.	
Mar 20 2006 	Nice stay at the Docklands Hilton	Stayed at the Docklands Hilton for a conference in November, 2005. The conference facilities were very nice &amp; very convenient. It was not a great location for any attempt at a social life after-hours, however, but the ferry across teh river, which connected to ferries downtown, and the shuttle to the tube were a life-saver. Taxi from Heathrow was well over $100.Food was hard to find on the same side of the river - within walking distance. Food provided for the conference was excellent. Food and drink in the bar was good - but horribly expensive. Hard to say if I would stay again since it was so far out of town. But it was an interesting hotel, with personality, and not even close to as bad as we all anticipated when we heard we were staying in the Docklands.	
Mar 11 2006	Catered for dietary request	Stayed here in Feb 2006 - catered for dietary request (diabetic) by providing fresh fruit salad and low sugar jam at breakfast time (this is fantastic and very unusual to have requests noted and acted on in a friendly manner). Staff were very pleasant and helpful all over the hotel. Made use of the courtesy bus to the tube station.	
Mar 6 2006 	Not a great hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on business and would not stay here again. The hotel is tired and shabby. I changed my first room as it was tiny with a very narrow one door wardrobe and a small desk. Upon check in, I was offered no assistance to my room with luggage. When I complained about the price of the room and that I wanted to change, the reception were not terribly pleasant, and twice corrected me.Getting to the rooms is extremely complicated - lots of narrow, draughty bridges. For guests with walking difficultes, I would definitely not recommend this hotel! The river boat to Canary Wharf is very quick, but expensive. The hotel is in the middle of no-where, with no local amenities. Breakfast and dinner were OK - dinner was a self service buffet - extremely expensive! The phone calls were also very overpriced.I would not stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 26 2006	a pleasant stay - quiet location	Just stayed here for a weekend. Pleasant location with views of canary wharf. Staff helpful and attentive at breakfast. A bit of a long walk to hotel room through meandering corridors , so maybe not suitable if cannot walk far.Also dodgy lip on entrance to bathroom but managed to avoid stubbing my toe. Easy to get into london via courtesy bus to underground. Local area a bit deserted altho two nearby pubs for food and an evening drink. I would stay here again.	
Jan 24 2006 	Average or even below if you are not lucky with a room	I've stayed there during my recent business trip since it was close to the corporate office of the company I was visiting.Well, I've been before in Europe so I was ready for the room. It was actually OK for London. But I was &quot;lucky&quot; to get a room with a view on some warehouse facilities and the road. It was really noisy, windows doesn't help at all. There are some gates which are opened and closed all the time with such terrible sounds that I thought I will have a headache forever. Internet's price is over the roof with the wireless signal &quot;low&quot; or &quot;no signal&quot; at all. I didn't like breakfast also: great variety but everything serious like meat or sausages is tasteless. If you are a tourist interested in visiting London's main attractions, the location is not very convinient also.	
Dec 26 2005 	Security???? WHAT SECURITY??!!	My boss (male) and I (female) stayed at the Hilton Docklands on a business trip for 4 days. My boss had already arrived the night before, so he met up with me when I arrived, I checked in and we went to the bar.We were minding our own business, having a drink, when a male guest who was completly drunk sat down next to us. He was commenting on my breasts, looking at my legs under the table, asking us if we were going to sleep together and he was being completely racist to my boss, who is Portuguese. I was shaking all over and quite frankly as a woman I felt extremely uncomfortable.I looked over at the barman, giving him a look, which he gladly picked up immediately, then proceeding to explain to who I thought must have been the Duty Manager. As I heard him quietly telling him, while this man carried on swearing and being rude, the barman told him that the drunk was disturbing us. Never the less, nothing happened....We then finished our drinks and left, still not wanting to make a scene. On the way down the stars, the man whom I thought was a Duty Manager said, 'I know that man was bothering you, but you didn't tell me you wanted him to leave. I can't go up to anyone and tell them to leave. Plus, he's a regular guest of ours' I couldn't believe it - as if we didn't matter because we've never been there before!The next day I went to the bar to thank the barman. He explained the gentleman whom I thought was the Duty Manager was actually the Security Manager!!!Well thank you very much... I will never ever go there again, and I feel safer in my local PUB.	
Dec 5 2005	great breakfast but...	The hotel is a bit of a labyrinth but that isn't the worst problem. The room at the top floor was big enough but the bed was very small for 2 persons. Good matress however.The bathroom was mini. Not a big problem if you can make a deal who takes a shower first.But what disgusted me was the dirty floor, the towels that didn't smell very fresh, unidentified 'things' on the walls, the dust on the furniture, etc. Also the furniture was totally worn out.But on the other hand : friendly staff and excellent breakfast!If they should spend money and energy for some renovation and instruct the employees about 'how to clean a room' this would be an excellent hotel.	
Nov 25 2005 	Handy but tired	This is really handy if you are going to Canary Wharf, and even travelling into the City is fun if you take the river boat.However, the hotel looks tired and is a generic Hilton, which clearly hasn't had any attention for the past 15 years or so. My first room had faulty aircon/heating (both on full even when apparently switched off), but they offered me a new room without fuss, even though it was 12:15am.Breakfast was disappointing - plenty of food, but nothing special. Service was fine, and am sure the rooms that look out on the river have a nice view, but on the whole just a bit uninspiring.	
Oct 5 2005	Suited Us Fine	We travelled from Australia and stayed 4 nights in London before driving further afield. Having visited the main tourist sights of London previously we chose the Hilton Docklands from an internet deal. After an initial shock at seeing our room on the top floor, it was quite narrow with a small bathroom, we settled down on the balcony with a duty free gin and commenced to admire the wonderful 180 degree view of London from Big Ben &amp; Westminster around the Thames, London City, Tower Bridge all the way to Canary Wharf across the river. The room was adequate (for the price) however the hotel could do with remodelling and freshening up the passages.The location proved excellent for exploring the docklands area of London, the Docklands Museum across the river at Canary Wharf is a 'must see' and the Brunnel Tunnel pump house in Rotherhithe is well worth a visit. There are good pubs nearby and the Thames Path walk reveals many wonderful sights.Staff were very friendly, helpful and the buffet breakfast was excellent.	
Aug 4 2005	Sounds Great But Is Actually horrid!!!	Stayed for a month only because it was located directly across the river from my Corporate office. Staff is mainly Eastern European and they do not have the best command of the English language which makes it difficult to get a point across, especially when there is a problem and in my case there were many. For starters the air conditioning either works too much (very cold) or not at all. I had both extremes and it took 3 moves in the month I was there to get a room with decent AC. London in the Summer can be very hot and humid despite the city's reputation. The rooms are extremely small and cramped, especially the toilets (unless you get a corner room with 2 double beds). The interior is quite worn and looks not to have been remodeled since around 1990. There is a single ice machine, located on the ground floor but the hotel has no ice buckets, you are expected to go down with glasses to retrieve ice. The food prepared there is truly bad, even the breakfast buffet is less than second rate. You are better off eating meals at one of the nearby pubs which should give you an indication of the food at the Hilton. One would expect as a Hilton Honors member like myself staying for a month I would get a minimum of consideration--forget it the staff doesn't care and apparently neither do the Management whom I spoke with many times. The laundry service is questionable at best, they lost 2 shirts in one week. The new Marriot across the river is more expensive but far superior and more easily accessible to public transport such as the tube and Docklands Light Rail.	
Aug 1 2005	the excellent london hilton docklands	This was the best hotel I have ever been to. It cateres for people of all ages as I had taken my children with me. The food in the hotel was the best I have ever tasted and lots of it aswell. The rooms were very clean and spacious. the free bus service from the hotel to the canada waters tube station was excellent. Y ou could get to london in no time at all. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay out of london at nightime as it is relaxing looking over the river thames while eating your meals or having a relaxing drink at night time. Go and see it for yourself I will be going back again.	
Jul 28 2005	Another great stay at Docklands	This is my third stay at Hilton Docklands. I love the location, and the river view rooms in the Wharf Building really make the stay special. Staff always very helpful.	
May 16 2005	First time at a Hilton	We stayed at the Hilton Docklands on May 13th and 14th 2005 as the internet site I use gave this as the best deal. We come up to London from the SW of England about 3 or 4 times a year and normally stay at Thistles or Travel Inns nearer the West End but the rate here was the best this time and when we got a letter from the hotel saying dinner was included on the Friday night it was better still. The room was on the small side but clean and quiet. The breakfast was excellent and the buffet dinner was very good but I have to agree with a previous correspondent that drink prices were far too expensive. Staff both at reception and in the restaurant were excellent. The only real criticism was the courtesy mini bus system. Returning from the theatre on Saturday night there was a long queue for the bus at Canada Wharf Tube Station and we ended up getting an ordinary bus (No 225) which stops right outside the hotel. The following morning we noticed there were 2 courtesy buses in the hotel car park so one wonders why they don't run both between say 2230 and 2330 on Fridays and Saturdays. Other than that no problems and we would certainly consider staying again although it is a bit far out.	
Mar 21 2005	Excellent setting 	hotel rooms spacious &amp; clean,staff probably the most friendly &amp; helpful i have met.only one negative &amp; that was the mini bus shuttle to canada water tube was on the small side .but there again it was complimentry so who am i to complain!	
Mar 20 2005	Super hotel with tiny swimming pool !!	A group of us were in London for a weekend in December 2004 and stayed in this hotel and cannot praise it highly enough. I arranged everything with the hotel by email although slightly cheaper rates available on the web - but felt happier dealing directly. My companions incorrectly presumed there was a serious undercharge as a twin room b/b worked out at 50 GBP per person per night which we thought was excellent value !! Rooms were on the top floor with side river views and seemd to be recently renovated and were very spacious. Breakfast was fantastic. The only downsides were: 1 - slightly remote location but a courtesy shuttle bus gets you to the tube in 5 mins. Also boat across to Canary Wharf on a regular basis. 2 - Leisure Centre is actually next door in what appears to be an apartment block so you have to go outside and down onto the street which I wasn't happy about and the pool and jacuzzi are tiny !!.PS - the hotel is actually on the south side of the the Thames directly across from Canary Wharf and is not really the docklands - our taxi driver never heard of it but when we told him it was in Rotherhithe he remembered - apparently used to be a Holiday Inn.	
Mar 13 2005	twice not so lucky	we stayed here last year, we arrived and had to argue with reception for the double room we ordered as they wanted to give us a twin room, then after trecking to our room the view out of the window was not the thames but of other rooms, and the room whilst nicely set out was spoilt by the feeling of coucil flats, i asked for upgrade but non was available but the suite we paid the extra for the suite, it was beautiful and the views were amazing we were so happy but on being in the suite began to notice how dirty and poorly decorated it was and when i xomplainted twice to recption they ignored me. the food was amazing and the dinner was of a buffet nature included in our package however it was all marred by a grubby room. we wrote and complained and send photos of the aprtment which we had paid quite a bit more we were offered to come back for a complimentary stay which we did however it was very embarrasing as all the staff were obviously told that we were the complainers !! the suite was beautiful although much smaller thqan the previous and on the ground floor however this time the food was simple and cafe type but by this stage we had given up on complaining however i must say on the wholse the staff are brilliant and always try and help	
Mar 5 2005	Dreadful Docklands Hilton	Having stayed the previous night at the wonderful Hilton hotel in Cardiff we decided to extend our trip with a visit to london. The helpful staff in Cardiff found us a room at the Docklands Hilton. We wish they hadn't! This hotel had the look of a prison despite its splendid location on the Thames. After checking in at reception we embarked on an assault course. Our room was down passages, up lifts, across a bridge, and when we found it we were totally unsure of how to get back. Then the fun began. TV didn't work, the bathroom was miniscule and grotty, so small in fact we could barely use the lavatory. The room did have a good view.The pool closed early so we couldn't use it. The Boat restaurant was closed. The buffet restaurant began removing the food whilst we were on our first course. I then decided to eat in the room and the room service was prompt and the food good. My partner left early in the morning to go up river for a meeting whilst I tried to enjoy a morning lie-in. No such luck, as the fire alarm sounded. No problem, I believe in safety, so pulled clothes on and trekked to the assembly point (reception). With no ceremony I was herded along with other guests to the park over the road. Then...nothing, no explanation, no interest. The Hilton's staff were checked against lists, the guests not. We waited until the staff began wandering back to the hotel, so we followed. Still no explanation or interest whatsoever. Went back to room packed and left. Oh yes, we ordered a Telegraph newspaper which didn't come, but it was charged. When I asked about this I was informed, a bit late really, that they 'didn't do the Telegraph' and offered me a Times from a nearby pile.Is all this what the Hilton Group feel that their hotel should be like?	
Jan 31 2005	Very nice hotel but about 45 minutes away from centre	Spent a very nice weekend in this hilton. Very nice and big rooms, clean, friendly staff and shuttle bus which runs every 10-15 minutes and takes you to the nearest tube-station.Excellent hilton breakfast buffet......Only drawback, location of the hotel. It takes you about 60 minutes to get to Oxford Street and downtown London.	
Jan 27 2005	Fantastic Hotel	I have stayed at the Hilton docklands a few different times now, the most recent being last weekend, I have stayed in standard rooms, family rooms and deluxe plus room. The old side of the building is much nicer than the new as it has much more character. I have stayed in around 9 or 10 different hilton hotels in the last couple of years and I have to say that this hotel is certainly the best, the staff are always very helpful, the location is beautiful overlooking canary wharf, The rooms are clean and a good standard, I find the best ones are with a balcony though. The breakfast is also the best out of all the hiltons I have stayed in, there is so much to choose from, also there is free parking which is a bonus. You can also get the hotels ferry over to canary wharf and then catch a thames clipper to the city, much more fun than the tube! my children loved it. I would definetely recommend this hotel I have never been disapointed	
Dec 21 2004	Mixed views	Have just spent 4 days at the Hilton London Docklands and whilst we did not find it up to Hilton standards our stay was pleasant enough. The jubilee line is excellent and the little Hilton bus for picking up clients at the station worked well. The staff were very kind and helpful. The extensive breakfast buffet we felt could have been reduced and more emphasis put on quality rather than quantity. There were however two problems on one day the alarm went off in the room twice and we were told if it continued we would have to evacuate....luckily it was only a technical fault and our room telephone rang one morning at 6 am and kept ringing at intervals - when we rang reception they knew nothing about it - next night at midnight the telephone rang again so it was necessary to leave it off the hook. The hotel is very well situated for trips to Canary Wharf and the Jubilee Line goes direct to Bond street.	
Dec 20 2004	below average	This hotel might be called &quot;Hilton&quot; but it is most certainly not what you expect of a Hilton hotel, rooms where really rundown, old and in desperate need of redecoration, the only good thing about the hotel is the breakfast, which is exceptionally good. My advice, if you expect Hilton standard, do not stay at the Hilton Docklands.	
Nov 14 2004	Average but free parking	I stopped here with my wife and 2 children on Friday 3rd September 2004 in a family room which was a reasonable size for a city hotel. We found the older part of the hotel a little tired and in desperate need of refurbishment. The hotels location is not ideal as you need to take the hotels shuttle bus to the nearest tube station at canada water which is a little frustrating. However, the room rate was only £108 for a family of 4 and the hotel provided free car parking.	
Sep 30 2004	Only Average for a Hilton	Don't be taken in by the fact this is a Hilton, although this is a clean and tidy cheap and cheerful hotel, that does at least serve an above average breakfast. A Hilton 4 star is a stretch of anyones imagination however. While it may be ok for a one night business trip stop over, a place to impress and pamper the wife it isn't. The rooms are compact to put it mildly with a total waste of space balcony and there is little to cheer about in the bar, when you see the prices, double some pub prices, £6.95 for a glass of house wine, and £ 4.50 for a single Baileys !. There is free parking, which is good because your in the middle of nowhere, The free shuttle to the local underground would be a good idea if it carried more people, we had to wait twice for it to come round again. On the plus side spotlessly clean and if you can get on the free shuttle the Jubilee line awaits, if you still use this hotel do it midweek and not at the weekends.	
Sep 27 2004	FRIENDLY SHORT BREAK	Stayed 2 nights (£149.00 for 2 adults) with B&amp;B and dinner on the first night. The room was great and the staff friendly. Used the gym which was also great. The food at breakfast was very good but not impressed with the evening meal and glad I did not pay the normal price (£20+).... poor choices. The free mini bus to and from the tube is a must as the hotel is located in the middle of a residental area with nothing near by except a pub and shop. However 20 mins walk to leisure area, bowl cinema and food. My only upset was the bar prices £9.90 for a lager and a glass of wine! The pub got most of my trade. Overall a nice friendly hotel who charges too much for drinks. Would use this hotel again if the price was right.	
Sep 10 2004 	Didn't like the Docklands Hilton	This was not an enjoyable business stay - I would look somewhere else next time. The hotel itself is quite dingy. Other disappointments, no facecoths, the iron didn't work, the heat didn't work, the kettle was filthy and the sink didn't drain. Customer service was overall quite poor.	
Aug 8 2004	Loved It		
Jun 29 2004	Have become a regular		
Mar 13 2004	Not in the Docklands 		
Mar 5 2004	Nice but not very nice		
Feb 26 2004	Loved the friendly staff		
Feb 24 2004	Fine place		
Sep 8 2003	Great Location		
Aug 17 2003	Fantastic Breakfast		
Feb 23 2003	Very friendly and quiet hotel		
Nov 27 2002	Great views		
Oct 8 2009 	Top sekret...		
Sep 20 2009 	très bon hôtel légèrement excentré		
Sep 8 2009 	Zentrale Lage saubere Zimmer leckeres Frühstück!		
Sep 2 2009 	???????????		
Jul 27 2009 	Ganz ok... Aber von einem Hilton erwartet man mehr...		
Jul 27 2009 	Super! DIE Adresse in London!		
Jul 18 2009 	Bell'albergo in riva al fiume		
May 6 2009	Viel besser als erwartet - unbedingt empfehlenswert für Städtereise!		
Feb 7 2009 	Pas mal...Si on a un bon tarif...		
Jan 19 2009 	bon rapport qualité pour prix dégriffé		
Aug 17 2008 	Super Hôtel dans une ville magnifique		
Feb 14 2008 	Molto confortevole		
Aug 27 2007 	Ruhig gelegen mit Fähre nach Canary Wharf		
