Nov 20 2009 	Disapooined!	My partner and I visited the Westbury for a romantic couple of days. He had booked a show. We left our room to shop for a few hours on our return we rushed around getting ready for the night and both of us thought the other had moved a pair of his shoes WITHIN our suitcase. Also I couldn't see a scarf that I knew should have been in the bag.It wasn't until I got home that I realised the scarf had gone and a tube of cream; we then questioned one another and realised that someone had been through our suitcase. Security were informed but have never ever rung with a conclusion. It was odd that no one turned down our bed for the evening. My partner regularly stayed at this hotel for business and pleasure. He checked 8 clients and himself in for a business meeting in April. We will never return. In fact he is booked into another hotel in Mayfair next week. My parter used to stay here at least 8 times a year.	
Nov 16 2009 	If you get a heavy discount you’ll get great value. Pay top dollar and you may be disappointed	Stayed there on Friday and Saturday night. It’s a smart 5* Hotel. The rack-rate for their cheapest room is £450. I paid about a fifth of that and loved the place. If I’d paid full whack I would have been unhappy. What I got was good value, but wouldn’t have been for the full price. The niggles about the room were minor, but here goes. Initially I thought the bathroom was locked. The lock was faulty and the door difficult to open. The stopper on the sink didn’t work, and the flow of hot water resembled a kitten pissing.The shower was in the bath, but the water didn’t drain properly so I had a shower while standing in dirty water up to my ankles.In the bedroom the bed was comfortable, and road noise was only slight. There’s a nice combined TV and ‘guest entertainment centre’. To listen to music on that costs substantially. I was able to dismiss this as just a tacky irritation, but if I’d paid a lot for the room I’d be very disappointed. I also couldn’t find anything in the room to say what time check-out was. It’s a small detail, but it’s irritating to have to ring Reception to find out.On the plus side, the room was comfortable and stylish. The cocktail bar downstairs was excellent, with first class cocktails and very efficient service. The concierge kept our cases after we had checked out with no fuss. The location is very good. It’s handy for Mayfair, shopping and Underground stations.One final niggle: The hotel is situated on Conduit Street, yet they list Conduit Street, Bond Street and somewhere else variously as their address. Having three different addresses made the place difficult to find and was unnecessary. They should decide on one address and stick to it.The bottom line is that your satisfaction with the place will depend on what you paid for your room. If you get a heavy discount you’ll get great value. Pay top dollar and you may be disappointed.	
Nov 5 2009 	very nice short holiday	i stayed the Westbury for only 4 nights but i enjoyed it....maybe not the biggest rooms in the world but excellent service, staff very polite and attentive...they try to accomodate every single request with a smile.....lovely bar, very fancy, fast and professional front office staff and great concierge, friendly and really professional especially, dont remember names, the serbian and italian guys....I would defintely stay again there....hasta luego	
Oct 20 2009 	Not worth the money ...	The only plus side with this hotel is its location, being in a very nice neighborhood, close to Oxford Street, Regent Street and Picadilly. I stayed here in October for four nights and my major dissatisfaction was about the room. It was so small that I hardly had any space to get dressed/undressed. The furniture was worn out and did not give you the impression that it was cleaned properly. There were tiny, brown stains in my sheet (probably blood) which I asked to be changed. The bathroom was the worst of all. It was so tiny that I couldn't wash my hands standing in the center in front of the sink, but only on the right hand side, because the toilet seat was in the way! It was definitely not cleaned properly; there were hair all over the place and stains in the bath tub. The shower head had mould on it, which is absolutely unacceptable. As for the breakfast, for which we had to pay an extra 25 Pounds, there was no variety. In addition, the attitude of the stressful manager made you feel like you were in the way and that you had to quickly sit down, eat and leave. The next morning, we enjoyed our sandwiches at a nearby Pret-a Manger much more at a much lower price. To sum up, this hotel does not deserve the stars and I'm sure there are much nicer hotels around if one is prepared to pay around 250 Pounds per night.	
Oct 15 2009 	Very nice experience	this was a very nice hotel. we had our 11 month old daughter with us and the staff accommodated us with ever request that we made. very close to many attractions and great shopping in london. during the 7 nights that we stayed there, a couple of celebrities were staying in the hotel also, that made the place even more exciting.	
Oct 5 2009 	Glad we didn't pay full price	We were transferred from the Kingsway Hall, which was apparently overbooked, so on arrival at that hotel had to travel back across London in taxi, which the hotel did pay for, to the Westbury. It is a 5 star hotel so it felt churlish to complain.The location is fantastic so that is a definite plus. We had full breakfast included in our orignally purchased package, and on that front we also did very well, as the breakfast was excellent and the restaurant and service there were properly 5 star.The room was quite small, fine for the price we paid but again would have been very disappointed if we had paid the prices we've seen quoted. The finish was not fantastic, chipped light fittings (i'm being picky but this is supposed to be 5*). The bed was very comfortable and the black out curtains were excellent.Our two main gripes with the room were, first that there was no tea and coffee facilities, I mean you get this in a travelodge where they have purposefully stripped back to the bare minimum so what possible justification can there be?! I asked the receiption staff, who looked at me as if i were mad and said it could be brought to the room for £5. Now if i had paid for this hotel direct I would have been very upset about that! Second on the first morning of our stay there was no cold water so had a scalding shower and brushed teeth with hot water. There was no complimentary bottle of water either, clearly want to wring every penny out of you that they can! So overall, not all bad but definite room for improvement.	
Oct 4 2009 	sub standard for the price	I spent one night at this hotel. Check in was efficient although a request for a reduced breakfast rate was turned down! My room was tiny and quite cramped for one person even though it was a superior double. Bathroom is unbelievably tiny and NO Molton Brown toiletries as mentioned in some other reviews. The sound proofing is not very good and I could hear the conversation of the American tourist in the next room. Bar staff lacked the CAN DO attitude seen at other 5 star establishments and my request for a drink at 12 55 in the morning was met with a resounding &quot; sorry the bar is closed.&quot; Overall not an unpleasant stay but for the money I paid I expected alot more. You would be better off looking at the Radisson chain which offers 5 star hotels in central locations with free wifi and good breakfast deals. Some public areas at this hotel including lifts are quite tired.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location - Very cozy hotel - Go for the large rooms	I booked at the Westbury through booking.com a superior room. When we arrived at the hotel and entered the room i was just shocked with its small size. I immediately asked for an upgrade and paid an extra charge to move to a Deluxe King which was really beautiful. If you can afford to go for the larger rooms, this hotel is really really good. Perfect central location at the heart of Mayfair, it gives you access to shopping &amp; dining at some of London's hot spots. I cannot comment about dining as we were nearly all day out of the hotel. My experience from the front office staff &amp; the cleanliness of the room was very good.	
Sep 19 2009 	Conveniently located - nice stay	Just spent 4 nights at The Westbury in Mayfair with my husband who was thereon business. Had a great stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting for business or leisure. Location is convenient for so much...5 minute walk to Piccadilly which is a main thoroughfare...Fortnum &amp; Mason, coffee/snack places, restaurants, and 2 tube stations nearby (Green Park and Picadilly). About a 10 minute walk to Hyde Park were I went jogging in the morning. Gym at the hotel is tiny (2 treadmills, 1 elyptical, 1 tv, set of weights, one machine)...but since Sept weather was mostly nice, I used Hyde Park. Area is up-market and similar to Upper East Side of NYC...luxury brand stores, etc. But, Regent Street isjust around the corner and they have all sorts of stores - luxury and H&amp;M, Top SHop, etc. Concierge booked us tickets prompty for a play one morning for that evening's performance. Hotel reception and concierge were great...everything professional and quick. Doormen always sweeping open the doors, never had to wait for a taxi, room was on the small side, but served its purpose...comfortable queen bed, nice marbled bathroom w/Molton Brown toiletries. Room service for breakfast was quick and delicious. Quiet sleeping.Clean, comfortable...priced better than other luxury hotels where we've stayed before(The Berkeley and Mandarin Oriental). Only drawback was the fitness center...but I believe they can recommend health clubs near hotel if that is an issue.Dinner one night (without reservation - went on early side) at The Wolsey on Piccadilly...grand space that housed a bank and a car showroom - lively, great food.Another night drinks at nearby Browns Hotel Bar...elegant scene. Definitely would stay there again.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nightmare	We had originally booked 2 nights at the Kingsway hotel and were relocated (&quot;upgraded&quot;) to this nightmare. I find it hard to believe that we didn't get to stay in the hotel we had booked in the first place - what the heck is going on? The room in the Westbury was minute by any standards and pretty basic in terms of facilities. Worst thing was at 10.00 pm a work crew arrived opposite to take-down or erect scaffolding and this went on until 3 pm the next morning. On the second night after the work commenced again we were relocated to a room at the back. About 10 minutes later when in bed someone entered our room. Shortly after I could hear the telephone ringing in the room next door - the walls must be paper thin. All in all a wretched experience. My advice would be to steer clear of the Westbury - and for that matter - the Kingsway. And yes - the staff were hopeless.	
Sep 5 2009 	3 star hotel with 5 star pretentions	Our &quot;superior&quot; room looked out on a blank wall. No reading light for one of the beds. 4 captive hangers per closet. No coffee machine. Tissues and toilet paper not replaced until requested. Good location but long walk to nearest tube stop.Mike S., New York City	
Aug 27 2009 	Over priced cramped rooms and rude staff.	This hotel did not help a four-night business trip with a tough agenda. Although the room (a 'standard') was clean and quite comfortable it was tiny. But you can live with this, especially if you are out at meetings more than you are in the hotel, as I was. But it was the general lack of service that blew it for me. The staff were generally uninterested, to the point of being rude or dismissive. Room service was appalling - orders failed to show up and when they did housekeeping would leave the plates and cups lying around until you were forced to ask them to remove them. Virtually every request of any staff member, from 'can I have some more toast' at breakfast (over priced at nearly £30) to 'is there a post office near here' was met with a heavenwards look and an audible tut. Bottom line - I won't be going back. There are much better hotels in central London.	
Aug 27 2009 	Poor Hotel	Westbury Mayfair- a great disappointment: expensive, tiny rooms and bathrooms, practically there are no closets, asking for breakfast in the room was a torture since the breakfast table/tray did not entered in the room, several broken accessories, poor amenities, etc....Service indifferent. Not at all a 5 star, We stayed there for 8 days and it was very unpleasant, try somewhere else!	
Aug 23 2009 	1st wedding anniversary to remember	Our 1st wedding anniversary will always be remembered and this is largely to do with the fantastic time we spent at the Westbury Mayfair. The location is perfect for the West End and well worth paying a little more for. The staff were all extremely attentive, friendly and helpfull. Our room was lovely with lots of Molton Brown product to enjoy. The breakfast was 5 star. Thank you to the Westbury Mayfair.	
Aug 11 2009 	Really nice hotel inspite of..............	Good things. Location to Bond street. Deluxe king room was beautiful .A pot of tea in our room was very reasonable and folks were nice every morning. View was ok. Great shower.Bad things: One out of two elevators never worked for 4 day stay. Lights in the fancy closet wouldn't go out unless stuffed tissue on the button; too funny. There were a lot of 'celebrities' in the hotel; so us 'peons' were tolerated. They charged me for internet when it didn't work.	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent location but tiny rooms and rude service don't give good value for money	I stayed in this very centrally located hotel recently for a long weekend. I was looking forward to some luxury and pampering. The reception staff were most pleasant and I could'nt have been happier with the close proximity to Oxford, Regent and Bond Streets. However, the room was tiny - so small in fact that the room service trolley couldn't fit inside! There was no room to walk or store two cases of luggage and certainly no where to sit or relax. I also visited the Polo Bar twice during my stay and on the second occasion found certain members of staff very slow and quite rude and unprofessional. This is not what I expected and is certainly not acceptable from a so called five star establishment. I have stayed in quite a few five star hotels in London and elsewhere, this is not one of them!	
Jul 22 2009 	Overrated and disappointing much better value elsewhere	We stayed for a weekend to explore the city. Although the reviews on Tripadvisor were mixed, I was expecting alot more than what we discovered:Rooms - Very small and cramped. Enough for one person but for two it really did feel quite squashed. Although, the bed was very comfortable. Hotel amenities - appeared somewhat dated and lacking. There are only 2 lifts for 222 rooms which means you have to wait a long time to use them and always packed and they are old. the lobby was smallish for such a big hotel and did not appear 5 star at all. Service - There appeared to be a staff shortage because we had to wait a long time for assistance at the reception desk. Concierge was very unhelpful. Only knew of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. Couldn't really give suggestions of places to go and see around the city or even tell us where the Indian/Pakistan quarter of the city was so that we could whet our appetite trying different foods. Price - very expensive for what you get. Much better value can be found at other hotels in London.	
Jun 30 2009 	5 stars all the way	This was our first time traveling aboard w/ our toddler son. The staff of the hotel could not do more for you, they were excellent. The staff there is incredible, I really miss the hotel and London. The amenities on the room and the pillows are fluffy and the bed was sooo comfortable!! The best sleep I had outside of my house in a longtime!!! I want to go back to the Westbury Mayfair. The tube is about a 10minute walk and the bus are not far at all and it takes you to all the attractions. The location could not be better in Mayfair, I always felt safe in London it is one of the best cities in my opinion; Piccadilly, Oxford and Regent Streets are with in walking distance from the Westbury hotel. Room service was the best . Of course I will stay here, again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Location Only Slightly Above Average Hotel	Stayed here 3 nights for business. I've stayed in many 5-star hotels, and this is not a 5 star hotel by any means. Good Points:The caliber of the staff suits a 5-star hotel - doormen are prompt and helpful and check-in and out were uncomplicated with pleasant front desk service. You cant beat the location if you want to shop. Molton Brown products in the bathroom are wonderful.Bad Points:The room was shabby at best. I stayed in what was probably the lowest class of room. The furniture and capeting was dated and uncomfortable. The bedding was unimpressive, and I am still scratching bumps on my body from either from the sheets and/or bugs in the bed. Not pleasant! There is no iron in ther room, instead there is a pants press in the closet that looks like it's been there for 30 years and doesnt even work. The hairdryer in the bathroom also looks like it's from the 1980's and didn't work, instead, I stumbled upon a hairdryer that was plugged into the desk somehow and was in the desk drawer...so you had to dry your hair with the desk drawer open to get the cord to reach your head, in an already cramped space. The TV had about 5 english channels, all of which were news channels and made for incredibly boring watching when all you want to do is relax. You have to pay for internet access for each 24 hour period, so you have to keep paying each day when your 24 hours is up, very annoying. In this day, internet access should be free and any hotel that still charges is just being cheap. Overall I dont think I would stay here again or recommend it to anyone. Instead, I would warn them about potential bedbugs!!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Location LocationLocation!! 5 stars!!	I stayed at this lovely hotel the end of May and from start to finish it was AMAZING!!! The rooms are fantastic, the restaurant was 5 star and the Polo bar was fun and the head bartender makes the best Pomegranate Martinis!! I want to go back for the martinis, it left me wanting more. The staff of the hotel could not do more for you, they were excellent. The staff there is incredible, I really miss the hotel and London. The amenities on the room and the pillows are fluffy and the bed was sooo comfortable!! The best sleep I had outside of my house in a longtime!!! I cant want to go back to the Westbury, is all I ever talk about. The tube is about a 10minute walk and the 23 or the 3 bus are not far at all and it takes you to all the attractions. The location could not be better in Mayfair, I always felt safe in London it is one of the best cities in my opinion, I've been to Paris and its pretty close between the 2 of them. Piccadilly, Oxford and Regent Streets are with in walking distance from the Westbury hotel. OK, so it pretty obvious I will be staying at this hotel from all the wonderful comments. 5 STARS all the way and I've stayed at the best hotels in the world, Ritz Carlton Maui, Four Seasons Maui, Kea Lani, Grand Wailea, St Regis NYC and to me the Westbury was very close to scale in services and staff, from the hotels that I just mentioned!! IMO!! Cant wait to return, already planning the dates for my next visit!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Good enough but probably only stay if you need to be in the area	The hotel staff is very friendly and attentive. Check-in and check-out is always easy and comfortable. The rooms are typical for upscale London - small, quaint, classy. Not much more than that. I would prefer a larger space and better views. Most people stay here for the location - it is truly in the heart of the Mayfair district, making it especially well-suited for high-end shoppers, but less ideal as it's about 10 minute walk from the nearest tube stations (Picadilly, Oxford and Green Park). Prices in the restaurants and bar are high.	
May 29 2009 	Luxury tranquility class.	Perfect stay at the Westbury Mayfair, having been badly letdown by the Waldorf Hilton. Booked Lastminute literally, and dashed across in a taxi. Had to wait 15 minutes for them to prepare the room but the rest of the two night stay was brilliant. We had breakfast in our room on the second day - very nice, will do this again.Stayed in a Deluxe King Room, the bed was huge! Nice sitting area with sofa, chair and coffee table.	
May 27 2009 	Absolutely perfect	My mum and I stayed for 4 nights from 21st - 24th May and I can't fault this hotel. my only critcisim is that they should have tea making facilities in the room. Didn't bother me but my mum needs her morning coffee on waking! We had a deluxe kingsize room which was huge and luxurious. Enormous bed, lovely bathrooom with bathrobes and a large sitting area with sofa, chair and desk.We were very impressed with the level of service in the hotel and liked the fact that staff rang the doorbell at least once a day to ask if we needed anything extra like towels or toiletries. We also recieved a nice turn down service each night when the maid would close curtains, turn on lamps, turn down the bed and lay our nightwear out for us. We had room service twice - one breakfast and one dinner and this was excellent. Prompt, hot tasty food and a lovely table set up in our rooom for us. The concierge service was excellent and the bar staff were prompt and polite - although £12 for a G&amp;T and a £2.50 service charge is a bit on the expensive side!the location is PERFECT - a five minute walk in various diections takes you to piccadilly, the palace, oxford street etc and bond street is on your doorstep.All in all we loved the hotel and will stay there again on our next trip!	
May 17 2009 	Great service with a stellar location	My husband and I stayed here recently and we were very pleased with the concierge service. They enabled us to get soccer tickets for a hotly contested Chelsea/Fulham game--- very pricy but totally worth it. We also enlisted their help for mapping out directions and public transport to restaurants we had booked on-line. They could not have been more helpful. The room (superior double) was plenty roomy with lovely plush and comfortable beds. I got a great deal on-line ($220 a night) so all of this was a bargain as well. Not sure if my review would be as glowing if paying rack rate (around $500 a night posted at check-in). For the price we paid, this was a real winner!	
May 11 2009 	Good location!	The Westbury ,Mayfair has a fantastic location &amp; the rooms are of a good standard too.	
Apr 27 2009 	Very Very Nice	Stayed here in the beginning of March for three nights. Nothing even remotely bad or dissappointing to report. Everything very nice - staff, room, comfy bed and pillows, clean bathroom. Nice touch to have a cappucino and a croissant in the lobby bar for breakfast if you're in a hurry. Woth the money - if you have it!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great location for shopping small rooms!	We stayed at the Westbury for Valentines night,Pleased with the location as it was a few minutes stroll from Tiffanys and just under 10 minutes from Fortnum and Mason on Picadilly.The lobby was impressive, the staff on duty very friendly. Check in very smooth. The only thing I would say is that I had enquired about getting a bottle of champagne in the room as a suprise for my partner and the reception asked if I still wanted this when I checked in! - Suprise ruined! The room was fairly compact, however had all the needed facilities. My partner had also arranged for some flowers to be in the room which were stunning so very pleased with that factor.We attempted to use the conceirge. I called down to ask if they could find us a bar showing the football - quite a feat as England were also playing rugby. The man on duty never called back. We called about an hour later and were apologised to by the man now on duty and he attempted to assist us on the phone.We did not use the hotel restaurant or bar as we had reservations elsewhere. We also did not use room service as the prices were expensive.The room was comfortable. We checked out the following morning and used the left luggage facility which was fine.All in all an average stay... the hotel was pleasant but not as great as some of the 5* hotels I have stayed in.There is nothing that sets the Westbury aside from other 5*'s in London.	
Mar 1 2009 	Over rated 5* but great location	stayed at Westbury for week end trip 28/2.Hotel is well located.Reception and lobby staff very good.We stayed in a standard room which for a 5* hotel is small.My partner continually bumped her leg on the furniture at the end of the bed where there was a gap of no more than 25cm.No tea and coffee making facilities in the room - even an average 2* hotel would offer this.Bed squeaked and staff service doors could be heard slamming late into the night.Good restaurant-food quality good.Bathroom matched the room-good decor but very small-single basin and one bathrobe between two persons.Molton Brown toiletries but enough for one bath or shower only.Much better 5* hotels in London.	
Feb 20 2009 	fabulous hotel of bond street	me and my husband loved this hotel!! it was so fancy and stylish. although the our room was a standard dbl and a little small, we loved it anyway. in europe it's very common to stay in small hotel rooms, the thing is to be clean, nice and comfortable. this hotel had all of it! the lobby was very chic, and I can't remember it's name but the bar of the hotel was awesome! I strongly recommend you to stay there. by the way the location was great too! it's only a few mins away from piccadilly circus or oxford street. it was very central.	
Feb 19 2009 	Great location quality rooms and service but a little dated.	Stayed here for 3 nights with the wife and our 1 year old son on a very good deal (staff rate roughly £90 per night, breakfast and room upgrade). The hotel is brilliantly located and the rooms were very generously proportioned. Our room had a separate living and sleeping area which is very handy with a baby and also makes hanging out in the room much more pleasant. The only downside to our room was that the two flatscreen TV's were very close to one another which meant that the remote on one also controlled the other (the living room TV would turn on when we changed the channel for the one in the bedroom) but that is a very minor complaint. The rooms were luxuriously appointed and befitting of a 5-star hotel, along with the courteous and professional staff. The styling veered at times on the tacky but that would probably suit the clientele who in the main wore over sized sunglasses and fur coats. The buffet breakfast was as expected and we ate some nibbles (Eastern mix, satay, pancake rolls, etc;) at the restaurant which was very nicely cooked. Have absolutely no complaints about the hotel considering the price we paid, don't think it is marketed at a couple in their late 20's (saying that we did bumped into Liz McLarnon of Atomic Kitten fame in the lobby) but we still had a enjoyable stay and left feeling much more relaxed than when we arrived.	
Jan 27 2009 	Location is not everything	We stayed at the Westbury as a change from our normal London hotel, booking a deluxe room. This has to be the smallest deluxe room in the hotel industry, with barely 12” space between the bottom of the bed and the furniture and the same on one side. When we asked at Reception what is the difference between a standard and a deluxe room – we were told it was the size of the bed. So there you have it a king sized bed crammed into a standard sized room. Due to concert times we used room service twice. Both times the waiter looked around for somewhere he could reach to put the tray. On that side, room service is good. Expensive (but where isn’t it?) but good hot food delivered within the time stated. The staff are all very pleasant but it is very superficial. They do not really listen to you or notice you, not what I have come to expect from other 5* London hotels. Motto of this – stay at the Westbury for its good Location, but unless you want a King sized bed, save your money and do not pay the extra for a deluxe room. At 5* the rating is higher than the hotel really deserves.	
Dec 23 2008 	Nice but tired	Nice hotel in a perfect location – within a short distance from a busy Oxford street for shopping but situated on a quiet side street, drown in luxury boutiques. Very stylish lobby and helpful stuff. Tasty room service dinner, you should try prawn risotto. However the whole property is pretty old. Be prepared for tired décor details. However, I had a good impression of Westbury Mayfair and would probably recommend the place.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great location but hotel lacks a lot...	Great hotel and nice staff, especially the wonderful doormen. Wonderful location (just a short stroll from Regent Street, Bond Street and Oxford Street)But in my personal opinion, the hotel lacked on a few points.Bath towels were poor, scratchy and past their best. The bathrobe was the same... had seen much better days!Keep the Molton Brown goodies, a complimentary bottle of water would be a much better idea! Nicely stocked minibar but no tea/coffee making facilities (but is available on request) Its almost as the hotel just hasn't thought it through properly. Not worth the money in my opinion.	
Oct 30 2008	Lovely hotel good location	Stayed here for a night in October with my wife. Arrived just before noon and we got the keys straight away after signing in, which took abot 5 minutes, staff all very friendly, 5 minute walk from Green park tube station, weather was lovely, so worth a walk, or cab from waterloo was £10, you're right on bond street , so all of the fashion houses are there, with the price tags to match, Leicester square / shaftesbury av is about a 10/15 min stroll . very easy to walk around, room was nice, we had a free bottle of red wine and toiletries while we were there. Not the biggest of bathrooms but more than adequate , never had an evening meal there, only breakfast. which was plentiful, visited their bar at night, a rich set of people is how i would describe the people in there, just one look at their bar menu says it all , a bottle of champagne was 35k .. can't see many of them getting drunk, the cheap plonk was a lot less than that, but a bottle of peroni was £6.. all in all a good hotel ..	
Sep 29 2008 	Great location	We enjoyed our stay at the Westbury Mayfair. I was surprised by some of the negative reviews of the rooms. Our room was spacious and looked nearly new. The furnishings were very stylish and comfortable. The staff was friendly and attentive.However, the bathroom does need some updating, moreso the shower and bathtub but still in good condition.Considering the prices of hotels in London, especially central hotels I found the price to be reasonable. .	
Sep 2 2008 	Very nice Hotel	This was a great hotel. The location is perfect for the Westend. We stayed in the hotel for only 1 night, we were going to see the Sound of Music, and the hotel is only 5 minutes walk away.The hotel reception is very posh, and it feels like a 5* hotel. You are greeted by the doorman with a smile. The reception staff are very friendly and polite.We booked a Queen room, which was very nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable and the linen had a feel of luxury.Bathroom was very clean, and had Molton Brown goodies to wash with (or take home). The shower was very powerful.We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment on that.Overall, great hotel in a superb location.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved the location and elegance	We very much liked the elegance but above all the location of this hotel. We noticed how hard it is to get a decent twin room in London and were very happy with our room. Even though the room was not very large, we had enough space to place our things away.Having stayed at a 'cheap' hotel the previous days, we felt that we should have booked the whole stay in London at the Westbury. The value for about GBP 40 more compared to the 'cheap' hotel was tremendous and we'll keep this in mind for our next visit to London. The only negative experience was with the information we were given by the concierge about opening hours for the London tourist attractions. On two occasions we were not given proper answers. The TV menu was not overwhelming for German speaking guests and I agree with earlier comments that it is difficult to get through the various options with the remote control.I'd like to specially mention the very kind and friendly doormen. They made us feel very special even though we obviously were no businesswomen or models. They seemed to be able to read our minds and took really good care of us.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great Location Expensive rooms and extras	I have stayed at the Westbury a number of times for business. I find the attraction of the hotel is its location-thats really it. Located on the corner of Bond St and Conduit St, its in the hear of Mayfair and thus convenient to both business and shopping in that area. It is also a 10 minute taxi from Paddington Station, so the Heathrow Express is reasonably convenient. Berkley Square, Regent Street, Oxford Street, Piccadilly, and St James are all within easy walking distance. The tube is also convenient, so trips out to Canary Wharf on the Jubilee Line are fast, and both cheaper and quicker than taxi. It's also close to Hyde Park for morning exercise. I find that I can accomplish quite a lot, both business and personal, just due to the convenient location. The hotel upgraded its lobby about two years ago, so the lobby as been improved. Before that it was pretty dingy. The Polo Bar is a nice meeting place, the drinks are fine, but expensive.I have experienced a number of different rooms. My favorite are the deluxe king rooms that look out over Bond Street. These rooms are sunny in the morning. These rooms also include a couch rather than chair and are a little more roomy than the standard room. The worst rooms are the standard rooms located in the center of the hotel.There is one restaurant, located just off the main lobby. The breakfast is outrageously expensive, over 20 pounds, like most hotels in central London these days. This seems to be a new profit center for hotels in London. I recommend walking around the corner to the small cafe across from the LV store for a full English breakfast with coffee for 5 pounds instead of the hotel restaurant. There are also places to get pastries and coffee nearby at Berkley Square at a fraction of the cost of the hotel. When not out for a business dinner, I always get take out from one of the restaurants in the area, rather than order room service. The hotel also aggressively markets its pay for video service, which is a pain. In order to view regular TV, a confusing choice of video options must be navigated to avoid mistakenly agreeing to the “video package” at another 20 pounds. It would be much better if the TV just worked as a TV. The hotel did upgrade to big flat panel TVs in the past year, which is a big improvement over the old plastic models that were formerly in place.The bathrooms are quite small but clean. Molten Brown amenities are provided, which is nice. There are also two terry robes, and the towels are hung on a towel warmer.The mini bar is another problem - the goods are automatically charged, which prevents keeping your own drinks in the fridge. I have in the past just removed and replaced the hotel items, then disputed the charge upon check out (successfully).The staff are always courteous and attentive. The concierge staff take care of all my requests promptly and the doormen always volunteer to hail a taxi for me, even going out into the rain to hail one down. Over the past two years the Westbury has also raised prices quite a bit. I always thought it was expensive at 200 pounds/night, but now weekdays can be over 300. Perhaps the slowdown in the financial markets (and the insolvency of many of the firms located nearby) will prompt a re-think of room rates.The Westbury is fine as a business hotel, and is great for shopping in Mayfair, Regent Street and Oxford Street. It’s expensive, but convenient. I would re-think my choice of hotels if I were on personal and not business expense.	
Jul 17 2008	horrible hotel	I had heard a lot of horrible things about this hotel before my stay.I found out by myself that it was true! I will never recommend it to anyone and will never stay there again	
Jun 18 2008 	Great location	Stayed at this five star hotel for one night after getting a great deal but had to shop around. The hotel is only 5 mins away from a variety of tube stations and is not a problem if your carrying minimal luggage. The stay itself was great and the staff are very polite and helpful, the rooms are a little small for a five star hotel and i was in the king executive suite. The only flaw of this hotel i found was the bathroom was a bit dated and especially the shower which was over the bath style, although clean it did need doing up. Apart from that a great hotel for the price i paid...	
Jun 17 2008 	We like it here	We've stayed here quite a few times now and always find everyone very helpful. It is normally rather pricey in the week but you can get good weekend deals. I like the fact that breakfast is freshly cooked and when they found out my husband was gluten free they produced GF bread the next morning for him. Such a good location and (unusually for London) they seem to make an effort to employ English speaking staff.	
May 24 2008 	great location over-rated value	After reading previous reviews I had high expectations of the Westbury. I was very disappointed. The location, being close to the tube and shopping, was fantastic. However, the rooms were small and a little tired, not up to scratch for a 5 star hotel (and I do know my 5 star hotels). The door to our room was very narrow. The suitcase had to be pushed through first, then the porter came after. The bathroom was clean, but small and in need of updating. This was a superior king room. No tea/coffee facilities in the room but could be ordered at a cost of 5 pounds. Could not use the bar fridge for my own stuff as items are automatically charged when they are &quot;removed&quot; to make space. Breakfast was not included in the rate I paid (2,200 pounds for 7 nights) and was very expensive (in excess of 20 pounds). On one morning when the restaurant was full, breakfast had not arrived an hour after ordering and had to be abandoned. At other times the service was fine. Generally the staff were polite although not entirely helpful. The business centre printer had broken down and our party had to actually purchase a printer to get on with our work. The hotel internet connection was constantly dropping out and slowing to a snails pace. Honestly all the previous trip advisor reviews are over-rating this hotel! I would not go back there.	
Apr 14 2008 	Amazing Location!	Booked this hotel by chance on Lastminute as one of their top secret hotels. Got a really good deal for a saturday night in central London, the weekend of the London Marathon. Could not believe our luck when we were told we had booked the Westbury...Amazing location, everything felt like it was a 5-10minute walk away.Hotel-lovely sized room for London, clean, very comfy bed. Shower was a little disappointing, we like them to be powerful!Staff - polite, friendly, lovely door staffPolo Bar- great drinks, at extremely expensive prices, but you are in Mayfair after all!Breakfast, not included in this deal, was an extra £24 per person! But lovely french patisserie not too far on Great Marlborough Street.Overall a jolly decent stay and would definitely go back if we can get a deal like this again, we thought it was worth the £150!	
Apr 4 2008 	Great Location Fab service	Great experience. the fit-out is excellent, but what really sets this hotel apart is the warm service from all staff. Excellent barstaff and helpful concierge, can't wait to get back. Location is unbeatable for shopping.	
Feb 20 2008	another wonderful london hotel	stayed in nov 06, dined at brian turners millenium hotel. another wonderful weekend break.i am aiming to stay at every 5 star hotel in london.	
Jan 27 2008 	Overwhelming!	I stayed here for just one night as a transit stopover in London on Boxing Day and thoroughly enjoyed everything about the hotel. I was initially greeted by a rather useless doorman, however it felt quite posh walking in the front door with only my rucksack. The reception staff were extrodinarily helpful with general knowledge about the surrounding area, and transport inquires. Skip the offer on help with your luggage... the hotel isn't the size of Heathrow, and it took rather a long while to get to my room anyway. The room was beautifully decorated with warm colours, comfortable furniture &amp; fantastic bedding. Though the room wasn't the largest I've ever overnighted in, there was nothing wrong with it. Still very comfortable, and perfect to have a friend over for a cup of tea. Except the fact there aren't tea making facilities in the room which was rather a disappointment. The bathroom was nice, though nothing extrodinary. However the Molton Brown toiliteries were a great touch.On my next stay to London, I wouldn't hesitate to book here again as it is very central indeed, and just an 8 minute walk to the nearest Tube station. However I wouldn't even think about paying the posted rate of £386 in the lobby, but the £130 I paid off LondonTown.com made it quite worth while indeed.	
Jan 16 2008 	Very Poor Value	Chose this hotel because of its location and reviews. - we normally stay elsewhere.Front of house staff very professional and public areas very nicely designed but what a dreadful room!Smallest room we have ever had - barely enough space to pass between the bed and cupboards, extremely hard and uncomfortable bed, tiny bathroom, weak shower and no tea/coffee making facility. Our room (almost predictably) directly above the dustbin area with the resultant horrendous noise at 4 am!!I know this is London but nearly £50 for 4 gin &amp; tonics is a bit on the steep side!	
Nov 26 2007 	would never stay there again if given a choice	Was in London on business and my usual hotel was booked, so had to stay at the Westbury. It claims to be a 5 star hotel, and charges somewhere in the neighborhood of 240 pounds (plus 17.5 VAT and 5% service) for a superior queen room, which I believe is what I had. It was either a superior queen or king.The room was tiny, and the 2 of us were constantly stepping on each other's toes as we tried to unpack, get to the closet, get to the bathroom, etc.The bathroom has Molton Brown products, but only shampoo and body wash. When I very politely asked the concierge if he could arrange for some lotion as the cold winter weather was taking a toll on my skin, he claimed they didn't have any. After I asked again he then grudgingly dug up a small bottle. It turns out I had forgotten a toothbrush, and when I requested one I was subsequently charged 3 pounds for a tiny plastic travel toothbrush. I have NEVER stayed at a 5* hotel where they charge you (especially when you are a corporate guest with many colleagues also staying in the hotel!) for a toothbrush! They provide robes but no slippers, and I didn't particularly want to put my bare feet on the worn looking carpet.Walls in the room were so thin that not only could I hear my neighbor's TV out in the hall, but also in my room until 2:30am. Unfortunately this means I also heard their wakeup call at 6am, because the phone sounded loud enough to be the one on my bedside table.On a positive note, the bellmen were very nice. If given a choice I would not stay there again. There are other hotels in London where you get better rooms and service for $500 USD per night.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very very poor allround	We travel from Australia to London regularly for business and always stay at Five Star hotels. The Westbury Mayfair was recommended to us by business colleagues but we were extremely disappointed with the overall experience at this hotel.Reception staff were decidedly disinterested and uncommunicative. They could not direct us to the closest supermarket and housekeeping staff could speak little or no English. Several requests of housekeeping staff produced either no response or the wrong response (i.e. a request for a hot water bottle produced a bottle of body lotion). Despite repeated requests, newspapers were not delivered to our room on any morning of our stay.As per most 5 Star hotels, the Westbury provides bathrobes for use by guests. The inside of the bathrobe in our room, was smeared in faecal matter from a previous guest. When we showed this to a member of housekeeping she did not seem particularly interested and only agreed to replace it at our request. When this and other problems we experienced at the hotel were brought to the attention of the Duty Manager, his response was simply &quot;these things happen&quot;.The rooms are very small and there are no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. If you want this you have to pay GBP6 per day plus 12.5% gratuity for room service staff to deliver it. We asked for tea facilities in our room and they were removed each day despite our request that they be left in the room. We ordered a Martini via room service. It arrived in a Scotch tumbler and was only a nip of Cinzano. We would have expected that bar staff in a 5 Star hotel would know how to make a Martini. When, at our request, a staff member correctly made a Martini we were charged for both drinks.We wrote to the hotel manager following our return to Australia addressing the various problems we experienced and no response has been received to date.Under no circumstances could we stay at this hotel in the fututre and could not recommend anyone else stay there. The hotel has recently been awarded a 5 star rating and sadly it falls very short of the calibre required. The only favourable comment we can make about this hotel is its location which is very close to where we like to stay in London.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great location very small room.	My husband and I booked this hotel for a 1 night break. The location was fantastic but our room was really small. Just about enough space to move around the bed with a chair and desk crammed in. The bathroom did have a bath but the wash hand basin was awkwardly positioned almost over the toilet. Although placed at the front of the hotel our room was quiet- we were on the 5th floor. We ate in the Artisan restaurant having found a deal on Toptable of 50% off the food. The food was good, sadly they had run out of scallops as a starter and I had to send my salmon main course back to be correctly cooked through. The restaurant staff were attentive but slow - my husband had finished his main course by the time my salmon was eventually returned cooked, I wasn't given fresh cutlery and the delicious white wine was poured by the Sommelier along with a considerable amount of sediment. When I drew this to her attention she offer to &quot;fish it out&quot; for me - not very professional!I would recommend this hotel due to its location and its cleanliness. Watch out for unreasonable service charges automatically being added to all the bills for the cleaning staff as well as the bar a restaurant service charge.	
Sep 6 2007 	Good all round hotel in a great location	We stayed here over the August Bank Holiday weekend. I couldn't fault the hotel - great location (2 minutes from Regent Street), with good sized rooms that are well maintained (loved the Molton Brown toiletries, and even the TV speaker in the bathroom). We had a 4th floor room at the back of the hotel, which was wonderfully quiet at nights for London. The staff were helpful, and discreet, and the breakfast (which was included in our stay) was tasty, with lots of choice, and served in their gorgeous restaurant. Would happily stay there again, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Aug 27 2007	Great Hotel-central location	Great location on bond street, perfect for shopping 2 minute walk from oxford street, or in other direction 2 minutes from piccadily and regents street. Impressed with the luxury interior of the hotel, only one let down-when we checked in, we had booked a queen room and were asked if we wanted to upgrade for 20 pounds to a king room (larger bed/room/bathroom, and has iron instead of just trouser press in room) , so we did, but when we went to the room they had given us on the second floor i was convinced it was still a queen room that we would have recieved even if we hadnt paid the extra 20 pounds. i called reception and they sent up a lady who confirmed it was the larger king room, even though i argued it didnt look like it- and didnt have the ammenities such as iron, she convinced me it was. after she left i was still feeling annoyed that they were trying to fool us as we were young, so went to reception and asked if we could be moved to another king room, to which they agreed. When we arrived in the room This time on the top floor (7th floor) it was very clear our room before definatly wasnt a king room, and we had been lied too-which really annoyed me. but didnt let it ruin my weekend-the real king room was alot larger-the bed has three pillows accross it rather than 2 pillows as on a normal double bed-also have iron, and 2 dressing gowns in bathroom rather than just 1 in the queen room. apart from that hassle, the room, hotel and staff were great (apart from the lady on reception who had falsley claimed we were in a king suite who wouldnt look our way everytime we passed reception). breakfast was included with our room, really good food, great selection of english breakfast, hams, cheese, breads, pastries, all buffet. In all, great hotel, good value compared to other london hotels i have stayed in, rooms alot larger than most in cenral london, even the smallest queen room larger than average london hotels, would definatly stay again, will just be wiser if i upgrade that king rooms are on higher floors, so dont be fooled if you pay for king and they send you to 2nd/3rd floor.	
Jul 28 2007 	Superb location  perfect for London	If you want somewhere right in the middle of the west end not part of a large chain and not paying unreasonable prices with easy access to shops and nightlife this is it. Service was professionally friendly and rooms were a good size for London. Watch however hotel is going through a refurb - plus of which is a good rate but downside was early wake up with builders down the hallway and temparmental hot water system.As you would expect it's functional and not much lobby or bar space but food in the restaurant was excellent for breakfast. Definitely going back but I'll check where the refurb is first.	
Jul 17 2007 	A night of luxury	Thanks to the reviews and feedback from a couple of travellers who stayed here, we eventually booked a queen superior with breakfast included via the hotel website.When we checked in, we were overwhelmed with a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe king on the top floor. On arrival to our room we were greeted with complimentary bottle of water, bowl of fruits and chocolate truffles from room service.The room was spacious and lovely decorated. The bathroom had speakers that tuned in to the TV if you wished to hear the TV whilst indulging yourself into the Molton Brown bath soaks and bath robes. We went to the Polo bar for pre-theatre food and drinks and had breakfast at the Artisan that were both off the Lobby. A great night of luxury for our anniversary in a perfect location...	
Jun 16 2007 	A baragin for the area!	We stayed at the Westbury at the begining of May. The hotel is in an excellent position and is perfect for shopping and entertainment. We booked last minute and for £190 had a superior room with a half bottle of Champagne thrown in, and breakfast included! This was booked direct with the hotel. Only minor points would be the bathroom was a little small. Otherwise, excellent value for location. We will return.	
May 30 2007 	Great for shopping and nightlife	Having stayed at this hotel a couple of years ago we chose it again out of a mixture of sentimentality and because of it's location. The standard of the hotel hadn't changed and it is still excellent. Receiption were very efficient and even though we had arrived before the check in time we were upgraded and shown to our room in a matter of minutes. The conceirge was very helpful in finding us a lovely restaurant in Bruton place. The rooms have changed in decor from a couple of years ago and now are the modern contemporary design, think we perferred the plush decor from our last visit!The molton brown products are still used but limited to just shower gel and shampoo.The only negative point that means that we may return to the cavendish is that there were no tea/cofffee making facilities, after shopping for hours it's a good way of relaxing before going out in the evening.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great location!	Service was great and the concierge very helpful. Location excellent with in easy walking distance to shopping, restaurants and theaters. Quiet room that was good size on an upper floor. Bathroom on the small size but fine.	
Apr 15 2007 	Amazing Stay	We stayed at The Westbury hotel at the weekend for 1night(saturday). Check in was smooth and when we walked in the room was nicely decorated. The room was very spacious and clean. A wonderful bottle of complementary wine and fresh friut basket was a lovely touch. The bathroom had a lovely molton brown products. Also we had room service and the food was very good...nice selectionof inroom dining. The hotel is located on conduit street which is PERFECT for shopping,dining,and bars and clubs and everything is at your door step! The service here is very good from the minute you walk in to the friendly and helpful staff. We will definately return to this hotel in the near future.	
Apr 11 2007 	Nice hotel with excellent location but very small rooms...	My bf and I stayed at this hotel over Easter weekend. During our previous London stays we would usually book at the Hilton Green Park, but this time decided to try another hotel. The location is excellent, on Conduit Street, which is a side street of Regent Street; it is a 5 minute walk to Oxford Circus and Carnaby Street and a 10 minute walk to Soho and Piccadilly Circus, so very convenient. The staff at the hotel were very polite and nice. Breakfast buffet was excellent, with a good choice of fruits, fresh juices, pastries, eggs, sausage, etc. You could also order delicious cappucini that would be brought directly to your table. Our only complaint was that the room (classic queen) was very small, even by London standards, and the bathroom was tiny too. But it was comfortable nevertheless and we slept very well, so were pleased anyway. All in all we enjoyed our stay in London and would go back to this hotel, but next time we would try the King or Superior Room, which seem to be larger.	
Mar 11 2007	Great London Hotel	Just returned from a stay at the Westbury Mayfair. We are a couple in our late 30's and were in London for the first time to celebrate our anniversary. The Westbury Mayfair was an excellent choice for us. We were able to check in early upon arriving from the airport and were put on the 6th floor in one of the newer rooms. The room wasvery nicely appointed but on the small side (which was excpected in a city and it was similar to what we've found in NYC Boutique Hotels). The room and furnishings were sleek and modern while still warm and comfortable. The bathroom was small, but very modern with heated towel racks, upscale toilteries and bathrobes. The bed was a bit firm, but comfortable. The location was excellent, right on Conduit Street (off Old Bond - which was confusing for the cab driver, because our reservation said Bond Street, not Conduit). We could walk down Old Bond and window shop at Burberry, Tiffany's, Louis Vitton, Dolce etc. on our way to Picadilly. We often caught the tube at Picadilly or Greens Park (but actually walked alot in order to take in the city). We booked our room thru British Airways (even though we didn't fly with them) and got an excellent rate that included breakfast. The breakfast was very well done with white linens, Waterford china and silver. (But I don't know if I would have paid the $$$ for it if it were not included). The lobby, bar and restaurant were beautifully decorated and the service was excellent. Overall, the hotel was perfect for us. It is in a fashionable upscale neighborhood that is a quick stroll away from a bustling tourist area with plentiful dining and shopping. I would stay at this hotel again in a minute.	
Mar 5 2007 	Good hotel great service	We did stay here for 3 nights in February... The hotel is really nice in a really nice area (arount 15 nimites to the undergrount) the check in was really slow... The girl in the reception did charge as 160 pounts more by mistake (when we check in ) but the MR in the check out notice that and send the money back...The rooms are big (we did have three double room ) really nice ... the bathrooms are new big (with bathtub) and they do have bathrobes (my room had only one :( )we did have two rooms facing the street and one facing an other hotel (that was the most quite , we did try the breakfast in the first morning it was ok and a really nice room with really really nice decoration ( i think that why it cost so much 23 pounts p.p ) it was a good experians but did not worth all this money (we were 6 people x 23 pounts is total 138 pounts only for breakfast) there is some traditional pabs and other places just few blocks away that you can have full english breakfast with coffe and juise in the price of 4.5 pounts (the best english breakfast i have try really tasty) we did have really good time i think i will go back in this hotel....  PS we did book from www.londontown.com they making really good offers....	
Mar 4 2007 	Nice fairly quiet upmarket area close to main attractions	The Westbury is in a nice, fairly quiet backstreet location surrounded by designer jewellers and boutiques with only a few minutes walk to the main shops and attractions. Check in was quick and efficient, the rooms are a decent size and very clean, although in need of some modernisation and decoration. We booked a family room that consisted of a king size bed and sofa bed which was very uncomfortable. Breakfast is served in the restaurant buffet style and there is a large selection to choose from. Hotel suitable for business or overnight stay but for us, lacked character and friendliness. Wouldn't recommend for families. Whilst content with our stay, probably wouldn't be tempted to stay here again.	
Mar 2 2007 	Very inconsistent room quality	I have stayed at this hotel three times. It has a fantastic location and the bar/reception areas are wonderful.However, the room types vary considerably. The first time and second time I stayed was in a standard room. This was fine though VERY small. On our 2nd visit the shower in the bathroom broke and flooded the bathroom. I complained to reception and was moved to a much larger (king deluxe room). I was so impressed with this room that I decided to book this room type for my third visit.On my 3rd visit I was extremely disappointed to enter a room (supposedly deluxe king) which was no bigger than the standard room. This was also for my anniversary and I had informed the hotel of this before my stay. The decor in the room was quite dated too. I queried with reception whether they had allocated the correct room - they said they had but as I was so unhappy they offered us a new room - WOW what a difference. This was supposedly the same room type but was on the top floor and newly renovated. It was gorgeous. My advice is if you stay here ensure you get a decent room - insist on a newly renovated room. Also upon checkout they had charged the incorrect room rate so double check that too.	
Feb 18 2007 	Weekend at the Westbury	We stayed at the Westbury because it was close to threatres, Bond Street shops and we got a good late deal on the hotel website.We found the Westbury average and not a premier 5 Star hotel.The room we had was 'worn' and needed attention to bring it up to the usual 5 Star standard. The expected room amenities were also lacking i.e. complementry Fruit or a bottle of water.We were suprised to find our credit card had been charged before the bill was presented to us to check.	
Feb 18 2007 	All about location	We have just returned from two nights at Westbury. The location of this hotel cannot be beaten. Just off Bond Street and within ten minute walk of the West End. The hotel was above average for price paid for early deal on hotels.com. The staff were all very helpful espeially Nic the conceiage who booked a fantastic retaurant around the corner from the hotel on the Friday night when all personal efforts to find a restaurant at short notice were failing.One complanint being that on returning to our room on Saturday afternoon housekeeping had either not yet arrived or forgot to clean room. One telephone call to reception had this problem resolved.	
Jan 25 2007 	superb time again at The Westbury	We have just spent a night at The Westbury, making a weekend of a Saturday business meeting. This was our second stay here and, as ever, we could not fault the hotel. Service was excellent and we had a fantastic meal at Artisan on Saturday evening - shame we were one of only two couples that evening, but as a result, we had wonderfully friendly service with staff who had time to chat about the food, wine and football! Highly recommend the Westbury and we are already looking forward to our next trip.	
Jan 1 2007 	Great Location	The Westbury Mayfair is centrally located for both shopping and gallery visits. It is a short walk to both Regent and Oxford Streets and a few blocks to the National Gallery/Portrait Gallery and the Royal Academy of Arts.The hotel is clean and the staff friendly. The breakfast at the hotel is expensive. I would recommend Leon's the small cafe behind Liberty's. The porridge is particularly good!There are some very good restraurants near the hotel. For something different Sketch has a vibrant atmosphere and excellent food.I would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 30 2006 	Loved the hotel	Stayed for one night on Friday 28th October - got a good rate through work. Was offered an upgrade upon checkin for £20, which I took. Room was large for London, and nicely finished. Bed was comfortable and very wide. Bathroom good, marble tops and powerful shower (Room 502). The room was extremely quiet, and although looking out over Conduit St there was no noise. Breakfast was a buffet affair, but well worth having with lots of selection, and very fresh. Location for Bond St, Regents and Oxford was first class. Walking distance to some good bars, including Malt and Sandersons (take your credit card!). Nearest tube was Bond St and Oxford Circus . . . . 5 minute walk to both.Did not venture to the leisure facilities despite every intention!Staff helpful and attentive.All in all a good hotel. Not sure what the full price should have been, but for the deal I got, well worth it.	
Oct 27 2006 	would stay there again	After a very long flight from Australia we found the Westbury very comfortable and quiet. Its ideal for the tourist on the go as it is close to everything with only a 5 min walk to Oxford Circus Station. Good breakfast and staff very friendly and helpful. This is a classy hotel and very reasonably priced and lived up to the recommendations of others who have stayed here. We wouldnt hesitate to stay here again.	
Oct 11 2006 	only ok	I just stayed here, it cost for £245 for the night it was very average, the room wasn't the biggest and narrowed off as it was on a corner, as another reviewer said there are no tea / coffee facilites so you are forced in to the mini bar / room service. I also had the lovely noise of drilling outside my room also at 9:15am. If you are over 6ft you can expect to shower from your shoulders down as teh showers are fixed into the wall.Staff were very friendly, however there seems to be so many of them hanging around the lobby greeting people.Not worth the money, you are really paying for the location.	
Sep 20 2006	Great deal on great London hotel	We got a great deal (80 pounds/night incl. breakfast) for a December 2005 stay for three nights. (We had stayed in an awful hotel/hostel the night before through a free BA travel deal.) We were extremely impressed with the decor, service, cleanliness, convenient location, and breakfast. The room was small, but for two people it was just fine. The bathroom was very nice -- marble, great shower, MB toiletries replaced each day. The breakfast was a huge buffet of fruits, cereals, breads, jams, cheeses, meats, as well as eggs, sausage, etc. Waiters also took individual orders for tea, coffee, juices, etc., and omlettes. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Don't make calls (even local) from the room though -- terribly pricey. Location was perfect -- Bond St. is full of exclusive shopping and was decorated beautifully for Christmas with lights strung across the street. It is a bit difficult to find since it's not actually on Bond St., but just off it. Once you do find it, you'll be happy, though. It's within walking distance to two main Tube stops: Oxford St. and Green Park.If we got the same deal again, we'd return in a heatbeat!	
Sep 10 2006 	Adequate 4 star hotel	Have just returned from a one night stay at the Westbury hotel. Good location, although feel the hotel have used the 'bond street' address as an ability to add an extra 100 pounds for the room. The hotel is located on conduit street, which is just off of Bond Street. Staff were all pleasant and helpful, with a good service provided. The room we had was on the small side, but contained all necessary items. Bathroom was pretty spacious considering the size of the room, with Molten Brown toiletries for use. It also contained a very powerful shower! All in all an enjoyable stay, but slightly overpriced, despite already booking at a reduced rate.	
Sep 4 2006 	Terrific Value - if you get a deal	I noticed a deal on 'laterooms' and booked a double room for only £109. The room was small (I could have upgraded for an additional £20) but we were using it as a crash pad for a Friday night out and Saturday of shopping. The staff were very pleasant, the check out was 11am and they stored our bags while we hit the Bond Street shops. I give this top marks for value. Breakfast not included (and is exhorbitant in their restaurant) but we found a Cafe Nero round the corner where we could get a continental breakfast.	
Jul 17 2006	Great location	Fabulous location, just off Regent Street. Reserved a Deluxe King room which was enormous and well worth the extra money for the upgrade. Bathroom was a little small but the room itself had so much room, with a large sitting area as well. Breakfast was a little pricey and just average so would suggest finding breakfast elsewhere. Would definately stay there again both for location and quality of the room. Highly recommended.	
Jun 25 2006	Lovely Stay for 8 nights	Arrived Fri around noon- desk clerk was very friendly-they asked if we wanted smoking room or not- I said I would prefer not however my husband smokes - So the clerk gave us a non smoking room with a balcony where my husband could smoke-Great idea- they had a room ready on sixth floor 615- (only thing I didnt like at reception is they try to sell you an upgrade for 20. pds, morning paper and reserv in their restaurant (which is expensive- we didnt eat there do dont know how food is)Room was small but nicely decorated. Bed was very comfortable and they have evening turn down service. Bathroom was small but clean-Molton Brown toiletriesOne hair dryer in bathroom and one in bedroom however there is no mirror in bedroom to see how you're drying your hairConsierge was helpful with bus routes etc.breakfast was good however exactly the same each day down to identical muffins, pastries each day- 3 choices of juice, toast, rolls, sausages, eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, smoked salmon. 3 kinds of cheese, all kinds of fruit and cerealIt was included in our room rate -I think 23 pnds is a lot for breakfast since when doing the conversion to$- its $46. eachwe would stay again if deal was good	
May 19 2006	quite okay	I still believe some folks out there are confusing this hotel with another located several blocks away. This hotel entrance is on Conduit Street just east of Bond Street. We were booked into here on a British Air Vacation package. Like most anyone reading the mixture of reviews posted, we too were a bit anxious. On arrival in late morning we were immediately given a room on the 6th floor, this is the non-smoking floor. The room was comfortable with a good size closet and a nice size double, though we found the mattress quite firm. The bath was recently renovated and spotless. The reception staff, concierge staff, doormen, bar staff, and wait staff were all professional. At busy times they did seem to be somewhat taxed but most never lost their smiles or pleasant way. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and found it okay. It is buffet style, and most just jump right in. However with the full English breakfast you may order as well. As mentioned breakfast was quite pricey. It was part of our package cost and so we found the convenience very worthwhile. Worth special mention on our visit was the maid service. We were very pleased with the cleanliness and upkeep of the room during our stay which lasted 9 days. I think the majority of guests were staying for business purposes and the lobby was filled from early morning through the day. After days spent sightseeing and nights spent out about the town we found a visit to the Polo bar a nice relaxing end to the day. Everything in the hotel and room was in proper working order. There was no construction noise during our stay. The a/c could have been cooler, perhaps that's an American thing. The mini-bar drinks weren't anymore expensive than at those found at any other hotel. If you pick up a can of beer or soda - whether you actually drink it or not - you will be charged. Just watch for room costs on your checkout invoice and if not actually used you only need to inform the cashier and they will credit your account. This was our first visit to London and we would use the Westbury Mayfair again if we return. PS - buy an Oyster card at any of the local Tube stations. We only used it inside zone 1, it's probably the best bargain in town. For about 3 pounds a day - you receive unlimited transit (bus or tube).	
May 16 2006 	we got great value	Having read some of the reviews of the Westbury, I was a little worried to say the least - but our stay was part of a small group booking so we had no control over the hotel which was chosen for us. However I was surprisingly delighted by the Westbury. True it is a little bland and corporate, but it was clean and our room was a decent enough size. The location was fantastic if you like to be in a main tourist area and the best thing of all was the £80 a night we were charged for the rooms. Given the location and what a rip off London can be, this provided great value for money. I realise this is not the normal rate, but if you can get a deal as good as this then you will really appreciate this hotel. Maybe not for honeymooners or people looking for something quirky or unique but I would definitly stay there again if I needed to be in the West End and just wanted a clean room for the night.	
May 6 2006	We were satisfied	The room was as clean and tidy as one could expect in a older building. The dining area had been recently refurbished with good taste. The breakfast was good, most of the staff tried hard to please. Did not like being charged two pounds for a 30 second local telephone call - so make sure your mobile roaming function is working.The location is a definite plus.We would stay there again at the rates we were able to secure, around 186 pounds per night including breakfast for two adults and a child aged eight years..	
Apr 4 2006	Average	Just comeback from a weekend stay at the Westbury. We were on the 6th floor - the room was small but adequate.There was no tea making facilities in the room.Breakfast was buffet style - which was situated right by the entrance into the dining room !!On our second morning at breakfast we were given a bill ( we had prepaid ) with no price on , just a space to put a tip there! Considering we were doing all the fetching and carrying - I thought this a cheek.Hey ho, will try somehere else next time.	
Mar 6 2006	Good location shame about the noise	This hotel is in a great location, but there are still building works going on. The hotel website obviously neglects to mention this. They started at 07.30 on saturday am! Room was fine, well decorated, a little small though.	
Mar 6 2006	Distinctly Average	We stayed at this hotel last year and complained about the size of the room allocated to us. In response, we were offerred a free upgrade to 'one of (their) fabulous suites' if we were to return. We took them up on the offer this last weekend - and was it a job to get the upgraded booking acknowledged - they kept trying to charge the rate for a suite!The suite was far from 'fabulous'; it was merely a double-size version of the grotty little room we got on our previous visit - complete with ancient televisions,hideous old furniture, and a bathroom that looked as though it was last upgraded in the fifties. The decor including carpets and furnishings were tatty, and really only fit for the skip.The room was also noisy due to primitive double- glazing. The corridors looked like something out of a prison.Having said that, the staff, with the exception of the front-desk check-out girl, were charming and helpful - although the drink prices were ridiculously high.Another contrast to make was between the midweek (expense account) service, when the room rates were high, and the weekend service when the rates were low -gone was the turn-down service, the free newspapers and the breakfast in-room order forms. Even the room-service waiter at the weekend coudn't be bothered assembling the dining table.All in all - you can do much better in London. If a room is offerred at the Westbury for about £100 per night - take it; otherwise I'd spend a little more on a 5* or a 4* de-luxe.All the hotel really needs is about £20 million spending on it.	
Mar 3 2006	Great service crappy room.	This hotel is quite expensive but that does not show when you consider the room. It was worn out, small, they were building something close by, so no sleep after 08.00. There was long black hairs in the bathtub (I'm blond...) The TV was small and old, The toilet was barely functioning, the airconditioning was making noises all night, no te/coffe maker and so on...But the service was great!!! And the location as well. Posh breakfast. Never again!!!!!	
Feb 28 2006	Was great then good now disappointing	Have stayed here on a number of occasions, mainly for location but initially because it was also a nice place to stay, how things can change! Booked two rooms specifying both late arrival and must have interconnecting doors, this was confirmed by e-mail. Arrived at 12.30am with two small children, two rooms both VERY cold, one put up bed not made up, interconnecting doors locked, both of these problems took 3 visits (ie 6 in total) by staff members to sort out. The cold rooms remained COLD. All the staff except those on daytime reception were unhelpful and had the &quot;couldnt give a damn&quot; attitude.Obviously something has changed, maybe its the management !!A great pity because location alone will not drag me back to this hotel when there is so much competition for me to choose from.	
Feb 27 2006	Disappointing	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights and were quite disappointed with what we got. We went for a Superior King Size, but found nothing superior about it. The worst thing was that it was very small, and not what we were expecting from a so called &quot;superior&quot; room. Neither the bed itself nor the bedding were up to 4* standard. The TV was outdated, there was no hot drinks making facilities (quite important if you want a cup of tea first thing but don't want to pay £4.95 for room service!)and no hair dryer. We overheard another customer complaining that they thought their room was like something from 50 years ago but obviously don't know what choice of room they had gone for.On the plus side, the service was good, the location is excellent and the room was quiet. The hotel foyer and bar areas have a nice glamorous feel to them and it did feel like an expensive hotel until you got out of the lift on your floor, and then on into your room.One thing maybe worth noting if you are trying to find the hotel is that the address is not Bond Street. For a start Bond Street does not exist anymore - its New Bond Street, and even that is wrong since the hotel entrance is on Conduit Street.	
Jan 16 2006	Great central hotel	Stayed here for a weekend in January primarily for shopping and it was a fantastic location. Had a great room on the 6th floor, it is a little small, but not by London standards and perfectly adequate. Enough wardrobe and drawer space. Nice bathroom. Pleasant calming decor. Not many free channels on the TV, but if you're in London for a weekend, it would be indecent to stay in and watch TV. We didn't try the restaurant, not even for breakfast. Over £40 for a couple of croissants and a coffee seemed excessive. So we just walked down to the nearest Starbucks. Loved the Polo bar though, had quite a few drinks in there. Nice atmosphere and great service. It is expensive - £9.00 for a glass of red wine, but not much more so than most places in London. The check in and check out processes were painless, the only thing that didn't work was the newspapers we asked for on both days were not delivered to the room and even when I asked at the concierge, they didn't have them, so must have given them to someone else. A pleasant stay in a great location. Would recommend it.	
Dec 12 2005	Nice Hotel	Stayed for a weekend break with my in laws - good service and excellent breakfast. No tea or coffee in the rooms which was the only fault - would stay again!	
Nov 19 2005	Fab Location	I just spent a couple of nights here, great rate with BA including breakfast and tax etc. for 225 euro/night.The lobby/lounge is newly redone and very smart with staff to open doors take luggage etc. Most staff encountered were charming and helpfull.The bedroom was small with a double bed ,desk 2 armchairs,table and minibar all cmammed in, making it a bit difficult to move around. Bathroom was also small and newly refurbished apart from the taps which had lost their plating,nice Molton Brown toiletries, big fluffy towels. Both bedroom an bathroom were very clean. Breakfast the first day was very slow in coffee service and if not in room rate not worth £23. Next day was better but still not worth the price.Locationwise it is great with Regent st 2 mins away and hald way up Bond st. So shoppers heaven and easy and pleasant walk to Green park etc. If you don't want to eat and drink in hotel, there is Sketch over the road for a decent continenal breakfast at half the price. Berkely sq. is also close and everything from a Pret to 2* restaurant.By Bongoblog	
Oct 24 2005	Deserves it 4 stars.	The Westbury was in an excellent location, for both shopping and the West End/Covent Garden. We walked to the West End in only 15mins, so definitely closer than you might think (if you are a tube traveller!). The hotel was very welcoming, with excellent service and a 1st class breakfast. One gripe was the lack of tea and coffee facilities in the rooms and they were quite small (basic twin). I would defo recommend it and may well be back in the near future!	
Sep 16 2005	Not happy	I booked via a travel agent this hotel after checking the information I was given and comparing it with the hotel's own website. When I got to the hotel I realized it was under renovation and the services were serverly compromised. There was work going on in the public areas like the bar and the restaurant and lobby. Not to mention scaffolding outside and we having to use a side entrance to enter the premises. I asked why was this vital fact not informed to me and to my agent, or why was it not mentioned in the website. I was told that it was because; in their opinion these renovations were not going to affect my stay !!!???I felt as I had been lied to on a vital issue, and then treated arrogantly. In my opinion it is up to me to decide if renovations negatively affect my stay or not. I cannot trust the information on the website to be true now or in the future. This managment has a company policy where lying is institutionalized.	
Sep 15 2005 	Stay elsewhere!	I can't believe I'm writing this review after staying at the Westbury during every trip to London for the past 3 years, but here goes. I arrived and found the lobby was under construction and a bit of a mess. I was disappointed, and made a mental note to ask my client to meet me out at a restaurant instead of the hotel lobby. When I went to check in, the desk clerk could not find my records in the computer and needed me to fill out my passport and contact info again. I asked her to check the computer again since I am a regular customer she gave me a little bit of attitude. When I finally got into my room I looked around and realized it was a bit &quot;shabby&quot; and found the bathroom wasn't so clean (dust - nothing disgusting). I figured I would deal with it in the morning and got ready for bed. Once in the bed I realized I could hear the man in the room next door snoring (thin walls), but figured I would be fine since I was exhausted. At 4am I was woken up by a terrible banging noise that would not stop. After 10 minutes I finally called the front desk and asked them to come investigate, which they did immediately. It turns out there was air in the pipes and nothing they could do about it. I asked to have my room changed immediately and after a tiny argument I was shown to a room on the opposite side of the hotel (larger with updated decor). The next evening my client called to advise our dinner plans and was transferred to my old room. Although surprised I wasn't available at 7pm as we had previously agreed, she left me a voice mail with instructions on the time and place. Unfortunately, this message did not reach me until 10:30pm - well after I was due to meet her. This caused an embarrasing situation, and was the last straw. There are nicer hotels with better service in London. Stay at one of them - I know I will on my next trip!	
Sep 14 2005	Shame about the breakfast	We stayed for three nights. The location is good for shopping and the staff were all very pleasant and friendly. However it's undergoing a renovation at present which leaves the lobby looking very ordinary.The room was good, but tiny. In fact I began to wonder if we had been given a single room, as there was only one bathrobe, but the booking was clearly for a double, and there were two of everything else. Well furnished and clean, with good airconditioning.But to have to stand in a queue for 15 minutes to get into the breakfast room is ridiculous for a four star hotel! Maybe this was something to do with the renovation works, but I couldn't see where else we could have gone. The breakfast itself was good, when we finally got to it.	
Aug 16 2005	Clean average hotel but great location	Just returned from a 2 night break here. There was building work going on around reception but not enough to bother us. The whole place was very clean but a little dated and the rooms were very small, if I had paid full price for this (£260 ish a night ) I would have complained. The polo bar again is clean and nice but old fashioned (was expecting the decor to be more up to date than it was ) we were charged £22.50 for 2 bloody mary's which gives you an idea of prices they charge in the hotel !! On the whole the hotel was very average and I guess the prices they charge is reflected in the location, just a 5 mins walk from Oxford Circus station and central to pretty much everything e.g Selfridges, Regent Street, Leicester Square, China town, Soho and Covent Garden. I think I will be trying somewhere else to stay next time I'm in London but if I was stuck I probably would go back if I got a good deal, ( I paid £99 per night for the room ).	
Aug 7 2005	Good Location worth Staying if you get a good deal	When we arrived at the hotel there was building work going off in the reception area and half of it was shut off! (this did not bother us too much but it would have been polite to have advised us of this at time of booking).We went up to the room, which was clean but small. My opinion was that the rooms needed some refurbishment.Overall the hotel was fine and in a perfect location! The hotel bar was a little quite (we prefer a buzzing bar) but the breakfast was lovely. We got a good deal on the hotel and paid £115 for the room,vat and continental breakfast. I would stay at this hotel again but only at this price. there are better hotels about for the figure of £140 + (which most websites charge this hotel at)	
Jul 6 2005	Love London Love the Westbury Mayfair	My husband and I spent 7 nights at the Westbury and left with no complaints. The location was Excellent, staff friendly, the hotel itself was clean and the room was larger than expected for a city hotel (I had prepared myself for a tiny little cave based on some of the reviews). The doormen &amp; conceirge are top notch - going out of their way to be friendly and helpful. As the other reviews indicated, make sure your breakfast is included - it is very convenient and quick as it is a buffet.This is definitely a great hotel for tourists who want to take advantage of all London has to offer. In that regard, seek out the assistance of the conceirge. These gentlemen take care of everything and would not accept tips (we typically don't stay at hotels w/ a conceirge so we didn't realize that tipping was not appropriate until after we tried to - it was politely refused). I also noticed many art &amp; antique dealers there. The shopping in the immediate vicinity is high end, but you are in walking distance from tons of shops, pubs, restaurants, picadilly, soho, etc. too.My only complaint is that is was 90 degrees and sunny every day - - not the London weather we expected :) I came back from London tanner than some friends that went to the caribbean!	
Jun 28 2005	Can't beat the location and should be in the top 50 at least	Just off Regent St and great for shopping and the theatre. Just returned from a 1 night Sat break and was impressed. The Westbury is a privately run hotel that is undergoing some refurbishment but makes a real effort to keep the standards up (more 4* than 5* though). There are some great deals out there (paid £110 inc free breakfastx2) so you can forgive the poorly trained restaurant staff but the doorman more than makes up for it and looks after you well. Rooms are fine, very clean, nice soaps and stuff and didn't feel cramped at all. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for its great location, price at the weekend and free breakfast if you can get it (I wouldn't pay £22pp!).	
May 12 2005	Good location for serious shoppers	This pleasant hotel is just off Bond Street, and a couple of streets away from the Burlington Arcade - ideally located for very expensive shopping. The staff are pleasant and the public rooms ok. We stayed in a &quot;Superior King&quot; room, which was neutrally decorated and a decent size, though the bathroom is quite small.It is a perfectly pleasant place to stay, but you are paying a premium for location: it doesn't have much atmosphere, and if I had had to pay the rack rate (about £240 per night) I would have gone somewhere like Hazlitt's or the Covent Garden hotel. For £140 from lastminute, I thought it was reasonable value.	
Mar 30 2005	Nice hotel	Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel (24-28 March 2005)The hotel is good. But since the price is high, I must complaint about having to wait in the lobby to be seated for breakfast - 3/4 mornings had to wait. Maybe the easter holiday is to blame. I really couldn't care less. The hotel should be prepared to receive tourists and the breakfast room is just too small. Not enough tables for the size of the hotel. And i have had better breakfasts in cheaper hotels.The hotel staff is very polite. Yet, they'd better get some help during breakfast time, because sometimes it seemed they couldn't handle it and, again, had to wait for a while for toasts or just milk.The rooms aren't large, but they're ok. Everything is clean and the carefully put. The decor is old fashion, but ok.The hotel location is good, 5 to 10 minute walk to Picadilly. Although you can walk to Picadilly, it'd be much nicer to have the subway/underground closer.	
Mar 10 2005	An impressive 4* hotel!	Walking through the hotel entrance towards the reception desk, we were very impressed with what greeted us. There is no question that this is a 4* deluxe as advertised.Unfortunately, at check in, there was no booking for us (through no fault of the hotel) but the efficient reception and reservation staff was very quick to put this right for us. We were also upgraded from a Supreme Queen to &quot;a bigger room with a bigger bed&quot;!On entering our room we were very surprised at just how small this &quot;bigger&quot; room was...I'd hate to imagine the size of the Supreme Queen. That said, everything in the room was of an excellent standard. Carpets, wallpaper and other fixtures and fittings were all in immaculate condition. (This high standard was also visible in the hotel corridors.)As far as noise levels go, we didn't have any real problems at The Westbury. Traffic noise was minimal (great considering it's central location) and on occasions we could hear the sound of the next room's TV, but this was never later than 10pm.In summery, if you are looking for a high quality hotel with a very central location (Oxford Street and Regent Street just minutes walk away) you can't go far wrong with The Westbury. The only thing we would have liked to have seen was a slightly bigger room for our money.	
Feb 19 2005	great location but small rooms	Stayed here on business on a a thursday night in Feb 2005. Location is fantastic, less than a minute to the expensive attractions of bond street, the royal academy, regent' s street (Liberty's) picadilly and St. James. Got a great rate but a small room - beware if room size is important to you then do not book a superior queen. However the room was very comfortable, nicely decorated and the bathroom whilst very small had everthing a girl could want. I was travelling alone so the size of the room was OK but it would have been cramped for 2. The location is fantastic and very safe for a lone female traveller. The staff are all really nice and remember you by name - quite an acheivement in London. The main downside is that the lobby is quite small and can get very busy - and very very smokey. At times the level of smoke in the lobby was unpleasant and you have to walk through it to get to the elevators. Room service was good &amp; fast, breakfast was Ok, but if it not included in the rate would be very expensive at £20. better to walk 5 minutes to picadilly and go the the starbucks or Pret. Beware this area is quiet after dark so you may want another location if you are after nightlife - theatre district is aout a 15 minute cab ride.	
Feb 15 2005	thank goodness for location		
Jan 14 2005	Perfect location and lovely Hotel		
Nov 17 2004 	Absolutely terrible		
Oct 28 2004	A classy choice in a great London locale		
Oct 26 2004	should be in the top 10		
Oct 2 2004	great location not so great rooms		
Sep 13 2004	Fabulous location great service		
Jun 14 2004	Great London hotel		
Sep 24 2003	Luxurious		
Aug 24 2003	Poor value for money		
Jul 16 2009 	??????????		
Apr 23 2009 	Très bien situé		
Feb 20 2009 	Ne vaut absolument pas le prix demandé		
Jul 9 2008 	très bruyant		
Mar 31 2008 	Rien d'extraordinaire		
Jan 20 2008 	Ottimo con riserva		
Jan 8 2008 	Accogliente e comodo		
