	Why go anywhere else?	A recent two night weekend break started with great excitement when we entered our room 510, stunning room, clean, well equipped with lovely balcony views, (even if there was a lot of scaffolding to see - I guess that's to be expected thou - and it certainly didn't dissolve any of our pleasure) we could see the Post Office Tower and in the opposite direction the London Eye. The hotel staff were polite and friendly throughout our stay, although one waitress was a bit short with us at the bar but then seemed to come round more friendly when she realised we were actually guests at the hotel! and service at breakfast could be improved as I'm sure table service at this level shouldn't include leaning over us to place or collect items! But the concierge came up trumps on our first morning with a letter for my wife containing two surprise tickets for the theatre (yes - I set it up and yes - she was thrilled!!!!) We really enjoyed our evenings in the lounge and library where we indulged in many wonderful cocktails although I would have liked the bar even more had it stayed open later than 12.30 (despite an honesty bar). The hotel is in a great location and just a few minutes walk to Chinatown or Piccadilly and even at night felt perfectly safe. Expensive? yes. Worth it? as a special treat certainly, in fact currently considering re-booking for another show next February. In answer to my title question - I know there must be other hotels of this quality but why take the risk!! One last tip - use the City of Westminster car park at Newport Place in Chinatown, it may smell a bit but it's secure and good value if you book online plus it's 5-6 minutes walk to the hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Fabulous hotel staff and experience	This is a gorgeous hotel - hip, elegant and a sensory delight. The staff are superb and can't do enough to help. Our room was a deluxe double and lived up to everything the website described it as being - large, airy, contemporary design, comfortable king bed with soft pillows and crisp linens. Bathroom similarly luxurious. The Soho has a very full library of DVDs that you select from free (when did you last have in-room movies for free?) and they supply free bottle water each evening with turn-down service (again not always the case in high-end hotels). Internet access is however off the charts expensive - I don't get it, and it would be my one complaint. On the up side Soho itself is full of internet cafes so you can get your online fix that way if you need it. The hotel has a very happening bar area - lively but not intrusively so and does not impact the rest of the hotel at all. Soho is a great area for bars, restaurants and nightlife - the concierge is a great resource for helping filter out the so-so venues from the ones that are really worth going to. My husband and I spent a romantic weekend in London here - worth every penny and we would definitely stay at the Soho or another Firmdale hotel as a result.	
Oct 28 2009 	Expensive - but worth every penny!!	Was here with my wife for a weekend getaway. My wife was ill with the flu, sneezing and coughing as we checked in- which was overheard by the concierge who immediately dashed over and offered to get my wife some supplies from a nearby chemists. Literally 5 minutes after arriving in our fantastic room there was a knock on the door where the concierge stood with a box of Kleenex, Strepsils, nose spray, aspirin.... I chose to tell you this story as this epitomizes the sublime level of service at this excellent hotel. I suppose the only negative note is that it is an expensive hotel, but the service, rooms, food &amp; drink &amp; location make it worth every penny!	
Oct 27 2009 	Fantastic Oasis in downtown London	Stayed here for one night. Wanted a short break in central London, but chose this hotel as looked both comfortable, full of character and classy. Found that the rooms were great, the bar is well worth a visit with superb coctails and a great people to meet and people watch. Staff were very friendly and there were plenty of nooks and crannies to explore. They offered valet parking and took care of the congestion charge, albeit for a fee, but that was worth it.My only gripe and it may seem minor was the internet. £20 for 24 hrs is more expensive than i have seen anywhere and in this day and age unnaceptable. I would have taken up to £10, but frankly i think it should be free or £5 at most. Probably just London rates ...In short one of the best hotels i have stayed at in London and have no hesitation in giving it 5 stars ! Do have a cocktail !	
Oct 19 2009 	Fabulous return to a fabulous hotel!	Once again fortune smiled upon us and we spent fabulous night at The Soho!Apart from husband being poorly (nothing to do with the hotel) - the stay could not have been better. Loved the warm milk and cookies at bedtime - yummy!Had the High Breakfast for breakfast - too much white flour and butter for my liking but that's just me!Next time we'll arrive by 3.30pm so we can use the cinema!	
Oct 15 2009 	CANNOT fault in anyway simply perfect!	Everything in this hotel was beautiful, we spent 3 nights there because we decided to splurge. If you can, I would! The lobby is beautiful, and the staff delightful. The room is gorgeous and big, although i believe we had a deluxe room. It was great, well decorated. The bed was HUGE and very comfy. The location is very good, tucked away but in the middle of everything and quiet. Great!	
Oct 2 2009 	The perfect hotel for a special celebration.	I held my 40th Birthday celebrations at the Soho Hotel and could not have wished for anything better. From the moment myself, family and friends entered the hotel we were greeted warmly and looked after to the finest degree (even my last minute requests were dealt with efficiently and I was made to feel like nothing was too much trouble). The party started in their Crimson Bar with champagne afternoon tea, which was divine, delicate and delicious and all served beautifully. This room, as with all the rooms in the hotel, is gorgeously decorated, comfortable and relaxing. We then moved into Screening Room 2 for a private screening of a film of my choice - dancing around in the aisles was great fun and certainly made the party original and even more memorable. Finally, we retired in the Refuel Bar where we were served the most glamourous cocktails and ate the most delicious tapas this side of Andalucia!Overall if you want to enjoy beautiful, relaxed surroundings, attentive &amp; friendly service and great attention to detail this is the place for you.	
Sep 22 2009 	Comfortably luxurious and friendly	The hotel is top notch in virtually every area. My spouse and I were particularly impressed with the comfort of the bed, and the very high quality of the sheets and pillows. The individually designed rooms look a bit garish in photos, but not in person. Rooms are large, particularly by London standards. We had a junior suite which was large. Our only quibble was, as others have noted, at these prices internet access should be free, not 20 pounds per day. These days, that's like charging for the oxygen in the room. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included so I suggest the High Breakfast...a two-level tray with a variety of small items. (See my photo) One day three paparazze were outside the hotel so I asked them who they were waiting for and they said Jason Statham. They said celebrities from Madonna on down have stayed there.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very nice but you can't charge Internet in 2009	Hotel is great decored, and rooms are incredible (confy beds, nice amenities).Service is almost perfect, with great advices on restaurantes and directions, and with a large collection of DVD's to watch.Only disapointing thing was that there was no a PC to check mails, and even if I had brought mine, I should have paid a daily Internet rate, which is not logicall in days where internet has flat rates, and specially because hotel rates are high enough to avoid this charge.	
Sep 16 2009 	"Sunny night in Soho"!!!!!	My partner and I stayed in &quot;The Soho&quot; on a weekend night and found the hotel to be an ocean of serenity in the frenetic madness that is Soho. The location really speaks for itself! The hotel itself is as you would expect of this type of hotel. The staff were polite, although the chap who offered to show us how to operate the door key had to be told twice that we could open the door without his help! We could! Sometimes too much service can be as bad as too little! The room didn't have the &quot;wow&quot; factor we were expecting, nevertheless it was very pleasant and the bed and bathroom were exceptionally good. My partner accidentally smashed a bottle of nail varnish on the bathroom floor and the housekeeper dealt with the same with maximum efficiency and minimum fuss in a friendly manner. Breakfast was included and was exceptional in every respect save for the £5.00 charge for an extra slice of toast, which I thought was a bit miserable given the cost of the room. The restaurant and the other public areas are very pleasant. There is a guest area which is very tastefully decorated and is set out very much like Winston Churchill's living room at Chartwell, very English, very cosy. Overall &quot;The Soho&quot; is very impressive. I thought I saw a &quot;celeb&quot; at breakfast, it's that sort of place....highly recommended.me	
Sep 8 2009 	Now our favourite London hotel	We came to London for an extended weekend break and chose The Soho Hotel based on a recommendation. We were enthralled with the place from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. The hotel's ambiance is intoxicatingly relaxing. Everything about the hotel exceeded our expectations. The service was wonderful; nothing was too much effort.The lounge bar has a fabulous, unpretentious buzz and the cocktails are superb. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant but other guests we spoke to had enjoyed their meal.Our suite was beautifully appointed, tasteful and relaxing.We will certainly be returning to what has become our favourite London hotel.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Hotel But Not Fond of the Concierge	I love the Soho Hotel and have stayed there a couple of times. The rooms are large, beautiful and full of light. Service is friendly. Special mention of the bellman from New Zealand who was so nice. However the last stay was marred by the concierge. If asked for theater tickets the price was higher than elsewhere, transportation the same thing. When asked about finding about ticket prices for several plays to compare he would arbitrarily just choose one. He never, ever discussed prices with us. We had to ask everytime and most of the time he had just gone ahead and booked transportation. When told that we were aghast at the what he wanted to charge for a one way fare to the Cotswolds all he said was &quot;sorry&quot;. Not let me see if I can do better, or here are alternate means of transportation. We inmediately called the hotel we were visiting in the Cotswolds and they sent a car for us that cost 80 pounds less. Not to mention that they were flabbergasted to hear what the concierge wanted to charge us.This is not acceptable. My sister in law had the same problems with him. The weekend concierges seemed much nicer. I will stay here again I love the Soho and also the Haymarket, but I suggest that when booking things through the concierge you double check everything.	
Aug 26 2009 	I loved this hotel. Well worth the money.	We booked in here for just one night, but didn't want to leave. It is simply that good.The room we had was spacious, well equipped, welcoming and surprisingly quiet.The staff were friendly and helpful, recommending restaurants, making bookings, giving directions and booking transport. One improvement would be free wireless internet. It can only improve on an almost perfect offering.	
Aug 24 2009 	Inspirationally Good	I booked just one nights stay on the Sunday night / movie package for my first years wedding aniversary. On arrival we were upgraded from the suit I had booked to their headline &quot;Soho Suite&quot;. Aside from the epic views from the enormous and beautiful rooms, I actually couldn't believe how well they managed to balance the attentive and freindly service with the infromality of staying at a friends house.Tasteful, elegant and very relaxing. I can't recomend this place highly enough......GO and STAY!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	WOW!!!	Absolutely brilliant, cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Had drank in the bar previously and wanted to stay the next time we visited London which is what we did.It lived up to all expectations, we got upgraded when we arrived to a luxury double which was a very large room for London which was spotlessly clean and the bathroom was gleaming. There was a turndown service at night too and towels we had used before going out for the evening were all changed by the time we got back.The &quot;Refuel&quot; bar/restaurant has a great atmosphere with extremely attentive staff. Although this hotel is 5 star, the staff are extremely laid back and very nice.Cannot recommend this hotel enough and can't wait to return.	
Aug 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel and great location	I love this hotel, and we stay here whenever we go to London. Previously we use to stay at One Aldwich, but it needed an update so we tried the Soho.The location is great, walking distance to numerous attractions, including Soho, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, Theatre district, Covent Garden etc. It hard to believe the building used to be a car park, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are great and the bar area is popular in its own right. Its certainly not cheap, but worth every penny. The cocktails in the hotel bar are great and the bar staff friendly, reception are always happy to help and there’s a private lounge for hotel guests if the bar is a bit fullThe hotel restaurant is not very popular, so I’d recommend eating elsewhere for some atmosphere (plenty of places nearby). We have had room service and breakfast at the hotel and it’s always been superb, so not sure why the restaurant never seems to be busy - maybe it’s not a weekend place Anyways, love this hotel! If you are happy with the room rates and you want a quality, friendly well located hotel in London, this is the place to go.	
Aug 9 2009 	Definitely a 5-Star experience and the Concierge services are top-notch!	We travelled to London and stayed at the Soho for 4 nights. The check-in procedure was quick/hassle-free and the staff were extremely friendly/efficient/courteous. We stayed in a luxury double room with a balcony overlooking soho/london-eye/roof-tops. Great view of Soho and the room was beautifully decorated with an awesome bathroom. Lots of wonderful ammenities offered with the room as well. We can't say enough about the service we received at this particular hotel. We have stayed in many 5-star hotels all over the world and the staff at this one were attentive, friendly and outstanding! Had the room service menu once, a late-night snack in the library on another night and then drinks/coffee/dessert in the refuel bar area on another occasion. The food was always fresh and delicious and perfectly prepared. We will be planning another trip into London in the next year or two and will definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	Outstanding on all counts	Probably the best hotel I've stayed at, and by very far the best in London.- service is outstanding, always perfect but not stuck up- everyone seems proud and happy to work there, which is the rarest thing- rooms are huge by London standards- decor is cosy and trendy- breakfast is delicious- LOCATION- good gymMinor issues : wifi is very pricey (they comped half of it spontaneously) and our aircon broke down. The staff really tried everything to fix it late at night.	
Aug 8 2009 	Fantastic hidden oasis right in the heart of Soho - recommended	When I lived in London I used to use the bar here as a quiet little bolt hole from the Soho madness. This hotel really is right in the heart of town, yet somehow not known about so is a great escape. Stayed here for one night on a trip home and I was really delighted by it - the rooms very comfortable (and by London standards huge), the staff couldn't be more helpful, the lounge very cosy for tea. I didn't want to leave really. It is expensive but also characterful, and has none of the snooty condescension that these places sometimes do. Looking forward to staying here again.	
Aug 8 2009 	Lived up to billing	My husband booked us in at the Soho for our wedding Anniversary. It was wonderful from the start. Our room was not available upon our arrival so we were offered a complimentary tea or coffee in the lounge with which we obliged. The room was very nice and quiet. We had a sunday movie package and were treated to a wonderful night in the cinema. It was a very good package that offered very good value for money.	
Aug 8 2009 	Will go back - soon !	Wonderful hotel in the heart of Soho. Fantastic doubleroom, spacious and beautifully decorated, with a nice view and a lovely bathroom. Nice restaurant with some great foods and breakfast was absolutely lovely ! Buzy, but good fun bar in the evening.Found the staff friendly and helpful. Great location, close to all the theaters, shopping, Piccadilly Circus , restaurants and a lot of the &quot;must-see&quot; sights. All in all worth the try - and we will surely go back again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Can not wait to return	Five star in every way. My wife and I stayed with our 18 and 20 year old children and we all had a great time. As for the staff, they really are the best and make you feel like you are the only customer they have.	
Aug 3 2009 	good hotel but left me cold	This hotel deserves most of the great reviews it has garnered here. We stayed in a luxury double and it was incredible roomy with a great bathroom. The bed was very big and so comfortable. My only minor complaint with this hotel would have to be the staff. While they were professional and efficient they were in no way friendly or warm. Often it is the little details like genuine warmth that add to a great experience in a hotel. I've stayed in plenty of hotels and it is often the ones that are not as expensive as this that make one feel genuinely welcome.One word of warning - beware the honesty bar! Its all too easy to start mixing hugh vodka tonics on coming in at 3 in the morning and as there are no prices listed you don't know what you are paying until you check out. I was shocked to find a couple of rounds of drinks had come to £90 - ouch!	
Aug 2 2009 	Couldn't ask for more!	I booked the Soho Hotel for my friends hen night as it has had so many excellent reviews.......we were not disappointed. On arrival, the staff were very friendly and professional and because it was a special occasion we were upgraded from the deluxe junior suite that we had booked to the penthouse suite......AMAZING and really made our one night stay very special.I would definitely book and stay at this hotel again as it had such a warm and cosy astmosphere but sophisitcated, modern and sleak at the same time! We all loved it!	
Aug 1 2009 	Totally cool and comfortable.	Far and away our favorite hotel experience ever. The service was exceptional. Celebrities were staying here, but it gave off no attitude to us middle-class pretenders. Our room was gorgeous and supremely comfortable. A very special end to a very special vacation. Thrilling.	
Jul 23 2009 	Just the best and very very hip	Wentu with my wife on a romatic trip. Brilliant they upgarded us and the staff were just suprub. Great location, papparazzi and great bar with brilliant Mojitos! Thank you the Soho Hotel!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Fabulous!	We live in London but just stayed at the Soho Hotel as an anniversary treat. We were made to feel very special - upgrade to lovely Junior Suite, personal note, complimentary champagne, breakfast included (so delicious). It's chic, relaxed and professional - expensive but fabulous! All the hotels in this minichain look exquisite. There were lots of other deals around and we were tempted to stay somewhere half the price but the feel good factor of exceptional service in a hip setting felt worthwhile!	
Jul 15 2009 	Huge suite friendly staff but not quite 100%	Having spent the previous night in the rather pompous Stafford hotel, the Soho was a breath of fresh air. I had booked a deluxe junior suite but was upgraded (without asking) to the penthouse. Vast, rather luridly decorated suite with one wall completely glass affording a fine view of... well, nothing very much. Rooftops, mainly. Penthouse was well furnished, with comfortable sofas and chairs in abundance. Flat TVs in both bed and living rooms were excellent, both with rather low-rent but useful DVD players.Reception staff were welcoming. Room service was fast, friendly: the food was tasty and hot, which is a basic requirement that some other London hotels seem to struggle with. Gripes?Wifi was not free (c'mon guys!) and the only complementary mineral water was supplied at turn-down. The bathroom was of an adequate size but somewhat cheaply furnished. No iron/ironing-board. Safe would not accommodate even the smallest of netbooks. As a chap, I did find the dressmaker's dummy and vibrant pink sofa a little too girly.But these niggles are pretty trivial.An excellently located hotel, attentive staff, decent-sized rooms and room service that is actually edible. I will be back.	
Jun 17 2009 	Superb Hotel Superb Staff = Superb Stay	My wife and booked the Soho Hotel, having read the reviews and having stayed in another Firmdale property - The Covent Garden Hotel.The hotel is located in a very quite part of Soho and if you weren't looking for it, you would never know it was there.Decor is 'trendy' without being sterile.When I originally booked I was asked if it was for a special occasion. When I informed them it was our Wedding Anniversary, I was offered breaskfast and a bottle of Champagne on arrival at no extra cost.If this wasn't enough when we checked into the hotel we were upgraded to a Penthouse Suite. The Penthouse Suite was enormous with a huge terrace.Staff are very attentive and not at all pompus. Everyone is made to feel very welcome.We had breakfast in the room the next morning, which was delivered exactly as ordered and on time and was delicious.Would definately stay again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Wow Wow Wow excellent Hotel true 5 star experience!!	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 2yr old daughter and was compelled to writeabout our stay as it really was that good! after reading the reviews about this hotel on trip advisor i was desperate to stay here as I work in travel and stay in london around once a month most recently at the dorchester which now seems dull and impersonal in comparison, we didnt book until we got to the hotel that day but wanted to book a luxury junior suite and we were told by reception that one was available after 6pm so as we were busy shopping etc we decided to wait till then so we waited in their refuel bar when we returned and to our amazement we were told that we were gettting upgraded to a 2 bedroom apartment!!! the apartment was absolutely beautiful like a home from home 2 bedrooms with gorgeous large beds and frette linen , new kitchen, living area, 3 flat screen tvs, miller harris toiletries, best mini bar ive ever seen, basically you couldve easily lived here no problems!! we had some drinks in refuel bar and service was excellent, reception staff were also excellent very personal but not stuffy like other 5 star hotels, concierge was also very happy to help and room service staff also could not do enough for you, the hotel is that good you dont want to leave.we also ordered room service and this was delivered promptly and was also of a good quality, and we had breakfast in our apartment the next morning that was also very good although they did firstly send us the wrong order but then sorted this out very quickly.the only bad thing was having to check out of this central boutique 5 star gem of a hotel....thankyou soho hotel and we will return very soon !!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Despite the hip vibe (and celebrity reality) down to earth staff 	The staff make the hotel. It's in a great location (heart of soho although on a pretty dismal side street), is very beautiful and well appointed and is very, very hip. (Miley Cyrus anyone?)The reason though to stay here is the staff. They are over the top helpful, nice and really go out of their way to help you out and make you feel welcome.	
Jun 1 2009 	my new favourite hotel	My chance to stay at the Soho finally came when we flew to London to celebrate our fifth wedding anniversary. The hotel is gorgeous, the breakfast is delicious and the rooms are huge. We booked a junior suite and were upgraded to penthouse no. 502. We had beautiful views over London from our large terrace and although Soho was buzzing on the hottest weekend of the year so far, we never heard a thing. Great beds, terrific sound-proofing and a treat every morning to hear the breakfast specials (the juices were delicious, esp the freshly squeezed apple and water-melon). The best thing about this hotel however is the staff. They are always attentive and helpful and create the informal, friendly atmosphere that the Soho is famous for - thankyou. I'm afraid I will have to start saving up for my next visit because I won't be able to stay in any other London hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fabulous staff	I went to London to speak at London Business School and had the pleasure of staying at The Soho Hotel. This is the best hotel I've stayed in in London. The location can't be beaten, the room was beautiful but most of all the staff were smiling, friendly, cheerful, helpful, knowledgeable and happy.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic Stay at this Gorgeous hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights for the May Bank Holiday weekend. We had booked a Junior Suite but were upgraded to a 2 bedroom apartment which was huge! Everything about the room was wonderful, the furniture, cleanliness, the HUGE bed! The location was excellent, within walking distance of main shopping areas. We did travel a lot by taxi and just had to ask and one was there for us. We ate the tapas menu in the bar which was great, 5 items for £20, just enough for 2 people with cocktails (which were delicious!). Service was good and even though the waitress did spill a drink on me when cleaning our table she was full of apologies and replaced it immediately.Even though this is a top class hotel and favoured by celebrities (we sat next to Jerry Springer!) the staff treat everyone the same and made us feel special all weekend.We had champagne and cupcakes in our room upon arrival (champagne as part of the May special, cupcakes just as an extra!)We travel to london 5 or times a year and have stayed in lots of '5 star' hotels but never returned to any of them (except the Sanderson for cocktails!!) but we will be back to the Soho Hotel, in fact I cant wait!!	
May 24 2009 	WOW	We recently had the pleasure of staying at the Soho in London. Right from the checking in to the checking out, it was a wonderful and enjoyable experience. The staff were attentive, very helpful and the service was quick without being rushed. The rooms were wonderful, spacious and good value for money (I am comparing this to Manhattan where there is also limited space, our room at the Soho, for the same amount of money was much larger than any we have found in New York). This certainly will be the hotel that we return to in London. It is also in the centre of the city and very close to tube stations, so transportation is easy, and of course there are also taxis.	
May 23 2009 	lovely but very expensive would love it to be on last min.com	Truly spectacular and I love the film club. It is very expensive but the food and drink is the best in London. The staff are cold but are precise and polite. Big down size of hotel rooms is there’s no tea or coffee making facilities. So for any one who likes a tea/ coffee through out the day expect to have too pay £4 a cup.	
May 23 2009 	Perfect hotel in perfect location	My husband and I stayed at The Soho Hotel for 8 nights in May for vacation. We chose the hotel due to the positive Tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed one bit. The hotel is new, clean, modern, and trendy. We had a luxury room, which was spacious, comfortable, and most importantly, clean. The room had a nice big bathroom with Miller Harris toiletries. The bed was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. The concierge staff were available 24/7 and extremely helpful and knowledgeable. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant at least 4 times. Breakfast was good and came out quickly (unlike some of the other reviews regarding the timeliness of the breakfast). Although breakfast was a bit on the expensive side, we thought the food was very good. In terms of location, we loved it. It's in the heart of Soho, which is pretty much in the center of London. We walked to pretty much all the major sites (great exercise) from the hotel and only took the tube a few times during the entire 8 days we were there. With its location in Soho, we also had restaurants, bars, shops. nightlife, theatre, and people watching right outside the hotel. We are very happy that we chose The Soho Hotel and plan to stay here again on our next visit to London.	
May 9 2009 	amazing!	I cannot rate The Soho Hotel enough. I know it is expensive and I had read the reviews on here and had heard some negative things about not being treated too well if you're not a fancy celebrity but I can honestly say I have never been treated so well-and I have stayed in many hotels around the world. I brought my husband here as a 30th Birthday present and chose the Soho Hotel for a number of reasons. Firstly, I am disabled so struggle to walk far and wanted somewhere central which didn't mean continuously needing to navigate tubes etc. The second was I wanted to treat my husband to a weekend away and it was a treat. We got upgraded to a junior suite which is decorated exquisitly, the bed was delicious and the bathroom was lovely. Clean towels, lovely turn down service every night and I am afraid I do enjoy the little nice touches like the sprays for the pillows at night and aromatherapy sprays etc..my husband was not so impressed at this..but he did love the birthday cakes they gave us which were so delicious. The breakfast was gorgeous as was the service every morning. The extras are slightly over priced (a granola was about £5.50) but thats what you expect in such a lovely hotel and its not as if you can't wonder to the shops and buy it relatively cheaper in a flash! We went to the honesty bar one evening and that was a nice touch, although there were people watching most of the time so i am not sure how trust worthy they are of their customers! The best part about this hotel though are the Concierge. They are so efficient, reliable, knowledgeable, helpful and have such a lovely sense of care and humour! We needed a taxi and had a car to drive us to our restaurant by the time we had walked downstairs. It is touches and effort like that which made me sign the bill with a huge smile and walk out of the hotel thrilled to have been lucky enough to stay there with my husband and have such a fantastic time.	
May 2 2009 	A FANTASTIC hotel	This is one of the best hotel I have been in. The athmosphere, the decoration, the staff, the room....everything is almost perfect.Rooms are beautifuuly decorated which does compensate for the lack of city or street view, they are large and really comfortable (we were upgraded from junior suite to a huge appartment but we have seen the &quot;regular&quot; room), high-tech equipment and &quot;feel at home&quot; touches (dvd available at the front desk, help-yourself bar) that all make for a fantastic stay in a buzzling city.Can only encourage you to book this hotel in London!	
Apr 28 2009 	Loved every aspect of the Soho	Just stayed for five nights at the Soho and I could not have been more pleased with every aspect of the hotel, and I am a total hotel fuss budget. Combine English with an edge decor from the lobby on, a happening bar scene, charming rooms ..some with toile wallpaper others with grey pinstripe and very well appointed bathrooms... with one of the most welcoming and helpful staff I have ever encountered from the bell persons to the concierge to the front desk....and you have a combination that makes for a wonderful stay in a great part of the city...would go back in a sec.	
Apr 28 2009 	FABULOUS HOTEL LOVED IT ALL	Great hotel - room fab ,location central , staff friendly would stay there anytime will now find it hard to go anywhere else in london !! very very good if you like boutique hotels you will love it	
Apr 19 2009 	Just perfect.........	Stay for just one night which was a short break for myself and my husband. The location is just perfect. Staff are friendly and professional. We only ate breakfast which was just excellent. We stayed in a luxury double room which was just perfect. We returned after dinner and a show to the bar to sample the cocktail menu....really enjoyable.Would highly recommend. .	
Apr 16 2009 	Gorgeous room with amazing service in prime location	What more could a couple want then a beautiful room with attentive service in an amazing location in Soho. The hotel staff were impeccable and went over and above the call of duty on several occasions including running out to buy me complimentary bubble baths and walking us personally to a wonderful dimsum restaurant. Every staff member was thoughtful and personable. I would love to go back.	
Apr 14 2009 	Not the same anymore	This is my 4th stay at the soho hotel now and while i love the place i just dont think its as good as it was a couple of months ago.The room was fantastic still, the decor is amazing. The service has gone down a notch especially room service and the breakfast service in the restaurant. Always loved being told the breakfast specials, juice ect, during my last stay these touches did not happen.I will still return as i love the location and concept but i just hope it can be what it was.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Hotel Refuel Breakfast Poor	Love this hotel and the reception, concierge are spot on. Location is great for the theatres and oxford street and to be honest cabs aren't that expensive considering.Major gripe - 1st morning for breakfast it took half an hour from ordering the teas for them to arrive, then the rest of breakfast arrived really slow. (there were 4 of us).We thought it was an off day, so the next morning we arrived for breakfast at 9.45am and we got out at 11.15am. We only had standard breakfast on the menu, it was really slow poor service which brought the otherwise 5 star down to 3 star. I heard some other guests saying the service was also slow. I'd recommend without the need to go to the refuel breakfast bar.	
Apr 7 2009 	Sophisticated hotel in an unsophisticated location	This is a hard review to write because, inside the walls of the hotel, this place was splendid. The staff were friendly and courteous, the decor outstanding, and the room (junior suite) lovely for a discounted price. Furthermore, despite what was going on outside, the hotel was quiet although without meaningful views out of the windows. However, SoHo may be an attractive location for some, but it was not for us. Yes, it is near theatres, near restaurants, and near many, many pubs. And more pubs. But this upscale hotel is not in an upscale area, and it seemed a real mismatch. The streets were jammed with cars, people, noise, etc. If you want to be part of this scene, SoHo is for you. But it isn't for us. So we recommend transplanting this hotel brick by brick to Mayfair or some like place. It would be truly perfect!P.S. High speed internet was $30 per day!	
Apr 7 2009 	One of the very best...	I am struggling to think of a hotel that I have stayed at that I have enjoyed more. This place has it all. The only one very very minor gripe that I have is that we asked for a bucket of ice to be bought up which it was, very promptly. However the guy that bought it hovered for a tip and gave me such a filthy look when I didn't. As this isn't the USA, I don't tip in hotels unless something absolutely exceptional has been done. I especially don't tip in top rate hotels - if they're not paying their staff properly then something is seriously wrong.That aside, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, the room was probably the best I have ever stayed in - so classy. The bathroom was absolutely spotlessly clean as was the rest of the room. The minibar was the best stocked, including half a bottle of Krug!The hotel is not cheap by any means, but I thought it was good value (we took advantage of their Sunday Siesta rate, booked direct with the hotel) - with this you get a glass of champagne on arrival, milk and cookies at bedtime and breakfast.	
Apr 6 2009 	Very Impressed with the Soho Hotel	My fiancé and I just returned from a quick 3-night getaway to London and we stayed at the Soho Hotel. We had high expectations based on reviews we’d read here, and we were NOT disappointed. The staff was wonderful; so helpful and friendly. They managed to track down a converter box for me so my straightening iron would work, without me even asking them to. Our room was large, bright, and comfortable, and the bathroom was also enormous and spotless. We had breakfast only one of the mornings we were there, but it was very good and we were pleasantly surprised to find it was included in our room rate. One night we ate a late dinner at the bar after seeing a play and it was really yummy. My only complaint was that the cocktails at the bar were a little weak and small for the price, but that wasn’t really that big of a deal. The location was also fantastic- we didn’t pay for one cab during our stay because we could walk everywhere we wanted to go. I wouldn’t hesitate to stay at the Soho Hotel again!!	
Mar 15 2009 	stylish and top quality	This place exudes quality and understated class. From the moment we walked through the door we felt at home. The staff are amongst the best in the business - efficient, friendly, thoughtful and above all helpful. The rooms are simply superb; colourful, well equipped, comfortable and spotlessly clean. Breakfast is fresh and well prepared. Try the fresh juices and the day's special - how many hotels can claim to offer a breakfast special ?!! The lounges are a great place to relax and the bar is as lively as the cocktails are good.Thoroughly recommnded - even at these prices. A boutique hotel of the highest order.	
Mar 13 2009 	large and comfortable	We booked a deluxe bedroom at this hotel.The hotel was very well located in little italy, what ever there is left of it.We went to see Jersey Boys at the nearby theatre, again this was very well located.We arrived at the hotel with our car where we were welcomed by the doorman. He kindly arranged for our car to be parked at a nearby car park.When we checked in, we were suprised that they upgraded us to a huge 2 bedroom luxury apartment which you would loose yourself in.There was 2 king bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, an unused kitchenette with bar, extremely large lounge, hallway, includIng 3 TVs, which we didnt really watch.The Cocttail bar was very impressive, with a big selection of wines, champagne and coctails.The breakfast was well cooked and served, but they do not make perfect espressos, a minor issue.The restaurant ,looked pretty good although we didnt dine in the hotel that evening as there were many restaurants within a few minutes walking.A very relaxing, centrally located London hotel, in a quiet mews within a bustling outdoor area of London.fromC BWaltham Cross	
Mar 11 2009 	Wonderful hotel with slight service glitch	We stayed for one night to celebrate a birthday. Hotel is impressive - fabulous decor and buzzy atmosphere. The bar manages to be both informal and comfortable whilst also being very much the place to be seen and full of real characters! We had booked a suite. Tried to check in at ten to 2 (check in is officially 2pm) to be told that as it was a birthday celebration they had upgraded us to a 2 bedroom penthouse apartment. We were delighted. However, this room was still being cleaned and not available for at least half an hour. As we had an appointment we agreed to drop off our bags and come back later. When we did so we were shown to our room.......lovely, but most definetly not a 2 bedroom penthouse. Feeling a bit confused we called to reception and after some time, and lots of to-ing and fro-ing, we were told that the room we had been promised was no longer available (some story about a guest checking out of it then needing to come back - which we felt was unlikely as we had been told twice that the hotel was full that night). We were made to feel cheap that we were asking, which we felt was unfair. It was a disappointment and could have been handled differently - if only someone had raised this with us as soon as we'd returned and apologised for the mix up we would have accepted it and been fine. Anyway - that aside, the room was large and beautiful. The bed was massive and one of the most comfortable we've ever slept in. Food was very good - both room service snacks and breakfast. Most of the staff we encountered were polite and very helpful and welcoming. After a very late night we were given a late check out the following morning which was appreciated. All in all we enjoyed our experience and would come back.	
Mar 9 2009	Almost perfect	I stayed at Soho Hotel from Feb 28th to March 2nd with my mother, to attend Rigoletto's performance at Covent Garden opera and to have a pleasant extended weekend in London. I was looking for an elegant, clean and calm hotel in the city center, and the Soho hotel met all these requirements:LOCATION: Ideally located in the centre of Soho neighbourhood, the gay/alternative district, with lots of bars, pubs and restaurants, and incredible nightlife. However, the hotel is in a very quiet street, away from the hustle and bustle, with no cars nor pedestrians at all. Picadilly, Covent Garden, Regent street and even Mayfair are in a walkable distance.ROOMS: Individually decorated, with high quality furnishings, cared details, a well stocked minibar and a big flat screen Loewe TV with DVD. Rooms are very bright, with huge windows (average views) and extremely quiet at all times of day and night.The only reason for my 4 star rating, instead of a 5 star, is that I still doubt if the room I was given was a real Deluxe Suite -according to the rate I payed- or just a nice Deluxe room (especially after seeing the pictures of my room, posted by a previous reviewer, Sunflower 4477 NYC, in which it is stated &quot;Deluxe room&quot; photos.BATHROOM: Excellent, spacious, very well enlighted and incredibly clean. Separate tub and bath. Plenty of mirrors. Great water pressure.SERVICE: Real 5 stars service. Courteous, helpful, friendly, efficient and multilingual. The cleaning service was perfect, too, coming to the room 2 or 3 times a day, but only when we weren't there. Cleaninless is someting to be mentioned, other very expensive hotels should learn from Soho.BREAKFAST: Included in our weekend rate, breakfast was complete, abundant and excellent quality. Home made juices and smoothies, many types of fruit, yougurts, cereals, toasts and bakery, and other à la carte things (eggs, omelettes, bacon, tomatoes and mushrooms...)OTHER SERVICES: Very nice gym, with modern equipment and personal trainer. Honesty bar and a small cinema. There is an expensive relaxation service (massages) that I didn't use. I missed a swimming pool.Overall, a very good experience. A highly advisable hotel in the heart of London, very comfortable, modern and clean, at quite high prices.	
Mar 8 2009 	"It's absolutely lovely!"	Fantastic service - really warm and friendly yet very slick.Beautiful rooms that make you feel right at home (or make wish your own bedroom was exactly like it!!)Great lounge and bar areas- very cool yet relaxed and 'easy'.Soho hotel is a gem and we will be staying there again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Something missing but would stay again to try and find it!	My husband and I stayed here for one night to celebrate my 30th Birthday. He booked us a Deluxe Double room at about £350 inc. breakfast.We arrived early and left our bags with the hotel whilst we went to Borough Market. The hotel is located down a tiny side street and upon entering the lobby we were impressed with the plush yet homely ambiance they had managed to create. When returning late afternoon they honoured our request for a higher floor and we were allocated room 411. The room was bright and airy, overlooking the road below via (almost) floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was the obligatory marble clad type, with a deep tub, separate shower and twin sinks. The room had great flow and a calm and serene feel to it. I was a little concerned initially about the interconnecting door, but thankfully we heard nothing from next door, assuming it was occupied.The welcome gift delivered to the room was a nice touch, (I'm a sucker for that kind of gesture) and the speed at which they delivered the toothbrush and toothpaste which my husband had forgotten was impressive. ALL of the front desk staff managed to give you a warm fuzzy feeling with their kind words/passing comments as you made your way in and out of the hotel...they really did make you feel welcome and appreciated.There are a few things to mention for feedback purposes as opposed to complaints because they did not adversely affect our stay. These include the &quot;one size&quot; bathrobes - they are too small. I am 5'4&quot; and a size 10, yet couldn't snuggle up in them as I'd like, and my 6' tall non-fat husband didn't have a chance in hell. He did call down asking for a 'his' bathrobe, thinking they had delivered 2 'her' gowns, but was told that is the only size. I would assume anyone with a little extra padding would need to have flashing on their list of occasional hobbies when wearing these robes. The room was spotless - impressively spotless - other than a grubby and scuffed valance sheet on the bed. This was a shame really as the attention to detail was otherwise superb, so why this was missed I'm not sure. Lastly, breakfast was a bit of a letdown. We decided to have it in our room and they forgot my husbands bacon and sausages (the best bit!). He called down and was told they would send them up immediately. 20 mins passed and feeling sorry for my husband pushing eggs and a lonely hash brown around his plate in anticipation of the meat fest, I politely chased it up, but was told, a little abruptly, that they were on their way. 5 mins later they arrived. They did remove the breakfast delivery charge from the bill, but a hotel of this supposed calibre should have either delivered the missing items as a priority, or if that wasn't possible, then the whole breakfast should have been refreshed.So with the slight negatives out the way, I can tell you that the bar and restaurant are buzzy, relaxed and fun and I wish we had spent more time there. On a Saturday night it was pleasantly busy and if you find a comfy spot could spend a long evening there....perhaps longer than you intended if you've indulged in their comprehensive cocktail list.It is difficult to be harsh when reviewing this hotel because 95% of the experience is very good indeed, but I wasn't as bowled over as I thought I might be and I'm not sure why. We have a weekend in London 4 or 5 times a year, and normally spend about £200 a night for a hotel. Perhaps because The Soho Hotel was that little bit more in cost, I was expecting that little more of an experience, but I'm still on the fence. I will say, costs aside, that were we staying longer, it may have given us more time to fall in love with the hotel as other people seemed to have, but as ours was just a short affair, perhaps we didn't have time to discover the true delights it has to offer.Until next time.	
Feb 24 2009 	Still favourite of the Firmdale Hotels	This was our third return to the Soho, this time on a Saturday to attend wedding in the evening. Last trip to London we stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel to try it out, but still prefer the Soho overall. Arrived to check-in around 2pm and after a quick drink and snack in the bar the room was ready with our bags taken up. Do have to agree about the service charge mentioned below. It’s reasonable I suppose if you order drinks to be delivered to you in one of the lounges, but we paid service to order drinks right beside the bar, which I thought was a bit daft. We had complimentary upgrade from Luxury Double to Deluxe which was very nice, and the rooms are huge in comparison to Covent Garden. Room 211 was wonderfully comfortable, think I preferred it over the larger suites we've had in the past. And still the great beds, pillows, facilities &amp; bathroom. The staff are all wonderfully cheerful and welcoming. Only minor niggle again to do with the Refuel bar. We returned late Saturday night and the bar was still full so decided to have a drink in there. The barman told us he was no longer serving and we would have to get our drinks from the honesty bar and could then return to drink them in the hotel bar. When we returned with our drinks he was busy mixing cocktails for other customers sitting up at the bar. Wasn't greatly impressed with that. Still, it didn't put a damper on things. We had a really good nights sleep - too much in fact because we didn't wake till after 10am! Still managed to get a really good full English breakfast via room service (included in room rate) and reception was happy to let us check-out a little later than the usual 11am because we were running so behind. Still the best choice if you want to be in the thick of things.	
Feb 23 2009 	Beautiful Hotel but some have some reservations	This is a beautiful hotel but I would have some reservations about some of the practices adopted by management. It is expensive to stay there but the practice of adding service charges to food and drinks bills is suspect. Service charges to room delivered food and drinks are acceptable but service charges added to food and drinks in the restaurant and bar is extortionate. You are provided with lovely cosmetic bathroom products from Miller Harris. However we stayed for two nights and the products were not replenished on day two. This meant we were provided with a 2 fluid ounce bottle of shampoo for two night between two adults. Thats a half ounce of shampoo per person per day! This is mean in my book when charged the sterling equivalent of over 300 euro per night! When we came to pay our bill we found items charged for but not ordered or consumed. They were promptly removed but no apology was forthcoming for their addition to the bill. The charges in this day and age for using the internet are unfortunate.Little things like these do not make for a memorable stay or a desire to return.	
Feb 21 2009 	Best choice ever	My friend and I, 2 middleaged mums, went to London for some serious shopping. I chose the hotel because it was rated #1 in Tripadvisor and i couldnot find any bad evieuws about it really. We made the best choice we could. Its perfectly located for shopping yet not on a busy road. We both had our own single rooms but unlike other hotels we did not get tucked away in the smalles room of the hotel at gthe end of a dark hallway..no, we got very nice rooms. I could write a book about all the nice things in it, but thats been done before i noticed, so i will just settle for Excellent Rooms!Roomservice is fast and good, beautifull bathroom and nice beds. We didnot have a nice vieuw from the windows but i dont think many rooms have that anyways in big citys. And we didnot come for the vieuws anyways.What for us makes the difference in this hotel is the atmosphere. Its laid back. Its 5 star service and luxury but not with the stiffness and posh it usually comes with. It was friendly, amical almost and we like that. The concierge said..OH MY GOD...when we came back from shopping with at least 25 bags....the doorman gave us complimentary umbrellas wehen we left for a second shopping spreee, because it had started to rain a bit, the waitress in the restaurant in the evening (who we didnot see before) gave us the same table as we had at breakfast, because we told teh breakfast waitress we liked the little cosy corner. Now THATS what i call service. Service with a smile. Everybody actully seemed to like working there.So, I found MY hotel in London and will not every try another again. Its The Soho for me all the way.I can only suggest you do the same! You will not regret it.	
Feb 19 2009 	Amazing Hidden Treasure of a Hotel	This hotel is perfect. The service was impeccable and the staff was beyond helpful. Arrangements that needed to be made were done in the most timely fashion. The conceirge was very helpful with directions. The room was wonderful and large. The design of the hotel was beautiful and there was not a single flaw.	
Feb 16 2009	You can't go wrong with this choice	Was looking for a romantic weekend with the boyfriend for valentines, and as always, looked to tripadvisor for a reccomendation. at the time it was the number one recommended hotel, and i can definatly see why. upon arrival, you can't help appreciate the attention to design details: quirky without being campy. We were very pleased to have been upgraded from the luxury suite that we had ordered to a Soho Suite. Honest to goodness one of the best hotel rooms in the world that we have stayed in. Modern and homey, with a bathroom to die for: 2 large basins, a huge freestanding tub (with tv if you are so inclined), as well as a waterfall shower. heaven. There is no way that one could fault the staff, they are friendly, courteous, and willing to do all they can to make your stay enjoyable. We cannot wait to go back!	
Feb 15 2009 	Fabulous	Very nice stay. Friendly welcome and very comfortable rooms.Wonderful stay for this first time at this hotel.	
Feb 11 2009 	loved the honesty bar	what a wonderful place.. the entrance is stunning! Our suite was fabulous. We were dining out so didn't sample the restaurant and when we got home (very very late) the normal bar was closed - we were directly to &quot;the honesty bar&quot; where you help yourself and write down what you have had. What a wonderful idea - reminded me of country pub lock ins where the landlord would slope of to bed and leave you to it. so much better than waiting around for a half asleep night porter to serve another drink like most 24 hour bars...	
Feb 5 2009	Snowbound yet snug in the Soho Hotel	First thing that hits you about this place is its friendliness. From the Australian receptionist to the room service, all the hotel staff have a warmth of character which immediately makes you feel relaxed and at home. Though the Soho is not large in terms of scale, it is a hotel with a big heart. And there seems to be a sense of teamwork permeating the place which is dedicated to high calibre customer service.I was allocated a great room on the fourth floor of the hotel. The rooms are large with latticed windows which run the whole length of the bedroom. There's a brightness about the place (both in terms of decor and natural light) which makes you feel good. It was snowing outside when I arrived and the room was alluringly warm. Given the cold weather conditions outside, I decided to take it easy for a while and watch the live Liverpool-Chelsea match on their high tech flat screen television. There's also a stereo sound system/radio in the room ; but it sounds a bit more tinny than the more authentic sound delivered by the television.The hotel has Soho as its natural hinterland. It is just off Dean Street and quite close to Gerrard Street. The night I arrived, there was a restaurant roasting three or four suckling pigs in an outside atrium (in honour of the Chinese New Year) and the smell was divine. Not surprisingly, I called in later on to sample this most succulent of pork. But, having read Timothy Mo's Sour Sweet novel (about an unfortunate London victim of the Triad gangs) many years ago, my imagination was in overdrive as I walked through Chinatown, wondering whether there was a more dangerous underbelly to this most sociable of places. But if it exists, I did not discover it.It was really a relief to be cocooned in this wonderful hotel as the weather conditions deteriorated outside. Though my view over the rooftops occasionally stretched way beyond Oxford Street, the burgeoning snowfall would reduce my visibility from the window to almost nothing in the space of seconds. The room was so comfortable that it made me reluctant to leave it in the morning. And the hotel has a great selection of breakfast dishes to suit all tastes. More importantly, however, the total cost of breakfast (of £20) was not unreasonable in the London scheme of things. If I had to describe it, I would place the food in the &quot;very good&quot; as opposed to &quot;great&quot; category. But incredible skill is required to produce hotel breakfasts which reach the guest's room in optimum condition.All in all, I had a highly relaxing stay at the Soho Hotel. My positive evaluation is also influenced by the fact that the room was available at a rate of Euro 250 a night. Not inexpensive. But worth it for the degree of comfort and service provided by the Soho Hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	Superb Soho	Stayed here with my husband for two nights on 9th and 10th January to celebrate a special birthday for me.Fabulous room on the 4th floor with huge windows looking over the rooftops of London. Location is perfect and considering the hotel is so central was surprisingly quiet at night ,ensuring a good nights sleep.All the staff were friendly and helpful.Check in was dealt with quickly and efficiently and, as it was my birthday we were offered complimentary champagne at the bar.On our first night we ate in the restaurant. The food was ok - nothing special. We ate breakfast in our room, which was fine. I particularly liked the extensive choice for breakfast.Overall a lovely place to stay and I would definitely stay again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent	I booked into this hotel for three days to meet with business colleagues from abroad. In the past I’ve used the Covent Garden Hotel for such a purpose; but having read the rave reviews on TripAdvisor, this time I thought I’d take the chance and switch to the Soho Hotel.The Covent Garden is certainly a tough act to follow but I was not disappointed. Enough superlatives have already been written about the Soho to benefit from further expansion here. All I can do is confirm that it is indeed rare to find a hotel as good as this and point out what for me are some of its best features. In no particular order, these are:-The location. Right in the heart of things and within easy walking distance of some of the best restaurants, theatres, cinemas and other entertainment spots in London! Surely no one could be bored while staying here.The rooms. These are spacious, kitted out with all mod cons (high quality flat-screen TV, DVD player, power shower, etc.) and furnished with traditional and modern items. The style is apparently known as ‘Contemporary London’. In any event, the elegant blend of the best of the traditional and modern is a winning combination and provides a relaxing home-from-home environment. The rooms are serviced twice daily and the bed linen and towels are changed every day, which is exactly how it should be in a deluxe hotel. The common parts are also kept in immaculate order.The staff. The people who work here are always keen to help and are clearly dedicated to maintaining the highest standards. They ensure the whole place runs like clockwork even when it is vibrant and busyI would agree with a previous reviewer that the hotel restaurant is a long way from being the best in London. However, the bistro-style food that it serves is very good value, particularly if you go for the set menu option. The restaurant is certainly vibrant, being separated from the hotel bar by just a glass screen. Are there any downsides? Well, one slight quibble during my stay concerned the refurbished of a nearby room. This resulted in some noise and the corridor being blocked on a couple of occasions by some ill-mannered and shifty looking workmen. This was an annoyance most certainly, but I guess nowhere is perfect. The Soho Hotel, however, comes very close. I’m already looking forward to my next visit.	
Jan 20 2009	Great location wonderful service	I just returned from a four night stay at the Soho hotel and couldn't have been more pleased with the hotel. First, the location is great - very close to the British Museum with tons of shops and restaurants within walking distance. One nice thing about this is that if you're there on a Sunday the area isn't totally dead like most of the rest of the city. Second, the hotel is just beautiful - it's modern without being overly hip and just very comfortable and cozy. There's a nice mix of traditional English florals with modern design - definitely not the sort of granny-nice that some high priced hotels seem to favor. Also, the rooms are enormous - we had a deluxe room and the bedroom portion was about 20 feet by 16 feet and an 8 by 10 bath. The best thing about this hotel is the service though. We arranged our trip somewhat last minute and so we didn't have all our details worked out before we left. The concierge made dinner reservations for us every night we were there at at nice places (Hakasan, Tom's Kitchen) and got us theater tickets as well. The service is what made this place stand out and made us feel at home so when we come back to London we will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Why I love this site	The fact that the Soho ranks as London's best is one of the many reasons why I love Tripadvisor. I've stayed at the lion's share of upmarket London properties on business; time and again when I am asked what my favorite hotel in London would be, I immediately exclaim: The Soho! There's nothing that comes close to approximating the combination of nice design, warm service and buzzy atmosphere. I have even tried other Firmdale Hotels addresses thinking I might come close. The Covent Garden and Haymarket almost do the trick, but in the end, it's not just about the hotel - the cul-de-sac location is equally fab, almost like a cocoon, but at the heart of the West End, deep inside Soho, my favorite place to stay in Central London for about a million reasons. The restaurant isn't particularly noteworthy - not worth the price if you're an American in London with limited $$ to spend - but drinks and apps at the bar would be a fine idea at least one evening. Also make sure to take advantage of the guest lounges, both of them marvelous.	
Dec 23 2008 	Just wonderful!! Expensive but worth it truly.	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful long weekend in the Soho Hotel (Dec. 2008). The hotel is the most perfect example of how a boutique hotel should be - small, exclusive, pampering, personal care and lots more - specifically the hotel is beautifully designed, excellent central yet quiet location - everything one could want for a quiet, romantic weekend. Well worth the splurge!	
Dec 21 2008 	Soho hotel just perfect	We booked two Luxury Double Rooms at the Soho hotel because of the great reviews the hotel has received here at Tripadvisor, and the they delivered! We were really sad when we were leaving for the airport...We had our two rooms on the 4th floor, 412 and 416. 416 is the better one of those two, its a little bit bigger and has a better view.The hotel is very chic as you can be seen on the pictures, but I found it to be even better in the reality. There is a cozy feeling about this hotel that makes you feel very relaxed. Both in the rooms and in the public areas.The staff is of course a big part in why we enjoyed our stay. The level of service was just perfect, you were always offered help when you seemed to need it but didnt get &quot;harassed&quot;.There was also a great mix of guests, mostly middle aged in beautiful clothes. It didnt have alot of the usual clientele that 5-star hotels usually has: that is fat businessmen that hang at the bar all night telling bad jokes. And I guess the oil-millionaires stays at the Ritz.To conclude, the pros:- Great designconcept with a luxurious feeling about it- The staff- The location- Breakfast (delicious but not cheap)- Spacious rooms with very comfortable bathrooms- The atmospherethe cons:- Price- The inhouse restaurant wasnt bad in any way, it just didnt wow us.All in all, we were were happy staying at the Soho hotel and will be back again (soon I hope).	
Dec 7 2008 	Soho hotel is great	My wife and i stayed at the soho hotel for a long weekend 3 nights. It was excellent - good servcie, lovely room, excellent location and great cocktail bar atmosphere full of theatre folk.Highly recommended!	
Dec 5 2008 	Best customer service I've ever had	This is not a cheap hotel, but if you have the dosh to give yourself a little treat, you will certainly feel treated. From beginning to end the staff were attentive, but not obtrusive, and the room was glorious. If I have a criticism it would be that the restaurant/bar in the hotel is overpriced for what it is, but you're right in the heart of Soho so there's no need to restrict yourself to eating there if you don't want. London's at your feet.	
Dec 4 2008 	BETTER than the reviews!	My husband and I stayed here on a two night shopping trip to London. We have travelled broadly and enjoy the indulgence of five star hotels whenever we can.The Soho Hotel was even better than the reviews; beautiful, funky, great/friendly staff, superb food, air-conditioning that worked properly, a spacious room etc etc.Special things to note included the breakfast. Never have we had such a wonderful &quot;continental&quot; breakfast. On the dozens of buffet breakfasts that we've had round the world, we've normally found that the fruit isn't necessarily ripe or not replenished but at the Soho there was perfectly ripe mango and strawberries amongst everything else. Home made granola, amazing pastries....Yes, it is expensive and a treat. Pity that breakfast and internet are not included in the price but it was still absolutely worth it. Will be back as soon as we can (hmm, wonder if we can move in...?!)	
Nov 28 2008 	simply the best	This was our 2nd visit to The Soho Hotel and the experience was, just as good as the first. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels but this is by far my favorite.On checking in, before we were taken to our room, we were given a quick tour of the hotel to get our bearings. A nice touch i felt.The rooms are fantastic with a nice modern feel and the bathroom was even better.Throughout our stay the staff were always extremely helpful and polite.We will defiantly be going back and i can't say any better things about it than that.	
Nov 15 2008 	A Fantastic Stay	I stayed for one night with friends as part of a civil partnership celebration. It was an amazing location with hospitality that was second to none. The room (a deluxe double) was huge by London standards with excellent facilities. The bar is buzzing and the cocktails are pricey but excellent.What sets the hotel apart though are the excellent staff. They are polite and cannot do enough for you, but also very friendly and laidback. This gives the hotel a very different more intimate atmosphere to others I've experienced and I would not hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Nov 14 2008	loved	beautiful hotel	
Nov 3 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Soho hotel in London for 8 nights at the end of October 2008. We both loved this hotel. We stayed in a delux double which had a king size bed, sofa w/ottoman, side chair, desk and a huge bathroom with double sinks, bathroom was all in marble with toilet &amp; bidet, huge tub &amp; separate shower. The bed was very comfy &amp; we're very picky about our beds, they aren't usually good away from home. Cleaning staff were great, turn down service at night which left a bottle of water for each of us, each night.The front staff, conceirge, bellhops, etc were all excellent. They were so friendly and helpful and went above and beyond expectations. They helped with maps, directions, reservations, taxis, etc. We ate at refuel 3 times for breakfast (included for the weekend rate). The waiters were very friendly &amp; food good. We ate one night for dinner and the food was very good.If you want food outside near the hotel - I recommend the Breakfast Club for breakfast &amp; Pre-fix for dinner (the mussels &amp; scallop starters were amazing), since we found the food in London not up to par with home these two &amp; the hotels restaurant Refuel are really the only ones I recommend.I highly recommend this hotel and if we are every in London again we will definetly stay here again.	
Oct 23 2008 	fabulous hotel	Myself, sister and mother had a wonderful 4 day stay at the Soho to celebrate our mum's 60th Birthday. The staff were so friendly and the attention given to us was first class.We stayed in a junior suite and absolutely loved it the room was huge and had lots of lovely touches, lights in the fitted wardrobes,well stocked mini bar, flat screen TV that swiveled round to face the bed, great bathroom products (miller harris) we also liked the turn down service in the evening with complimentary bottled water, pillow spray to help you doze off and even complimentary aromatherapy oils !We ate in the Refuel restaurant twice, as the food was superb and would like to give a special mention to Kassia who really looked after us, she was a gem. we felt our stay at the Soho really made our weekend and would return in a minute, Loved it!	
Oct 20 2008 	Amazing	Really fantastic hotel - costs a lot to stay there but well worth it. We went for our 5th wedding anniversary and the staff made it so special for us. We had a half bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room with some nibbles.The cocktail bar is fab - great spot to celeb watch!!Food great and the room service isn't too pricey.Overall, better than Kempinsky and similar hotels we've stayed in.	
Oct 20 2008 	Wonderful	This was the final stop on our honeymoon and the most luxurious. I lived and worked in London for a number of years but would never have guessed the Soho Hotel was tucked away right in the centre of things. Although you are in the middle of Soho the hotel is at the end of a side street and so very convenient but also comparitively quiet (although the actual hotel was very busy with lots of guests).The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We received a complimentary upgrade to a Junior Suite which was brilliant. Don't expect any great views, after all you are in the middle of town so you'll be lucky to see anything other than brick walls out of your window. This didn't bother us though, the room was so lovely it made up for it. Great facilities all round. Very nice items on the mini bar. Our breakfast wasn't included (we still paid over £300 per night!) so the first morning we ate out. The second morning though we treated ourselves to breakfast in our room which arrived hot, fresh and on time and was delicious.For a special treat (unless you can afford 5 star all the time) then I would really recommend this hotel, but at the end of the day all you do is sleep there and there are much cheaper, decent hotels in London if all you're lookng for is a place to rest your head at night. Having said that this felt like a very special end to our honeymoon and if I could afford it again then we'd stay there every time we're in London.	
Oct 15 2008 	Style in Soho	Absolutely wonderful hotel in a fantastic position. Superb, friendly service without a trace of stuffiness or pretension in a very stylish and luxurious setting. Great cocktail bar - very lively on Saturday night. Bedroom exceptionally quiet and beautifully appointed. We loved it!	
Oct 7 2008 	loved the upgrade	We stayed here for our honeymoon on 7-9 Sept 2008. My husband had visited the hotel previously to ensure its perfection and received excellent hospitality from the staff. When we arrived, Mel on front desk had upgraded us to an apartment - what a surprise and so very generous. The apartment was amazing and so spacious. We love Soho and really, we wouldn't have left the hotel if we hadn't so much to see and do. The bar is a great place to hang out and it is very tastefully decorated. I can't thank Mel enough for looking after us so well. I truly had a wonderful honeymoon - once in a lifetime stay. Thank you.	
Sep 26 2008 	so-chic in soho	Quietly exuding charm and luxury this hotel doesn't scream look at me from its small back street entrance, but as you catch sight of the huge statue of a cat as you walk down the steps to reception something tells you this is no wallflower of a hotel.From the the reception team, to the spacious boutique feeling rooms; the honesty bar in the communal living room to the quality foods at breakfast; everything this hotel does it oozes style and panache and if you fail to be impressed I implore anyone to not raise an 'all appreciating' eyebrow at the beautifully boxed complimentary chocolates left in your room or even the clever way in which the bathroom mirror never steams up. This is a hotel that has thought about the little touches that make staying away from home an absolute delight. I challenge anyone to stay here and still pine for home - i've been looking for an excuse to go back ever since i checked out!	
Sep 21 2008 	Super Hotel	My Husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Soho Hotel. From the minute we entered the Hotel the Staff were more than courtious and informative. As per previous reviews it is a very modern hotel, with lovely amenities. We stayed in a delux Junior Suite which was superb. Great big comfortable bed with lovely egyptian cotten bed linen. Great selection of TV chanels for viewing. The food was excellent and the waiting staff were so friendly and pleasant, always smiling. Overall the staff were noticably pleasant throughout our stay. I did have a massage and the only down side if I wanted to be picky was that I could hear the tread mill operating outside the door during my treatment, which left it a little hard to totally relax. Once outside the hotel there was a magificant buzz in the Soho area every night. The hotel is close to a lot of the Theatres most of which are in walking distance. Would definitately recommend the Soho ot anyone considering staying there. However, it is not cheap, but you do get what you pay for.	
Sep 10 2008 	Loved the Soho	We booked six nights with the Soho Hotel and cannot complain about any part of our stay.The staff are friendly and willing to help not matter what the request was.We stayed in a junior suite which was spacious and beautifully decorated. Room was cleaned daily and all amenities replaced on a daily basis.Breakfast (which was included in our package) was great - more than we could eat. Very good location - close to underground and a large variety of pubs/restaurants.	
Sep 9 2008 	Very expensive but very goof	I stayed for a couple of nights on business and overall the experience was good. I had initially booked to stay for one night only but had to stay a second night. When I asked to extend the booking I was told the hotel was full but a room became available later on in the day, however I was told I had to change rooms. The second room I had was about half the size of the first. I went to reception and told them that I assumed that I was not being charged the same for the second night as for the first. They said I had been upgraded on the first night which I was not told on check in so am not sure that that was really the case. The bar was constantly busy and it was a great place for a little star spotting!Breakfast was excellent, again expensive.The resident's lounge is really lovely, beautifully furnished and decorated.There is a charge to use the WiFi which at the rates being charged by the hotel is pretty outrageous considering it doesn't cost them anything to provide it once it is in the building.	
Sep 5 2008 	lots of positives and a few niggles	I have just spent 3 nights at the Soho hotel with my 2 teenage sons. If I could I would rate the experience as 41/2 stars. Mostly it was lovely but there were a few flaws. Firstly the positives- We stayed in a deluxe suite which was large, very tasteful, pristine and with a super bathroom. The lighting was a bit subdued for my taste.The staff were all very pleasant, helpful and unpretentious. The service was excellent without being cloying. The hotel managed to be very luxurious and stylish without being overly formal. My issues were mainly to do with expense which I suppose is irrelevant to the super wealthy but an issue for people like myself who can afford the Soho as a once a year treat rather than a regular stay. When we arrived we were asked whether we would like a cup of tea sent to the room. Naively I thought this was complementary but in fact a pot of tea for 2 was £7.50! We were also offered tea in the morning but by this stage I knew to refuse. Breakfast was also confusing. The only way to have a cooked breakfast and to help ourselves to the buffet ( very important to my sons) was to order the £24-50 &quot;refuel&quot; breakfast which included fruit juice etc. However we were offered smoothies and I was amazed to be charged an extra £13.50 for these meaning are day 1 breakfast bill was £87-50! I must add that the food was lovely but still too expensive by most standards. Another niggle was internet access which my younger son was keen to have. This was £20 for 24 hours or 30 pence per minute - it should have been free in my opinion. So there we are - 41/2 stars.	
Aug 28 2008	Pleasing patchwork of English Modern style	Friendly and informal; and unpretentious, despite a fashionable crowd at the bar. Very quiet and large room. Decor is English Modern; spotlessly clean. Egyptian cotton beds invite an early night and late rise. A cheerful restaurant; good wine list and knowledgeable sommelier. Dinner's Dover Sole was large; it was a bit heavy going at the end, but the breakfast is varied and full of good fresh things. The staff were great; Australians, South Africans, Eastern Europeans and even a Pom somewhere.	
Aug 16 2008 	Excellent service	Stayed for just over a week in August and was very satisfied.From check-in to check-out staff was highly attentive, briskly efficient and relaxingly courteous. (No annoying servility or pretension)Concierges were outstanding in setting up trips and transport, as well as recommending and booking restaurants.The huge Junior Suite (superb washroom) and all public rooms were spotlessly clean.Location is ideal for walking to Covent Garden, the British Museum, Piccadilly and Bond Street shopping or to the Royal Parks and Buckingham Palace.Difficult to find a negative here but the immediate area, considered vibrant and trendy by most, could be seen as somewhat louche by others.Overall it's hard to imagine a better place to stay in London.	
Aug 7 2008 	Contemporary and Glam	My husband booked us a night here (and dinner at Petrus - yes I am a lucky girl) for my birthday this year and it was wonderful. We were upgraded to a Junior Suite which was very spacious, immaculate and very well decked out in cool, contemporary fashion. The bed was huge, though the sofa was really uncomfortable. Bathroom was spotless, with lovely Miller Harris toiletries. Dressing area also very spacious with very large double wardrobes. We had a Junior Suite at the Ritz last year and this competed well in terms of space and amenities. Reception very efficient and welcoming and shared guest areas in the hotel were also cool. We had a few cocktails in the bar before heading out for dinner and the bar had a buzzy, busy atmosphere with a quirky cocktail list. I would definitely reccommend staying here and will hopefully be visiting again soon.	
Aug 4 2008 	Fabulous	Our arrival at The Soho Hotel was a very rushed affair as we were late for our tea reservation due to hideous london traffic - but the hotel was great! They took our car and the bags we threw at them and sorted us out with immediate taxi so we could get on our way with minimal delay. When we finally checked in and went to our gorgeous room we found that only 1 lot of bags had made its way to our room (our car had 2 boot spaces) so we phoned down to concierge - within minutes the bags arrived at the door! Fabulous, late check out was no problem and probably the best shower i have ever had at a hotel! The hotel's restaurant was fab with great food and service. I would stay here again and again and again.......Truly lovely experience	
Aug 3 2008 	A well deserved first place	Return visit to the Soho Hotel, absolutely fantastic, booked a Luxury Junior Suite and was delighted to be upgraded to a Deluxe Junior Suite, good start. The junior suite is very spacious with a superb king size bed, sofa table chairs working area, well presented bathrooms one common theme the rooms are immaculately clean!We arrived early morning and dropped off our luggage before indulging in a little retail therapy with the promise that the front desk would contact us as and when the room was ready which they duly did. Returning early afternoon we were immediately taken up to our room, luggage already in place, other hotels please take note very annoying to check into room and then wait for the luggage to follow on!As we were visiting Xcel in Docklands for a concert we asked for some travel options and within 10 mins concierge had secured car and driver for a return journey. We enjoyed a couple of drinks in the bar before our car arrived and took us to our destination, at the end of the concert driver was there waiting to take us back.Sunday morning was something of a lazy morning with a late breakfast in the room.Other reviews compliment the staff and we have to agree very professional, very friendly without being overly friendly, small details like remembering our names, our plans and offering assistance when ever required. Having stayed in many of the &quot;great&quot; london hotels this has been the first time in many years I can honestly say I could not find fault anywhere not in the accommodations, food, service etc.A perfect 10	
Aug 2 2008 	Celeb haunt	I, too, am a fan of the Soho Hotel. I have stayed there for a few times now (I think 4) and I very much look forward to our next visit in September. If you find yourself in the Soho Hotel watch out for the high celeb turnout: during Fashion week in February I spotted John Galliano and his entourage having a leisurely breakfast at the Refuel restaurant, while in the lift I bumped into no other than Colin Farrell who was meeting director Mike Leigh at the lobby. Though I fully respect people's privacy and would never ask for photos/autographs, it did make my stay in London even more special!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great Hotel!	great Experience! have traveled the world over and this is a no brainer, bool your stay in london at the SOHO	
Jul 23 2008 	Fantastic!	I just returned from The Soho, and what a fantastic stay I had. The staff were very nice from beginning to end. Great atmosphere in the bar at night, and great cocktails too. My room, a luxury room was really spacious, it overlooked the front of the hotel so you might feel a bit overlooked, but you just need to close the curtains. I can't comment on the restaurant as I didn't have my meals there, but breakfast was really good, I had room service which was delivered on time and with a smile.The hand-written welcome note from the manager was a very nice touch too.I will definitely be going back to The Soho Hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	Super Soho Hotel	I treated my boyfriend to a night at the Soho Hotel in a Junior Suite for his birthday. And what a treat it was. The room was spacious, beautifully decorated, had a well stocked mini bar &amp; lots of little extras that just made it feel a bit more special than other hotels. The staff were extremely friendly &amp; helpful - we didn't lift our case once from arriving to leaving. We had dinner in the restaurant - it was OK, given the choice again though I would try one of the many other superb restaurants in London.The bar is hideously expensive - some cocktails are £13.50 each! London prices or not, that's ridiculous.I would recommend this place as a treat, particularly if you're up for blowing the budget!	
Jul 22 2008 	A very enjoyable stay	If you want to stay in a beautifully maintained hotel with excellent service and convenient central london location, then this hotel is certainly worth considering (subject of course to your budget). We booked in for a Sunday night stay. Soho itself is a very lively and buzzing place but the hotel is nicely tucked in a small side street and so was very quiet.For us, it was an expensive treat but worth it. The service was excellent, the staff are very attentive and friendly. We were taken up to our room and everything was well explained.The room was spacious and it was great to sleep on a 6ft size bed, although being short I had to climb onto it! The bathroom was very clean and well maintained with lovely products. After we had checked in, we had to leave our room in a rush to attend a wedding. I had therefore left the room in a mess, clothes on floor, wet towels and bathrobes everywhere, make up all the over the place. When I returned to the room, there was soft calming music playing in the background, the bathroom was returned to perfect condition, replaced with fresh clean towels, all my make up and skin care products were neatly tidied away, my clothes had been picked up and neatly placed. If only someone did this for me at home....There was also nice touches left in the room such as bottled water, bath massage oils, a soothing spay left on the pillow for a relaxing sleep .....ah bliss. If I have another opportunity to stay in London again, then this hotel would be first on the list.	
Jul 7 2008 	Amazing	I loved the rooms at this hotel and the staff there was amazing. The breakfast there was incredible. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Gorgeous hotel. Patchy service	My boyfriend booked the Soho as a romantic treat for us. The idea was that we'd check in, order feasts from room service, get into bed and not surface again for 24 hours. We wanted romance, privacy and sleeeeep. This didn't happen. First, however, the good stuff: this hotel is one of the most stunning I've ever seen. The room was enormous - I mean really, really enormous - with gorgeous furnishings (although I was surprised they didn't have blackout curtains - they were almost see-through), with a great big bathroom and lovely toiletries from Miller Harris. Also lovely little details like the aromatherapy rollers etc. The bar downstairs was buzzing with groovy international types, the interior design of all the rooms downstairs is stunning, and the reception was charming. The bad stuff:1. Room service food was seriously unexceptional. The menu is very impressive, but the food wasn't up to scratch - especially breakfast. A small bowl of congealed, cold porridge, a scattering of fruit salad and three pieces of cold dry toast is not what you expect for £18. General attention to detail was ordinary, ie, a very small pot of milk to share between the porridge, a bowl or muesli and two large cafetieres of coffee.2. We got two automated wakeup calls that we hadn't asked for. At 8am. And then at ten past 8am. So much for sleeping in all morning.3. Room service knocked on the door loudly and shouted something unintelligble at us every twenty minutes from 10am. Couldn't they just find out once we've checked out? So much for privacy.4. The bed was two singles pushed together, and there was no way you could cuddle across them - the middle was hard as wood. We had to sleep far apart, holding hands across the bed. So much for romance.I am sure this is an unusual experience as everyone else loves it so much. But for a £500 night away, I expect more.	
Jun 15 2008 	Brilliant stay at the Soho	We really looked into hotels in London as prices are generally outrageous - especially with the pound so strong against other currencies. The Soho was expensive (305 pounds per night), but worth every cent.The room at the Soho (luxury double) was beautifully appointed and far more spacious than expected. The bedroom had large (openable) windows and a wonderful bed with quality linens. Bathroom was great with a huge bath and separate shower.The hotel's public areas are good and staff are friendly. The room service was of an exceptional quality - though check your order as both times we had room service they forgot something! The location is what makes this hotel one of the best around. It is right in the heart of Soho and an easy distance to everything.Thoroughly recommended. Looking forward to trying other hotels in the Firmdale group.	
Jun 9 2008 	amazingly quiet considering where it is	Firstly, this is not a cheap hotel (but then where in London anywhere decent is?).We stayed in a Suite for 2 nights and were very impressed with the quality of the room. Lovely beds and suprisingly quiet given how close it is to all the action of Central London. If you come home late on a Friday or Saturday night the streets around the hotel will make you wonder whether you are going to get any sleep. It is amazing however how quiet it is when you go one street back. The bar gets very busy but that may be half the attraction.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great Hotel / Great Location	When the hotel mixed up my reservation and brought me to the wrong room I thought we were in for a hell of a trip - man was I wrong. Our actual room was soothe and calming with just enough room. The TV was one of the best ever within a hotel room. Bathroom large and clean. Beds a little hard, but otherwise nice. The staff was very helpful with everything we needed and the breakfast we had every morning was delicious.The hotel is situated on a quiet side street within the heart of very busy Soho - often times too busy and crowded, but once you reach the sanctuary of your hotel room - ah heaven.	
May 31 2008 	Rocks as usual!!!	For the third, yes third time, we have gone back to the Soho!It rocks bigtime. After a long flight from America, they know exactly how to take care of you.......fresh towels, tea in the room anything.......I've never experienced the service in the States like this.You MUST stay at the Soho.Without a doubt. Best in London, so far.	
May 30 2008 	The best hotel we've ever stayed in. Perfect!	Faultless. Outstanding service throughout our three night stay. Room wonderful. Bar and restaurant excellent. Already booked our next stay.	
May 27 2008 	Great venue small niggles	My wife and I had a one night stay at this central London hotel and were very pleased by the comfort of the room and the very helpful nature of the staff. Finding a room in London for less than a ransom figure is tough - unless you want to stay in a doss house - but we both felt that we got decent value for money here. Bedroom was well appointed - top floor with balcony which gave us a good view of the Soho rooftops and over to London Eye - and theatre and cinemas are within easy walking distance.OK - a couple of small niggles. Air conditioning - and this is relevant to nearly all hotels I have stayed in. You really don't need it to be too cool in the restaurant otherwise your diners rush to get the food over with so that they can get to the relative warmth of the lounge. The weather the day we stayed was cool (55 degrees) and air conditioning wasn't needed at all but we both felt the brush of cold air across our necks when dining. One other small problem for those people like myself who don't use lifts (elevators) because of claustrophobia. I always take the stairs but here the stairs are not in the foyer or next to the lifts - they exit onto the forecourt. And for security reasons (understandably) they are locked and can only be opened from the inside. One has to ask the doorman or concierge to open the stair door every time one wants to go up to your room (coming down is no problem) which entails them going up to the first floor and down the stairs to open the door for me. They did it with smiling grace every time and I have no fault with them - my problem entirely. But if I was staying for longer than a night or two it might just be a bit of a bore.	
May 20 2008 	Absolutely PERFECT! Best hotel experience to date...	Booked The soho Hotel through Mr&amp;Mrs Smith for 4 nights. Can honestly say it was one of the best hotel experiences i have ever had! Stayed in a Deluxe room which was huge &amp; extremily well appointed. Tivoli audio in room &amp; in bathroom, flat screen lowve TV, Miller Harris bath products, wonderful bed, huge room...cleaned to perfection everyday. Breakfast was just great as was the cocktail bar , the honesty bar, the guest areas &amp; the generally the whole vibe of the hotel. Everyone who works at this hotel is extremily motivated &amp; they do a fantastic job in all departments. Definately coming back next time i visit London. All in all a superb Boutique hotel which really delivers all the way!! I was trying to think of one little thing which i could criticize but i just can't think on anything! Deserves the full accolade of top reviews!!!	
May 14 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night in a deluxe room. The room was fantastic - very spacious with a huge, comfortable bed. The bathroom was very large for a city hotel. I only had breakfast in the hotel, but the food was very good, with a great selection, plus breakfast could be served 24 hours, so I could have a long lie in.I'll defintely stay in this hotel when in London from now on.	
May 14 2008 	Really good but not quite number one in London	Once installed, this hotel really has a great location. You can walk almost anywhere. But getting to and from the hotel in a taxi can be difficult. The back streets of Soho are not easy to negotiate in a taxi at any time of the day.The hotel has great staff; very friendly and professional. And the rooms are very nicely decorated with well stocked bathrooms and mini bars. But - for a new hotel - the soundproofing is dreadful. The street noise is not a problem but noise from other rooms and the corridors can be appalling. The rooms would really benefit from a small hallway or double doors or better sound installation or something to prevent you being woken up in the small hours by a neighbour trying to unlock their door or taking a very early morning shower or a trolley trundling along a corridor. The restaurant and bar are fine but not outstanding and the food is acceptable without being brilliant. All in all, I'd be tempted back for the location but doubt whether I would go back until they've cured the noise problem.	
May 4 2008	Outstanding hotel	For our 10th anniversary we booked a four night stay at Soho Hotel. From the moment we arrived until the moment we departed, the service and attention to detail were unmatched. We negotiated a deluxe junior suite package and found the room spacious, quiet and delightful. The concierge service was great and the location was prime -- within blocks of theater, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, the tube and a lively Soho street scene. Breakfast was terrific, including a &quot;breakfast on the go&quot; for early morning departures. Overall, we were thrilled by the hotel, loved the service and would go back again for another special occasion. The hotel is worth its price. (One note: If you have &quot;breakfast inclusive,&quot; learn what's included -- and what's not -- in the breakfast-inclusive arrangement.)	
Apr 20 2008 	Justifiably Number One in London	All I can say is wow! From the warm hospitality shown by the staff, to the excellent restaurant (had dinner and breakfast), to the very well-equipped gym, to the beautiful, comfortable and quiet rooms, this is justifiably #1 in London. A stay just days before at the much-heralded Dorchester was a disaster in all respects -- especially in terms of value -- so the stay at The Soho was especially welcome. We will definitely return.	
Apr 19 2008	Fabulous boutique hotel	We stayed here for two nights on a recent trip to London. We had stayed at another of this company's hotels on a prior trip (The Charlotte Street Hotel) and loved it, but wanted to be closer to Soho. What a treat! The facilities are top-notch, with hip decor, a great restaurant/bar, buzzy energy, and late-night honor-system snack bar in one of the ground floor sitting rooms/libraries. Our room was surprisingly large and surprisingly quiet. The hotel's gym was also surprisingly good, with top-of-the-line equipment. The hotel is at the epicenter of Soho's film industry and sports a private screening room, with a Sunday afternoon film club each week. We overheard several serious film-industry conversations at the bar and bumped into a couple of script-toting people in the elevator. The only disappointment was the strange wifi system ... you connect to the wifi signal, then call the front desk with the code that appears in your internet browser, then they do something to get you connected - strangely complicated. The wifi's kind of steep, too - they charge you 30p per minute, up to a maximum of 20 GBP per day. Should be free in a place like this, no?	
Mar 31 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay	Stayed at the Soho Hotel, prompted by the very favourable reviews on this website. I am pleased to say you got it right. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was quirky, clean and pretty large for a London hotel. Our only complaint about the room was that it looked out on to nothing but a brown wall. We will look to come back again and would be happy to recommend the hotel to anyone who asks.	
Mar 30 2008	Very nice hotel good service and attentive staff	This is a very good hotel run by people who know their business and what their guests want. The rooms are nice, well furnished and everything works. The staff is tuned in and attentive. The concierge was first class apart from the cost of Internet connectivity there really isn't anything negative to report. It is only when one sees a good concierge that one is reminded how important they are.It's an interesting local for a hotel but it's great only a short walk to everything in the centre of the city, right by the theatre district, a short walk to Oxford Street, Piccadilly and Leicester Square. Soho is full of interesting restaurants, clubs (Ronnie Scots) and traditional pubs.	
Mar 28 2008 	Wonderful !	This hotel was wonderful and I would recomend to anyone who wishes to stay in a trendy hotel in London where customer service is key.Nothing was to much trouble for the staff as on the day I called to say I wanted to use th hotel to propose to my girlfriend and needed a number of red roses and champayne plus would be landing early. They provided a room upgrade and the presentation of room and gifts made if a very memorable experience.I would have to say this is the best hotel I have had the pleasure of staying at including the Burj and hope to return in the next few months.	
Mar 25 2008 	Always consistent!	after many stays there over the past couple of years... it's definitely time to post my thoughts.have stayed for both biz &amp; pleasure - both and all stays being an absolute pleasure.LOCATIONperfect. walking distance to a lot of central destinations, restaurants, shops, etc. VERY centrally located...love that it's somewhat in a high traffic area...but thankfully &quot;tucked away&quot; off the main road too.SERVICEi can't say enough about the fantastic service...A+++. extremely friendly, personal, attentive &amp; accommodating.ROOMSrooms are spacious and comfortable. beds are AMAZING. toiletry products are good.FOODonly thing i can &quot;complain&quot; about. very exhaustive menu &amp; options, but menu can be confusing and could perhaps be streamlined? some standout dishes...some not so much.	
Mar 23 2008 	Excellent service and style	Tucked away at the end of a quiet lane right in the heart of Soho, the three nights here were more than I had expected. From the prompt and friendly check-in, through wonderful food in the restaurant, the Soho lives up to its ratings on Trip Advisor. The style is boutique, and the laid back atmosphere is a perfect antidote to the bustle on nearby Shaftesbury Avenue. Room was very well equipped, spotlessly clean and the room-service breakfast was as good as any I've ever had. Would definitely return.	
Mar 23 2008 	A Wonderful Hotel - Loved it!	The Soho Hotel is fantastic. We stayed here with our three children (7, 6 and 4) and had a wonderful time. I recommend this hotel for anyone, but especially for those with small children. My husband and I loved the attitude of this hotel - we had an early dinner and the children asked for something to draw with. About 10 minutes later they arrived with new crayons they had obviously bought just for the purpose. The junior suite was spacious and immaculate and everything was geared towards making this a wonderful holiday for me and my husband as well as the children. I used to stay at the Pelham Hotel, years ago when I was single and working, and now I really love that the Soho Hotel (also a part of this wonderful hotel group) has got every detail just right. I highly recommend the Soho Hotel,	
Feb 19 2008	Fabulous Hotel	The Soho lives up to its reputation as No. 1 hotel in London! Now I see why. The luxury junior suite was comfortable, spacious and very well appointed. The marble bathroom was amazingly roomy with both a shower and deep tub. The service was courteous and professional, as well as friendly. It's expensive, but well worth it!	
Feb 13 2008 	Great Hotel	My wife and I spent a few days in London on a &quot;romantic getaway&quot; (i.e. left the kiddies with the in-laws). We could not have asked for a better hotel experience. The head concierge, Sandro, was fantastic, as was the rest of the staff. The rooms were of good size, modern (yet comfortable) and, most importantly, very clean. Flat screen T.V. Room service (available 24 hours) was fantastic -- prompt and responsive. Geat location as well. I would highly recommend this hotel. Negatives? Not many -- a larger clock in the room would have been helpful. Also, the cordless phone seemed a bit quirky (but I've had similar experiences in other hotels). Bed was a bit firm for my taste. Of course, all of this is nitpicking.Overall, one of the best hotel experiences I've had in a long time.	
Feb 8 2008 	Perfect getaway	The hotel was everything we expected.When we arrived at the hotel we was guided to our room that was prepared already.The hotel was clean and modern.We was in London for a romantic getaway and Soho hotel is perfect for that.The location was perfect in the middle of Soho but still in a quiet street.Me and my girlfriend are lazy and like to spend many hours at the hotelroom. The hotel keeps a large collection of DVD movies that you can easily rent. We did not pay anything to rent movies.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fab hotel!	Stayed at The Soho Hotel based on the recommendations on this website and we were not disappointed. It is a real luxury hotel and our junior suite was fantastic. The room was huge, immaculately clean and very comfortable. It had a big seating area and a lovely bathroom with twin basins and a seperate shower. The bed was really comfortable and we both slept very well. It is in a great location and close to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Oxford Street. The only tiny criticism is that there weren't tea and coffee making facilities in the room - although we got complimentary chocolates and water.We would fully recommend this hotel and want to go back already.	
Jan 20 2008 	Wonderful Room Good Location Friendly Staff Be careful of xtra charges	Really loved our stay at the Soho for Christmas/New Year's holiday. The hotel is newly renovated and has a whimsical style. You feel like your staying in your chic designer friend's home. Our junior suite had a big comfy bed, large antique looking full length mirror, sitting area with sofa and chairs, large window overlooking the restaurant entrance, and marble bathroom with powerful shower and large tub. No great views, as the hotel is set back from the street, but the windows were great at keeping out the noise. The hotel itself is adorable. There is a large sculpture of what looks to be a cat on steroids at the reception area, a chic-casual restaurant, and a lounge area with fully stocked &quot;honesty bar&quot;. It would be a great hotel to have a bachelorette party or girlfriends' getaway as the common areas are large and comfortable.The staff was friendly..not at all snobby, and, in fact the hotel exuded a kind of affable approachability, the design not being too modern or stuffy. Upon request, the concierge found us Chelsea tickets and gave us a season pass to use, which got us great seats close to the field. Location is very good, walking distance to most tourist destinations and shopping. Lots of restaurants very nearby with all types of ethnic as well as pub food. Finally, our room-service breakfast was free (probably depends on the type of room/rate/or method of payment used), and there were a lot of options, but, sadly, I tried several over the 5 days of our stay, and none were very good. The homemade granola was yummy, however, as was the fruit. A few minuses were: Internet Connection outrageously expensive and we were initially billed for more time than we actually used, although after noting this to the front desk, they reduced our charges. There was a paint smell in room, probably because the hotel had been so recently renovated. There is an automatic extra charge for any requests from Reception, i.e. calling a taxi	
Jan 18 2008 	Great	Stayed at the SOHO the last weekend before Christmas, and the hotel was absolutely in line with expectations and other reviews here. Excellent service, spacious clean rooms and bathrooms, nice breakfast, great friendly service. Only small complaint we had was the bed, It was large and spacious but not all that comfortable, There was no down comforter, soft down pillows etc I have gotten used to when staying at the major hotel chains like Sheraton, Hilton, Marriott Etc. If they put some effort into a better bed it would be very close to the perfect hotel.	
Jan 12 2008 	Fantastic experience	The hotel is a little difficult to find but when you find it; it is more than worth it. The hotel is in the centre of Soho as the name suggests and is a beautiful oasis with every room individually designed.The hotel staff are among the best I have ever met and will do the best to assist you with any query in a very professional and courteous manner.I have nothing but praise for this hotel mainly because you are treated as an individual and as a special guest not just a number. I have nothing but praise for this hotel.I have stayed in many fantastic hotels and this is definately one of the best in the world.	
Jan 7 2008 	Fantastic !	My husband booked the Junior Suite for my birthdday and it was fantastic. I am a big fan of Firmdale hotels and this is the one I wanted to stay at and I was not disappointed. The perfect location for walking around London. Beautiful hotel and lovely room, spacious, clean, quirky - just perfect. It was very expensive to stay here but worth it for the fantastic atmosphere, brilliant staff and the amazing vibe of the bar area at night. Residents lounge was also great after the other pubs have closed. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 6 2008 	Excellent	After reviewing the comments from this web site I booked the SoHo Hotel from me and 4 members of my team. When we pulled up to the hotel I was a bit suspect, but once you get inside is was a wonderful experience. It is small and lovely. The rooms are big and nicely decorated. The service and food terrific. It was a place I will return to on my next business trip to London.	
Jan 2 2008 	excellent stay at the Soho	We stayed for 3 nights at the Soho based on its rating on this website. We had a great time. We had a deluxe room which was very nice, very spacious and was very well finished . We were only on the first floor over reception but sound proofing was good. We had a 3 dayweekend package which reduced the rate by £65 a night and included breakfast which was one of the best I have had.The bar and restaurant are nicely done and the staff couldn't do enough for you. There was a small gym which we used a couple of times. There are also a couple of lounges which again are very comfortable.Its in a very good location off Dean Street and had a great mixed crowd of people in it at all times.Its not cheap but it is just what you want from a city hotel and is well worth top spot	
Dec 17 2007 	I practically live there	In the past 6 months, I have stayed at the Soho an average of 15 days per month, so I'm virtually a resident of the hotel. Because I am away from home so much, consistency of cleanliness and service are very important to me.The Soho is in impeccable shape; the physical plant is well-maintained. As wonderful as the facilities are however it's the staff that really makes the hotel stand out. From top to bottom, the Soho staff is gracious, attentive, expedient and down-to-earth.My only reluctance to wholeheartedly recommend this hotel is my worry of over competition for a room.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Place	This hotel is definately the best place to stay in if you visit London and you need to be located in the heart of the city but in a quiete corner.The rooms are lovely decorated with beautiful marble bathroom, stunning shower and comfortable bath tub.First calss toiletry line and plus two small bottles of relaxing or energizing organic oils to be used according the time of the day or your mood.Rooms are very spacious, which is a big plus for London, immaculated decor and lovely smell.The communal areas are beautiful too, even the library or the living room provide a cosy atmosphere yet elegance and relaxing with an attentive service by the smiling waiters who don't invade your privacy but still ready when you need something.To be definately underlined is the staff at the reception.A young and professional team is at your entire disposal for all your requests, from dinner reservation to the tickets's concert nothing is too much trubles.One Sunday night I needed a taxi which was almost impossible to find, one gentleman from the reception took me to the main street awaiting with me taxi without leaving me alone in the middle of the street, even if the area is very safe, what a style.He probably get a cold the day after ;-)Before that I was standing at the reception awaiting for the cab and I have assisted to a very imbarassing situation about a drunk american, let say, lady complaining and screening like mad about the delay of the taxi, the way the same gentleman managed this pathetic women was very professional.well done.I travel quite a lot and is not easy to me to find a lovely place like this, with an good balancing between the service, the location the decor and the human touch.well done.AC	
Nov 15 2007	swanky - hip - great place	Terrific spot in central/w. london wit ha great bar and a cinema in the hotel!	
Nov 12 2007 	Great hotel perfect location	What a great hotel!We have stayed twice at the sister hotel, Covent Garden Hotel, and loved it.This time we wanted to try something else, and we were not disappointed.From the minute we entered the reception we felt very well looked after.The room was very nice, roomy and clean.The breakfast is awesome, and the bar is really good.And we find it very convenient with the drawing room and the honesty bar concept. The hotel is located in the middle of Soho, walking distance to almost everything.Theatres, shopping, lots of great small restaurants around.We will definitely go back to this hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	Perfect location perfect room great staff	Perfect reception, very nice rooms, extremely well appointed, beautiful bathroom, great shower, excellent TV, perfect size, cozy and interesting. Nice loby, excellent breakfast, nice atmosphere, lovely restaurant - food not that great but fine in room service, friendly and efficient staff, a great experience.	
Oct 14 2007 	Great hotel	I've stayed, at this hotel, several times and have stayed at a number of Firmdale properties -- this is, by far, their best.Great public spaces; smart decor; great service and the restaurant was fantastic. Love how they provide the NYTimes (folio size and double sided).	
Oct 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Just stayed at the Soho for one night on Saturday after previously visiting the bar there. What a brilliant place to stay, attentive, friendly staff, fabulous cocktails and an upgrade to one of the beautiful 5th floor suites with the most amazing views of London.Location is excellent. can't fault this hotel in any way - expensive yes it is but what an experience! Good for a bit of celeb spotting too!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Brilliant !	Just spent two delightful nights at The Soho Hotel. Location is ideal. Don't be put off by the rather odd Mews entrance or uninspiring views from the window of your room, everything else is simply excellent - very well-appointed rooms, superb food, vibrant atmosphere, and above all, the staff ! In 30+ years of staying in hotels around the world I would rate these guys as second to none. We have just booked a return visit next month !	
Sep 28 2007 	Ultra Cool 	Spent 2 nights at this wonderful hotel and the experience was very enjoyable indeed. It's quite hard to imagine that tucked away in the middle of Soho is this fabulous establishment. Upon arrival, the staff greeted us with smiles and were pleased to tell us that we were being given a room upgrade to a luxury junior suite. The suite was very spacious, clean and well decorated in a homely style packed with all modern equipment and luxury amenities. The only item missing was a kettle but apart from that you had everything else you needed for a comfortable stay. Breakfasts were excellent and we enjoyed the cooked food and cereals/breads and service was friendly and attentive.Location of the hotel is a major positive as we were able to take a stroll through the streets of Soho and Chinatown and you're metres away from the main theatres. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed staying here and will definitely pass on these comments to other friends.	
Sep 28 2007 	This Hotel Rocks!	Absolutely amazing! We had our wedding reception at the Soho Hotel and was blown away with the level of service, ambience and the quality of the food and drink that was provided. Staff were attentive, professional and very helpful in dealing with the many ad-hoc requests we had during the reception. The top notch service was matched by the excellent food and fabulous decor of the hotel - the events team really put on a great show, thanks guys!On to the room itself. We were fortunate enough to be offered a special rate on a junior suite as it was our wedding (this also included the parents of the bride) but rather ironically, as we were enjoying the party so much we only managed a few hours before we had to leave (reservations guys did give us a complimentary late check out but unfortunately we couldn't utilise it as we had to be elsewhere). The suites are beautifully decorated and capture that elusive &quot;boutique&quot; feel just perfectly, incorporating top of the range facilities e.g. B &amp; O plasma TV's, Tivoli radios etc... and a very comfy bed, it really was so difficult to check-out the next day (and not just because of the hang-over!)As a Londoner, I very rarely stay in hotels in London, however, as an avid traveller and having been lucky enough to travel quite a bit with work, I must say that for sheer style, service and pure enjoyment, the Soho Hotel eclipses all other hotels in its class	
Sep 27 2007 	Favorite hotel but bring your wallet	My Girlfriend and I stayed at the Soho hotel for 4 nights in September. Just to get the record straight, I typically find things to complain about; this hotel did not give me that opportunity. I enjoy staying at boutique hotels that feature current designs and decors. The design of this hotel is genius in the way that it incorporates contemporary design features all while making it warm and welcoming. We stayed in a deluxe room which had a flos lamp over the bed, a Tivoli radio on the night stand, a Tivoli radio in the bathroom, a large flat screen TV, 2 couches, a desk and plenty of room to breed. The bar, the gym, the library, the drawing room all where perfect. The concierge and all of other staff were of top caliber; very professional, courteous and helpful. The only issue that I could bring is that you pay for all of this. Room rates are fairly expensive and all bar items are a killer. That being said, they don’t cram it upon you. I like the way they cater to all guests and they trust you. For example in the drawing room, there is a self serve bar with a notepad so you just write down what you consume and they charge it. I probably spend well over 50 nights a year in hotel rooms and this was, by far, my favorite hotel yet…	
Sep 19 2007	Finally! A Boutique Hotel to rival the classics	I am based up North but find myself in London every two or three weeks and this has been the case for several years. I used to hotel hop like mad going through all of the classics including the Dorchester, Ritz and Mandarin Oriental as well as taking the odd flyer on the Sanderson, St Martins Lane, Malmaison and the Hemple (what was that place about?) Now again I found myself going back to the odd one a few times (The MO in particular) but recently I have been opting for hotels in the Firmdale Group noteably The Haymarket, Charlotte Street and The Soho Hotel and I am now a loyal customer. Having been unimpressed by the style over substance of the Schraeger hotels I was very surprised by the depth of quality in all of the Firmdale properties; the service from start to finish, the F&amp;B offerings, the appointments of the rooms and the quality of the beds were all top drawer. The Soho has to be my favourite as I think the location is spot on and the atmosphere in the public areas is always half decent - I will continue to take it over the oligarch-ridden hotels in Knightsbridge from now on.	
Sep 2 2007	Stylish fun and so luxurious - the Soho Hotel	Just stayed at the magnificent Soho Hotel as a treat for our 8th wedding anniversary. We live in London, but still wanted somewhere fab to escape to without a long drive, and settled on this hotel. We were so excited, and were not dissappointed. The sitting room is very stylish - a huge room with huge furniture, beautifully designed, every detail thought of. We loved the honesty bar - such an array of choice, everything you could wish for. Games for you to play - chess even, try this after a glass of champagne - a challenge!! The bar was wonderful - we had a cocktail or two of course! The bedrooms are just awesome to use an Americanism! The bed was the most comfortable ever. We had a juniour suite - flat screen, huge bathroom, huge room, sofa, 3 chairs, curtains that block our all daylight. Just perfect in every way. Minibar - again stocked with the best of everything, candles, perfume...even a thong if you had forgotton yours!! The 2 screening rooms in the basement are stunning, Sunday films at 3pm - what a great idea! I would recommend this hotel in every way. I have nothing negative to say at all, breakfast was a treat also. A life experience to remember!	
Aug 22 2007 	Fantastic hotel definitely worth a stay	After reading the reviews on here, we decided to book this hotel for a 2 night weekend break. And we weren't disappointed. It manages to have a very cosmopolitan, individual, upmarket feel, but not in the least bit stuffy. The staff were very pleasant, helpful and efficient. We had a junior suite which was a really good size. Extremely comfortable and spotlessly clean.Breakfast was good - great choice and quick service. We ate in the restaurant one night too, which was also very good.The location is different, right in the heart of Soho, but its good to get away from all the touristy spots and there are some excellent bars and restaurants to choose from. The Soho Hotel will be hard to beat and not sure I would want to stay anywhere else next time we visit London.	
Aug 19 2007 	Hip and Very Cool	As other reviewers have stated, the Soho Hotel is incredibly upscale and cosmopolitan without being pretentious. The decor is fun and whimsical, especially the two drawing rooms and the restaurant/bar. We had a lovely double room that had ample space to lounge in. Overall it was very comfortable and chic.The reception staff is friendly and helpful and they go out of their way to help. The concierge was good, but we were expecting more from a hotel of this caliber. When asked about theater recommendations and music venues in the area, they seemed at a loss for suggestions, which was disappointing, particularly for a hotel in the theater district. Also, upon checking out, we noticed that they had significantly overcharged us for internet usage and laundry services. They took care of it, however, and all was settled.The location can't be beat--I walked to most places I wanted to visit and when it was too far, I found nearby tube stops. Definitely a prime hotel for visiting London.	
Aug 18 2007 	Relaxed 	From the moment we arrived, we felt that we were valued as customers. All members of staff were extremely helpful, friendly and made you feel very welcome to the hotel. It was noticeable that they all enjoyed working at this particular hotel.We found this hotel to be extremely comfortable without being overwhelming, as one may find in some larger hotels. There is a relaxed friendly atmosphere, whilst the surroundings are classy and elegant. The lounges had a feeling of intimacy; people were laid-back and relaxing with their feet up and you felt that you were in someone’s country home for the week-end. As the hotel is right in the heart of Soho, it probably has this lovely friendly feeling, because of the association with the media/film industries.There is some much attention to detail. The flower/plant arrangements were all beautifully arranged and fresh. Whenever seats in the lounge were vacated, a member of staff would clear the table of glasses/crockery and plump up the cushions on the sofas. Nothing was too much trouble for them.We felt that this was the most relaxing and friendly hotel we have stayed in and that this is due to not only the beautiful surroundings, but also to top-class staff from the front desk right through to the behind the scenes people. We felt so well cared for. Well done – it was a fantastic stay.David &amp; Anne Watson	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Hotel	It was our first stay at The soho Hotel, and we stayed in a Junior Suite. The room was really spacious, and decorated to a very high standard. The bathroom again was huge and really user friendly, all marble etc.. I was a bit disappointed with the lobby area, but the lounge &amp; Library rooms were nice.The thing that lets this hotel down is the service unfortunately. We never got what we asked for, Ie- we ordered Freshly squeezed juices in our room before breakfast, but it took several phone calls and complaints to actually get them, the tea we ordered, never arrived, Breakfast was incredibly slow, 40 mins to get a bowl of porridge, no toast being offered even though it was included.(although breakfast is very very good here) Its a real shame, as this aspect really lets the hotel down. The location is fantastic, we walked to the Theatres every night and it was an easy walk to both Regent St and Covent Garden &amp; Leicester Square.If they improve the staff training and maybe employ a few more English speaking staff it has the makings to be a top hotel, however our teenage daughter was in heaven, with all the Celeb spotting!	
Aug 9 2007 	Once again a wonderful stay.	The Soho has definitely become our favorite hotel in London. The quality of the staff, it’s modern, well appointed rooms, the good location close to Trafalgar Square and several Underground stations, continue to make for a perfect stay when we are in London. We one day plan to stay in the nearby, recently opened Firmdale, but with each perfect stay at the Soho, changing locations just because seem pointless. We love the Soho!	
Aug 8 2007	Loved the Soho	We stayed 6 nights at the Soho in early July. We had a wonderful experience. The staff gave us great restaurants and treated us as if we were the most important guest they had. The location was fun as there was alsways something happenning. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. This is the place to stay in London. Concierge staff was great.	
Aug 7 2007 	Very Good At The SOHO	Having recently spent 2 nights at the SOHO i can only say good things we stayed in a junior suite which was both spacious and very modern looking and clean The bathroom was large and very luxurious with granite tiles and worktopsThe breakfast and the evening meal we had were both very goodThe breakfast was included as part of the weekend rate although i think if you stay in the week it is extra. The evening meal was expensive although no dearer than other london hotels we have stayed inThe staff were all very helpful without being over the topGenerally we was very happy and would stay here again when we visit london again	
Jul 30 2007 	Great Stay in Soho	We are just back from a great stay in this beautiful hotel.Upon arrival we were upgraded from our Luxury Jnr to a deluxe Junior suite which was very nice.The suite was very tastefully furnished.With many styles mixed but all complementing each other from the furniture to the bed covers,it was a very large room going on London standards.The location is just off Dean street in the heart of Soho,even at the weekends sitting/sleeping in your room you could be forgiven to think you were in a country hotel as its so quite and just perfect for the sunday ly-in as no early morning rubbish/ glass trucks outside.We dined in the hotel on Saturday night,with no reservation and just after 9pm they managed to get us a table in Refuel.Good menu/food &amp; service.The spa has 2 very good treatment rooms and are quite reasonably priced and offered great service.The guest are all able to use 2 fab drawing rooms with the larger housing the Honesty bar (residents bar),which gives a very personal &amp; homely feeling to the hotel itself.The staff were so attentive,especailly the front office reservations team both day &amp; night.All in all well worth the room rates,great location still with peace &amp; quite and upon my next stay in London l certainly will be staying there from now on.Honestly l dont think any other hotel lives up the Soho hotel in the London area.Congrats to the Kemps who design &amp; own the various Firmdale properties.	
Jul 18 2007	a very special wedding anniversary	i surprised my wife by taking her to stay at the Soho for our first wedding anniversary and it was the most amazing hotel we have ever stayed in. we were upgraded on arrival to the most luxurious suite i have ever been in and they sent up a comlimentary bottle of champagne before we went out for dinner.it could not have been better and thank you to everyone there who made it such a special weekend. we will be back. Alex London	
Jul 8 2007	THE BEST London has to offer. . .	The Soho Hotel is just fantastic! I have never stayed in a metropolitan hotel where the staff was more helpful--and they didn't seem to be looking for a tip--they just seemed to be genuinely enjoying their jobs and hoping you enjoyed your stay and their city! It was incredible. . .I'm well traveled. . .I've stayed in a lot of great hotels. . .this is one of the best! The staff offered us a lot of unsolicited help--very generous, very kind and still, very hip.The rooms are totally quiet. . .spacious and attractive, well-appointed, well-lit and pristine. The restaurant (for breakfast) was yummy. . .popular after work--active in the evening and still the guest rooms are silent.Great location for the theater district. . .easy to get around London by tube and bus. . .There's no hotel I can recommend more highly in London.	
Jun 18 2007 	Best birthday ever @ The Soho Hotel!	My boyfriend surprised me by booking a 1 night stay at this hotel and I couldn't believe it..I had the best stay and all of the staff made me feel so special on my birthday..the manager even wrote us a note congratulating me on my birthday! The room was FABULOUS I cried when I arrived! DEFINATLEY worth the money and I will make it a tradition from now on to spend my birthdays there but this time I am not going to leave the hotel for a night out in London.. I will stay in and get room service or use the bar or restaurant! Great!!!	
May 27 2007 	One of the prettiest hotel I've ever stayed	The Soho Hotel, was just beautiful. The hotel is trendy with celebrities in the lobby. The staff went out of the way to make dinner reservations an book my horseback ride through Hyde park. The room was amazing. It had a art and fashion flare . . Flat screen tv, beautiful sitting room , It was like staying at your own flat. The bedding was clean and comfortable. They brought me extra down pillows. As you arrive the bring you complimentary tea and cookies. I loved that.  The only negative , was the shower was a little small, so its hard to shave my legs. But there is a large tub to take a bubble bath after shopping in all the trendy shops that where walking distance. I like to get facials , but I would not recommend using the spa at the hotel. Bliss is 100 times better. I didn't use the gym on this trip , but I did notice they had a nice one. This hotel rates as one of my favorites. Maybe it was because I was having such a fun trip , but the glamorous hotel, was nice to come home to after dancing the night away. I didn't feel uncomfortable coming in at 6-am after clubbing all night. . It was not a stuffy hotel, Just very elegant. When I go on vacation I really enjoy myself.	
May 23 2007 	Perfect Stay	I stayed at the Soho hotel and what an amazing hotel. The decor is modern but homely, the staff are professional and friendly and it is a perfect location.I would recomend this hotel for both business and pleasure and will definately be returning.	
Apr 10 2007	Great boutique hotel	Boutique hotel in a hip location, but with outstanding service and beautiful rooms: exceptional by London standards.	
Apr 9 2007 	perfect easter break	We just came back from 3 days at this wonderful hotel.The hotel:We liked the style of this hotel very much. We prefer more minimalistic designs ourselves, but thought that the very special design of the Soho Hotel worked out very well.The staff is friendly and would do anything to ensure that you have a wonderful stay. Can't beat the location - close to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and of course Soho is great for eating and drinking...The room:We stayed in a junior suite on the 4th floor, with big windows, allowing plenty of light and views of rooftops and roof gardens. The room was huge - double bed, sofa, tables and a reading chair, and lots of storage and floor space, which was nice as we were staying with our 6 year old daughter (plenty of space for her to play and the extra bed for her did not take any space from the design of the room).The bathroom was spacious and had a shower and tub and very nice products from Miller Harris. We also loved the dvd - not that we were in London to watch dvds, but it was great for our daughter to have a break during the afternoon - snuggle up in the wonderful big bed with some sweets and watch Narnia before going out to dinner. The hotel has lots of dvds that you can borrow. Other great things: Perfect lighting, radios from Kloss and flat screen tv from Loewe.Of course, this is Soho which means that there are many restaurants and cafes, which have air shafts and aircons and they do make noise. But the windows are really sound proof and even though I am a light sleeper and all those humming sounds really annoy me I had no troublesleeping. There are no street noises at all, because the hotel is in the back of a small street off Dean Street.Restaurant:We had breakfast included in our rate, meaning that we could choose what we liked on the menu, and if the bill was over 20 pounds each we'd have to pay extra. My husband liked the &quot;Healthy Breakfast&quot;, my daughter and I just had the continental, which was great - I'm not into anything fancy in the morning, I just like some granola and a cup of coffee. But I have to add that I recently stayed at the other Firmdale location in Covent Garden, and I prefer their breakfast over the Soho. Everything in Soho was sweet - fruit, muffins, croissants, muesli. It was delicious, but I missed some cheese and bread. But the last morning I just asked for it and immediately got it, so not really complaining at all...We had dinner in the restaurant the first night of our stay, and it was okay, nothing exceptional. The three course offer is good, but there are so many other restaurants in Soho, so I guess that we would not eat at the hotel the next time we stay here. In all we had a wonderful stay at the Soho Hotel. The hotel is very stylish and not what you would call a typical family place to stay, but we had a great time and will definitely come back - or try the new Firmdale location at Haymarket.	
Apr 1 2007 	Exceptional!	Stayed at the Soho for a business meeting over 3 days. It is pretty fantastic and will be even better when they ban smoking in the restaurant (supposedly by July 2007). The location is great - in the middle of everything. But the most impressive is the design. It's great style but approachable. This hotel is part of the Firmdale luxubry boutique hotels and so far I've seen 3 of them...and all of them are great. It is the perfect balance of great design but not over the top, impeccable service but not in-your-face, big enough to be a hotel but not B&amp;B type of feeling. It's just right.	
Mar 11 2007 	Perfection every time	Another faultless stay at the Soho Hotel. They manage to get it right every time. Fantastic service, beautiful room, wonderful cocktails. Our favourite big (ish) hotel in the world and one we return to again and again (and we live in London!) - perfection.	
Mar 10 2007	Botero Class	Hi. I am Azmi and my partner, Richard and I stayed 3 nights at the Soho and we thought it must have been the most exclusive and classy hotel. Rooms are so poshly and intimately designed and equipped with fabulous amenities. Perfect for romance. The drawing room makes you feel at home with a touch of style. And the Botero cat just puts the hotel in a class of its own.. Well done Soho!!	
Mar 8 2007	Luxury in London	Stayed at the Soho for 8 days starting late February and ending the beginning of this month. From start to finish the service and accomodations were top notch. The manager met us upon arrival, check was painless and actually pleasant - even with jet lag. We were early so they sat us in the library and brought us coffee and biscuits. The room was spacious and well appointed, as was the case with the whole facility. The location can't be beat and there's not a thing the staff weren't helpful with.Refuel, the restaurant was actually a great deal comparably speaking with a pre-fixe 3 course meal of 19.95. And, despite the discount price, the food was among the best meals we had in London. The bar is always busy with a trendy group of revelers. The hotel is pricier than other options but remember - cheap is expensive. Will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 13 2007 	Top Class Property	Booking:I booked over the telephone and I was very impressed with the friendly, down to earth manner of the reservations staff. Email confirmation arrived immediately. I had to make an alteration to our booking the day before our stay which was accommodated without any trouble at all.Check In:On arrival we received a free upgrade and was offered a tour of the facilities which was a nice touch although we declined as we'd had a long trip and were exhausted.Location:Fabulously situated just off Dean Street tucked away just enough to not get caught up in hussle and bussle but close enough to the bars/restaurants etc of Soho and 5 minute walk from Covent Garden.Common Areas:The giant cat in the lobby is very eye catching - love it or hate it. Richly coloured murals decorate plain walls. Very classy and individual.Rooms:Very spacious, light, airy and beautifully decorated. We had more room than we knew what to do with! We were on the second floor and had no problem at all with noise although we stayed on a weekend. A guy we got chatting to who was also staying on this floor and had been all week complained about the level of road noise.Bar:Superb. Very lively from early evening with friendly bar staff. Very diverse crowd. Great for people watching. Not as many lady lurkers or guys of a certain age looking for a good time than Long Bar @ Sanderson. Recommended whether you're staying in the hotel or not.Spa:Never got time, grrr.Breakfast:She tried, bless her..... need I say more?Concierge:Arranged our dinner bookings without a hitch but did seem a bit cold when approached for directions. A bit of sense of humour wouldn't go amiss, however if they got the job done so we'll let them off. Perhaps they were having an off day.Price:Less than some other hotels in the same category. Drinks not as ridiculous as some places. I have to say that this is the best hotel (in my opinion) that I have ever visited in London. Although the decor may not be as jaw-dropping as the Sanderson, it has a lot more class and a feel of luxury to it. The level of service also leaves competitors far behind. I have booked to visit this hotel again and will continue to stay here as long as the standards remain as high as on this visit.	
Feb 1 2007 	spacious rooms	we stayed here the first of october for a week. Since we were celebrating a special anniversary we were upgraded to a jr. suite. What a lovely, spacious room it was too. Plus, shortly after we arrived in our room a complimentary bottle of champagne and a bowl of gourmet olives was delivered to us. It was absolutely perfect. The hotel is in a great location also. Really close to shopping on oxford street and close enough to walk to covent gardens. We weren't crazy about the restaurant after a breakfast there but did have &quot;snacks&quot; from room service, which was fine. I only have 2 complaints and they are minimal. We didn't like any of the restaurants that the concierge recommended. In fact, we walked out of several places be cause we we the only people there and they didn't look very clean either. We got the feeling they (concierge &amp; restaurant) were working together. Usually at night we would stop at the honor bar for 2 glasses of ice to take to our room- quicker than room service and there was usually some employee(same one always) who would watch us like we were stealing something.Like you don't mind paying their high room rates but not a couple of bucks for a coke if you wanted. He just made us feel uncomfortable every night. But, all in all, we would stay there again because it really is a gorgeous hotel in a great location.	
Feb 1 2007 	Superb	This is a superb hotel in the heart of London. The room was amazing, the staff were helpful, and the bathroom was sublime. You couldn't choose a better hotel.	
Jan 30 2007 	Great Location	Overall had a good experience, service was excellent ,. Restaurant food was only ok . Room service much better .Internet charges are 33 pence per minute , it should be free in a 5 star hotel ! not this crazy price. I complained and price was reduced by 50% , still too expensive.	
Jan 24 2007 	A gem in the heart of London	Beautiful rooms, excellent staff, super resturant. We stayed 2 nights over New Year, including New Years eve which was wonderful. We ate in the resturant on NY eve where the meal was from a set menu and excellent. The place was buzzing that night but the staff were so proffessional, still nothing was too much trouble. For location you could not better, we walked everywhere after our car was 'magically' stored for us!It was very quiet on NY day and we found out that the resturant was closed that evening, which was fine as we ate out at a super Thai locally, but wish we had been told this when booking.The lounge is very welcoming and the decor beautifully refreshing. This is not a hotel for children though, although we saw some being made most welcome, it is more for couples and friends. We will definately be going back and I would be most happy to stay at the Soho on my own as the staff really do care about individuals.	
Jan 14 2007 	You may not want to leave your room...	Well, I missed my flight at CDG- Paris, and since the French happily proclaimed that it would be 2 weeks before I could get a flight back to LA, I decided to book it across the channel and check out London while I waited for a flight out of Heathrow. This was my first visit to London, and I really wasn't even aware that they didn't take euros, which really ticked off the taxi driver. Anyway, upon arriving at the hotel, the baggage people came right out and scooped up my luggage, to the taxi guy's dismay, since he was hoping to use my luggage for ransom until i changed euros to pounds. The brisk service I got at the hotel though seemed to calm the taxi guy down until I was able to pay him off..To be honest, I picked this hotel because of its location, and also because I thought I had scored quite the deal at $250 per night for a 5 star hotel. Well, my pipe dream soon ended when I discovered that the price was listed in british pounds, which made it closer to $490 per night, I decided to stay anyway, and I'm very glad I did- in fact, I was so impressed, I stayed 3 more nights. The hotel was incredibly quiet, and remarkably decorated. I especially loved the &quot;gym&quot; which was stocked with unusually fine equipment and nice touches, like beautiful leather boxing goves. The rooms are so pleasant that I had to force myself to go outside. The entire hotel staff was extremely nice and seemed very genuine. I didn't find anything pretentious here at all. The location is unbeatable- check out the SOHO theater while you're in the area. It's a playhouse that features up and coming talent, and it was quite a pleasant discovery.	
Jan 13 2007 	Best hotel in London. Fab!	Stayed at this hotel last weekend and absolutely loved it. Really stylish. I have stayed at many 4 and 5 star hotels in London and this is the best by far. Great location. Superb service. Great lounges and rooms. Booked by a Mr and Mrs Smith Hotel voucher which means I even got a complimentary bottle of Champagne. Will definitely visit again.	
Jan 12 2007	Very impressive.	This hotel delivered all I'd hoped for and more. Location: it is on a very quiet, somewhat obscure side street just around the corner from some of the most bustling streets in the city. It is an easy walk to shopping, museums, and more especially to all the main west end theatres, and it was quite easy to get a taxi.Service: every staff member I came into contact with was delightful. From housekeeping to room service, concierge to desk staff, everyone was cheerful, helpful, and sincere. This was a breath of relief because this balance of luxury and design in a hotel can sometimes come packaged with either stuffy or haughty service - which is not the case at this hotel!Ambience: this hotel somehow managed to establish an easy balance between traditional luxury and elegance on the one hand, and chic, playful art and design on the other. Our room (a jr. suite) was incredibly spacious, luxuriously appointed, bright, and imaginatively decorated. It felt more like an upscale flat than a hotel.The food in the restaurant and by room service is not bad (the tapas are the best choice), but there are so many great and affordable restaurants just at your doorstep that it is not really in issue.I would recommend this hotel and absolutely stay here again.	
Jan 9 2007 	The Soho	The Soho Hotel is without doubt a lovely hotel - we have stayed in some of the best hotels in the World, and as a small boutique hotel, this ranks amongst the best......We stayed here on the day before New Years EVe and New Years Eve itself.The staff are really friendly and cant do enough to help and the Junior suite we stayed in was plush, roomy (by London Standards) and immaculately clean. A bed side lamp exploded (the bulb) which gave my wife quite a start - but this could have happened any where......Bar prices are a bit steep even by London standards. The one aspect of our stay which spoilt the trip and which would stop me giving the Soho 5 / 5 was the restaurant. We ate in the Hotel Restaurant on the first night of our stay.......the menu looked promising. We ate with 2 friends and I have to say it was pretty awful. The &quot;diver caught&quot; scallops had grit in them (therefore likely to have been dredged rather than hand caught) and were tough and over cooked. The Main Course was Goats Cheese Ravioli which arrived as two enormous parcels of Goats Cheese, which was over powering. The Restaurant changed the dishes without hesitation, but made no real attempt to make amends.........The bill came to around £400 for what was a distinctly average to poor meal.......Would we stay at the Soho again - Yes definitely without thinking twiceWould we have dinner there again ? Probably not - For passing interest, just around the corner in Wardour Street there is a fabulous new little Scandinavian cafe which has opened in December. Everything is organic and the food and coffeee is great! Cut through to Wardour Street and turn right towards Regent Street - its on the right after about 250 yds!!.	
Jan 8 2007 	Wonderful Place for a Wedding Reception	My husband and I had our wedding reception at the Soho Hotel on the 29th September and we can not thank the staff enough for the most amazing time we had during the reception and our three night stay. We arrived the day before the wedding and a bottle of champagne was promptly sent up to our room. The room was very large, extremely comfortable and had a balcony with views over the entrance of the hotel and the London skyline. This is probably the best hotel and hotel room we have ever stayed in. My husband stayed elsewhere the night before the wedding so was unlucky to only experience 2 full nights! My parents and brother also stayed in the hotel and although their rooms were not as big and did not have a view I think they found them comfortable, but a little expensive. We definitely had a much better room for only a comparitively small amount of extra money.The day of the wedding the hotel helped us with chilling champagne which we took with us for our red double decker bus tour after the ceremony and by the time the bus dropped us off at the hotel after the wedding and tour the Library room was ready for our one hour booking, complete with bar staff to attend with drinks. We had 23 people altogether at the wedding and reception. After drinks and speeches in the Library we went downstairs for a meal in the swirl room. Apart from providing a seating plan and flowers I had left the room set up to the hotel and I was totally blown away with how beautiful it all looked. The meal was enjoyed and praised by everyone and the staff were very helpful and were happy for us to roam about the basement level as there were no other functions on that night. Photo opportunitites in the two screening rooms could not be missed!A friend summed up the wedding as being very stylish and that was largely due to the Soho Hotel. The best thing is that we now have an excuse to come back every year! (Although I am also keen to try out the new Haymarket hotel this year too).We couldn't recommend the hotel enough for a stay or for a small party, function or wedding reception!	
Jan 1 2007 	Beautiful hotel	I always prefer small hotels, so called a botique hotel for their quietness (no kids running round in the lobby and the lounge).We booked the cheapest room which was Superior Room on their website, but the room was a big compared to other 5 star hotel rooms and extremely well equiped, especially the bathroom. The facilities were superb, could not find any faults. Attention to the details is the phrase I would use for the room. I can not imagine staying at any other 5 star hotel apart from the Firmdale Hotels. The only problem was the breakfast. It was a bit confusing to receive an itemised bill at the end of the meal as the English Breakfast was already included in the rate. We just ignored it and it was ok.	
Dec 19 2006 	another great firmdale hotel	Having stayed at the Covent Garden Hotel we tried to book again. Unfortunately it was fully booked, fortunately we found out it was part of a small select group of hotels. If you like smaller, independent, dare I say it homely type hotels, then this group fits the bill. Homely in that the service is excellent and friendly, not at all pompous and independently decorated, so not all like a chain. Having spent many nights staying in hotels for business it takes something special for another night in a hotel to feel special.On the downside when we arrived (4pm Sunday) our room wasn't available but we were offered complimentary drinks in the bar while we waited. We chose instead to have a quick sprint around Soho and got a call on my mobile from reception saying we had been upgraded and our room was available.Our luggage was in our room and a bottle of champagne on its way! A great example of how to turn an issue into a result.We had room service that night and the food was excellent and delivered in a timely manner. The room was large with a fabulous bathroom, a choice of 100 DVD's and a great mini bar. We had breakfast in our room which was delivered precisely on time with perfecty cooked eggs and plenty of hot toast.The library/lounge with the small (honesty bar) and board games accentautes the cosy feeling of the place. We stayed two nights and the concierge/doorman were great and very helpful.Next year they open a new hotel in Haymarket and we will be booking as soon as it is open. This hotel group is the perfect tonic for hotel weary residents.	
Dec 12 2006	Great experience!	My boyfriend and I had to book at the last minute for a nights stay in London - we chose the Soho Hotel on recommendation and their staffs helpfulness when calling.We had a brilliant stay and the whole experience was relaxing and enjoyable - I wish we could have stayed longer.The service was excellent and we indulged ourselves with their afternoon tea which was delicious. The concierge organised our parking, congestion charges and London cabbie about town - nothing seemed to be too much trouble for them - even my too heavy luggage!Our room, Double Deluxe, was spacious with an enormous and very comfortable bed. The rain shower was like a massage and all the finishing touches were well received.Breakfast in bed capped off a fantastic stay!	
Dec 4 2006 	Simply perfect - but get breakfast in bed!	We stayed for a surprise brithday for my nother this weekend. My parents for 2 nights in a deluxe junior suite (they were upgraded as soon as the hotel heard it was a birthday celebrateion) and myself and brother in standard double rooms for 1 night.This is a wonderful hotel, tucked in the centre of Soho, with amazing design, excellent service (most of the time see below) and impeccable rooms.All of the rooms were perfect, huge, spacious, well appointed, lots of toiletries, hairdryer, shoe shine, flat screen tv - you name it it's there. The beds were huge, very comfy and the cutains proper blackout!I would highly recommend this hotel but would suggest you have breakfast in your room rather than in the restaurant. We had a terrible experience on the Sunday morning (too annoying to go into) which blighted what was a fantastic stay, I would suggest that with room service you will not have this problem!This is the second Firmdale hotel we have stayed at (Pelham also) and whilst expensive they are well worth it.	
Nov 26 2006 	Absolutely superb	My husband and I spent 2 nights in a Junior Suite for a break away from the kids. We always stay in 5 star hotels and this was one of the best we have stayed in, the main reason being - the service. The staff are superb, they remembered our names, welcomed us with a smile, were always friendly and extremely helpful. Best of all was the Head Concierge, Sandro, who went out of his way for us, getting long sold out tickets to a top show and recommending and booking all the latest London restaurants for us to try.The suite was large and comfortable with a sitting area and big bed. The bathroom was a little outdated in decor but very large and kept spotlessly clean. The public areas are beautifully and quirkily decorated making it a very trendy yet exceptionally cosy place to stay. The majority of clients appear to be celebrities or media types and yet we never felt intimidated or out of place, even though we are thirty something parents of three!Breakfast at the Refuel restaurant within the hotel was disappointing, with little choice at the small buffet, but as it was included in our rate we didn't mind. It might be better to stay on a room only rate and have breakfast elsewhere, although again, the service was exceptional.The only thing lacking was tea and coffee making facilities in the room. If you order hot drinks at night, they charge you a £3 room rate. But, as others have written here, you do get offered complimentary milk and cookies when you come in at night, PLUS free water was by our bed which I thought was veyr thoughtful.All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel as we felt very looked after and made to feel special by all the staff, relaxing in a lovely environment. My husband also tried a massage in their spa downstairs which he said was excellent (and he is quite particular about massages).It is expensive, you can't get away from that, but we felt it was worth the money. Plus, the location is great, right in the centre of Soho, near all the theatres and fantastic restaurants. We loved it.	
Oct 17 2006 	Could try a bit harder!!!!	We stayed here for two nights a couple of weeks ago. It was our second visit [so we must have been relatively impressed first time around] and our third at a Firmdale [because we had previously stayed at The Covent Garden Hotel, which did we like but, stylistically, much prefer The Soho].I booked the room over the phone and gave my credit card details to cover the cost of two nights [about £1k] because my partner was travelling ahead of me and I didn't want him to have to be bothered with having to use his card to have to pay [he would usually know that by having to use his card he would end up paying for the treat, which wasn't the point].It turned out that when he arrived he was required to present his credit card [not for identification purposes, which would have been fine] but for it to be swiped and debited. He didn't complain because [knowing me like he does he just thought &quot;oh here we go again&quot;]. I arrived 2 or 3 hours later to be told that he had had to use his card. So, being determined that just this once I would pay, and assuming that my card had not already been debited, despite my instructions, I presented my card.As events eventually revealed, my card HAD been debited before either of us arrived [I think that it was £1100.00]. His card was then debited on his arrival, and then on my arrival my card was debited again, this time for £1300!!!. That though did not cause the cancellation of my original debit of £1100 nor the cancellation of his debit [I assume it was £1100, or perhaps it was £1300].Anyway, off we go out to supper that night, somewhere nice and with guests. My card, the only one I was carrying then &quot;bounced&quot; because there was over £1k missing!!! Fortunately my partner had one of his cards with him and he paid. This was not a good start! Obviously the hotel were not going to overcharge us BUT they had reserved over £3.5k of our credit for a two night stay. So BEWARE!!!!Anyway, our room, Junior Suite was really lovely, perfect in every way. A nice touch was that when we returned from supper on the Friday we were offered complimentary bed time milk and cookies.Breakfast is a unique affair in Refuel.Am I wrong, but when you have an English breakfast in a smart hotel at £21.00 aren't you entitled to have some cereal and or fruit from the buffet? Not here you aren't. I had two Weetabix and a slug of milk, and was told that that meant that I was having the &quot;Refuel&quot; breakfast which would cost over £30, although, eventually I was only charged £21, but I didn't have any Weetabix on the Sunday because it's nice but not £10+ nice.These kind of details dim the shine on what should be a faultless hotel, and it is lovely, very stylish, generally welcoming, but it could do better if only they tried just that little bit harder.Shame really because I love the look and like the location and I want to rave about the place, but I have to be honest and so I have.Would we stay again? Probably yes.	
Oct 15 2006	An oasis within the hubub of London	This was our second time staying at the SOHO and it was just as amazing as our first visit. The hotel is tucked down a side street in gritty SOHO. The 5 or 6 story building is a renovated parking garage with a masonry exterior with beautiful loft-style windows. I believe the hotel has about 90 rooms. So boutique is the category here. There also appears to be residential lofts that are a part of this building.Enter the lobby and you are welcomed into an unusal mix and match of a number of design styles. This is haute-design.The staff couldn't be more pleasant. No pretention. Just extraordinarily professionalism and friendly faces who recognize repeat guests. Which is what happened to us when we checked in and we were kindly upgraded to a luxury double room where a hand written note welcomed us back and some aroma therapy treatment was waiting as a gift to be used in a warm bath after a long flight. This kind of attention to detail is present at every twist and turn in this hotel. One night, after a long day and a late dinner out, as we passed the front desk to return to our room we were asked if we would like some warm milk and cookies sent up on the house as a late night snack. Who can say no to something like that? And the company should give their head concierge a big fat bonus. He was always eager to help. Getting us hard to find dinner reservations one night and trying to seek out much coveted tickets to &quot;Little Britain&quot; another night. Even offering to look &quot;on teh black market&quot; for us since teh show was long sold out. (Turns out it wasn't playing that night and we were leaving the next day.)Guest rooms are perfect. I read that every room is different. Our room in our most recent stay (room 405) was decorated perfectly (like everything in this hotel) with an incredible twoil-like (sp?)wallpaper, textured/comfortable fabrics, comfy chairs to relax while watching the flat screen TV (and DVD player), an enormous bath with a huge tub and separate glass enclosed shower and great closet space for those of us who like to overpack when we travel.Common areas are just plain quirky and plush. We had 6 firends meet us for drinks before we headed out to dinner one night and we used one of the drawing rooms as a gathering place. We had a waiter from the bar serve us and we and our guests felt like we were in our very own (albeit very grande) living room. There are 2 or 3 drawing rooms and they are all incredibly decorated. Classic British design meets modern. I just wish smoking was prohibited in public spaces...but soon I hear!The gym is pretty good as far as hotel gyms go. I'd give it a 7 out of 10. I have yet to find an extraordinary gym. Actually, I think the best gym in London is at the Meridien in Piccadilly, but I digress. The SOHO's gym offers great cardio equipment and a pretty good selection of free weights. Massage rooms can be found off the gym and I saw some relaxed folks coming out from those rooms as I ran on the treadmill.We have also found that the SOHOT Hotel is an extremely comfortable hotel for gay travellers. We've always been treated with kindness and respect.We will never stay at any other hotel in London. Well, maybe we'll check out other Firmdale Hotels next time we are in town. But I'd feel a little guilty, to be honest.	
Oct 1 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	We had a wonderful time at the Soho Hotel. The room was fantastic, the service was great and we couldn't have asked for more. Sandro the conceirge was extremely helpful and useful.Bravo!	
Aug 29 2006 	wonderful hotel	I've chosen The Soho for my birthday celebration 2 years ago and i've forgotten to give you my opinion about this amazing perfect and wonderful hotel. I've tried a lot of hotels in the british capital but this experience has been simply unforgettable.Everything is fantastic in this hotel from the staff elegant, trendy and helpful to the rooms, large, extremly well designed, some with a private terrace overlooking the trendy Soho district and with a lot of natural light due to large windows.This is a true five stars hotel with high quality amenities, a rare attention to detail, an impressive cleanliness and an exquisite breakfast.All the public areas are very comfortable as well like the library where you can have a drink in a cool trendy atmosphere. The lobby is huge with a Botero statue so original.The Soho is undoubtly the best adress in London and for sure one of the best hotel in the world, better than the other hotels of the Firmdale group and in conclusion, one of my favourite city hotels.I want to come back soon to stay again in this world of excellence and originality....	
Aug 28 2006 	perfect	My wife and I stayed for three nights in a junior suite at this hotel and it was the best hotel experience we have ever had.The Soho Hotel is able to combine absolutely flawless five star service without any intrusiveness at all. The design presents a warm and cozy environment without being stuffy or ultra-futurist-modern. It is at once lively and happening and also an oasis of calm. The location is perfect. We have not a single complaint.If you are looking for a full-service hotel of the old empire style with ringing bells and cathedral ceilings, stay somewhere else. If you want to immerse yourself in a jewel box of privacy, luxury and calm, this is it.Expensive? Yes, but worth every penny.	
Aug 27 2006 	A place to feel special	We have just returned from this beautifully discreet hotel. From the moment we entered this oasis of calm we felt special and pampered. The staff were, without exception, very friendly and helpful.  The decor in the hotel is lively and perhaps shouldn't work - but it does. The libary and sitting rooms are havens of peace. The bar gets full in the evening and is great place to people watch.We had a beautiful room which was spacious( when compared to other rooms in which I've stayed in 5 star London) and offered a bathroom of marble and glass. The separate shower was fantastic and as expected was equipuiped with high quality soaps and shower gels.The view from our room and indeed all the public rooms were not great. This is because the hotel is in a Mews area and so looks out only onto other buildings. This did not worry us greatlyThis hotel is in a great postion and I would love to stay again. It is not as brash or obvious as some similar hotels but it is a truely classy place to stay.	
Aug 20 2006 	Good but there are better	Let's start with the basics from the hotel - the rooms, the staff and the hotel decor: and on all these fronts, the hotel scores highly. The rooms are a good size (although slightly disappointing views I suspect in most), and are individually decorated. They're all in very good condition with nice touches. I liked the fact there was a hand-written welcoming card, the large wardrobes, a thoughtful range of items in the mini-bar and accompanying shelves, and the turn-down service had been done carefully not in a hurry. The staff also were polite and efficient (although apparently not able to book a taxi from the hotel on a Sunday morning even after a half-hour wait), and when we phoned to reception for an item to be brought to the room it was done promptly. The decor was good fun and the unique pieces of art in the rooms and round the hotel meant it was a place to wonder and enjoy being in - not just a place to stay. All in all, very good indeed.So why not a 5 star rating? Mainly, because the hotel lacked atmosphere. You stay at The Sanderson (round the corner) and there are queues of people waiting to get in to the bar each evening, there's a buzz and excitement there. Not so at The Soho. Even the day before the local &quot;Soho Pride&quot; festival, the hotel was creeping along not revelling in its location and environment. Perhaps it was the fact the bar closes at midnight (and staff who have to read the menu to remind themselves how to make drinks); perhaps it was the fact there were no doormen out the front, helping you and welcoming you to the hotel (they're not needed, but they demonstate that the hotel cares); perhaps it was just the poor quality shower that dribbled out water.Whatever the case, I just didn't find it worked. And that's a great shame because with a little more, well, pazzazz this hotel would be a shining star in a great location. I'd recommend it but only for a tourist wanting a solid hotel, not someone looking for a sparkling night out enjoying what London is most certainly famous for.	
May 31 2006	Great Hotel great location	The Soho Hotel is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are modern with amenities like high speed internet, LCD TV's, radios with Ipod hookups (supplied by concierge). They are well appointed and the bathrooms are also very nice. The restaurant has an excellent menu and the bar is busy at night. Downstairs they have a decently equipped gym. If you are looking for a very nice hotel and would like to stay in the heart of Soho, I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 24 2006	As Good As It Gets in London	We are a family of five, and we stayed at the Soho Hotel in a two-room apartment for two and a half weeks in April and May this year. Let me say this right off: this hotel is as good as it gets in London: attentive staff, excellent rooms, a lively neighborhood with every conceivable eating place, most theaters and Chinatown only five minutes away. It is a little more expensive than the usual, but then the usual will not have a ten-foot bronze cat by Botero in the lobby! The hotel restaurant is, how does one put it delicately, minimalist, especially from the point of view of a family that can get very hungry in London, which is about ten thousand kilometers from Asia where we live. But having said that, I have to say that it was always full, especially around the very long bar which seems to be the restaurant's centerpiece. So my comment is probably more indicative of a cultural divide: Asians go to restaurants for food, preferably in substantial amounts; Brits go for drinks, probably in similarly substantial quantities. All in all, this is a hotel that deserves a premium rating, and a promise to keep returning to it whenever you get to London.	
Feb 7 2006	Wonderful	We stayed here for our wedding anniversary and it was wonderful. The hotel itself, and our room, were both lovely, beautifully decorated - very stylish - with interesting pieces of art around. The bed and bathroom were both very luxurious and comfortable. They sent us in a bottle of champage for our anniversary, and the cocktails at the downstairs bar were delicious. Breakfast, delivered to our room, was also great, with an interesting selection to choose from (and much better than the other 5 star places I've stayed). Staff and service all impeccable.All in all a terrific place to stay - I have booked to go back next month and can't wait.	
Jan 31 2006	Great design good hotel	This hotel is in a great location (as its name suggests) and yet manages to be very quiet, as it is tucked away between 2 busy streets. The decor in the main communal parts of the hotel is very special, but I have to say that on a personal level I wasn't too keen on the decor in my room. We were upgraded to a junior suite, and although the quality of the furnishings was great, the decor was a bit 'old US style country house' which isn't to my taste. The bathroom was full of dark marble: very 80s. However this is the only real complaint I have, and it is purely a question of personal taste. I prefer clean modernity, not flowery.Be careful if breakfast isn't included in your rate - it was in ours but the a la carte would have come to £50! Plus the prices they quote for rooms is without VAT so that adds another 20%...Had a great time, it's a very special place but I would not rush back. I much prefer the Covent Garden or the Charlotte Street hotels.	
Jan 16 2006	Fantastic	We stayed here on New Years Eve and it could not have been better. The reception and general hotel staff are the best I have come across in recent years - possibly the best ever - and I travel regulary on business staying at so-called 'style' hotels in NYC, Lisbon, Barcelona, Amsterdam, LA and everywhere inbetween.We were upgraded on our arrival and the room set-up was fantastic. The materials, fabrics and decor are of a very high quality and the finishing of the room is astounding for this day and age, when craftsmanship and finishing has gone down the pan pretty much (will be interesting to see how the hotel maintains this, as it is still new and one feels like you are in fact the first persion to ever stay in the room!).The hotel and fabulous bar area was pretty quiet for NY Eve, but we were going outside for dinner and drinks (the fantastic Quo Vadis restaurant is just 50 yards away and is always impeccable) so this was inconsequential.Compared to the other style/boutique hotels in London, The Soho Hotel has upped the ante a long way - it mixes new boutique style with 'old school' warmth, quality and detail - can only recommend it highly!!	
Dec 30 2005	Great Place to Stay	My company helped to build this hotel so I may be a bit biased in my opinion. So with this in mind I paid for 5 other couples to stay at this hotel with me and my wife in December 2004. We have sinced returned in Jan and April 2004.My opinion and that of all the other people that stayed with us that first weekend was &quot;Amazing and Classy&quot;There is no snootiness about this place just lots of style and smile.The reception staff are extremely friendly and seem to have the knack of remembering guests names. The bar staff are also very friendly and polite. &quot;So they should be at those prices&quot; I might hear you say but trust me it isnt always the case no matter how much you pay.The rooms are the thing that blows most people away. Just how you would like your own room to be if only it was big enough. The beds were so comfortable i took a sneaky look at the matresses to see if it was possible to buy one somewhere. It was made by Silent Night and the model was called &quot;The Firmdale&quot; which is the name of the company that owns the hotel so they are obviously designed and made specifically for Firmdale HotelsThe bathrooms are exquisite with marbles and limestones.We have been very fortunate to receive a free upgrade to a junior suite on every visit so far together with a free neck and shoulder massage. They even remember you when you return and leave a personal little note and a gift in your room for you.I have read one report on here that says it is the worst hotel ever. Dont be ridiculous, try the Ibis Hotel at Euston.I personally dont think this hotel is expensive for the level of luxury. (Its good for star spotting as well: So far we have seen David Schwimmer/Ross from Friends, Robbie Williams and Busted). I understand from the Porter that Jeniffer Lopez, Sting, Madonna and others have all stayed there too.	
Dec 26 2005	beautiful hotel	We stayed in Soho hotel for 4 nights this July. The service was excellent. Especially the concierge was AMAZING. He got us all the hot tables in best restaurants, best tickets for great shows...The food was good. The restaurant downstairs attracts a beautiful London crowd everytime of the day.Although we stayed in a suit, the room wasn't very big but it was pretty good for London standards. I have to say that the hotel was really really well decorated. The location was so convenient. It's close to everywhere you wanna go.	
Dec 21 2005	LOVED and MISSED		
Dec 5 2005 	Amazing Hotel not to be missed		
Oct 31 2005	Awesome		
Oct 3 2005	Amazing Hotel!		
Oct 3 2005	Brilliant.		
Jun 27 2005	I loved this hotel		
May 4 2005	Just Perfect		
Mar 9 2005	Well recommended !		
Nov 30 2004	Nohoho Hotel		
Nov 12 2004	New 		
Nov 17 2009 	Génial - à recommander -vivement qu'on y retourne !		
Oct 17 2009 	Hotel Glamour !		
Oct 3 2009 	Tolles Hotel		
Aug 9 2009 	??????????		
Aug 4 2009 	hotel sympatique et branché excellente cuisine		
Jul 11 2009 	Quel gachis !		
Jun 10 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 10 2009 	Bon hôtel mais manque de classe		
Jan 9 2009 	Ottimo hotel nel centro di Londra		
Oct 13 2008 	Muy buen Hotel de 5 *. Trato bochornoso propio de una pensión...		
Oct 8 2008 	Un recuerdo precioso del hotel		
Feb 14 2008 	Fantastico Hotel		
Nov 22 2007 	Très bel hôtel		
