	Excellent Value for Money!	This hotel is ideally located with Kings Cross Station and underground on your doorstep. You can easily walk from Euston station too as it is a mere 10 minutes along the road. Also note that there is a burger king next to it (makes it a lot easier to find). The rooms itself are lovely and maintained to a very high standard. All rooms come with free tv and internet(via the tv) and each morning you are supplied with a newspaper of your choice which is also a nice touch. The bed's are very comfortable and the shower is excellent. Only slight problem was the heat of the room which was soon solved by asking reception to turn on the air conditioning. They also have a luggage room which is very handy if you have late flight/train. I would definitely recommend this hotel as it also has a Starbucks, Costa and Tesco nearby.	
Nov 21 2009 	Very handy	Great location opposite Kings Cross for us northern types. Shower was the most amazing thing we've seen with jacuzzi built in. Proper coffee machine too. Seemed to be a bargain considering location and extra freebies. Bed was super confortable too!	
Nov 20 2009 	Lovely hotel and ideally located	I stayed with my partner and daughter in this hotel for a long weekend. We were really pleasantly suprised. It was great value for money and ideally located, being almost opposite Kings Cross.We had a family room which was extremely modern and clean. There was internet access via the TV - really useful for checking on places to visit. The restaurant is excellent and great value for money too. I particularly liked the friendly atttitude of all staff and it ahd a warm feel as it was a fairly small sized hotel.I do not normally write reviews but was so impressed, felt that I should!!	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect for Eurostar	Stayed at Megaro Hotel Friday 13th November. Perfect position for connecting to Eurostar. Rooms excellent, bed super comfy, little noisy at night but you are in London its to be expected. Expresso machine in room but degree needed to operate or i'm just not clever enough. Like previous reviewers small flood. If you need to use Eurostar and want a perfect place to sleep over then the Megaro is for you. Book you rate via hotel booking site, not direct with hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent excellent excellent	What a find..thanks Trip Advisor! Superconvenient location across from Kings Cross and St Pancras and the place is so upscale and nice. We got a great weekend rate that included full English Breakfast and it was really fantastic. I never thought I'd find a hotel room in London so conveniently located with all the amenities this place has, but now I won't stay anywhere else. From Kings Cross you can pretty much get anywhere you want to go. Upon leaving we were able to walk across the street, get on the tube to Heathrow with our luggage and ride all the way there for under £3. Priceless :)	
Nov 6 2009 	Hidden gem right across from the tube station.	Luckily I knew ahead of time that this hotel was located next to Burger King or else I may not have found it, but I'm glad I did find it. All hotel staff were friendly and helpful. My room was big by European standards. I had no problems with the wireless keyboard and access to the Internet through the television. I had dinner one night in the hotel's restaurant--it was great!	
Nov 3 2009	Cute  Clean 	We -a family of 2 adults,1 child and 1 infant-spent 4 days in London on our way back from Scotland, we got a good review from trip advisor about the hotel and we booked directly...... wonderfully placed just beside the king's cross tube.It is a clean , beautufully managed hotel and most important the size of the room is quite big (which is very rare in London city)....The hotel is on the main road with full of shops &amp; restaurant....every items in the room are in proper working condition and thoroughly cleaned / serviced.liked the hotel and the location very much.....	
Nov 2 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location	I sat at this hotel at elast once a month as I need to travel to London with work regularly. I now wont stay anywhere else but the Megaro. Its a perfect location and you feel very safe despite being in the hustle and buslte of Kings Cross.Great rooms with very comfy bed. All ameneities needed including TV, great bathroom, etc however no mini bar but there is a newsagent right next door.Last visit I was updgraded free of charge to the tp suite which was very big witha great veiw of London.Great hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	Great value and convenience for London	Location is very convenient for King's Cross and St Pancras. This hotel is very updated and modern – almost Swedish, with wood floors and glass doors. Bonus for internet thru the TV screen – and check out the tons of CDs you can play thru the TV for music. Refrig in room. Tons of space (we were up on the 6th floor). We got a great 2-day weekend deal that included a full breakfast, which was very good. Security is terrific – everything is behind key access, so it's very safe there.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good hotel reasonably priced - but don't book through Expedia	Very nice hotel, right next to the steps as you come out of tube/station at Kings Cross. Everything in the hotel is modern and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was lovely and the shower was great.Colleagues had worried about me staying at Kings Cross as they said it wasn't very safe and I was there as a female alone on a business trip, but with the hotel right at the top of the tube steps, i found it absolutely fine.I was worried that it might be noisy as the hotel is based right on the main road, but the hotel is well soundproofed so i found it fine. if you are super-sensitive to noise, i would ask for a room at the back of the hotel.The only issue i had was with my booking through Expedia. Expedia had quoted a price, which looked like the total but actually didn't include taxes. The only reference they made was to say 'Taxes may or may not be included in total'. This was completely misleading so i was less than happy when i went to check out and the price came to £125 rather than £108 as listed on the Expedia confirmation. I understand that this is not the hotel's fault however, on the hotel's own documentation from Expedia, it is listed much more clearly, but it is an issue they encounter all the time.As a result i have already booked to stay at the hotel again next week - but I have booked directly with the hotel this time and will avoid using Expedia again as they are misleading.	
Oct 7 2009 	A nice little surprise at King's Cross	My husband and I picked this hotel for a three night's stay for its location. We wanted to be on the Northern Line of the Underground so we could easily visit our daughter and son-in-law in Tufnell Park--a few stops away. King's Cross is udnergoing enormous rehab, so it is noisy and busy, but the hotel is an oasis of comfort and quiet. The rooms, although on the small side , are very nice and the beds are really comfortable. The bathroom is roomy and modern--the shower can take a little getting used to but it's fine thereafter. There is a first-floor restaurant and a sweet bar that's open late. Our one complaint is the in-room computer, which uses the television and a wireless keyboard, had problems while we were there. Still, we were very satisfied, especially given the reasonable price.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great rooms great location (for this part of London)	I stayed in a triple room with my parents (in their 70s) for one night and found this hotel great. My bed was a fold down one which appeared out of one of the wardrobes - I thought these only existed in the cartoons and kept thinking my bed would shoot me back up against the wall. It was actually quite comfortable.From a location point of view it was great - we flew in to Gatwick and a train brought us straight to St Pancras right across the road. The next day we got a Eurostar from St Pancras, so there was no long walk around London trying to find the hotel.The front door of the hotel is right beside an entrance to Kings Cross/St Pancras tube station so you could almost get to the hotel from the train without getting wet.As mentioned elsewhere the showers are very good - big heads and a good flow of hot water. One little problem was that in the absence of any sort of barrier the water from the shower had a habit of flooding the bathroom floor.Breakfast was included in our room rate - but note it is only the continental breakfast. We went for parts of the full breakfast. Food was very good and relatively good value. I would go for the full breakfast again. It was served in the main restaurant downstairs which is open to the public in the evening.Check-in and check-out were smooth and there were no problems there. The hotel bar is open 24 hours I think. It's a nice comfortable place to while away some time while waiting for others to get ready.The area around has plenty of old-school hotels but I would definitely return here. I tried to book direct with the hotel but they quoted the full rate. When I checked the rate on some of the online engines I got a much better rate.	
Oct 1 2009 	Very impressed with room less so with staff	My room at the Megaro was supremely clean, comfortable and spacious, with many useful amenities such as flat-screen TV (with lots of channels and free Internet access), mini-fridge (with free water and milk), and espresso machine. Décor was modern and streamlined, closet and drawer space were ample, and the bed was supremely comfortable. The bathroom, which was spacious and extremely clean, had one of the best showers I’ve ever used, as well as an inviting full-sized bathtub. If I were rating the Megaro on the quality of the room alone, I’d give it 5 stars. One security feature I really appreciated was that access to the lift and stairs required use of a room key, so random people couldn’t just walk in off the street and roam through the hotel. Except for the excellent housekeeping staff, service at the Megaro doesn’t measure up to the same stellar standard as the accommodation. The young man who checked me in was curt and uncommunicative almost to the point of rudeness. No greeting, no volunteering of any information. When asked a direct question, he’d answer it grudgingly, as briefly as possible. Fortunately, not all the staff was as sullen as this unpromising specimen; during my four-day stay, some of the young women who worked at the front desk showed that they knew how to smile and say hello to guests who passed through the lobby. Unfortunately, my check-out experience wasn’t all that much more positive than my check-in. All four staff members at the desk, including the manager, were embroiled in some kind of discussion with the small group of travelers ahead of me in line, about the room rate that the group had booked. Three of the four staff members weren’t doing anything productive—just standing there looking perplexed. Finally, after several minutes, one of them realized that a queue was forming, and mercifully broke away to attend to other guests. She took a bafflingly long time processing my check-out, even though there was no ambiguity about my room rate, no problem with my credit card, and no accumulation of incidental expenses. It’s a good thing I wasn’t in a hurry. On customer service, I’d have to give the Megaro 2.5, or at most 3, stars. This was not a staff I’d want to depend on if I really needed help with anything important.Still, despite the shortcomings in service, I’d readily stay at the Megaro again, provided I could get a similar discounted rate. Besides the great room, I really enjoyed the central location—so close to Eurostar, and convenient for getting to Islington, the City and the East End as well as all the attractions in the West End.	
Sep 28 2009 	excellent hotel in london	every thing is fantastic except breakfast, good location, value.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location for St Pancras	Very nice hotel. Our room was very large and clean with a great shower! It is close to Euston Station and you couldn't get closer to St Pancras Station - It is opposite the main entrance!The staff were very friendly and helpful, looking on the internet to find the location of a pub we wanted to go to.We didn't have breakfast, as had an early train to catch, so can't review that.It was great valve for money as we booked it late and got a good deal.Overall very happy.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent hotel	Hotel is located directly across the road from St. Pancras station. I arrived early but the staff were very helpful and stored my luggage until later in the day. The room provided was very good - a reasonable size for London and excellent in-room facilities including an expresso machine. Room was also very clean and very quiet..Would use this hotel again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location great hotel have booked again!	We couldn't believe how close this hotel was to the station. We arrived at 9.45 - check in wasnt til 2.00 but we left our bags in secure room, and when we checked out the next day we were able to leave our bags there again until our train at 3.pm, which I thought was brilliant. The hotel itself was very clean, the room was spotless and the bed very comfortable. I liked the fact we had an iron, ironing board and espresso machine in the room. There was abit of noise from street noise, but it was quite nice to hear the chaos outside and know that we were all cosy in our lovely room! We got home and booked the hotel again for around Christmas time - I would definately recommend it as a central place to stay when visiting London.	
Sep 2 2009	Fantastic place and location	This hotel is definitely a gem just across from King's Cross. I asked for a room with easy access as my mother moves around in a wheelchair and we were given an incredible room with facilities designed for such cases and at an incredible price. The room was equipped with a coffee maker, 32&quot; LCD TV, a comfortable sofa and with a spacious bathroom. The staff were incredibly helpful. The hotel even managed to squeeze in a lift which is really helpful for people with mobility or luggage problems. That is definitely something one rarely sees in hotels around King's Cross or St Pancras, at least if they are 3 stars and below.	
Sep 1 2009 	very good	Good location, near tube, Kings Cross/St Pancreas.Small reception area but had a drink at night in small bar, quiet but pleasant.Family room was excellent. Two doubles, two flat screen televisions etc.Great continental breakfast. Very helpful staff.Booked with airmiles.	
Aug 30 2009 	perfect for location to eurostar	For a hotel right next to Kings Cross / St Pancras you would think it would be more noisy but this was well sound proofed and really lovely. we got room only for about 80 quid and i don't think i would pay 240 which was the price listed at reception but the shower and bathroom were lovely and the room was clean and a good size. a nice touch was the access to loads of CD's via the TV system including a wide variety this made up for the limited digital signal on the telly. we were room only as had to hit the station at 8 am so can't comment on food but it all looked pretty good. for location to the eurostar it can't really be beaten - across the crossing outside the door and you are there!Felt quite posh, not too pricy and prefect spot for train.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Hotel Friendly Staff Lovely rooms!	I stay at this hotel all the time and was kind of wondering if I should write a review just in case it gets too popular!I often have to travel on my own to London and Carol and the team make me feel incredibly welcome every time I come to town.Rooms are lovely and spacious, lovely bathrooms, chilled milk and water in the fridge as well as a coffee maker in your room and the beds are v comfy!Brilliant location for business travellers right next to the tube and Eurostar, and just a 4 minute walk from Euston for those travelling into town.	
Aug 24 2009 	Somewhere a little different from the norm	Stayed here overnight after a superb day on the Steam Dream's Cathedrals Express from Kings Cross. The hotel was booked thro Expedia and on arrival VAT was added to the quoted Expedia price. We found this unusual and it has never happened to us in any previous hotel bookings. Expedia's small print does say the hotel may or may not include tax in the total, I think the price should have clearly state &quot;+VAT&quot;. However, the hotel room was large, clean and modern - but quirky! Quite a few unusual features and I didn't understand why it was neccessary to have a drop down bed 600mm away from the window wall in such a large room. Generally a pleasant boutique style hotel which was conveniently placed for St.Pancras, Kings Cross and the British Library.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Hotel	The hotel is just just across the road from Eurostar, which was great. The room we were given was huge, had a lovely bathroom and was spotless. The coffee machine was great, there were teabags too and complimentary water and fresh milk. The bed was huge and comfortable. The rates were good too as we booked in advance. We did not have time to sit down for breakfast but staff helped us by giving us some bread and crossiants to take with us. This is a gem of a hotel and I highly recommend it. There was some traffic noise, but you are in the centre of London and it was not bad.	
Aug 23 2009 	Really enjoyed my stay	I stayed here for three nights over a weekend in July and I really enjoyed my stay. There's an entrance for Kings Cross tube station basically right outside the door and Kings Cross is of course one of the bigger busier stations, so getting to the hotel from Heathrow was easy for a tired traveller. Reception staff were friendly and check in was quick. I had a room on the third floor around the side of the hotel, so it wasn't that noisy. My room was a standard room and was plenty big enough - double/queen bed, enough room for my case and my friend's smaller bag. The bathroom was nice - shower over bath, as mentioned the screen only covers half the bath so it can be a little wet after a shower. Shower was excellent though! The bathroom door was a normal wooden door - have seen some reviews saying some rooms have a frosted glass door. Some basic toiletries were provided. Internet is provided via an LCD tv on the wall which is free of charge and easy to use. My rate included breakfast in the restaurant downstairs which was pretty good - one hot meal, tea or coffee and anything from the buffet. Newspapers were provided each morning. Tried out the coffee machine just to make a cup of tea - coffee, teabags and milk provided. Small fridge to store your own drinks. Room had a good strong airconditioner too, and from memory you could open the windows slightly. Hotel has a small entrance and you need your room card to get through to the lift. There is only one and it's a little slow so take the stairs if you don't have any bags. I only stayed three nights but really enjoyed my stay, it was a nice start to my trip. I would recommend this to anyone looking for somewhere nice and central to stay in London - check their website for a special rate though.	
Aug 21 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the megaro hotel in Aug for a weekend break to visit friends. After searching for a hotel on this website we found this hotel. We called the hotel to see if they had any rooms available and how much they charge. We found they had a discount rate for Aug so opted to book the executive double room. We arrived at Euston station and found the hotel which was a five minute walk. On arrival at the hotel we checked in very quickly and headed for the room, when we entered we were suprised to see how large the room was ( we have stayed in higher priced hotels and they have been just a pokey room ). There was everything you need in the room a coffee machine extra milk, bottled water, iron and ironing board. There bathroom was really nice and had a decent large shower that a 6ft 5ins person could fit under. The my wife says that the best was the large comfy bed. The hotel is so close to everything the tube is right outside the hotel so you can get around london from there easly. The hotel staff are really friendly and allowed us to store our suitcase in the room for the whole day. I would really recommend this hotel and would stay there again	
Aug 20 2009 	Absolutely loved this place!	Went away with a group of the girls for 3 nights in mid July and had to do a lot of research on London hotels as everyone had different budgets and different ideas as to what level of comfort they wanted. After a long search i found Megaro Hotel on trip advisor. Reviews and pictures looked great and after contacting the hotel for rates i was very happy to get a quote that fitted in with all of our budgets.We flew into Luton airport and got a shuttle bus straight to the train station and a train into st. pancreas station. We walked out of the station and were delighted to find out that the hotel was right across the road. Our rooms weren't ready as we arrived at around 10am but the helpful guy behind the front desk (don't know how to spell his name think it was Tahil or something like that sorry) put our luggage in the luggage room for us. Which left us free to explore London for the day with the kings cross tube station across the road. So handy!When we got to our rooms we fell in love. Lovely big double room with big bathroom, milk and bottled water provided in a mini fridge and also small safe and espresso machine. The air conditioning was brilliant as it was quite humid in london while we were there. Rooms were very clean too.There was a lovely night receptionist on named Suresh who served us drinks in the residents bar on the one night we decided to have a few drinks when we arrived back to the hotel.All in all we were so happy to find this hotel and will definitely be staying here again the next time i'm in London!	
Aug 18 2009 	Terrific location and comfy room	Can't beat the location - literally steps away from Kings Cross subway. Easy access to 3 subway lines, Eurostar (to Paris) and trains to other parts of UK. Room is spacious with nice shower.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great value location!	For the money, I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay in London. The icing on the cake was the location - steps away from very central tube station, we had great access to all London has to offer, and felt safe coming &amp; going at all hours. The St. Pancras / King's Cross station across the street was ideal in that many different tube lines intersect there, and there was an underground path to steps coming up right outside the Megaro. Staff was very helpful and accommodating - stored our luggage securely and free of charge for the full day while we were out sightseeing and enjoying London until our train left that evening.Only downsides to the hotel were (1) the shower wasn't fully enclosed, nor was there a &quot;lip&quot; to the shower floor, meaning that there was often a mess of water after all 3 girls had washed up and (2) there is a bit of street noise audible -- not an issue for me, but a light sleeper might have a problem.	
Aug 13 2009 	Brilliant stay  both location and staff perfect	This is a good hotel both for business and leisure travels. Close to tube and trains , helpful staff and nice , quite spacious rooms. Recommended!	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent location and helpful staff	I was upgraded on arrival to a spacious room with a double bed and double sofa bed, it had flat screen TVs in each bedroom area and workstation, and a spacious bathroom with shower / loo/ basin. Everything was new and spotless. The style is budget boutique, and it is a budget hotel so don't expect Egyptian linen and Molton Brown handwash, but everything is nicely turned out and kept in good order. Breakfast wasn't included and was £7.50 for a continental choice or about £13.50 for that plus hot breakfast. Not clear on the room menu but priced in the restaurant itself were individual hot items to buy.The location is superb, directly on the Euston Road exit to Kings Cross, so getting to and from the hotel by bus, train and tube is easy, including after a late night out. They also have a free luggage room to use once you've checked out before you leave London.Paying less than half the rack rate for a room via hotel booking sites, I would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great clean convenient hotel.	Booked a family room, beds were one double and two full size singles ( good job as our kids are 5ft 8 and 6ft 2 ). Lovely clean room with ample space and nice bathroom. Milk supplied daily and extra coffee for the coffee machine was provided free of charge, bowl of fruit provided on first day and newspaper free of charge on both days. Staff very efficient, friendly and quick. Room ready for us when we arrived at 11am on the first day which was very welcome! Kept our many bags for us on our last day as we didn't leave until the evening. Can't fault the service! Didn't try the breakfast and room alittle noisy at night, although we expected this with the hotel having such a central location.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good but not anything special	After staying at this hotel for 1 night I left with very mixed feelings. Check-in took forever even though there were 4 members of staff there and only one other customer checking in at the same time as me. Nothing was very clear as to what they wanted from me and communication was poor to say the least. Again I don't know what it is with London hotels but they dont seem very good at directing you to your room, yet alone the lift! I asked and they would only go as far as telling me where the lift was, poor if you ask me. The room itself was lovely and big, which is what I wanted as I chose an executive room. The bed was very comfy and the wooden floors were lovely. Again as others have said the glass door for the bathroom could cause a few issues for some people. The addition of free internet access was a bonus and it worked very well and quickly. As I was on the top floor there was still some noise but I could imagine it could be quite a big problem on lower levels as there is not single glazing. Also the blinds are not that effective in blocking out all of the light so those who like dark rooms may wish to look elsewhere. The breakfast in the morning was very good, although again reception were less than forthcoming with directions to their own dining space?!? The one waitress was brilliant although the service was slow as she literally was doing everything, again very poor for a hotel of this supposed standard. Average breakfast, but some nice fresh croissants though! Check out was fairly quick although the staff again made no real effort. Overall I felt a bit let down by the hotel only on the customer service front, it was poor to say the least. But if you can overlook this then its a good hotel with nice rooms that a clean, spacious and nicely decorated. I would however say that you can do a lot better for your money, such as the K+K George in Earls Court, same (if not cheaper) price but a much better hotel overall!	
Jul 25 2009 	excellent except the elevator	Just cross Euston road when you get out of St Pancras train station and there you are. The lobby is discreet but the room we got was great, nice bathroom, nice furnitures and nice paintings. Internet through TV is free of charge. The only issue was the elevator 'out of service'. Our room was on the 5th floor! A friend has been there one month later and was still not working...	
Jul 23 2009 	Pity For The Breakfast...	We spent a week end break at the Megaro Hotel, coming from Paris.As many other travellers pointed out, the hotel is very convenient if you travel with Eurostar because it’s literally opposite Saint Pancras train station.We asked for interconnecting rooms but the hotel said tehy could only give us adjacent rooms which we accepted.Only, when we arrived the rooms were not adjacent at all although in the same corridor.We decided not to complain : as we have a toddler of 2 we asked for quiet rooms which we got and they were indeed very calm.The rooms are decorated with taste and everything is brand new. The nice detail is the espresso machine with complimentary water and milk in the fridge. Being Italian I particularly appreciated that because it changes from the Nescafé and the kettle…We were helped with tube and buses by receptionists so there is absolutely nothing to complain.What we did not appreciate was the continental breakfast included in our plan : the advertising in the lift mentioned a selection but the staff said that if we wanted certain things it would be extra.We made clear that we had no intention to pay an extra for an oat porridge and in the end we could have it included in the plan.Overall the buffet is pretty mediocre and could really improve.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great addition to hotels near St Pancras	The hotel entrance is very discreet (it's next door to Barclays, directly across from Pancras Road). The lobby is tiny, but there is a nice bar at the back. Check-in wasn't particularly slick, but well-meaning. Accessing the lift to the rooms requires a room key (reassuring, Kings Cross is improving as an area, but lone women should still be cautious late at nght).The room itself was excellent: very large by London standards, and a particularly comfortable bed. The bathroom had a glass door which was only partially opaque: the WC is not visible, but potentially a bather would be visible by his/her travelling companion.....! There is free wifi, complimentary mineral water and a decent tv. The fridge is great, but as a tea drinker, I would have preferred a proper kettle as well as the espresso machine.London had been unusually hot that week, and the air conditioning was essential: it did take a while to get going, but was very effective eventually. We got a really good deal via Laterooms for a Friday night: will definitely stay here again.	
Jul 6 2009 	the cleanest hotel ever wonderful place to stay	I stayed one night friday 3rd July, our room was one of the best I have ever stayed in worldwide and I worked in 5 star hotels for 15 years ! it was spotless , very big and with a great bathroom. The hotel manager, a lady was very helpful and very professional. A rare thing now days. The hotel was very good value and I would recommend this hotel fully.	
Jul 5 2009 	Roomy modern hotel	We spent three nights here in late June and would recommend the Megaro to any London visitors. We arrived early from Paris (on the Eurostar ) so we could not check in immediately. The staff stored our luggage and we were able to use the lobby restrooms to change and wash up. The front desk staff all were helpful and attentive so no complaints there. Our reservation was made directly through the hotel website and was fair (109/night) but did not include breakfast, which is available in the hotel restaurant. However, we found a small bakery nearby, Patisserie Deux Amis on Judd St (5 minute walk, left on Euston, left on Judd) which had wonderful breads, pastries and coffee for a morning start. We also ate dinner locally at the Camino (spanish food) restaurant and it was delicious.We had two executive double rooms (one for us, one for teenagers) and each was spacious (as big as what we are accustomed to in the US), clean, well furnished and equipped with a large LCD TV, which doubled as a computer monitor. The built in Internet was handy, when it worked; the kids room remote keyboard did not work (they had a laptop so no bother) and our internet froze on the final day. There is also no printer so printing boarding passes has to be accomplished elsewhere.The beds were very comfy and while the bathrooms were good sized there were two quirks. First, there was a bit of a problem with getting cold water. After the first day, the cold water tap produced warm water only and we were told that a plumber was working on the entire system to correct. Better to have hot water and no cold, than vice versa, but it was a little annoying. Second, the bathroom in the kids room was fully glass enclosed with frosted glass from about two feet off the floor to five feet high. Just a little strange. None of this would stop us from staying here again.The metro is literally steps from the front door and St. Pancras (Eurostar station) was just across the street. Regarding the front door - it is easy to miss as the hotel &quot;footprint&quot; is very small. There is a currency conversion shop next door and its rates are very good, especially compared to the train station. Kings Cross is a major station so access to everywhere is pretty easy from this location. There is a 9 3/4 gate for Harry Potter fans in the Kings Cross station near platform 8 for the suburban trains - just ask the station staff and they will direct you to it. The British Library is just down Euston Rd a bit and has the Magna Carta and other interesting collections. Otherwise this is a hotel in a train station neighborhood which is trying to clean up and has mostly, but not totally succeeded in doing so.The rooms all had air conditioning, a safe, espresso machine, milk and a small fridge with milk. The beds were big and comfy, really comfy. The room key also is used as a master electric control for the room (which we have seen in some other European hotels). Place it in a slot by the door and only then do you have lights and a/c, etc. There was one fairly small elevator which worked, although there was a wait at times because housekeeping also used the hotel to move the days dirty linens and towels in huge bags.You can book this hotel with confidence and enjoy a big comfortable room at a good price. The staff will help you upon request and the whole of London awaits you through the Underground.	
Jun 23 2009 	Very convenient spotlessly clean and good value	We usually opt for the Novotel St Pancras for nearness to Kings Cross station for convenience but it had no availability for one night on our way back from a week's holiday in New York. We discovered the Megaro and booked via the internet. I was a bit dubious as we have experienced some poor hotels in the Kings Cross area in the past. The entrance was small and unassuming and at first we thought it was solely the restaurant entrance. We arrived at 1145 am, jetlagged after a long flight and then an hour on the tube from Heathrow so were disappointed that we couldn't check in until 2pm. They did let us leave our heavy cases though and we killed time, returning2 hours later. I liked the fact that you could not access the stairs and lift to the bedroom without using a room card. The room itself was 'superior' (I don't know how this differs from 'standard?') and although it's not huge it's minimalistic and very contemporary with everything provided that you need. Well thought out, with fabulous coffee maker, a fridge complete with a small bottle of milk, an electronic safe and very easy-to-use thermostat controls. Everything was spotlessly clean, the bathrom was lovely (and I'm fussy!) and the shower was brilliant. We were a bit concerned about traffic noise but didn't hear anything once we got into the very comfy bed and slept like logs! A free daily newspaper was outside our room (and all rooms) in the morning. The staff, who were Italian, were helpful and couldn't do enough. The continental breakfast which was included in our one night stay of £106 was perfectly sufficient, very nice and consisted of cereals, juice, croissants, rolls, cheese and ham. The only niggle in the breakfast room (downstairs restaurant) is that it was extremely cold, but I suppose that's a minor thing. This hotel was everything and more that we hoped for and we would definitely use it again and have no hesitation in recommending it.	
Jun 20 2009 	Excellent location very comfortable friendly safe for a family with 2 kids	We were a family with 2 daughters - 10 and 16. Spent 2 nights-1-2 Jun 09. Excellent and safe location in central London. Across the road from King's Cross tube station and St Pancras Int'l stn for Eurostar which we took for Paris. Sumptuous breakfast. Hot milk given on request. Cloak room near reception for keeping the bags. Staff not too conversant with English(seemed Italian or Spanish) though very helpful and one can manage even with this little handicap. We had a Quad room which was very spacious and also economical vis-a-vis 2 double occupancy rooms(Room#202). Good view of the road outside and King's Cross tube stn esp at night. Had done booking thru local Delhi-based agent who used Gullivers Travel Agents(GTA) software. No difficulties at all at check-in or chk-out. Room and bathroom adequately provided/stocked with amenities. Had an digital safe, electric kettle, iron, hair-drier, wi-fi connectivity (tv+remote used for surfing), LCD tv, fridge etc. Clean room and bed linen. Overall very comfortable stay and we would love to come back to this hotel.	
Jun 5 2009 	Never stayed in a better London hotel!	Location beside st. Pancreas station was great - comfort and space in bedroom fantistic, there was water and an espresso machine with fresh milk in fridge - absolutely everything you could need. Staff were absolutely great and nothing too much trouble from more coffee pods for the room to taxis and directions, the service was second to none and always with smile and humour!The street presence is quite small and easily missed if you don't know where to look and taxis often had'nt heard of it - but once found is a little gem of only about 50 rooms with all the charm, comfort and service of the large luxury hotels but with much more heart!	
Jun 3 2009 	Lovely room and excellent location	We stayed in this hotel over a weekend and cannot fault it as a base in London. We travelled via St Pancras, so the location is perfect for dropping off bags and travelling onwards by tube. The reception staff were very helpful, the lift worked (see previous reviews...) and we were very pleased with the room we had. It overlooked the back of the hotel and there were no traffic noise problems. Very comfortable bed, a decent bathroom and we appreciated the internet connection so we could check train departure times etc. On this visit we didn't use the bar or restaurant so can't comment on these facilities, however, we intend to use the hotel again on future visits to London	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location and room	We stayed in this hotel for only 1 night on European vacation. It was directly across the street from Kings Cross St. Pancras Rail/Tube station which was absolutely IDEAL. 5 min on the tube to go to Trafalgar Square (Tourist central) .Great value (approx 60 GBP) for a great room which was newly renovated. The shower was absolutely amazing...just like a spa. The room was quite small and there wasn't a lot of room for 2 suitcases but that's about the only complaint I have. Did not order room service or stay for breakfast because it was quite expensive in the restaurant but we went to a local bakery on our way out.For dinner there are great pubs and restaurants all along the street.Overall, excellent room for a great value if you are staying short term.	
May 29 2009 	Great value in London for a nice and clean hotel	We stayed 2 nights with a family of 6 (4 chidren aged 3 to 13). Overall excellent experience with a good value for London. We had a family room at £120 and a regular room at £90. Megaro is located on Euston street, right across King's Cross and St Pancras. Extremely convenient if you come through these stations since you literally cross the street, can drop your luggage and start the day! The flip side is the noise coming from Euston Road, which is a major axis and is very busy if not traffic jammed. Reception is not particularly friendly, but gets the job done. We had room in the front, and even with triple windows, you still hear the rumble (and actually can sometimes feel it!). A good pair of hear plug solved that problem for me, and the kids walked so much during the day that they went to sleep without even a little fight...Room are surprisingly large for a city hotel. The family room has a double bed, plus 2 single beds that are stored in cupboards. The single beds can accomodate adults. This hotel has been seriously renovated recently (I would say less than 5 years), and is maintained very clean. The bathroom have full polished glass panelling, and are not miles away from what you can find at the Metropolitan on Hyde Park for example. I would characterize the decor as trendy modern. TV with free internet is a plus, not very fast tough.Breakfast is served in the restaurant located in the basement. £7.5 buffet breakfast is good, and includes porridge, cereals, pastries, yougurt, ham and cheese, and freshly squeezed fruit juice. Eggs and other more elaborate dishes are extra. Service is nice, and prepared a botte for our 3 year old with a smile.There is really not much to be seen within walking distance of the hotel, but there is a tube station right in front of it. We had a bit of a hard time to find a place to eat diner for 6 after 7pm. Pizza express about 200m from the hotel is a good family choice, but long queue after 7pm. The first night we ended up eating at the &quot;bar&quot; which serves soups, salads and main dishes. Very glad it was there, but portions are not huge. There is a Burger King next door for truly desperate situations.Overall, an excellent base for exploration in London. Plenty of buses can bring you back to the hotel in the evening, and it is so much more fun with the kids than riding the tube in the morning...	
May 27 2009 	Great location - Excellent Value	We arrived at this hotel early in the morning from Australia and as it was fully booked the previous night the room was not available until at least 1.00pm. The reception staff were very friendly and offered us an area at the end of the bar to open our luggage and to change our clothes in the ground floor bathrooms before storing our luggage. We were also offerd coffee by the recption staff. The rooms at this hotel are very modern, the bed was extremely comfortable, the shower was great and the room was air conditioned and fitted with a safe. All this at a very reasonable tariff.We left early so did not sample the breakfast but there is a wide range of good eateries opposite in St Pancras stationWe would definitely return to this hotel.	
May 22 2009 	Unwelcoming	Very unfriendly reception, unhelpful, disinterested receptionist was too busy chatting to a friend to serve us!The restaurant was being cleaned when we turned up for dinner we were offered a table in an empty room that turned out to be the worlds most uninteresting bar there were no other customers.The windows would not open they were locked shut. The air conditioning would not work and when we complained we were told it was sunday and no-one could fix it it until Monday if we were lucky.This was a very expensive awful experience I would not recommend this hotel if it was the last one in London it claims to be 4 star that is a joke and a sick one at that.	
May 17 2009 	Upgrade! Woohoo! Great location for Eurostar!	We arrived and were upgraded to the deluxe room as we are honeymooning. The deluxe room was huge, really massive for London! The coffee machine was great, great view of Kings Cross station and so convenient for our travels to France on the Eurostar and no train noise whatsoever. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was clean, nice and modern. Staff were very helpful - they printed out tickets for us. Would recommend this hotel, especially for those using the Eurostar. Had a great stay and the staff were lovely!	
Apr 30 2009 	LOVE this hotel!	We stayed at the Megaro on our last night. Wish we would have found it earlier! The room was large, very modern, and the bath was great! The bed and pliiows were the most comfortable we stayed in! The hotel was quiet as well-good when you've been gone from home for 10 days! The train station is right across the street, which makes travel easy! My only complaint was that the &quot;bartender&quot; did not what he was doing. He told us he had never even drank a beer and did not have any recommendations-OK. It would be nice if they had someone a little more experienced in that area.Otherwise, great stay. I will visit this hotel again!	
Apr 28 2009 	Excellent hotel. Shame about rude staff!	The hotel is in an excellent location, and if you pre-book is not a bad price. The rooms were exceptionally clean and very large.One big problem is the bath tub. The side of it to climb out of was stupidly high, and for anyone shorter than about 5ft 9 would likely cause real problems with wet feet.We had a great time until we 'overstayed' our welcome. On the day we were checking out we used the lastminute.com booking slip as our reference, which stated 12 midday as checkout time. At about 11 we got a reasonably rude call to the room telling us we has overstayed and should immediately check-out as checkout was earlier. When we got to the reception desk we queried the booking form with them, and a lady that had previously had nothing to do with us (and was sat in the office on her hotmail) came out and very rudely told us that we were wrong and lastminute had made a mistake - she made it feel like WE should be in charge of telling their booking agent, and that it was nothing to do with them!Other than that, very good.	
Apr 26 2009 	Just right to make you feel comfortable!	Excellent hotel, fantastic location, friendly stuff, very cosy spacious room, contemporary design with an appreciation for details, but without overdoing it. Just right to make you feel comfortable! I also appreciate the wooden floors and white linen, free in-room internet, deluxe coffee-machine and the daily refill of still and sparkling water. The beds are huge, but the mattress was for my standards a little too soft. However, without any doubts my favourite hotel choice in London.	
Apr 24 2009 	Ideal location for an early start on the Eurostar	Great hotel with really helpful staff and spotless rooms. The only issue was problems with the thermostat in the morning - the water was too hot to shower and no cold water to clean teeth! However, well worth staying here if you're off early on the Eurostar - just across the road.	
Apr 23 2009 	A WONDERFUL SURPRISE	We stayed here for 2 days in April and picked it primarily for the location because we were headed to Paris via Eurostar. TIP: We got a great rate including full breakfast right on their website that beat all other sites prices. I arrived a bit nervous because 2 days before the trip they emailed me to confirm my reservation was for a single (which it was not) and that there were only rooms with double beds available. I wrote back to say a double bed was really not acceptible since I had a reservation stating I booked a room with twin beds and listed the number of guests. I was travelling with a teenage daughter who tosses a lot and I am a light sleeper. They said would get me an extra bed and I assumed it would a be a roll away cot. I appreciated them doing their best to fix a terrible mix up but the idea of putting a roll away into what I imagined would be small city hotel room was a bit nerve wracking. Well I was SO WRONG they instead upgraded us to room with a separate seating area that had a double pull out couch (Which a very thick and nice mattress not one of those ones where you feel the springs through). In general the room was a great size, larger than we expected (even minus the 'sitting area' ). The upgrade made our day but without that I still have to say the beds were VERY comfortable, everything was in beautiful new condition, I loved the Expresso machine , the bathroom was huge (not sure if that was just in the upgraded room or not) and the staff was very helpful. We were worried about Kings Cross being a bit out of the center of things but is was so easy to get around. We'll definitely chose it again if we make it back to London.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent hotel	Excellent hotel for a leisure weekend in London. The underground is just in front of the main door, and St. Pancras station is at 5 minutes from the center. Huge rooms with ultra modern design and high quality materials (have the most confortable bed I've ever seen). Highly recommended !!!	
Apr 21 2009 	Pricey but worth it	A bir pricey at £120 per night but if you want to avoid a dodgy place and make sure you stay somewhere convenient, clean and close to the train station then Megaro is the best :)	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location for Eurostar station	We stayed here on 9 April for one night before travelling on the early Eurostar to Paris. It is literally across the road from St Pancras Station, so incredibly convenient. Food in the restaurant is excellent but unfortunately did not open until 7 am for breakfast, which was too late for us. The rooms are comfortable but quite small, however we were staying overnight only so it was not a problem. The only real criticism; the shower screen is not wide enough and the bathroom floor tends to get very wet! If you are staying for longer it might be worth paying more for the better rooms because we did suffer slightly from street noise, not enough to keep us awake all night, but enough to be disturbed.	
Apr 19 2009 	Almost perfect	Stayed at the Megaro this weekend with my boyfriend for one night. The location was fantastic. Right next to the tube station so within seconds of leaving the hotel you could be on the tube to anywhere in London. Also just down the road from St Pancras so really useful for getting the train back home. We were able to leave our luggage with the hotel after checking out so didn't have to lug it around the city all day. The hotel was almost perfect. Really comfy bed, free tv and internet and a really cool jukebox kind of thing on the tv! Room was very minimalist and the wall to the bathroom is glass and completely see through! Not a prob for me and my boyfriend but might be a bit awkward if with family! Was very clean which is always a big thing for me. The only little niggles I had were we didn't have any milk in the fridge so we had to ask a maid for some before we could have a cup of tea, and we were only given one bottle of water. Could have done with more (especially with a hangover!) although seeing as it was complimentary suppose I can't really complain. To sum up great location, reasonably priced, plenty of complimentary things and really lovely hotel. Would def stay again.	
Apr 16 2009 	Almost perfect - big room clean good service	I was there earlier April, it's close to train/bus station, very convenience, service is super good and the staffs are helpful~~ The room is very big and clean and the bed is confortable, also, I enjoy the free wifi and little thing is that a bit noise, but it's ok.	
Apr 15 2009 	A Perfect Last Day in London	Excellent location - right next to St. Pancras/ King's Cross station. The staff are all very friendly and helpful - they even gave me a message my friend left for me the night before before i checked in; on another occasion, i couldn't find the phone (because it looks really modern and is only this small, minimalist, rectangular thing at the corner of the wall) and decided to go down to the reception to ask about it, but as i was waiting for the elevator a staff member casually asked if i was happy about the room and i told him about the missing phone. He immediately went to my room to show me where it was even though he seemed to be in a hurry to some duty.ABSOLUTELY loved the free internet access inside my own room. The shower was great too. I checked the floor plan and it seemed that i had the smallest room on the whole floor but it already felt spacious enough. And there's an expresso machine inside the room too.The entrance of the hotel is quite small so some might miss it by mistake.	
Mar 29 2009 	Loved it!	I booked Eurostar for a day trip but to get the £59 deal it meant having to stay in London the night before so that we could check in at 5.45 am. I can't actually remember how I came across this hotel but so glad I did. The hotel itself is just across the road from Kings Cross and St Pancras and probably the most attractive business in sight. Location wise you really couldnt find anything closer.I booked directly on the hotel's website as this seemed to be the cheapest at £79 including VAT. When booking I asked if we could have a quiet room which is probably a bit optimistic in Kings Cross area but they accomodated my request and placed us in a bedroom on the 6th floor which was not directly overlooking the Euston Road. The room was HUGE. There was a separate lounge area with a big sofa, flat screen TV and wardrobe which had in it mini bar with two bottles of water and fresh milk, an espresso machine, iron and ironing board. In the bedroom area again there was another LG flat screen TV and then there was a huge bathroom which was beautifully decorated. I had booked a table for dinner but we decided to go to the bar for a quick drink first, The bar is cosy and seems to get a few regulars who are commuting back home from London. The barman was very friendly and service was great,We went downstairs to the restaurant where I have to say I probably had the nicest dinner I have ever experienced out of all my years of dining in London. The menu itself was a great menu with varied choice and reasonable prices. I chose the halibut and my boyfriend the lamb. Both were exquisite. We both then chose chocolate fondant dessert for dessert. The atmosphere was very buzzy with hotel guests and people who were not staying there dining there. I would go there again in a heartbeat.I would certainly stay at Megaro again. Value wise it was amazing.	
Mar 23 2009 	Disapointed	I booked this hotel through expedia and expected the price online to be the total. However, the hotel added Tax - VAT? so it was an extra £10, breakfast was not included. They left a paper outside the room door, which was good, then charged us for it! The lift was not working and 4 flights of stairs were hard to negotiate with luggage.The shower had loads of jets which was nice but no shower door so flooded the bathroom!I am cross as I left a radio behind and this has not been handed in.The good things were the bed was really comfy and large, we overlooked the main road but the room was really quiet, the temperature was just right. Nice TV and wireless internet for free.	
Mar 11 2009 	absolutely OK!	hotel is absolutely ok.very good location, easy to access from heathrowrooms are small but have avery cool shower and everything else you need for a 8-hour sleep,even free internet via TV and tea and coffee!i will stay there again for sure... just try to get a room on the lower floors since that lift never seems to work.	
Mar 3 2009 	Most Comfortable Bed - Ever!	I have just returned from a 2 night stay in the Megaro hotel and I would highly recommend this hotel. The hotel is situated directly across the road from the entrance to the King's cross station - it is easily accessable from an underground tunnel that will bring you to the door of the hotel! True the King's cross area is not the most picturesque area of London by a long shot but it is a good location for sightseeing in London. We went there for an Arsenal game - the Emirates stadium is only 3 stops away. Anyway back to the hotel - from the outside it is nothing much - tucked away between Burger king and a bureau de change. The reception area is quite small with a bar/dining area next to it. We stayed in room 402 on the 4th floor - the room itself was huge - a large double bed and also the capacity to fit 2 more people with 2 pull out beds hidden in 2 wardrobes - there would be plenty of room for 4 to share this room. The bathroom had a bath and shower and interestingly the sound from the television also was piped through to the bathroom from the large flat screen TV in the bedroom. Also in the bathroom they provide fluffy bathsheets rather than the miserable little affairs that some hotels think pass for a towel! The decor of the bedroom and the hotel in general is very understated with a lot of use of pale wood and frosted glass - very minimalist in design and very easy to keep clean. The bed itself was one of the most comfortable beds (besides my own!) that I have ever slept in with lovely crisp white sheets - they use down filled pillows and quilts so bear that in mind if you have allergies. The windows were quite well insulated against the noise of Euston road- you will hear some noise during the night but it is quite muffled and I don't think that it is at a level that would prevent anyone from sleeping.Continental breakfast was ample with a good enough choice served in their basement restaurant - very good quality fruit juice and raspberry jam! Dinner is also available in the restaurant.Our room was also equipped with an espresso machine and fridge.The only downside to this hotel was the fact that the lift was not working during our stay which meant we had to climb 4 flights of stairs after a day spend walking around London not the best way to end the day! The hotel staff made it sound as though it was a recent problem but I only just discovered from reading other reviews just now that it appears as though the lift has been out of order since at least the start of February which isn't really acceptable for a 4 star hotel.All in all - I would recommend this hotel for a short break in London.	
Feb 19 2009 	Incredible rooms clean centrally located nice price	This was a very pleasant find! Thanks to the reviewers in TripAdvisor that included pictures and their experiences, we found a gem in London.The rooms really do look like in the pics. It is clean and centrally located. It cost less than our B&amp;B in York and I will go back again. It is trendy, the rooms are quite large, modern, free espresso, plasma TVs with internet. Loved it!The check-in was incredibly fast but the woman was not very friendly (shame). The rest of the staff was accomodating and cordial.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great location; bathroom needs work	The Megaro has a fantastic location, just over the road from St. Pancras and Kings Cross stations, though it is wedged somewhat unprepossessingly between a bureau de change and a Burger King. My room was very spacious, tastefully fitted out, with a comfortable bed and an espresso machine. Very good value at a low weekend rate. Some quibbles, though. The shower cubicle in the bathroom had a pebble-effect floor, which had been patched up several times with sealant; the rest of the bathroom was floored in laminate which had become warped and was lifting away from its base. The lift was also not working and wasn't repaired in the 24 hours I was there. The hotel had been open less than 12 months, according to the reception.	
Feb 3 2009 	Great room but some small improvements to make excellent	Found this hotel through Laterooms.com and got a bargain - absolutely fantastic value for money. The hotel was smart, clean, beautifuly decorated and the location was perfect! Literally 20 yards to Kings Cross underground and station, and right opposite St Pancras.When we first arrived we were booked in quickly and the staff were friendly and professional. We were given our room key and found out we were on the top (5th) floor, and then told that the lift was out of order! They did offer to carry our bags for us though. 10 flights of stairs later and we finally got to our room.... well worth every step! We had booked a standard but when we checkedo ut it turned out we had been upgraded to a deluxe room! Very nice, but there were a couple of small problems. When we first arrived, there was no heating in our room so it was really cold but after turning the thermostat on it quickly got warm - too warm! There was no plug for the bath but a quick phone call to reception soon sorted that out. It was a little noisy but not too bad - however if we had been lower down it may have been an issue.Would definately stay there again but only at a discounted rate. I wouldn't pay full rate for this hotel!	
Feb 1 2009 	Good location and friendly place	The hotel is very handy for kings cross (overnight business trip). The restaurant is reasonable in price and selection. The room was clean and comfortable although a little quirky with the phone located on the far side of the very large room. The room had two 32&quot; flat screen TVs. Freeview was available but no on demand services which were out of order. The slightly complicated coffee machine failed to work. Free wifi was available throughout. The staff were efficient and helpful. One major problem is there is only one lift and it was broken down so people on the 6th floor had quite a climb. On arrival on the floor there are no direction signs to the rooms so unless you know exactly where to go a little exploration is required. Otherwise its very pleasant and will if possible stay there again.	
Dec 13 2008 	Noise!!	This hotel is in an excellent location for St Pancras International and Kings Cross stations. The room was very spacious and modern and potentially good value. The modern ensuite had glass doors and some folks do like a bit of privacy when on the loo!! I also found the shower a little complicated to use and had some difficulty getting into the very high side of the bath to stand under the shower. However, all this was of little significance when we tried to get to sleep. We had a beautiful room at the front of the hotel but the window glazing leaves a lot to be desired. The noise from Euston Road is unbelievable. There was traffic noise, people shouting and continual sirens all night. Several times during the night I got up just to check a window had not been left open. At one point the sirens were so loud, I began to wonder if it was the hotel fire alarm. As a result we had very minimal sleep. The hotel could easily remedy the situation with a little double glazing. Anyone booking this hotel should insist on a rear room.	
Dec 5 2008 	convenient location and clean rooms but nothing special	I booked a room based on decent reviews here, and because we wanted to stay near King's Cross station for travel convenience. The price was right -- certainly reasonable for London. But the room was extremely small and we had trouble regulating the temperature. Despite turning down the thermostat, the room was terribly overheated, and we ended up having to leave the window open all night. We've stayed at a number of other London hotels, and perhaps we're spoiled, being accustomed to much more posh accommodations -- but I admit, you do have to pay quite a bit more for that poshness. So for the price, the Megaro is O.K. But I wouldn't give it high marks for anything but what it is: a handy stop for travelers who need access to the train system.	
Nov 30 2008 	Getting overpriced	I often have business in this part of London and decided to give this hotel a try as a new entrant to the market. Generally, I was quite impressed but the posted rates seem high for the location and market and the internet rate I got was higher than the tripadviser average. OK - but this is not a really special hotel. It is right across the street from St Pancras and Kings Cross. Despite the heavy traffic, the sound insulation is very good and I had an undisturbed night. The room was very spacious and modern in decor, although I would not be a fan of sharing it - the bathroom was in the contemporary style with a glass front that had a very narrow opaque band to preserve the privacy of one's personal activities. Good shower, but a high side to the bath so it wouldn't suit anyone with any degree of hip problem. The espresso machine was a nice idea but needed better instructions - I could only get a dribble of discoloured water out of it. Front desk were friendly and efficient. Didn't try the breakfast - there are nicer-looking places within St Pancras.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great for a Eurostar Stopover	This is a great hotel for anyone needing a stopover in london before using the eurostar like ourselves, i probably wouldn't recommend it as a leisure break stop hotel in london, simply as i feel it lacks any kind of personality or warmth. As other reviews say it is directly opposite kings cross (our room overlooked it) so is very convenient. check in was quick and easy, not overly fussy we were directed toward the lift that was it (we wernt told what floor are room was on or offered any help). Rooms were clean and tidy, very good tv with internet function (keyboard is very niggly). I can see the decor looking very tired and dated in a couple of years yet at the moment looks as new as it is. Workmanship is questionable such as the finishing touches look rushed and botched in places. We couldn't get any cold water in our bathroom both taps produced hot water which was a pain. however the price is very good for london and being that its so convenient to kings cross and st pancras you cant complain to much. I would stay here again if we need a stopover for the eurostar again.	
Nov 20 2008 	very solid find in Kings Cross	The Megaro is directly - and I mean directly - across from Kings Cross station, and thus hugely convenient both for that station and St Pancras next door (and for the British Library, my own destination). It is on Euston Road, which is noisy, busy, and filled with the &quot;youts&quot; of various nations - that said, two blocks to the south you are well into Bloomsbury, home of good pubs and restaurants and the British Museum. The hotel itself provides shelter from the Euston Road storm; desk staff were efficient and friendly. I didn't use the bar (24 hours, supposedly) or restaurant, but they looked fine. My room was off the front and quite quiet - good array of toys and conveniences (expresso machine, high pressure shower (pretty good for the UK!), flat screen TV, free wireless, fridge, safe) and certainly big enough to spread out a bit. All in all a good stay - while the neighborhood might be wearing for a long stay, for a night or two, or if you don't mind walking, this can be good value for money and a comfortable hideaway. And for an overnight to or from a Eurostar train, it would be hard to beat.	
Nov 7 2008 	Excellent stopover	This hotel is clean, modern and very comfortable. We stayed for one night before catching the Eurostar and I would highly recommend it. The location is ideal, literally across the road from St Pancras. The staff were extremely helpful and all spoke good English (a rarity in London hotels these days, from what I can gather!)As a family of 4 with two young children aged 5 and 3, we had booked a family room. The children slept on good quality beds that pulled down from the wall (already set up). There was still sufficient space in the room even with 2 single beds and a 5-ft main bed. The room also offered a flat screen TV, free internet access via a wireless keyboard, a pod-type coffee machine (didn't seem to be working properly as very slow), complimentary milk (for the coffees) and water. At check-in we were advised that everything in the room was free except chargeable movies - it was nice to have that certainty. The bathroom was also modern with a range of nice toiletries offered and the shower had good pressure. We didn't try out the restaurant at all.I would definitely stay here again if catching an early morning Eurostar out of St Pancras.	
Oct 27 2008 	What a pleasant surprise!	Spent a night there before catching an early train to France. The service was exceptional, rooms clean, spacious and new. Loved the bathrooms. It is an oasis in the middle of Kings Cross.	
Oct 22 2008 	Mega fab!	My family and I stayed one night here before heading to Disneyland Paris the following morning. The hotel was clean and comfortable. They provided a cot bed for my daughter and there were still room to move around! I especially liked the use of the free internet (with a wireless keyboard) and Wifi. The Tv on the wall was great too! Breakfast was including but it was a very basic contenential breakfast, cheese, bread and ham. Cooked breakfast was charged extra. St Pancreas station was very close by, we walked there with one large suitcase and a pushchair. All in all the stay was very good.	
Oct 16 2008 	Very good stay at Megaro	Slightly dubious that there might be a lot of noise at night when booking this hotel, but was reassured by reading other reviews. Having asked for a quiet room when booking (and got a great deal at £99 for one night double room), I was very well pleased with the hotel and facilities.A small problem with the TV was immediately fixed by the staff, and the room and bathroom was very clean and stylish. Loved the jukebox feature on the TV as well - a great range of music available to suit all tastes. Would definintely stay here again, and recommend to people wanting a convenient base from which to explore London.	
Sep 24 2008 	Lovely Hotel	This was the second time we stayed at this hotel. I chose it for its close proximity to St Pancras (we were supposed to be travelling on Eurostar the next day but it was closed due to the fire).The staff at the hotel rang while we were on the train to check we were still coming - apparently lots of people had cancelled due to the Eurostar problems.We were given a lovely room on the top floor with great bathroom, which made up for not going on Eurostar - we got a flight to Paris from Heathrow (expensive though and we weren't covered by our insurance).We hadn't had the breakfast on our last stay but decided to go for it this time - it was good with plenty of choice.The staff were really helpful and friendly, and we will definitely be back for another visit.	
Sep 22 2008 	Ideal for Eurostar travellers	Stayed one night at The Megaro before taking Eurostar to Paris, used some airmiles so there was no cost involved. Having seen some of the seedier type hotels in London, was pleasanly surprised, there was a good welcome from the staff. The room was large, and the bathroom really good, there was a great shower!..Breakfast was excellent, and the young lady serving was really happy and helpful.We were sorry we did not have dinner there the previous evening, as we had a somewhat mediocre meal at St Pancras station.It is ideally situated for Eurostar, just across the road, couldn't be easier.	
Sep 18 2008 	Fanastic hotel!	We stayed in this hotel the night before we travelled on the Euro star.When we got there we were upgraded to a fab room with a view over king's cross.We paid a rate of £109 not ncluding breakfast.Three year old had her own bed and baby was in a travel cot.Room had coffee machine swing around chairs huge bathroom and big fluffy towels.Staff were very helpfull during our stay.Breakfast was expensive.	
Sep 15 2008 	Finally a nice affordable hotel in London	I just spent two nights at Megaro Hotel and was impressed. It was my first time in London with my daughter (17 months) so I was looking for somewhere nicer since we would be spending more time than usual in the room. Finding somewhere decent and affordable seemed like an impossible task at first but then I found a 120 £ per night deal on the hotel's website and decided to go for it. The hotel is modern and clean. Our room was on the top floor and for a standard room it was huge. It had a slightly separated closet area which we used as a baby room. They provided a cot and were very child friendly in general (which can't be said of every hotel...). They even brought us extra milk for the baby! The bathroom was amazing! Breakfast wasn't the cheapest but the waitress was adorable and they had a highchair for the baby. If you don't want to have breakfast there, there is a delicious French bakery on Judd street (I believe it's called &quot;Les deux amies&quot;). As far as the noise is concerned it is true: our room was right on Euston Road and it did get quite noisy, but it was manageable. No noise coming from the other rooms though, which would have annoyed me much more. The area isn't particularly nice or posh but I wouldn't decribe it as dodgy. I got home by myself with the baby around 9 pm on the second night and felt completely safe. Plus Russel Square and the British Museum are just a 20 minute walk away. Toward the end of Judd Street (perpendicular to Euston RD, a couple of 100 m from the hotel, about a 5 minute walk from the Megaro) there is a very nice open air shopping center with plenty of stores, restaurants and even a cinema. I don't exactly recall the name but it was something like &quot;Brunswick Center&quot;. We had lunch there on the first day and coffee in the sun on Sunday. Couldn't have asked for more. There are plenty of other restaurants and pubs in the British Museum area, an easy walk or a cheap taxi ride from the hotel. So all in all if somewhere vaguely affordable, nice and pretty central is what you're looking for, go for the Megaro!	
Sep 9 2008 	Really good convenient hotel	I agree with all the positive reviews. I stayed here for 2 nights on business. I asked for and got a quiet room which was nice and large and light.Good things to note were the helpfulness of the staff, the free internet access and great quality food via room service.I booked this hotel because my usual choice (the Whitehall Hotel on Montague Street) was full, but this will be my first choice in future.	
Sep 5 2008 	Good quality	The Megaro is located opposite Kings Cross train station on Euston Road. Convenient for those travelling to/from London via this station. It's location however, means that if you have a front facing room then the busy traffic on Euston Road will likely disturb your sleep in the morning. The windows aren't double glazed so when the traffic noise starts up at about 7a, it sounds like you're right on the street.Other than that though the rooms are a reasonable size with new and modern decor.The staff are friendly and courteous. The rooms are also clean. So it ticks all the boxes for as far as stay was concerned.Breakfast wasn't cheap - £13 for a full cooked breakfast. The quality seemed ok. No issues there. The area around Kings Cross isn't the greatest though - a bit dodgy. It took us 10 minutes to find a restaurant (any restaurant) - an Italian place where the food tasted like i cooked it. Yes, it was that bad.Overall this hotel is worth staying at if you need to be in the area around Kings Cross. Otherwise though, I'd stay clear of the area altogether and stay somewhere else in London with more stuff going on and a bit safer.	
Sep 3 2008 	Superb hotel	This hotel was a complete and welcome surprise! We stayed with out two children (9 and 13) and had a GREAT time. The staff was very professional and helpful and they held our bags when we arrived at 7:45am, and we checked in later in the day. The room was very large with a superbly appointed bathroom. The bedding was exceptional, and changed regularly during our stay, as were the luxurious towels, which were provided for each person in the room. The air conditioning worked wonderfully, and the double pane window system made the traffic a distant mumble. The hotel was literally feet from the Underground station, and there were plenty of restaurants in the area. This was a remarkable find in London and we thought it was an exceptional value for the price. We felt perfectly safe there, and the free unlimited Internet access through the room's large flat panel TV was very helpful.	
Aug 26 2008 	Megaro Hotel Great Hotel near Kings Cross	We spent one night at the Megaro Hotel and it was a great hotel and we good a great rate (99 pounds for double). The room was larger than all the other London hotels we stayed in). The room was very modern with room for all our bags to be opened without putting them on the bed. They even had wash cloths!! The bed was very comfortable. The hotel is just across the street from both Kings Cross station (for train to Edinburgh) and St Pancaras (for EuroStar to Paris). They only issue we had was there was no sign out side of the hotel - they said it was on order. There is a sign for the Megaro Restaurant and Bar. So, I went in and found the hotel lobby to the left of the restaurant entrance. Breakfast is not included, if you want it, be prepared to spend $25. We skipped it and went down the street to McDonalds.	
Aug 8 2008 	Perfect Stay	I seriously love this hotel! We booked last minute at the height of tourist season and were able to stay over a week in their double executive suite. We had a great view of the beautiful St. Pancras Station. A paper every morning and expresso machine in room...although ours was leaking due to a faulty o-ring. What can ya do about those things. Anything we needed we got straight away.Wi-fi is available in room and also access through the LG flat screen television. All and all this was a great stay and I would absolutely stay here again. I should mention that travel via the tube is extremely convenient as you are right across from King's Cross Station (very central).Friendly staff who helped squeeze us in when we extended our stay!	
Jul 31 2008 	Recommended highly especially for Eurostar Terminal	Stayed here both before and after a Eurostar trip. The place could not be better - located, immediately across the street therefrom. But beware ! - it's an older building right next door to Burger King so not easy to spot at first.It proved a totally excellent place to stay in every respect.The food was of a particularly high standard - no need to eat out, although there's the Betjeman Gastropub and Carluccio's opposite.Bathrooms are very modern and well-fitted with luxury toiletries [and in some much on display !!] but splashproofing of power showers and the wooden bath surrounds not too effective.	
Jul 28 2008 	Rooms are lovely but..........	Booked a Deluxe room as a treat for my husband and I. I was a little disappointed on arrival as i had to go to reception to ask for robes, slippers, complimentary water, wine and petit fours.... as they were not in room on arrival as promised on their hotel website. Never did see the &quot;petit fours&quot; or wine... as they didnt seem to have a clue as to what i was talking about!!! The room was great( clean and tidy), coffee machine was easy to use,and bed was very comfy.We didnt eat in the restaurant as thought £13.50 was a bit expensive for breakfast. The hotel is in a great spot for kings cross/st pancras as they are only across the road.Just make sure that if you book a deluxe room you receive the complementary items listed!	
Jul 16 2008 	Good quality	Very sensibly I checked out the reviews on Tripadvisor before booking a hotel in the Euston/King Cross area - and I was really pleased with the choice I made.....so thank you all previous reviewers.This is a really nice hotel. The outside - located between a couple of fast food outlets, a bank, and a post office isn't particularly striking - but once inside it's a haven. My room, on the corner of the building, directly overlooked King's Cross Station, was spacious and very comfortable. Nice, simple, tasteful decor with good lighting. Flat screen TV gave excellent free internet access once I'd figured it out (some written instructions would be useful) - but they also supplied an ethernet cable free of charge for my laptop. Bowl of fresh fruit and big bottle of water was appreciated. Bed and pillows were very comfortable, and the double glazing and air-conditioning meant that I had a quiet night's sleep at a comfortable temp.Bathroom was lovely - although I do wonder how long the timber frame around the bath area will last without beginning to look grimy? One downside - when checking out the settings on the shower I managed to squirt water directly into my eye from one of the many squirters - and because I couldn't reach in to switch it all off without having water blasting into my face, I soaked myself and part of the bathroom! So, be warned, don't play with the settings until you're undressed and standing in the bath! Quick note about the restaurant in the basement (-1 in the lift). I tried the taster menu and it was really, really good, tasty food well-prepared.So - overall, a hit! I'll stay again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic hotel fantastic location	This hotel is absolutely fantastic, both in terms of location, being opposite the Eurostar St Pancras and Kings Cross entrances and also in terms of decor and luxury. I would go back tomorrow!!	
Jul 2 2008 	superb	This is a superb new hotel right opposite Kings Cross. The rooms are very well kitted out with the best of equipment. The hotle restraunt provides amazing dishes at not unreasonable prices. The continental breakfast was well balanced and provided good choice. Found this hotel by accident but will return the next time I am in London	
Jun 20 2008 	2nd visit and superb	This is my second trip to Megaro and I have to be honest - FANTASTIC. My wife loves the Gilchrist &amp; Soames wash bags that are supplied in the rooms and comp to take away. The rooms are spacious and very well finished. Since staying here on my last visit I didn't bring my laptop because I can access my email via the flat screen TV and it's FREE. No charge - brillant if your company frowns on paying £15 - £20 for internet like mine does.The best thing is that you can be anywhere in London in 10 mins and at Eurostar checkin in under 2 mins.Had dinner and paid £15.50 for 2 courses. Service was attentive and food was fantastic and beautifully presented. The best risotto I've ever tasted.	
Jun 7 2008	Excellent Hotel in great location	I booked this hotel for a special weekend with my friends without the kids.I was given a very big room with wooden floors and a big bathroom, the toiletries come in a nice bag ideal to take home, big LCD TV. The staff at reception recommended the restaurant at check in and we decided to try it before going out the food was great and very reasonable price.Great location just across the road from St Pancras.	
May 28 2008 	Unprofessional..........	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night before a journey on Eurostar. Excellent location to St Pancras &amp; Kings Cross. The gentlemen at check in was extremely polite, friendly and professional. After his shift had finished then the customer service went severely down hill. Our room was fine for 2adults and 1 child. Beds were very comfy. The let down was that there was a limit on the volume of the tv which was located next to the window....with all the traffic noise it was difficult to hear! Great shower but a bit faddy to work out. As one of the other reviewers said the shower screens do not stop the water from going all over the bathroom floor. The whole bathroom ends up being the shower which surely is going to cause to some serious problems!Breakfast....well this was an experience. Strange restaurant/breakfast room. We were the only people having breakfast and it felt quite impersonal. There were 2 staff members just stood around and its quite a small room...no music or other noise so you feel almost like you cant talk. For a 4 star hotel the food was a massive let down. As previously mentioned very little choice. We started with grapefruit juice which was off as it had started to fizz. When we sent it back the staff tried to argue with us that it wasn't off. My partner has been a chef for 22 years working at well known hotels such as the Landmark &amp; Browns and has worked for the prime minister. He now teaches chef's so think he should know! Then the milk jug was all stained inside and when we showed this to the waitress she said that it wasn't dirty!! (white jug with brown stains) and was really rude. Next minute the chef came out and they were all quite obviously talking about us. My daughter of 7 got poached eggs on toast which came laden with sea salt! Not good for a child...an option of this would of been welcomed.Upon our checkout we decided to ask for the manager. This guy appeared who we had seen earlier walking through the breakfast room with a plate of cooked breakfast(very professional). His appearance for management staff of a 4 star hotel was a big suprise and some personal presentation skills need to be looked at here. We said that we just wanted to let him know of our bad experience so that they can prevent this from happening again. It isn't good for a new hotel to have too many complaints and was hoping that he would appreciate our feedback. Far from it, He was smarmy and again tried to argue (obviously been filled in by the previous unprofessional staff). He didn't even want to apologise...what happened to the customer is always right. This man was so clever about it all. We didn't even get a good bye when we left.Big shame about this place as the location and rooms are spot on(with only some minor adjustments needed). The big problem is the staff and services provided.	
May 2 2008 	OK but not 4-star	This is a very new hotel directly opposite St Pancras / Kings Cross. It is advertised as a 4-star hotel, with a rack rate of £330 per night, but there is currently a promotional offer on for £110 per night. I will say upfront that there is no way that this is 4-star. I would happily stay here every time for up to £150, as it is extremely well-located, but there is no way it could ever be worth £300+ per night.The drop-off outside is not terribly convenient, on the main Euston Road - very busy traffic.The lobby is quite narrow, leading to a darkish bar. Check-in was very smooth, although they seemed to have trouble with the chip and pin, and finally resorted to typing in the credit card number.The lift was tiny - 2 people with a suitcase each would pretty much fill it. Rooms were a reasonable size with good storage. However, it took ages to change the temperature - it was freezing when we arrived and took about 2 hours to warm up. The main problem is that the hotel is in an old building, and they have had to retain the sash windows. Lovely, but only single glazed. And Euston Road is INCREDIBLY busy, so there is a huge amount of traffic noise. And train announcements from the stations. Take earplugs, you will need them.The desk area was tiny, and although it had free wireless internet, the keyboard provided was in the wrong place to use conveniently with the plasma screen. OK if you have your own laptop though. My TV worked fine, but my colleague's TV buzzed loudly and irritatingly all night. He eventually managed to unplug it, but then couldn't make it work the following morning. Bed was clean and reasonably comfortable. Too many pointless cushions. Bathroom looked nice superficially, with glass splashbacks and a fancy shower. However, the floor was the cheapest, squeakiest laminate I've ever seen. Around the bath there was a sort of wooden frame, and even though the hotel has only been open a matter of weeks, this is already scuffed with splinters sticking out of it. The shower has jets and nozzles galore, but the shower screen fails to stop the water cascading across the floor. The toilet lid is too close to a small shelf which means that you catch your fingers when you open it. Toiletries were quite nice, and towels were fluffy and plentiful.Breakfast was not included, and was an absolute rip-off at £7.50 each for what was served. The dining room was not signposted at all from within the hotel, and in fact one set of reception staff sent us round the outside of the buidling - OK in May but ridiculous in the middle of winter. We were the only people having breakfast between 7.30 and 9 - very odd. There was a choice of 2 cereals, 1 type of pastry (croissant), 1 type of bread, 1 type of jam, 1 dish of tinned apricots, and 1 type of yoghurt. There were also 2 types of unlabelled jiuces which turned out to be grapefruit and pomegranate - seemed an odd choice. Staff offered stewed tea and terrible coffee, and a choice of cooked eggs, which was probably the best part. Check-out was straightforward, apart from still having no chip and pin (we tried several different cards). The only other people we saw in the hotel were all complaining about something and trying to change rooms, so possibly we had a very good experience in comparison.Overall, the location was its main advantage, and it was good value for £110 pn, but I would be reluctant to pay too much more.	
Apr 29 2008 	Loved the location	I spent 3 nights at the hotel with a group of friends and we all had a fantastic time. We wanted to stay at accommodation that would give us easy access to touring London and the Megaro was perfect. As soon as you step out their front door the steps leading to the tube are in front of you. You can travel from the hotel to anywhere in London. The staff was beyond excellent. They were friendly, courteous and always willing to serve and give assistance no matter the hour. The resturant is excellent for breakfast and dinner and the prices affordable. Our rooms were comfortable and spacious. The hotel had wireless internet in all rooms as well as plasma television sets so that you had adequate entertainment in your room if you felt like staying in. The security at the hotel was good. I observed CCTV cameras in operation at most of the main areas. I would definately stay at the Megaro if I am in London again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Bien situé et classe!!		
Nov 19 2009 	Buen hotel excelente situación. Precio razonable y habitaciones modernas.		
Sep 18 2009 	Excelente hotel		
Sep 8 2009 	no es oro todo lo que reluce		
Sep 2 2009 	Superior		
Jul 22 2009 	Buon hotel in posizione strategica		
Jun 19 2009 	Buona struttura di fronte alla fermata del metro'		
Apr 23 2009 	Im-presionante		
Apr 22 2009 	Desde que conocí el Megaro no piso otro hotel en Londres		
Apr 21 2009 	La estancia perfecta en un barrio con vida y cerca de todo!		
Apr 21 2009 	Genial		
Feb 11 2009 	?????????????????!		
