	Impressive All Round!!	Stayed here with my girlfriend/now fiancee (as i proposed in London!!) for 2 nights in November 09, the receprion area as you walk in is stunning and check-in was very efficient (ive been to a lot of places and this was one of the smoothest......trust me). Our room was great, the bed was huge and everything was very clean, we also had a huge tv in the room and a system i could play my mp3 player through. The gym is small but adequate, the pool area/gym/sauna/steam room are great and really easy to find in such a huge hotel! The location i absolutely brilliant with the tube station 30 seconds away and 10 mins to oxford street, i will definitely be back!!!!	
	perfect hotel and location	i stayed here for a week in may and was deligted with my stay. i had booked a n/s family room with 2 double beds which is hard to find in london. the room i was assigned was a corner room that was larger than many that i have stayed at in north american cites. the room and bathroom were very clean and the beds were incredibly comfortable. hilton is always a brand one can trust. i have already recommended this hotel to family and friends due to its easy acces to the tube and the very short walk to oxford street. as well there are excellent coffee shops, supermarkets and restaurants at your doorstep. i will definitely stay here in the future as the staff could not have been more helpful and interested in making our stay so memorable. congratulations to your staff on superbly managing and running your property with expertise.	
Nov 25 2009 	hmmm... not the best but ok	- The hotel has the west and east wing ( is the east one better?! )- I would say that they have marvellous beds- The tube connection is good and also 10 minute walks from Marble Arch- We did not have breakfast included in the price and I was REALLY pleased with that, as the line for the breakfast was really big	
Nov 23 2009 	Conveniently located impressive lobby but smallish room	Stayed one night with a Friend while attending a Sports Event. Was going to stay at the Hilton Paddington because it was even closer to Paddington but stayed here because of the better price and it had been recommended to me by my wife.The extra distance from Paddington was minimal, so no worries there, making it very handy if you're flying into Heathrow. On arrival I was impressed with the swanky lobby area and the size in general. Was offered a free upgrade over the standard twin room I'd booked. however while the facilities were good, and the view from the tower impressive, the room size was disappointing and I wonder what the standard would have been like.We had bar food before heading off to our match and it was fine. Bar staff were friendly but not the quickest, even though it wasn't busy (don't think they'd cope working in a bar in Dublin). Prices were a little on the high side I thought though not overly so.Breakfast was nice, though very busy. It seemed to me that the area available was a little small for the size of the hotel. Only complaint here was the extremely slow toaster which didn't even toast and required two passes. Might have been adequate in a 20 bed country hotel, but just not good enough in a hotel of this size.	
Nov 22 2009 	Horrible Experience! Definitely not 4 star or typical Hilton.	Crowded, hallway smells, room small, power did not work at desk, internet did not work, hot water did not work, all this took several calls and three maintenance people to repair. Carpet in room so dirty the edges were black next to the walls and the floor was sticky, no top sheets on the beds - had to sleep under just the comforter/duvet (and how many people had been there?) with a spring that was actually protruding from the mattress- Breakfast? Stand in line for 40 minutes for mediocre dining, at best. Bathroom was just nasty, black mold.	
Nov 21 2009 	Professional lively hotel	I stay here at least a couple of time a month when I visit London on business. It's a home from home. I have also used it as a base for family siteseeing.Unlike my experience of other hotels in London, it always seems lively and buzzing with people which is nice after a long journey or day in the office.The rooms are always of a good standard with good facilities - mini bar, internet connection (£15 for 24hrs), plasma/lcd tv, desk, iron etc ect - everything you'd expect.There is a gym and pool, but it's small.The food is good, although I'm generally a Hilton Burger man and tend to stick to room service. The curry's are also good. The Nippon Tuk restaurant is well worth a vist - stunning view of london and great contemporary asian food. You wouldn't eat there every night, but you've got to do it at least once.The location is ok, if a little out of the action. I like it beacause it's outside the congestion charge area (just) so i can drive straight in if necessary. Edgware tube station is just across the road. Marble Arch is maybe a 10 minute walk down edgeware road. Not too far from Oxford road etc.Room rates seem to vary quite wildly depending on if there's a conference or not. I generally pay a corporate rate of £102 per night.	
Nov 21 2009 	terrible hot stuffy hotel	1. even if they offered me to stay for nothing wouldnt go back2. had exec twin room3. room tiny with window that didnt open so no air even though hotel very hot4. heating on all the time5. beds very small and in comparison to marriot/starwood/intercon prehistoric6. exec lounge tiny and full of people7. check in very slow8. tiny bathroom with useless shower9. hotel website pictures of room misled me.	
Nov 21 2009 	Not going there again	Typical example of American corporatism. We stayed a single night at the London Hilton Metropole. It seemed more like a budget airport than a four star hotel. Queue to check in, queue to enter the restaurant and then queue for the buffet, where the food wasn't much better than a supermarket cafe. The room was OK but the bathroom was very dated (shower curtain). We had an ongoing mini-bar mini drama as my wife - perhaps ill-advisedly - had removed some bottles to keep something chilled. There is a warning on the door but a bottle of orange juice was half empty and the fridge wasn't working. After calling room service who sent the mini-bar man who assured us we wouldn't be charged for anything and later being assured by reception that we wouldn't be charged a bill was presented at the room the next morning. So back to reception........... The hotel is large and impersonal, just a revenue generating machine really. The one plus point was that the staff were polite and helpful.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great room helpful staff.	Had room 978 in the West wing. Very comfortable with two double beds, tea/coffee making facilities and well stocked bathroom. ie. loads of towels and toiletries, in case you forget your own. Unfortunately the first night of our stay the wind was really bad and because the room is situated at the far corner the access door to the a/c unit rattled somewhat and kept me awake. However that`s just a minor obsevation as the rest of the stay was very good. The staff were friendly and attentive in the dining room and the room attendant we had was excellent. We asked for extra milk and she left about 16 for us! The bar prices were steep to say the least. £7.50p for two bottles of coke. How can they warrent that?? If you visit Covent Garden, avoid the Nags Head pub. Our roast beef dinner was:- 1 slice of dried up beef (it curled up at the edges, maybe microwaved) two cauliflower and brocolli florets (undercooked so as to be almost raw) about two slithers of carrot, 1 small yorkshire pudding, about three minute roast potatos and gravy, served on a cold plate. For this we payed £8.95. I don`t mind paying if the food is good, this was not the case. I would have been embarrassed to serve this in my home. But all in all a good time.	
Nov 20 2009 	Were we lucky or were other guests just too picky?	When I read the reviews on this hotel after having booked it as a lastminute.com mystery hotel, I was rather nervous as the reviews were either very good or very bad. We had excellent service from checking in to checking out from staff who were polite, friendly, plentiful and knowledgeable. The room was small but clean and quiet and with everything we needed. The breakfast was superb; wonderful choice and freshly prepared with lots of staff to clear away and help. All in all we could not fault it. Where the hotel is situated in London is safe and quite convenient but there is nothing around it so don't stay there if you plan to going out looking for nightlife but as a cheap base, do go and I hope you find it as good as we did.	
Nov 17 2009 	Huge Tired Hotel - Decent Executive Rooms - Poor Service	A Huge Hotel, Public Areas look rundown, as do corridors. Conveniently located next to a tube station, so moving around London is easy.The customer is absolutely anonymous here, with no staff making any effort to even wish guests. Almost impossible to get to any service on the first call, always busy.Try and get a last minute Upgrade to an Executive Room by paying a little more, the executive lounge, though mostly crowded, is still worth it for a complimentary Evening Cocktail/Drink with canapes and a Continental Breakfast. The Lounge Staff do make an effort to help, but are often harried and overburdened. The Executive Rooms, in a separate wing, are decently sized and furnished, and, with nice bathrooms. The saving grace in this hotel. Try and get a higher floor as the first six floors overlook an office building, limiting privacy.Overall a mediocre hotel, for the price, you can do better, even in London.	
Nov 16 2009 	Bad overpriced hotel	We booked this hotel through central reservations and specified we would like a smoking room. We arrived at the hotel around midnight, I went to check in and my friend went to the bar to buy us a drink. The barman was serving someone, finished doing that, then turned to my friend and said the bar was shut! He had served another customer 30 seconds beforehand but obviously too much trouble to keep the bar open for another minute. We went up to our room to find it was dirty, in poor repair and non smoking. I phoned reception who said that all the rooms were full and we would have to stay. The mini bar didn't have enough wine for two so we had two beers but had to call reception and wait on a bottle opener. I went for a shower to find the bath mat mouldy and the bath filthy. I then call the duty manager and asked him to come to the room to see the mess. He said he was too busy and would send someone in the morning - he didn't! I don't know how he was busy either as on our five minute walk to the front door we observed recpeption to be quiet and staff standing around chatting. Breakfast was good - the only good thing.As we checked out we were asked about our stay, I said it had been very bad and the girl replied 'sorry'. No duty manager was available agin. The bill for one nights stay and 2 beers was £300. Daylight robbery. I wrote to complain and recieved a reply from the manager offering a 'complimentry upgarde' if i returned. I would rather sleep on the street. I should have insisted on a refund as things were that bad.AVOID AT ALL COST	
Nov 16 2009 	Very enjoyable	This was my second stay in this hotel and I loved it! Myself and a friend (two middle aged women) stayed in the Metropole during a weekend break in London and I must say we found it great. We had a great twin queen deluxe in the West wing and were on the 13th floor - so we had a great view - I like cityscapes. There is a busy flyover on this side of the hotel - but there was no problem with traffic noise. The bedrooms/bedroom corridors are possibly getting a little tired but the beds were comfortable and the room/hotel was very clean. The hotel was busy all weekend - but I loved the buzz. We had no problems checking in or out.There were plenty of staff around. I also loved the cosmopolitan nature of the hotel staff - all of whom spoke excellent English and were helpful, pleasant and responsive. Some of the staff were the same as last year which I think is a good sign. Breakfast time was busy and the we went to the overflow area for breakfast on the second morning which was not a problem. There is plenty of choice for breakfast and again lots of helpful staff around. The location of the hotel is excellent because of its closeness to two tube stations and an M&amp;S (within sight and just a minute or twos walk). We walked down to Marble Arch/Oxford St on the Friday evening - and the Edgeware Rd was very lively. The pool is an added bonus. Al in all I can totally recommend this hotel for a stay London.	
Nov 15 2009 	avoid poor value and service	Stayed at this hotel and paid £111 for double room through last minute .com. it is situated in a very urban enviroment a concrete jungle feel to the surrounds. The Edgware road is full of Lebanese restaurants with groups of men sitting outside smoking pipes of flavoured tobacco.Upon arrival I was told that the room had two single beds. I pointed out I was travelling with my wife and expected a double room booked by a couple to have a double bed. I was offered an upgrade for an extra £40. I declined.The room was small and basic with a tired feel. It was all clean but it was showing more signs of wear than I expected from a 4* hotel.I had requested a room with a view before arrival. The room I was given had a view of the wall opposite! This was on the 4th floor of a 30 floor hotel so they could of easily fulfilled my request and had chosen not to.The hotel is very busy and the facilities are worked hard, its certainly not a place to relax in. I usually stay in travelodges and will do so in the future as this Hilton was not worth the extra money and is actually in poorer condition and location to travelodges I have used.I told the reception staff I would be reviewing the hotel and gave them every opportunity to make this review a good one but they did not make any effort at all to meet my requirements which I felt not unreasonable.In closing I would say only go to this Hotel if you want a free paper and are happy to be a cog in the metropoles money making machine.	
Nov 14 2009 	good clean hotel with excellent service	the only downside to this hotel is that the leisure facilities did not have a spa bath.	
Nov 11 2009	Great Location Room was small	I travel to London every year and I usually stay in a non-chain, but this time I decided to give the Hilton a try....I had booked a King room and let me tell you the bed took the whole room, no walk space, the pillows were like crackers, bed was hard. If you want to use the phone by a calling card you still have to pay 3.00 for a connection charge...there is NO free internet..it's $25/day for internet in your room...also I drink a lot of water and bought a bottle of water from the Costa coffee place in the lobby and it cost me 3.00pounds which would be about $5 dollars!!!! The location is good for the tube, but I would never spend the amount of money I did on a night at the Hilton!	
Nov 9 2009 	Better than expected	It seems you have to be a bit pushy on arrival to get attention and service. But we did. Were also upgraded on check-in and had a comfortable deluxe room overlooking - well, there seems to be a lot of construction going on in the vicinity. But if there wasn't, you'd be looking at the on-ramp for the M4, so it's difficult to judge whether anything might have been better. No noise reached us in our room, however, and as we weren't there for the view, it was a pleasant overnight stay. If anything, the hotel is too large, and our room was on what seems to be the 'congress' side of the building, which is fairly desolate if no congresses are taking place. So you trek along the corridor to find your elevator bank, and feel perhaps a bit out of touch with the rest of the hotel. Our room rate included breakfast, a good buffet with ample offerings. And more importantly, good and efficient staff both seating us and bringing tea and fresh orange juice (in addition to other selections available at the buffet). A nice touch.The hotel has excellent communications, with tube and train nearby and within walking distance of Oxford Street and the park. There's not a wide selection of restaurants or nightlife around, though, so you really do need to get out unless the hotel restaurant grips you. Despite its size, and the fact that you pay quite dearly for an internet connection, this was a good hotel for our needs, and we would stay again.	
Nov 7 2009 	The worst business hotel I have experienced	Highlight: foul smelling rooms, smoke alarm goes went off at 4:15 in the morning twice during a 6 night stay, inconsiderate staff, bad service,poor hygine. The room smelled foul from the time I opened the door, after repeated complaints to the staff I was told that there were no other rooms available. During two of the nights the smoke alarm went off in the room, first night at 3:30 and the 5th night at 4:30, no one even bothered to give any feedback or tell if we had to leave the hotel.The staff in the executive lounge were not only impolite but downright hostile, probably they didn't like me not being a caucasian. The staff made their displeasure known quite openly. Overall a very bad experince would not recommend this hotel to anyone on a business trip.	
Nov 5 2009 	Not an honest hotel--AVOID	Do not believe what they say about their accomodations--&quot;free internet&quot; means they are really going to charge you $25/day for this. Place an 800 call to an airline? You will see $50 on your bill. When you figure this out, get upset and leave you will see $175 on your bill for leaving early. This is not an honest hotel. I had such a bad experience here that I'm now avoiding Hiltons in general. Many better hotels can be found in this neighborhood--much nicer, better priced and with truly free internet.	
Nov 5 2009 	WHAT CAN MY REVIEW ADD	Wow what a lot of reviews...Here are my relevant points. It is an enormous hotel, well located for tourism, near the Tube and within the Circle line.Unusually for Central London it has a pool. You won't find many in this price range that do. It's not the largest or smartest but hey..essential part of any family break.Our room was OK-pretty average really. As the hotel is so large I would guess that people have diffferent experience here.In our experience service was much better than normally found in London (which to be fair is hardly service capital of the world). Everyone spoke and understood English (another novelty in the capital of England!) but we encountered a general ethos towards service.We had one dinner included in our rate. This was pretty good. A set menu was produced which was not simply buffet based. Breakfast on the other hand was a bit of a farce with the longest queues I have ever seen to get through the door. (Note to planners-if you build a big hotel you also need to build a big restaurant-doh!)	
Nov 3 2009 	Good Location not great for a Hilton Hotel	The location is good, 5 minutes walk from Paddington station, 15 mins walk to Oxford street. Altough Edware road itself is not the best for dining out or shopping.The hotel looks very nice, the lobby is bright. Reception staff were pleasant enough. We stayed in a King Hilton Deluxe room, and to be honest the room was not deluxe, it was very small, with a dated feel to the whole room, could barely move around the bed, which was itself not very comfortable. Bathroom wasn't great either; quite dark and dingy, mould around the bath. I believe the hotel was at full capacity when we there, as they said we could not change room as it was fully booked.The bars in the hotel were ok, restaurant ok, breakfast was ok. All pretty average to be honest.I would recommend staying in the Hilton London Paddington, it is much better even if it is more expensive, they are not far from each other.	
Nov 2 2009 	Four star hotel view with a building site	My first impression on the hotel was too big. There were so many people coiming and going in the lobby and nobody seems to care about you. Why people go around bare feet and talking loudly in the hotel.I got a 2 double bed room at Westwing. The room itself was ok. Just standard. It wasn't what I expected from a four star hotel at all though. The view from the window was fantastic(!!!). A monsterously huge building was being built. Though I didn't hear any noise from the building site (it was a Satuday night) I didn't pay for that ugly view. I should have been informed about it. You can't open the windows at all. How annoying and unhealty. There was a small long window above the main one, still you can't open it. I felt like I was suffocated. Where the dust goes when the room is cleaned? So there is a ventilation fan which makes annoying metal noise. I really needed some fresh air.My girls used the swimming pool which was far too small in comparison with the huge hotel and crowded. They closed at 7.45 pm even though it was Saturday. Although the room was clean and everything was what it says on the tin, I didn't feel like I was staying a four star hotel at all. It wasn't comfortable at all. So I am not coming back. That's all.	
Nov 1 2009 	A Great Hotel for a Family Break in London	We have just returned from a weekend break at the hotel, it suited us perfectly. We stay in a deluxe family room, with 2 double beds. Unlike a lot of family rooms we have stayed in the beds did not take up all the floor space, so you could move around with ease. We found all the staff friendly and helpful and check-in quick and efficient. Yes the Hotel is very large but we didn't have to queue for breakfast and although the pool was very busy at times but at other times empty.On returning home we found that my daughter had left behind her favourite pyjamas, I rung the hotel not really expecting there to be anything they could do, but they rung back an hour later to say they had found them and would send them to us. Excellent service, especially as I rung at 7pm on a Sunday evening!The location is very central for all the attractions, yes it is not the most beautiful of areas, but we felt for the amenities it was very good value.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect location	We finished our honeymoon in London and, being the third Hilton we stayed in during 12 days, I must say that it was the lowest point during our &quot;Hilton Honeymoon&quot;. That doesn't mean that the hotel was not good. It was great for other reasons. I'm only saying that the others were better. Now, the good things: Perfect location. 5 blocks away from Paddington Station (priceless if you arrive to or depart from Heathrow since you can catch the Heathrow Express/Connect). You have 3 underground lines in front of the hotel (Edgware Road Station) and it's only 10-minute walk from Hyde Park/Marble Arch/Oxford Street. The room was small but ok, with a great king size bed. The room was in the 10th floor of the Wing Tower so the view was nice. In our case, price was another good thing. We found the hotel through Hotwire and 100 USD per night for a Hilton in London sounded like a bargain. It was definitely a good value for money. We didn't have breakfast included (although complimentary tea/coffee is offered in the room), but we had a Marks &amp; Spencer right in front of the hotel and a Tesco round the corner. Considering that the hotel was full, it wasn't noisy at all. Overall, it was very good at met our expectations.	
Nov 1 2009 	Convenient rooms crowded breakfasts.	We stayed there for 5 nights. Very nice large room, clean. Unfortunately you could not open windows, only turn on/off air conditioning. Although close to the hotel’s west wing there was a construction, we were not disturbed.Hotel just on opposite of tube lines, walking distance to Oxford Street. As the hotel is huge, there was during peaks long waiting for lift. The worse was breakfast. Waiting time for get in was more then 15 minutes over the weekend. But the hotel staff opened also other promises to enlarge the capacity. The food itself very good – the good Hilton standard.If you are looking for big busy hotel – it is highly recommended.	
Oct 28 2009 	Too big for its britches	On the whole, the experience was positive, however there were a few points that did overshadow what would have been a great stay. We stayed 2 nights, my husband, father and I and our little 4-month-old daughter.Let's start with the positives:1. Staff in all parts of the hotel (except one - see not-so-positives) were very helpful and friendly. 2. Location.3. Despite being on a major road, the windows were brilliant at keeping all the noise out.4. It had &quot;leisure facilities&quot; (see also not-so-positives)5. Provided a cot for our little girl.Not-so-Positives:1. The hotel was too big to accommodate the needs of its guests. At check-in, it took 4 people to figure out what was going on. And when the final person was assigned the task of allocating our room, she looked at me and said, &quot;How can I help you.&quot; - After I had been standing there for the better part of 5 minutes. A minor, yet memorable detail.2. The room was a bog-standard room. You could find it in most major hotels in the UK. It was perfectly fine, but not up to the standard that I would expect and have experienced at other Hiltons.3. The room had not been properly cleaned when we arrived, but the following day a different cleaner had done an outstanding job.4. The leisure facilities - that is, the pool - was simply too small for a hotel of that size. We had to wait to get in and eventually gave up and went back to our room.5. I don't think this is necessarily the hotel, but the man working at the left-luggage desk, named Alex, was bordering on rude when I gave our bag. Overall, it was fine, but I would have expected a tad bit more. Thank god we got it on a bargain. I would have written a totally different review if I had paid full price!	
Oct 28 2009 	Easy relaxed simple stay	My girlfriend and I found this place to be a great pick. We used Priceline, but it worked out just fine for us. It's right across from a Marks &amp; Spencer, the Edgeware tube stop...and right by Paddington Station (which made it easy for us to get to the Heathrow via bus/shuttle that stopped there). I am pretty sure if we go to London and wanted a four-star hotel but for a Priceline price, then this would definitely work out perfect for us again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great for what we needed	I just returned from London after a 3 night stay at the Hilton London Metropole. I booked our room well in advance and got a very good rate. We were looking for a decent hotel with a central location. All our expectations were met. The hotel is situated just next to the Edgware Road underground station which takes you in to Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square etc in 10-15 minutes. Check in was smooth and our room was exactly as we ordered. Nothing special but considering the rate it was fantastic. We had breakfast included all 3 mornings. The line for the breakfast was pretty long each morning but it was dealt with quickly and believe we waited 10 minutes as the longest. The wait was really worth it. The breakfast buffet was out of the world. Absolutely everything you can imagine for a breakfast was there. And considering the amount of people going through there was never anythings missing and the buffet was kept clean and nice for even the late entried.We used the swimmingpool each morning as well. Even though it seemed that the hotel was fully occupied there were never any guests in there so we had it basically to our self. The pool and the area around was clean and spotless. Seemed like it was brand new. One night we ate in the 23rd floor situated Thai restaurant. The view is amazing and the prices are actually not too bad. We were a bit disappointed on the food though. A bit tasteless considering what you could expect from a restaurant like this.Overall it was a great experience at the Hilton Metropole. If i could get the same rate again i wouldnt hesitate 2 seconds to book it.	
Oct 27 2009 	Very ordinary - don't pay full price or don't expect full service	We stayed here over a weekend in October and while no one part of the stay was terrible, overall I would have to say I wouldn't recommend the hotel to anyone unless they got a very good deal and weren't expecting much from the stay.Good points - the swimming pool is better than most other central London hotel pools. It's big enough to take a good few people. The sauna &amp; steam room allow kids in - most other hotel saunas don't and so our kids got a chance to use the full facilities. It's across the road from the two Edgeware Road tube stations serving the Bakerloo, Circle, District &amp; Hammersmith &amp; City lines so connectivity is pretty good. It's near Paddington Station - a few minutes walk away. Loads of Turkish, Lebanese and other similar restaurants nearby.Bad points - long, long list here so I'll put in a few of the key ones. Booked a family rate over the phone because you can't do it online. The rate should have meant that the second room was charged at 50%. Several weeks after booking and several phonecalls later I'm still waiting for my refund to come through after they charged full rate for both rooms.When we got to the hotel to check in they had no reference to my *repeated* requests for adjoining rooms. What family with young kids is going to book two rooms and have the kids on a different floor from the parents ? Family rate should equal adjoining rooms by default. And, as above, I had been on the phone to HHonours &amp; the hotel directly trying to sort out my refund and I confirmed several times that the reservation was for adjoining rooms.We were offered a room with 3 singles and a second with 2 singles or a wait for an upgrade to a deluxe room with a double and an adjoining double. We decided to wait. However, if this was a deluxe room I wouldn't like to see what a standard room is like. The room (1411) was tiny. The adjoining room (1410) smelled very musty. We didn't raise it as an issue as we were just so glad to be settled at last, but the smell was inescapable. As far as I can tell 'deluxe' means facing the city. In this case the view was pretty impressive alright. We were just about over the top of the air conditioning units of the adjoining block, so any lower and there wouldn't be any view to speak of.We had dinner on the first night in the restaurant. Despite the hotel being full the restaurant wasn't, but they still decided to locate the various guests all over the room. Yet again with Hilton, despite being on a dinner-inclusive rate we were handed the full menu. If we had ordered from here we would have ended up paying extra. We had to ask for the special menu. Do Hilton floor staff get special courses in how not to ask their customers if they are on an inclusive rate ? Our mains came and went with no sign of the kids meals coming out. It looks like the floor staff forgot the meals and the kitchen didn't point out there were some plates there ready to go out. Because the staff were spread out all over the floor it took a long time before we could catch anyones eye and remind them about the kids meals.Breakfast in the hotel was fine, although there were some savage queues from about 0830 onwards. On the plus side they will cook your eggs to order. Sure beats most other hotel breakfasts where you get pre-fried eggs.Big problem - which I reported to management but which they failed to act on - the emergency exits from the bar (which served as part of the breakfast room in the mornings) were locked on 2 of the 3 days I was there. They were probably locked on the 3rd but I didn't get a chance to check. Wake-up Hilton - you can't lock emergency exits and especially not when your restaurant is full to overflowing.Noise - despite being on the 14th floor you could hear sirens up and down Edgeware Road through the night. From the sound of things there is either a fire station or a police station nearby and Edgeware Road is the shortest route to wherever they need to be. The sound proofing must be pretty poor to hear them on the 14th floor. There was no sound proofing on the corridor side - we could hear everyone coming and going when in bedin the evening. People talk in hotels but they should really have better muffling on the doors.Little moans - no Hilton slippers, no bathrobes, no hotel guide in the room. The film choice on the TV was very much a mish-mash and the one film we would have watched contained a major spoiler in their description on the screen so we couldn't even watch that.I'm sure I could think of other things, but that's enough for now. We booked this hotel knowing that it was going to be pretty tour-bus-ish and it was. We wanted somewhere central with a pool - and it filled these needs. Overall, though, the hotel failed on a whole lot more points than it passed, so I would have to say that I definitely wouldn't be back.	
Oct 26 2009 	Tired old Hilton	I guess this hotel has seen its former glory go down the drain, along with the badly stained carpets. To say that the hotel is close to Oxford street is a stretch, about a 30 minute walk will take you there. The service is ok, efficient would be the appropriate word for this &quot;conference&quot; monster, mainly aimed at business people. The lobby itself looks very old and dated, not very inviting, and the coffee shop is a sad sight. The Pay-tv did not work, just a connection error whenever It was tested, and no help from staff when we asked.A special note go out to the extremely nice doorman! Keep smiling!	
Oct 25 2009 	Not worth the money	Service was friendly, other than the one I got when I was checking out. Receptionist heard my room number wrong and tried to charge me a lot of extra.Room was okay, but the floor was absolutely disgusting. There were stains everywhere.Extra is what defines this hotel: everything costs extra money (wlan, cable internet, putting your own stuff into the minibar[?!], breakfast [not worth paying]).Location is good, though there's some noise from the traffic outside and from the corridor as well.I'll never ever step into a Hilton Hotel again for what I experienced in this hotel.	
Oct 24 2009	Hilton not what it used to be....	We booked this hotel for 2 nights so that we could spend some time in London. Great location, very near to Paddington station. It's nice to have a pool but it is too small for the large number of guests who visit the hotel. Unfortunately the service was just not up to scratch and it seems as if hilton do not care about their customers. Whilst check-in staff were friendly, any requests made to housekeeping were generally ignored. Everytime we requested things from housekeeping we had to call 2 or 3 times and wait sometimes 2 hours for them to arrive. For example, we hired a fridge and it arrived after 2 hrs and 3 calls in a disgusting state, it then took 2 more calls and another hour for them to bother to come and clean it (and no apology either!). We also experienced problems in that many of the staff could not speak english so did not understand what we were asking for/trying to tell them. An alarm went off on our floor one morning and when we phoned to tell them they couldn't understand and just hung up the phone with no explanation! I will not be visiting this hotel again and am unlikely to visit a Hitlon again. They just aren't meeting the standards expected any more.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good Location	This hotel is in a fantastic location, near Hyde Park and Oxford Street. I had never stayed at a Hilton before so I did not know what to expect. I found the staff very friendly and helpful and accomodated me with anything that I asked for. Breakfast was included in the price and the selection was great, only bad experience was the coffee, it was terrible!!The cost of the internet connection in the guest rooms is £15 per day which I feel is a rip off. This should be free of charge.	
Oct 21 2009 	No where near as good as the price suggests.	I stayed in this hotel for my 21st Birthday with my partner for a 3 night break. I was so disappointed with the room that we got as there was no difference to a standard “holiday inn” room, although you just get the privilege of paying more money for it. They gave us a disabled room (for no reason) to start with, once complained due to how disappointed we were we just got changed to a family room which was not much different. The cleaning was terrible, you don’t expect to come back and still find your tea mugs not changed. The towels smelt horrible and I was made to drip dry why they took ages to bring up fresh ones, which was not fresh at all as they still smelt nasty. You defiantly do not get a four star service. My advice is do not get your hopes up when you first arrive at the hotel (like we did) as the rooms do not seem to follow on this luxury standard that you would expect from a 4 star Hilton and you seem to think you are in a different hotel once you are in your room, compared to the posh reception.This is the 2nd time I have stayed in a Hilton and the 2nd bad experience (Hilton in Aviemore). We will not be ever staying in a Hilton again they are Losing their name and really show an attitude as if they just do not care about their customers.	
Oct 19 2009	This hotel is overpriced and overcharges for everything.	We stayed at this hotel as part of a Globus tour. We stayed for two nights in early September at the start of the tour and one night at the end. Although this is presumably a high level hotel, they charge for EVERYTHING! There is a charge if you open the room refrigerator and/or move anything, a charge of 3 British pounds for 15 minutes of internet access with a nonfunctional printer (I've stayed at lots of midlevel hotels that have free internet service including Super 8 and La Quinta) and a charge of 1 pound jsut to make a local phone call. The room was the size of a broom closet with twin beds, not a double as specified, and we had to move one of the beds so we could get out two bags in the room. A hotel of this alleged caliber should not gouge their customers at every opportunity as Hilton does.	
Oct 17 2009 	The Perfect Business Hotel	I attended this hotel as I was presenting a speech the following day.The hotel is an exemplary example of how to run a hotel for the business person. I stayed on the 20th floor overlooking Hyde Park. A beautiful view.The room is outstanding with state of the art AV, dual line phone, high speed broadband, work desk, comfy chairs, lovely bed, nice bathroom and great room service. Great fitness room, great pool, great food, amazing restaurant on the top floor, great concierge, great conference rooms. GREAT!I had a few issues with the hotel concerning check in, however this was a blip and was dealt with in an exemplary way by the duty manager. Great hotel in a great location.	
Oct 13 2009 	Excellent service - decent hotel	The service was excellent and the location very good. Close to tube and the centre of London. Rooms are very clean. Good facilities. Price is in conformity with rooms, breakfast and service.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good Location - Poor Hotel	Ok I will start with the good point. The location is great, close to the tube and Oxford Street and the West End is walkable. We arrived at about 4 o -clock and were impressed by the main hotel lobby. It is large and well decorated and gives off the impression of a good modern hotel. We queued up for reception to check in. Out of 6 check in desks only two were manned and they had customers at them. There were 3 people in front of us, so took a while before we were seen. We checked in and were told we had a room on the 12th floor of the Tower suite. We went up in the lift and entered the room. We had booked a double room and when we walked in we saw that it was a twin room. We picked up our luggage and went back to reception. Where we had to queue again. After more time waiting I explained the situation and showed that we had booked a Double room, not a twin room. The receptionist said she wasn't sure what rooms they had available but would see if they could accomodate us. I thought this was a bit of a joke as we had booked a double not a twin. After a few minutes she said that she had managed to get us a double room, making it sound like she was doing us a favour. This time the room was on the 16th Floor of the Tower wing. We went back in the lift and found our new room. The room was on the small side and strangley laid out. For a four star hotel I found the decor quite dated and not really what I would have expected from a four star hotel. I have to admit the views were amazing which was the only reason I didn't head back down stairs. We decided to stay and make the most of our 1 night in London. The room was quite warm so we turned up the air conditioning. This sounded like a hoover so we had to decide if we would rather be to hot or not be able to sleep due to the hoover noise! The windows didn't open so we couldn't let any fresh air into the room. The mini bar (I say mini but the fridge was at least 4 foot tall) made a humming noise. The bed was uncomfortable and springy. I think the Tower block was part of the old hotel and hasn''t been refurbished. It just feels like the hotel really cared about our stay and spent more time on the people staying in the more expensive suites. In conclusion, hotel looks good from the outside, but we were left with a a poor nights sleep and a feeling of being let down.	
Oct 12 2009 	Large modern hotel with pool	This hotel is a great hotel, the hotel is large so has a lovely pool with sauna, and a great japanese restaurant on the top floor with great views over london. The rooms are modern and lovely, I would stay again. The location is on edgeware road so is great for fans of curry, Oxford street is also only down the edgeware road. Regent's Park is also a walk away, if you would like a break from busy London. Highly recommend the hotel, however from memory the room service was not so good,	
Oct 11 2009 	larger rooms available	The hotel is a conference center (very busy) and has larger rooms (good for families). They could use a sprucing up, but it worked well as we were 3 in a room and the beds were true queen (not small doubles). The only negative was the immediate area is a very ethnic neighborhood and not a lot of variety for walking around to find a varied choice of restaurant. The hotel main restaurant was very good as a convenient option. The location was easy to get a taxi to the airport or into the congestion zone as it was well situated. A tube station was directly across from the hotel. The only negative is the hard sell we got checking in to trying to upgrade to a larger suite with breakfast included. It was not worth the money.	
Oct 10 2009 	Solid 3.5 stars	I had a room in the Tower Wing, with two twin beds. I was able to check in early, which was great after a redeye flight. The room was on the small side, but I understand that's the case for most rooms in London. I only stayed one night. If I were staying longer, I might try for a more comfortable room. If you get a room that has been recently renovated, then I can see this as a 4 star hotel. Otherwise, it's more like a 3.5 star hotel. Very good if you can get a deal on it (as I did on Hotwire). It's a good affordable option as long as you're not expecting a luxury hotel. The hotel is conveniently located. You can walk there from Paddington Station in about 5-7 minutes (after taking the Heathrow Express from the airport into the city). As other reviewers have noted, the neighborhood has many middle eastern restaurants with good cheap food. I was there on a Wednesday, and there was a nearby outdoor market with fresh fruit for sale (cheaper than the M&amp;S), among other things.	
Oct 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel....	Just returned from a three night break in London...Having been to the States a lot over the last year, i thought it about time to be a 'tourist' in my own country's capital!!!Got a excellent rate through Hotwire for the Hilton London Metropole, so decided to go for it!The hotel is in an excellent location, you literally come out of Edgware Road tube station, and there it is 200 yards up the road..It really is that close!!First thing you notice is that this is a big hotel, although once inside you tend to forget that..Check in as usual takes forever....Why does this seemingly straight forward thing always take so long??? Anyway after a while off i went in the lift to the twelfth floor.My room was of a very decent size, very clean and with a lovely bathroom..Shower was excellent!!!Tea and coffee making were also available, there was also a flat screen tv...All very handy!!Througout my stay the staff were always polite, asked if i needed any help with anything..you really can't ask for more..It appears they have time for everyone even though it is a big hotel with lots of guests.All in all i can't fault it. The location is excellent for the tube which is such a boon as you don't want to be walking for ten or fifteen minutes to a tube station every time you want to go somewhere!!As for London? I really enjoyed it..Don't know why its taken me so long to visit..I went on the Eye which is amazing and saw 'Wicked' which was stunning and done all the other touristy stuff. Trouble is its given me the urge to want to go back next year to see some more shows and finish all the things which i didn't get round to doing this time. There is so much to see and do, my three days was never going to be long enough...and it wasn't!!!!!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Comfortable and convenient base for exploring London	Our group of four women stayed for nine days in July. The location was convenient for public transportation (the Edgware tube station with connections on the Green and Circle Lines is a block away) and picking up cheap food at Marks and Spencers right across the street. Also walking distance to Hyde Park and Paddington Station. The hotel itself was clean, comfortable, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food in the restaurant is excellent. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would go back.	
Oct 9 2009 	Mundane average chain hotel	This is supposedly four star, but I find the serviice at other four stars to be far more helpful and friendly. I felt like I was just another tick box. They managed to upsell me to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room due to the fact that I was strung out from an overnight flight, but truly I found nothing &quot;deluxe&quot; about the room. The internet is through BT Openzone, and costs ten pounds per 24 hours, which is just ridiculous, especially since it's just in the lobby only. The internet in the rooms is not wireless, and costs fifteen pounds per 24 hours, which, again, is ridiculous considering I was tethered to the wall. There was nothing wrong with the hotel per se, it was jsut an expensive experience in mediocrity.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	The Hilton Metropole was perfect for my vacation. I booked a room with access to the lounge and each day was delicious snacks and drinks. I saved a lot of money eating there on some days because the food was very filling. The room was a deluxe plus room on the other side of the hotel because the normal rooms are very small to what I was used to in the United States. However, the deluxe plus room was perfect size and the walk to the lobby and the lounge was no problems. Overall the hotel was a good deal and I recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 8 2009 	nice hotel if you get the right price	I would only stay here if you get a good deal (which we did). The breakfast is very good, people are helpful, but it is a busy, large hotel that is a bit removed from the London sights (so need to use the Tube for most sights). Rooms need to be updated/repaired as well.	
Oct 8 2009 	Easter Weekend	On arrival at hotel checked in was very busy (all the time) smooth and went to room few issues but resolved within 5 minutes staff very prompt. room basic 2 queen beds but ample size. pool was small little cold. view from bar at top floor was amazing seen full of london. Breakfast was AMAZING.......everything you could ask for .....................Will defo return huge hotel......	
Oct 8 2009 	Recommended off the beaten path kind of stay	room and facilities kept clean, enjoyed the exercise facility! We ordered room service several times, prices were ok, food was always fresh &amp; hot, service was at times a bit slow. Concierge service was outstanding... very helpful. We asked for their guidance on how to move around London (safely, 2 ladies traveling), help with tours to other cities, etc... always very friendly and very helpful. Even offered escorting to pub in evenings if needed - Thanks!	
Oct 8 2009 	Rooms are dated but service breakfast location and friendliness of staff more than make up for it	We stayed there for 5 nights this month (Oct 2009). This hotel is HUGE, the lobby is like grand central station. But you are not hanging around waiting, everything moves very fast. It is ideally located literally 2 minutes walk from Edgware Road Tube Station and 10 mins walk from Paddington Station. Edgware Road is very long, and is 95% muslim and middle eastern, and totally not british. All the shops cater for these cultures. But there is a marks and spencers, a superdrug and a hair salon right on the hotel door step. The bar in the Hilton is super expensive, but there is a lovely pub nearby called the Chapel (5 mins walk). If you are a HIlton Honours member ask for a bump up and it will usually happen when checking in. The breakfast is brilliant here, great selection and the service is great. The staff are all fantastic in this hotel. I would recommend it. You can also get a taxi right outside the door of the hotel and the consierge will call it. This hotel is fantastic.	
Oct 8 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	When I checked in the staff seemed uninterested to help. I was told that my room was in the Tower wing and I knew that these rooms are very old, very scruffy, they smell and the beds are incredibilty uncomfortable.I immediately asked for a West Wing or East Wing room. I was told the hotel was fully booked. So I had no option.The bed was so hard and the springs were sticking into my back, I ended up sleeping on the floor. The mini-bar, well, actually, its not mini, sounded like a tractor all night.At 5am I called reception, but nobody answered. So at 5.30am I walked to reception. I told the useless reception girl that I needed to change rooms. After 15 minutes of arguing I told her that I would be checking out at 9am.The manager called my room and guaranteed a West Wing room. I duly moved rooms. Result. However at 11pm I attempted to turn off the AC. It stopped pumping out air but continued to make a very loud noise through the night.I called reception. No other rooms available. I checked out this morning and have moved to the Cumberland Hotel, Marble Arch.DO NOT STAY AT THE HILTON LONDON METROPOLE!!!! EVER.	
Oct 6 2009 	Ok but not what we expect from a Hilton!	I stayed recently in this property with some friends in a trip to Silverstone and London for my birthday and it did not meet my expectations. I’ve booked 3 rooms, king size beds and close together (all this was confirmed by phone, after the reservations). At arrival, I was told by the front desk agent that we were assigned upgraded rooms on the west wing, I’ve appreciated till the moment I’ve saw the rooms, all very apart 5th, 8th and 10th floor, and if they were upgraded rooms, I just can't imagine how standard rooms look like! Another surprise was that even if the reservation was made for two persons per room, we found toilet amenities for one person only - only one towel, only one shampoo...! Since I was celebrating my birthday I missed some kind of reaction - it was shown to reception agent at arrival during the check in process (birth date on the passport and registration card) but no reaction from the front desk agent and no birthday card on the room! At arrival we ask the front desk agent about late check out as we were flying back at 18h00 from Lutton, we got a quick NO as the hotel was fully booked – no problem we store our luggage with the concierge .Breakfast was good though, the lady welcoming the guests on the breakfast room was very polite and the staff was very friendly. At departure, I left with the impression that the agent only wanted me to pay the bill and go! At any time he asks me about my stay! Normally it is a major concert at first class hotels to get feed back from their clients. The only persons that ask about the stay were the gentleman at the luggage storage and the doorman big thumbs up for both.	
Oct 6 2009	Good location 	Just back from 3 days at this hotel with mum for long weekend and wasn't dissapointed, despite some of the other reviews. This hotel is gigantic and can hold up to 3000 people so expect a wee queue for brekkie. The room we had was on 9th (of 23) floors and was adequately decorated, if a little on the small side. Fresh towels and maid service each day so no complaints. Included in our deal with dinner on 1st night - they give you choice of buffet or table service - defo go for table service as we went for buffet and some of choices on the menu were not available. Breakfasts were brilliant - such a choice and one chef making fresh omlettes to order!We used the pool both mornings (going at 8am before the biz started) and had it to ourselves.23rd floor restaurant and cocktail bar worth a look for view alone (not £21 for 2 cocktails though).Great location straight across from Edware Road tube station and only 15 minute walk to Oxford Street shops.	
Oct 4 2009 	Huge scary at first	We arrivef at 1:am and the lobby was packed with people from all over the world. Quick check in at the Hilton Honors desk. The room was so small you ahd to climb over the bed to get to the dresser and chair. We could not change rooms that night, but we were able to the next morning. Nicer, still small room and small bathroom. We settled in nicely. The neighbor hood is a nice walk to Hyde Park and Speaker's corner, and very short walk to two tube stations, very convenient. Interesting Middle Eastern ethnic neighborhood. We dined outside sidewalk restaurants and smoked Shisha in hookahs. Had great food, talked to interesting people. If you are adverse to people, this is not the hotel for you. Breakfasts were chaotic in that you never knew what place the breakfast was supposed to be served in. Fabulous croissants. Dinners in the restaurant included in my package were actually very good. Nice lobby and many tours pick-up at this hotel. I have stayed at the old White, and this was better. I was afraid of the charges to the automini bar that others had noted, we had no problem. It was a good value. And got to see Van the Man Morrison at Kenwood!!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Perhaps stay for business (if you must) but not for pleasure.	Bring your earplugs, a screwdriver and your inhaler! Very disapppointing. All attention to &quot;show&quot; - reception areas, not to rooms and to guests comfort. Had requested quiet room for 3 persons. Room provided (590) was adjacent to noisy plant room, with view of building site (thankfully no works over the weekend - but beware weeknights!) Room carelessly prepared - dirty &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs left, covered with coffee stains (I hope it was coffee!) Room reeked overpoweringly of &quot;Shake n Vac&quot;, so strong we needed to open windows but....windows unopenable! air-conditioning controls do not control temperature in room - must request Reception, we discovered after sleepless first night. Poor attention to maintenance, exposed lightbulb in bathrooom, towel rail hanging off wall, stained carpets. Ladies toilet in public area: faucets loose. Breakfast plentiful but food mediocre and grossly overpriced . Hotel is in central location, handy for Oxford St, Paddington . Bedlinen clean, bed comfy. Nice toiletries. Poor information in room - no room service menu provided in room. for example Staff very polite and pleasant if not particularly effective. Maybe this hotel fine for overnight business trip - but not for someone looking for a pleasant break.	
Oct 4 2009 	The best hotel ever	I have stayed in quite a few hotels, and this is one of the best I´w stayed in (and especially when I take into account that this is in London).I was however surprised that the hotel did not offer free Wifi.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice location great room good price	We stayed here for a conference in London. The hotel was big, and checking in was expected to be slow...although it was rather fast. We were upgraded to an executive room, which provided a lovely view. The room was of a good size and so was the bathroom. The beds are nice, as Hilton usually is. The maid service was efficient, and unseen. The pool and locker room were very well maintained. We also had a good meal in the restaurant, as one of my colleagues was celebrating his birthday during our trip. The staff went out of their way to provide a special evening for us. The concierge was helpful in procuring transportation to our various outings, and arranging an overnight trip down to Paris. Don't be afraid to ask them for what you need.	
Oct 2 2009 	Too big	Checked in around midnight.....good reception staff. Reached room; card key would not open the door. Returned downstairs and receptionist cut me two more keys. Still did not work. Returned downstairs and concierge let me in with master key and promised to send maintenance man up to mend the door. Could not go to bed nor leave the room while waiting for maintenance, so turned on television...nothing happened (so there would be 2 jobs for maintenance). After half an hour, I returned downstairs as I really wanted to go to bed, Concierge apologised profusely as his desk had been swamped with enquiries and he had not called maintenance. I said that at 01.00 I was not intersted in waiting for everything to be mended; I just wanted a room that worked! To his credit, the receptionist immediately arranged for me to move to an upgraded room in a wing about 5 minutes' walk away. From then on, everything was fine.The breakfast room was well organised, and the buffet offered a good variety but the cooked food was not that great, probably because the hotel is trying to cater for so many people at once. Economy of scale makes for a good but not a great hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very good location and nice room	The location of this hotel is very good for walkers. It is 10-15 min walk to the Marble Arch and Oxford St. It is 3 min to Edware station and 12 min to Paddington. Edgware Rd is a very ethnic community but we walked in the evening and felt safe. The best pubs are the Chapel Street Pub (modern, gastro, trendy) and The Monkey Puzzle pub on Suxxes Gardens. This pub has a great atmophere, very traditional with the best steak pie I ever had. Excellent ! The room we had was queen size in the main tower which was newly renovated. Very updated with a nice new clean bathroom and furniture. Beware that check in/out is very busy in the hotel so be prepared to wait. The staff are friendly and helpful. Forget the pool, it's dark and dingy. The Costa coffee in the lobby is highway robbery. L15 for coffee and muffins. Walk to Marble arch and go to Wetherspoons. The restaurant in the hotel lobby served excellent thin crust pizza. I would stay here again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good City Hotel	This is a good hotel to base yourself for business or pleasure if visiting London, its right opposite the tube station, although Edgware Road itself is not a nice area. I booked an executive room which was a little small but adequete. Executive Lounge is great at the end of the day to relax in, with complimentary drinks and nibbles. My only grip is the fact you have to pay £15 for 24 hrs internet access. I think this should be free or at least a much cheaper price. Overall a good hotel if visiting London	
Sep 28 2009 	Much better than its grey drab exterior would suggest	I've always been put off staying here by its '60s multistory carpark' exterior and its location beside the Westway flyover. But it is close to Lord's Cricket Ground and with the benefit of a cheap price I gave it a try when in London for a One Day International.I was lucky and got an upgrade to the Club level so had the use of the excellent Club Lounge - good drinks and snacks and excellent breakfast. I suppose I did not get to see much else of the hotel. It is a big hotel and was busy with tour groups and the sports bar downstairs did not look particularly inviting.My room was good - large (for London), well-furnished with a comfortable bed. The staff were friendly and helpful.Still having now seen inside, I will stay again as it is much better than it look from first appearances.	
Sep 25 2009 	Worst Hilton I've Stayed At!!	Checked in to this hotel for 4 nights on Sunday Sept. 13th - definitely an unlucky date for me. General areas of the hotel are as one would expect from a Hilton, but the rooms in the Tower leave a lot to be desired!! To use the word &quot;tired&quot; would be kind - dirty, stained carpets, filthy windows and the bathroom had definitely seen better days. The door to the room looked as though someone had taken a crowbar to it at some point with the wood around the lock area all chewed up.Prices in the hotel are extortionate, even by London standards, with breakfast, drinks, etc. more than double or triple anywhere else I've stayed in the Capital, in hotels of a similar or higher standard. Definitely not a hotel I would use again when in London.	
Sep 24 2009 	Terrible horribly expensive and rubbish service	the only purpose of this hotel is to make a profit for its owner, and it shows. I stayed twice and both times the movie system failed.It's horribly expensive and the food is not good quality.Try the Quality Crown down the road - cheaper and nicer	
Sep 21 2009 	Huge Hilton Hotel with Superior Service 	My husband and I really liked everything about the Hilton London Metropole. We stayed in the comfortable twin-bedded Room 449 that had a tub and a separate shower and excellent Crabtree &amp; Evelyn tolietries. I wish we would have had time to use the indoor pool, as it looked very inviting.The extensive buffet breakfast in the restaurant was exceptionally good with almond croissants that were delicious. The pancakes and waffles were above average, as well. We found the service throughout the hotel to be outstanding.Whoever is in charge of managing this hotel should be highly commended. To have such a huge hotel run so smoothly and provide such a quality product is amazing to me, as I have stayed in many hotels that would be well-served to come to the Hilton London Metropole to learn how a hotel should be managed!	
Sep 20 2009 	Perfect	Perfect location and safe area for the kids/teenagers. Close to Oxford street and we used to walk over there. Really really good food at the hotel restaurants. Great staff-very helpful. Non smoking hotel.Loved it	
Sep 19 2009 	Depressing	I stayed for two nights in the Hilton for a conference and I found it a depressing experience. My view was of an interior stair well and I couldn't see day light. The room must've been for smokers as there was a faint smell of smoke. The iron did not work and there wasn't a waste paper basket. It took ages for a lift to come to go up and down to my room. I felt the whole hotel was tired and datedOn the plus side the staff were very efficient and relatively friendly and the food was good.it is also walking distance form Oxford Street although not in the nicest part of the capital. All the restaurants and shops around catered for the Middle Eastern population in the area. I'm not sure of the price as my company paid but I know the drinks at the bar were very expensive.	
Sep 19 2009 	My faith restored with Hilton	I am not a Hilton fan but I must say that this hotel did not let me down. The Hotel is in a great location and not far from Oxford St. Outside the hotel is the Edgeware Rd where you will find restaurants of every culture from Italian, Iranien and Lebonese.The Edgware tube station is right opposite. If coming from Heathrow, take Paddington Express, Cost £32 return. Change to Bakerloo line on underground for one stop.Checkin was smooth and friendly. the reception area is very nice with plenty of seating and a bar. There are shops within the hotel for essentials and also a jewellers. Room and bathroom were small but enough for myself but if staying longer, you might want a larger room. Tea &amp; Coffee, Iron and TV with good selection of movies.There is a sports bar where you can have bar food.Breakfast was very nice. Good selection of fruits, cold meats, cheeses, cereals and cooked food. Good service all round which I find usually lets a Hilton down.A very nice restaurant on the 23rd floor but did not eat in there and a nice poolon 3rd floor.	
Sep 18 2009 	Ideal Location but pricey	Stayed for two nights for a westend show, e-upgraded to an executive room and was happy to find on checkin we had been upgraded, executive lounge access was excellent after a long shopping and sightseeing walk round london, perfect location for tube and a very nice hotel, drinking and eating was expensive up to £8 for a glass of wine, so if you can get a good deal for this hotel go for it, but it wasnt anything special	
Sep 16 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	Only hotel that can fit 4 people in one room since traveling with teenagers! Great location , close to two tube stations. Service was good but we were put in the west tower so had a little walk but it was quiet. Room clean and no smell (which you always get even in a clean room!) First time out of country and wonderful trip. Website says they have a pool but it seemed to be part of a spa package, not sure since we didn't have time to lounge at the pool!	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Stay-Fantastic Hotel	Just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel, and all I can say is Fantastic. The service, the staff - nothing but praise. Yes, the lobby is constantly busy, but consider please that this is a business hotel catering to a business clientele and large groups coming and going at all times. With such a constant influx of people the staff managed to keep things flowing nicely. Breakfast was included with our room each morning, and on 2 mornings we did get downstairs rather late to find it crowded in the breakfast area, but the staff managed to handle the crowd very well and got us seated with a minimum amount of wait. The food offerings on the buffet were varied, the freshly made to order omelets were superb - no complaints at all. Especially high marks to Tobias in the Executive Lounge for helping out with situation we had during our stay, and with Joel the concierge for helping plan our trip to Windsor. With a Tube Station right across the street, Hyde Park only a 10 minute walk away, and several bus stops nearby, all of your transportation needs are quite easily met as well.Would I stay here again ? In a heartbeat. Would I recommend friends ? Absolutely !	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent for travelling with families	The family room allowed us to stay in one room 2 adults and 3 kid under 12. The breakfast is excellent, one of the best we had. The location is good in the sense that the tube is really a minute walk with 3 different lines availabe. The concierge and the doormen are very helpful. Still the area is not very nice, with many small cafes and shops. Just across from the hotel there is an M&amp;S shop, which is very convenient.	
Sep 12 2009 	Overall very good slightly weird and ridiculous charges for extras	As others have said, it feels like a train station inside. Always busy in the lobby. Professional staff, rooms were quiet, calm and recently re-done (ie.had a flat screen tv). Very happy with the rooms and location. Rude shock when we checked out. Almost US$100 in charges for four short (2-7 minute calls) phone calls. 3 pound a minute because we were calling a mobile phone. Ridiculous and leaves a bad taste in your mouth as you're leaving. 30 pounds a day to park your car and the most expensive Internet we've paid for at a hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Disappointed ...	Stayed here and special occassion so booked executive / luxury type room which was on the 25th floor in the tower.It took almost 25 mins to check in 4 people - not because of a queue but because of the the amount of paper work which was just unbelievable in this day and age!!Got to admit it the room had the most amazing views - but this was the only redeeming quality. TIny ,tiny room you banged your legs on everything and I'm not that tall! The bathroom was equally disappointing, a tiny box with a crap shower.I'd not recommend this hotel to anyone to be honest unless you love throwing your money down the drain! Location was good - couple of minutes from edgware road station but I'm sure if you look around you can definitely find a better hotel for the prices paid here.	
Sep 11 2009 	very good place to stay	Stayed at this hotel for two nights in Jan. It is conviniently located off the edgeware road and only £7 in a taxi from Euston railway station and/or the west end for shows. the hotel is huge with lots of choice of were to eat and drink. There are lots of staff 24/7 to help you and they really are very friendly. The area is very good and there is lots of good Traditional english pubs around to sit in front of the fire and relax..Notably The Windsor Arms in Crawford Place a fav of the late footballer George Best. Look no further for a real gem of a hotel a credit to The Hilton group	
Sep 10 2009 	Massive Busy Hotel.. Great Location.	We stayed at the Hilton Metropole on the executive floor for 4 nights Friday-Tuesday.All in all the hotel is more than adequate. We ate breakfast in the restaurant one morning but after queing for a table and queing for eggs we ate our breakfast in the executive lounge for the rest of our stay.The lounge is great. The staff in there were friendly and there was always plenty of chairs and tables and also two inernet terminals.The hotel is very close to the Edgware Rd tube station which is very convenient and within a short walk of Marble Arch down Edgware Rd.The fitness centre wasnt that fantastic, but who goes on holiday to work out. If the weather is good there are plenty of options for outdoor training.	
Sep 9 2009 	Big and Busy	Location wise you can't beat it for the price. Central and close to Edgeware Rd station and the Bakerloo line. Loved London!!The Good - central position, good amenities, friendly house keeping and concierge staff.The Bad - Because the hotel is so big there were a number of things that spoilt our 6 night stay. We stayed in the West Wing. Our room was big and easily accommodated our family of 4 along with 4 big suitcases. Didn't spend a lot of time in the room so didn't worry about the lack of room service menu, broken furniture or lack of guest service booklet. At peak times there were long waits for the lifts. One morning after waiting for 15 minutes for a lift along with 15 or 20 other people we decided to walk down the stairs. We met lots of people along the fire stairs who had done the same thing. This was especially a problem going down and coming back up from breakfast. Breakfast in the King Suite was awful. The staff were unfriendly and there were long queues for the hot food. My 10 year old daughter ended up finding me a coffee because there were no staff to serve. No cups on the table. After waiting a ridiculous time for the lift and then having to wait in queues for breakfast, we did not have the best start to the day. Expensive Wifi - just go across the road to the small supermarket and use the internet for 1 pound per hour. Messages were not passed on to me. My friend left me a message at reception which I did not receive for 2 days.	
Sep 9 2009 	You know what you get	Always an easy choice, this Hilton hotel was also particularly family friendly and flexible in terms of bedding configuration, room occupancy and check-out time. Maybe not worth the 'list price' but this time good value at £880 / 5 nights b&amp;b for the whole family. The typical (=excellent) Hilton buffet + cooked to order breakfast is served until 11am also on weekdays. Big plus! Room was slightly worn out yes but as clean as you can expect and had everything a Hilton guest room has. Wireless Internet is available but for a whopping 15£ per day. Instead of surfing you can watch the city view out of the floor-to-ceiling window (request upon check in:)).The immediate surroundings don't offer much of interest for a tourist, but then again it's only a ten minutes walk from Marble Arch and opposite the Edgware Road tube stations for Circle, District and Bakerloo lines.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good Alternative to Hilton Paddington	I transit London several times a year--and lived in the city for a year--and generally use the HEX in and out of the city. The Metropole, though not actually at Paddington, is a short walk of about ten minutes down Edgware Road and quite doable by foot with light luggage.I'm a Hilton Diamond member and I've been consistently upgraded to a junior suite when traveling on short stays, which is nice when arriving late and jetlagged. The bar is open late. There's an executive lounge as well with complementary alcohol and continental breakfast, if you're on an executive floor, otherwise the regular buffet-style breakfast in the restaurant is quite tasty and extensive as well.Rooms are typical for a UK-based Hilton... I find the beds comfortable and they're able to get me foam pillows (I'm allergic to down). The bathrooms are quite spacious and have a separate tub and shower.Another nice thing about the location is you're right off the District/Circle/Hammersmith and Bakerloo lines (separate Tube stations, about a block and a half a way from one another). There's an M&amp;S and a pharmacy across the street, in case you need anything while you're there.	
Sep 4 2009 	Hardly worth the price	Stayed at this hotel for business. Check in was conduced fast and professional. The reception had a &quot;trainstation&quot; feeling to it. Rooms are small, and looking quite worn out. Spots on the carpet. Looking out the window straight into a grey wall. Knowing the Hilton hotels from other places, this is far away from expected standard. Location is excellent just next to tube station. Only a 15 min. walk to marble arch. Eventhough having the room discounted, hardly worth the price.	
Sep 1 2009 	Very good hotel. Convenient	We had a very good stay at the hotel. The rooms were nice and clean. Breakfast in the morning was excellent -- do get a room plus breakfast package. The hotel is convenient for exploring London. Literally 5 minutes from Paddington.Edgware Road tube is just across from the hotel and from there you can get anywhere to London. Also, there is a Mark &amp; Spencer opposite; and a great Indian restaurant Akash five blocks away. Check-in at night can be a bit slow; but concierge,housekeeping services are what you expect at any other hotel. Great value for money	
Aug 28 2009 	Great value--no complaints	Stayed for a week with our 8 year old and 14 year old. Fantastic breakfast buffet. Nice room (two queens which isn't common in London). Middle-Eastern neighborhood (which got a little old as as far as restaurants go) but close to all major tube and buses. Convenience store couple of minutes away has nice ales and wine to bring back to your room.	
Aug 28 2009 	Overpriced!	I booked this hotel online for just one night between flights as I thought it would be close enough to London and for the Heathrow Express..The online price included dinner and breakfast for 4 @ 190 pounds for a deluxe 2 queen sized bedroom.The reception is very nice but the staff seemed disinterested from the start and we had to lug our cases up to the room ourselves down a long corridor..not the best start. the room was clean but tired looking - the carpet had quite a few bad stains and the furtniture had seen better days. The &quot;view&quot; was of a disused warehouse through filthy windows. As usual with a family of four we had to call housekeeping for more towels and pillows but they arrived quickly. The tv was small and had limited channels and no DVD player which I find surprising these days. Internet wa sat a charge of 16 pounds per day or 6 pounds an hour! The room was poorly equipped without information, pens or working hairdryer but there was an iron and board..and two safes (?)We ate in La Fiamma resturant and it was excellent value and quality and the included breakfast was great - full English and lots of good quality orange juice and plenty of staff on duty.On departure (free extension till 2pm) the coneirge held our luggage whilst we went into town at no charge.All in all the hotel is hit and miss - tired rooms but nice resturants..the price is high for what you get and I don't understand the wifi charges..too high!	
Aug 27 2009 	one of the best i've stayed in	have just returned from a two night stay at the Hilton Metropole in London and what a wonderful experience it has been. The location is excellent right across the road from the underground and the train stations making travel around an absolute breeze. The hotel is large but with plenty of staff who i found to be of the most helpful i have encountered anywhere. Check in was done with the minimal of fuss and check out over the room phone, and we were able to leave our baggage all day at the dedicated left luggage room giving us opportunity to further explore the sights hassle free. Our room was as expected perfectly adequate and with use of the executive lounge thrown in. Breakfast was a delight as indeed the whole dining experience. I cannot for the life of me understand how anyone could possibly give this hotel less that four star rating and i have no hesitation to give it five. If you are staying in London i recommend you stay here for the afore mentioned reasons and a lot more besides.	
Aug 26 2009 	Would never go here again. Sod Off Hilton Family!	My experience happened a while ago, but I think it's worth telling as a warning to other visitors - in September of 2006, my sister and I were visiting London for a couple of days, and our friend who lives in the area took us to this hotel for drinks. Was lovely the first night, but the second night, we returned to repeat the experience, and were turned away at the bar. We were told that since we weren't actually staying at the hotel, we were not permitted to drink at the bar. The staff would not explain further, and subsequent requests to the hotel have gone unanswered. Can anyone out there shed some light on this? Since when must one pay for a room just to buy a drink at the bar? Suspect it might've been a Brits vs Yanks thing. Unfortunate. Will never go there again. We got a better reception from the Lebanese bar down the road.	
Aug 24 2009 	Small room but otherwise no complaints	Stayed here for two nights on business. The room was small - I think it was a &quot;standard twin&quot; - but was quite high up and had a reasonable view as well as being quite quiet. Breakfast was good and the staff were efficient. Perfectly adeqaute as a business hotel, but not much character.	
Aug 24 2009 	Nice Weekend Break at the Hilton Metropole	The Hilton Metropole is a huge hotel in the Paddington area of London, it is obviously geared towards large conferences and the business customer but this did not detract from our leisure weekend at all. LOCATION:The hotel is on the Edgware road opposite the tube station for the Bakerloo line with the District, Circle line station half a block away, therefore it is an excellent location for getting around London by tube, there are also several bus routes on the Edgware road. We walked to Hyde park and the start of Oxford street at Marble Arch in 15 minutes at a strolling pace, it is also about a 20 minute walk from Regents Park in the opposite direction and the same again to Little Venice where there are some nice pubs by the canals. Edgware Road itself is lively with a distinct middle eastern flavour but very safe. It was ideal for us as we wanted to be close to Hyde Park. GENERAL:Check in was very quick with only one person in front of us, so no complaints there, we also arrived earlier than the advertised check in time and were given our room immediately a King Guest Room as we had requested. We paid a rate of £119.00 per night including breakfast which I thought was excellent for London. Checkout on the Sunday morning was just as quick.ROOM:The room was actually bigger than I thought it would be (certainly bigger than some of the pictures I had seen previously) and spotless, we had a 'view' over the Marylebone flyover which didn't bother us and the soundproofing was excellent with very little traffic noise. The bed was huge and very comfortable,and there were plenty of drawers and hanging space. The room was well lit with plenty of powerpoints a 'proper' hairdryer in the dresser drawer, and ironing facilities in the wardrobe, there were also tea making facilities replenished daily.The bathroom was pretty small but well lit and adequate for our requirements, the shower was quite good and the water was always nice and hot. Plenty of towels provided including facecloths.BREAKFAST:On the first morning we went down to breakfast at 9.15am and only had to wait about five minutes for a table on the second morning we went down at 8am and had no wait at all. The breakfast buffet is excellent, help yourself to cold meats, cheeses, breads, pastries, cereal, fruit and yoghurt if you want to go continental or for those who prefer a cooked breakfast, there's everything you would expect and then some, including potato cakes, waffles, pancakes, a choice of sausages, black pudding, and fried eggs and omelettes cooked to order. Tea, coffee and juice is served to you at your table. Everything was nicely cooked and hot.I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Not the best Hilton in London but OK	As others have said this a a large hotel and the weekend we were there it was full to capacity. Check in even at the Hhonnors desk was slow and and no matter what time of day there was always a line at the reception area. As a gold hhonors member I usually get an upgrade but on this occasion did not. Cookies and fruit were in our 12th floor room which was a nice touch though. The toiletries in the bathroom were of a mixed bag and not the usual crabtree and evelyn type. They were very sparce too. The room however was of a good size and if it had not been for the consruction work taking place opposite would have great views.Despite the numbers of people staying this weekend the breakfast service in the restaurant was good and the usual Hilton breakfast did not let us down. The hotel had the foresight to open up one of the conference suites for breakfast service which helped.The 23rd floor Nippon Tuk bar is worth a visit for a mojito and outstanding views of London. Paid a visit to the executive lounge but could not get a seat.The metropole is in a reasonable location with Edgware Road tube a minute away. There are numerous restaurants in the immediate vicinity so if like us, you like middle eastern cuisine you are spoiled for choice.We had a great weekend but there are better Hilton's in London in better locations.	
Aug 20 2009 	Short Block To Tube Very Helpful Concierge But BUSY Hotel	Stayed here for two nights before a Discovery Line cruise, so breakfast was included. What a great selection and service. This hotel was jam-packed when we were there so breakfast and lobby full, full, full. We went early in AM and had no trouble.Nice fitness center and large pool.Our room was tiny, but adequate and clean. It was quiet too. Don't expect to get the front desk to answer the phone. It just rings and rings and rings.The best part of this hotel is its location. Close to the Edgeware Road station, lots of little groceries to buy water, wine and other necessities, ATM's, and Marble Arch and great walking in the parks. The street itself is going the way of the Middle East with sheesa smoking at the sidewalk cafes, but that makes for interesting people watching. There are a couple of very good curry restaurants nearby, so ask the concierge for advice.	
Aug 19 2009 	Location location location	Excellent location. Seconds from the Tube station and buses. Fifteen minute walk to Oxford Street and Hyde Park. Great store directly across the street for breakfast and grocery items - fresh and nutritious. Avoid eating at the hotel restaurant - exorbitant prices! Rooms were adequate although the taps in the bathroom looked like they hadn't been polished in a dog's age! Very helpful desk staff and concierge services. Ask for a room away from the elevators if you are in the west section as a service door is close by and used very frequently during the night. Although the desk staff was helpful and called maintenance, the door was slammed all night and the problem was not rectified during our stay. Great place to people watch. Interesting events often held at the hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	OK stay - definitely not worth full price	I think I remember seeing that this is London's biggest hotel -- with all of the good and bad that accompanies that distinction. It's clearly built (and staffed) for high volume, not for a highly individualized guest experience. If you can get a room for under, say, 120 pounds, it might be an OK choice for a few nights. We had a clean and comfortable room, as you'd expect from a Hilton, but it was in NO way worth the rate we paid after booking in advance through the Hilton website (198 pounds/night plus tax). Breakfast was of good quality with a huge selection of items -- if you didn't mind sharing it with about 2,000 of your closest friends. In-room internet access was ridiculously pricey -- about $30 for 24 hours, if I'm remembering correctly. Customer service was at times very good; concierge staff was uniformly terrific, but service otherwise ranged from indifferent to pretty good to totally clueless. Our room was in the west wing, which we understand had the nicer rooms. However, the view was of an adjoining highrise construction site. The Metropole is very convenient to the Tube and a couple of bus routes, though the adjacent Tube station (Edgeware Road) seemed a little desolate by 9:30 or 10 at night. Also convenient to Paddington Station's Heathrow Express rail service - a short cab ride, or a moderate walk, away. It was nice having a Marks and Spencer grocery store across the street - great for picking up a bottle of wine or a snack, and way less expensive than hotel bar/restaurant prices. Many smaller ethnic restaurants are nearby, along with a few pubs, mini-marts and coffee shops. A daytime-only launderette is about 2 blocks away.	
Aug 11 2009 	Location a bit iffy but a good hotel	Stayed in mid July 2009 at the start of a Globus Monograms Independent Tour. There was a Globus desk on site which was manned 12 hours a day so this was excellent. The room was a good size with comfy bed and very clean. The breakfast buffet was excellent with loads of choices and the one thing I noticed is that the staff were all well trained and very courteous and helpful. We were disappointed when we went outside for the first time as we wanted to find a restaurant to eat at and almost the whole street was just Lebanese Restaurants and we struggled to find an Indian Restaurant or English Pub. It was however very close to Edgeware Rd Underground Station on the Bakerloo Line and the bus left from across the road to go to Harrods. I think it probably makes a better business hotel than a touristy one. For us once we converted drinks in the bar etc from NZ$ the drinks cost a small fortune. We didnt dine at the restaurants inhouse either for this reason. Marks and Spencer was across the road and a cheaper supermarket was a 5 minute stroll away for supplies. Probably wouldnt stay here again as would prefer to stay in a prettier location with character apartments and houses nearby instead of the location it was in which didnt give us a good impression of London until we saw the other parts of it.	
Aug 10 2009	Its alright but I wont stay here anymore	I stayed at this hotel with my parents in march. The hotel or at least the section we were staying at was pretty rundown.The house keeping was not so great either. There was 3 of us staying in one room and even when we let the front desk know about it still everyday we had to call house keeping to bring us extra towels and mugs. They didn't even fix their own mistakes. One of the staff dropped something down our sink in the washroom and neglected to get the problem fixed and eventually after 3 days we had to call the front desk to send someone to come and fix the sink for us! You would think this would be their job not ours!Another thing about the house keeping, they don't change the sheets unless you ask them everyday! We stayed there for 10 days and they changed our sheets once after we realized they haven't changed them for 7 days!over the wkend we were told there's going to be a secondary breakfast area for our tower but on arrival we realized half their section didn't have power and they couldn't make fresh eggs of any type for us. Another issue I had with this hotel was that they put us in a room that was open to a construction sight! I didn't mind that since i wasn't in the room during day time but i would've liked to have some heads up for it!We tried the restaurant for one of the nights we were staying in and we realized the staff we very confused and all over the place. they keep you waiting around to order your food. the food doesn't come at the same time and for what you pay the food is not that great.So all together, if I go back to London I wont stay at this hotel. I rather spend the money (which was quite a bit) and stay at a nicer 4 star hotel!	
Aug 10 2009 	Always excellent	I just returned from my 39th visit to the UK - and my 4th time at the Metropole. I stayed four nights on an executive floor in the main wing. The rooms had been redone and floor too. Always a quick breakfast in the morning, tea in the afternoon and snackie poos around 6. Nice to have a swim each day. Staff personable - and the Sandra the bartender was really sweet when she made a smiley face on my hot choc. I had tripped and fallen on the Strand, and was rather bruised, and she made me feel better. Room clean. I do not understand why anyone would think that this hotel was out of the way. One stop from Paddington - two undergrounds right across the street and a gazillion buses heading down Edgeware Road to Oxford street. Love Fatoush. Great sandwiches at Marks and Sparks. Yes, the hotel is the largest in London, but I have never been disappointed. I hope to stay at the Hilton again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Hotel Good location Good Value perfect for tourists	I stayed at this hotel for one night. We got this last minute, and for £98 this was well worth the money. Edgware Road tube is right opposite the hotel, ideal for tourists who normally jump off and on tube anyway, to see the attractions. Only took 5 minutes to book in, and check out. When offered a smoking or non smoking room we first chose non. She said there was none available at the time, though it was only 10:45am so we decided to take smoking so we could just put our bags in the room and go. Would probably opt for non smoking next time as, obviously, the rooms smelt a bit! But it was nice to be able to check in that early. Staff are friendly, especially in the leisure centre, swimming pool small but what do you expect! Would stay here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	nice stay very large hotel	stayed for the weekend ,booked ex floor not up to standards of other hiltons in this area,staff all excellent ,hotel needs to be revamped as wear and tear is starting to show ,location not bad very close to tube station 2minutes,20 minutes to oxford street,hotel gets very busy so checkin can take some time ,as i always say would i go back ,no i would try another. alan	
Aug 6 2009 	Good for Business Meetings not for Tourists	Nice BIG hotel. Very crowded, long lines for the restaurant, nice sports bar but FAR FAR AWAY from anything. There is a nice pub down the street called the Green Man. They have very good Pub Grub. If you don't mind walking this would be okay but there are alot better places closer to the tourist areas.	
Aug 6 2009 	Big Improvement	Having not stayed at this hotel for years recently had a couple of stays with clients whose HQ is just round the corner. Must say was really impressed with the improvements in terms of both service and accommodation. Check in was much better than I remember (able to use Hilton Honors check in desk) and refurbished rooms are very good - now stayed in both Towers and West Wing - the latter being particually impressive - large , well decorated and on a high floor so good views plus the aircon worked brillianlty. Executive lounge has also been tarted up - still suffers a little from being a long thin room - which gets very noisy when it's busy. Nevertheless breakfast buffet was good and fresh each time I used it.	
Aug 5 2009 	Hotel was ok	Hotel was ok... The website said that the Hotel was a 10 minute walk from Oxford Street but it was not - more like a half hour walk. Only stayed at this Hotel for 1 night and it was ok for this stay but I do not think that I would stay here agin (unless I had to!)	
Aug 3 2009 	Convenient - but expensive extras!	Our family of 4 spent a few days in London, and wanted to stay in one room. This hotel is well suited - 2 big queensize beds was great, in a fairly spacious room. Great view. Big, impersonal hotel, of course - but easy check-out without queing! We skipped breakfast at the hotel because we assumed the restaurant would be crowded. What annoyed us during our stay, was the fact that the hotel charges £15/day for the use of internet. And if you want to use the minibar as a fridge, they charge £5/day. Pretty stiff!	
Aug 2 2009 	Big hotel close to Tube great view	Stayed here two nights; were lucky--had a great view from the 20th floor of Big Ben and London Eye. Not too close to the main sights, but conveniently located between Paddington and Edgware Rd stations. Took Heathrow Express train straight from LHR to the former and walked to hotel from there; used the latter (a block away) to catch the Tube. Room was clean and staff was courteous, as expected from Hilton. Would have been nice to have free wi-fi. Marks &amp; Spencer across the street is good source for packaged food to go. Not a bad place to stay in London.	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice stay	The hotel staff were very helpful. When we checked into our room, we were very disappointed with the quality. I spoke with the young lady at the front desk and she offered an upgrade for a modest additional cost. It was well worth it! The new rooms were larger, nicer and had a much better view. Our stay from that point on was outstanding.	
Aug 1 2009 	It is what it is	Having stayed in several Hilton's around Europe it was interesting to see what was available in the UK. The hotel 'is what it is', one of the largest hotels in London with the largest conference facilities in Europe. It is vast and often full consequently busy 24/7, particularly the lobby and reception. There are clearly two parts to this hotel, the old and the new. We stayed in the old part, the largest tower - the view was good, looking over the bustle of the street and over to Wembley stadium. There was no traffic noise and the air con was effective. The room was clean, adequate and housekeeping was good - nice toiletries. The tower rooms and lobbies are clearly in need of refurb, there is a distinct damp smell as damp on each floor as you come out of the lift. The carpets in the room did have some stains on that would be easy enough to remove. Free complimentary newspaper delivered to the room each day. Breakfast was very busy but efficient staff ease the volume of people. On the second morning, a Friday, it was so packed we had to breakfast in a conference 'over spill' breakfast room. Same food ect but uncomfortable. Previous contributor to this site commented that safe in room did not accomodate laptop - no hotel I have stayed in ever has.The reception staff are extremely helpful - you can store jewellery, laptop ect in the hotel safe at no extra charge and its quick to do. No internet access in the room was a big minus. There is internet in the cafe area. There is a ATM cashmachine in the lobby but there is a charge. Pool and gym are good - hard to find in Londond hotels. Head for Bakerloo tube line for Edgware Road which is 2 mins walk away from hotel. There is a Starbuck close by and a Marks + Spencers with a food hall over the road and a Superdrug next door.	
Jul 28 2009	What upgrade?	We booked a twin room in the January sale and as it was discounted we upgraded to a Deluxe roomUpon checking in we were informed that we had been upgraded to an executive room, we couldnt wait to see the roomIt was the size of a matchbox, there is no way it was a deluxe room, never mind an executive room!! It was a small bog standard, no frills twin room. As we weren't going to spend too much time in the hotel for our one night stay we didn't complainOne other little gripe, when we checked in our room wasn't ready so we had to drop off our bags off in a general drop zone at the other end of the hotel, when we returned we then had to collect our bags, it would've been nice for the hotel to drop off the bags in our rooms for us when it was made ready.Location was good as it is very near an undergroud station and our room was quiet (perhaps this was the upgrae judging from other reviews!)Breakfast was chaotic, there were so many people staying that they had to make a function room into a dining room, however, I have to say it was well stocked and the food was good	
Jul 27 2009 	Busy noisy lousy service	Other than its location (&amp; a helpful concierge - thanks Carlos) near a tube station there is very little to recommend this hotel. The hotel is busy (&amp; I mean extremely busy!) and it does not appear that the hotel services can cope with the numbers.The room is basic and even though we had some reasonable views from the West Wing high floor, I can understand the other comments earlier. The hotel needs renovating - the hallway carpets are quite bare in sections. Housekeeping was lousy - we were there for seven days and it did not appear that the room was vacuumed even once. We had to ask for towels and soap every single day as there were always two towels left (we were three in the room) and we complained every day (yes, sir will be noted and not happen again) and it happened every single day.The hotel was busy and breakfast lines were long - 20 mins wait the first day and then breakfast in a different room every day as &quot;overflow&quot;. The staff were trying to cope - but were not really coping. The hallways near the rooms were noisy with children running around, people returning late at night etc and the room did not have good sound proofing.	
Jul 26 2009 	OK Hotel for Business - Its big and impersonal	The Hilton Metropole is a huge hotel and the fact is not disguised. It could theoretically be run as a number of discrete units which would make it much friendlier and less impersonal. I use this hotel regular for business and you get exactly “what it says on the label”.There are always several receptionists on duty, and I have never had to wait very long for check-in or check-out.The rooms are basic – wardrobe, desk, bed, bedside tables, chair and table. I am never sure whether it is that the rooms could accommodate more furniture or because of the décor – but they always feel a little bare, cold and empty. There is a small safe in the wardrobe which will take basics but not big enough to accommodate a laptop. Bathrooms in the executive rooms have separate shower and bath-tub which is good.There is a good sized swimming pool which is never that busy given the size of hotel. The changing rooms can be dirty, it can be difficult to find an available locker and the showering facilities are small.The executive lounge has a reasonable range of foods for breakfast but can be very busy and as a single traveller it is not uncommon to have to share a table, no matter what time you take breakfast.One thing to watch is that mobile coverage around the hotel is variable, and one side of the hotel has very little 3G coverage on any network. This has yet to tempt me to pay £15 for the hotel’s wired Internet service.I have used room service a few times and the food is always good although not cheap.The hotel is good if you want to be in the Edgware Road area of London and is convenient to tubes, buses, etc.	
Jul 24 2009 	OK - Expensive for what you get	Service was standardThe room was average, lousy view, but only used to sleep (beds ok)Location is good with tubes nearby, and you can take a nice walk thru Hyde Park and get to Buckingham Palace Area within a half hour. Do not like the fact that Internet access was not provided for free (my teenage boy went &quot;nuts&quot; over this) as his IPod Touch was to guide us for the trip. Most Hotels in this $ range in the US gives free access.liked best: nice buffet breakfast (good selection of food)liked least: No free internet access for guests of the hotelps - I would have searched harder for a better hotel - this hotel was recommended by an older couple with much diposable income.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location - Good service - walls thin as paper	Me and my wife stayed at the Hilton Metropole for five nights during our stay in London. We got a (for London anyway) good price via Priceline. We got our room in the Tower part of the hotel and the view from the room was amazing. The room itself was rather small (although that is not too important for us since we do not want to stay too much in the room anyway when were on vacation) and it was fairly old looking, That itself was no problem. The problem was that the walls were extremly thin. We could clearly here what TV-show was watched in the adjoining room. One morning we were awaken by somebody in the next room were using the hairdryer at 7.30 am. It sounded as if the hairdryer was just besides our bed. Not a nice to wake up. Another morning we were awaken by a man praying in the room besides ours. The location is of the Hilton Metropole is excellent. It is only a 10-15 minute was to Hyde Park/Marble Arch and there are also two tube stations within 50-100 metres of the hotel. There are also a number of buses that can take you around London. We went to the Fulham-Manchester United game at Craven Cottage in South London. We were able to catch a bus just outside the hotel that went to Fulham. It took about one hour but it was a very good way to see the southern parts of London as the bus drove south on Chelsea Road. The service of the hotel was great. Check in was a breeze and all the staff was very helpful. The maid somehow managed to break a bottle of my wifes foundation. I would expect to be informed about that but it was only discovered when my wife were to use it. We talked to the concierge about that (Ryan something) and he was very apologetic and really tried his best to find another of the same brand. When he couldn't he offered us dinner instead. Great work by Ryan.Would I go back again? If I could get another room were I would not here the adjoining rooms I would definately go back.	
Jul 22 2009 	Eh...	Avoid the TOWER section if at all possible. The rooms are impossibly cramped (approx 12x12?) and there are NO electrical outlets for anything you might need to plug in aside from ONE in the &quot;entrance hall&quot;- NO supplied hair dryers in the bathroom and no outlets in there either if you bring one anyway! There is NO furniture to place clothing into other than an absurdly small closet that barely contained clothing for one traveller- no way two- we lived out of our suitcases for 10 days. The walls were paper thin as well- we were on the 6th floor and we could STILL hear the ordinary street noise- I don't mean the police sirens, I mean car and bus traffic and people calling to each other across the street. Every sound that came from the elevator or people talking around the corner or the television in the room down the hall could be heard. In addition, the room was lit VERY poorly with one small desk lamp and the small lights over the bed. Despite being told at reception that ALL the rooms in the hotel are EXACTLY the same, we saw a STANDARD room in the newer section of the hotel and it was twice the size, furnished as most American hotels are and appeared to be much more comfortable.There was much to be desired about the food as well. Perhaps the variety of American menu choices have spoiled me, but aside from the pastries, there was little flavor to the morning breakfast buffet and most of the selection was an assortment of fried foods and saturated fats. I didn't stick around for lunch but in all fairness I heard the Asian restaurant on the 23rd floor was very good, yet I couldn't afford the 25 Pound cost for some fired rice or noodles.On the positive, the staff at this hotel were EXTREMELY polite and helpful when needed. They were knowledgeable about public transportation and routes that were best to take for various day trips and suggestions when we were bored.The location of the hotel as far as getting around on public transportation couldn't be more convenient - a tube station is across the street and a few more a few blocks- bus stops not a block away and if you have it in you to walk- you COULD get to almost any part of the &quot;tourist&quot; areas on foot as we did almost every day. If you need wireless access, be prepared to pay quite a bit for it. There's access in the lobby on 2 computer terminals but they are quite slow- WiFi in the rooms as well, but that's a costly daily expense. There's a 24-hour market across the street with an internet cafe in the back with MUCH better rates for this service if you need it with FASTER computers.The property is clean and has a gym with an indoor pool, but both are quite small and you'd get a better workout walking around the city.Overall, it's not a bad hotel, just make sure you know what you are paying for. NOT all rooms are the same and don't pay for the 'extras' you don't need at this hotel- there's less expensive options around in an already VERY costly city.	
Jul 20 2009 	A good central London hotel	I've stayed in quite a few different hotels in London now (including two other Hiltons) and I can recommend this hotel.We arrived early morning off a flight from Canada, and after a longish tube ride to Edgware Rd station, we were glad the hotel was able to check us in at 10 AM. Unfortunately the only room they had was a smoking room, on the first floor, however as our stay in London was short we were happy to just get a room at this early hour. The room, as promised, didn't smell of smoke at all and although small, was comfortable and served our purposes.The hotel itself is a busy convention hotel; the location is good as Edgware Rd tube is connected to a few different lines so it is easy to get around. The immediate area around the hotel isn't very exciting, but most of London is only a few stops away.As this was my first experience with the Hilton breakfast, I can just say that if you like big breakfasts, the Hiltons won't disappoint - I've stayed at a few and rest assured you'll eat well. It's not gourmet, but it fills you up before a day of travelling or sightseeing.Overall, a good bet - I preferred the Hilton Paddington, but this one is usually a few dollars cheaper so I would pocket the savings and stay here next time most likely.	
Jul 20 2009 	You get what you pay for	Got a deeply discounted rate from a travel site. Arrived around 11:00 PM - all restaurants closed (room service available - I think). found a lovely Spanish restaurant within two hundred (200) feet serving till 1:00 AM. The restaurant on the top floor was not open in the afternoon, nor late, so we never experienced it. Had a room in the tower, tenth floor, okay, though the windows did not open and you could not control the HVAC, and I suspect this is an older portion of the hotel as the lobby was new, bright, modern - not so the room. Got a &quot;so-called&quot; king bed as requested. This one had two full size mattresses pushed together and they did not match in height, comfort, sound(s) yes, sounds, etc.. The towels were not up to (Hilton) standards, totally non absorbant and you could almost look through them. The bathroom was small and the bathtub/shower was only for the nimble as the less coordinated would have difficulty entering and exiting. Housekeeping never removed a spoon (there upon arrival) in the drain of the sink resulting in water sitting in bowl, though I placed the stopper so they would see the problem. The elevators moved quickly and were working without delay (cannot be said of the tube elevators). Requested a late checkout and was told that one could be had at an additional charge of 20 GBP an hour - are they kidding? Did leave luggage in area provided by hotel for free and that worked fine. A walk, a long one, form the express Heathrow train at Paddington, but two stations of the tube within a two minute walk, so it was convenient for what we wanted to see.	
Jul 19 2009 	Very Average Hotel	Location- good, near Edgware Road Tube. Check in slow. Very busy hotel. Room-5th floor view of a wall! Get a higher up room guys. Bathroom ultra tiny,basic, tired. Room- ok sorry guys but running a hotel means attention to detail we arrived delighted to fin tea coffee making but without cups! (I know its not the endof the world as we know it but........).Bed requested double it was two singles pushed together not very comfortable. Carpet-stained and old. There is no way this is a four star hotel its a very basic 3 star. Fod and drink in the hotel is vastly overpriced too. £5 for a cup of coffee in the lobby!Wont be staying here again.One positive nice view of Lodon from the sky bar top floor.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Staff...but watch out for the View (or lack thereof!)	Stayed 4 nights here. Room adequate. Shower/bath facilities could have been better. Very stingy with facecloths and bath products. Window looked out onto another part of the hotel without any viewing other than windows looking back into us. I'd check that out when checking in and ask for a nice (decent?) view. Location very convenient as close to tube stops and food/clothing stores right across the street. Staff very pleasing. Went up to top floor restaurant for drinks twice...but food not to our liking...even for appetizers. Too bad, I think they are missing out on a captured audience as the view is very nice (especially if you are only looking at concrete walls and windows from your hotel room). Very high traffic hotel as lots of people coming and going. Good gathering spot. (Note: Internet access available for a Fee). Great morning breakfasts...you will be very satisfied with the start of your day in their restaurant.	
Jul 17 2009 	Never Again	I regularly stay at Hilton hotels however this has to be the worst stay I've ever had. The rooms were extremely noisy and the air conditioning was not functioning. The fire alarm went off which seemed to induce a panic in all the staff who didn't appear to have a clue what to do! Breakfast had to be moved into a hall as the normal room for breakfast became full very quicklyWorst of all they did not acknowledge my complaint, and when they did the response was not satisfactory. Very poor	
Jul 17 2009 	Will stay again...	Just a couple of minutes walk from Edgeware Road tube station (district, circle, and hammersmith and city lines), this is an ideally located hotel for those businessmen and tourists wanting to head in to the city. I was checked in quickly to a tower room on the 11th floor. The room and bathroom were nicely decorated and I had a lovely view out to Wembley Stadium. The bed was comfortable and there was (luckily) a decent iron and ironing board in the room. I ate dinner in the hotel and I must say I was very disappointed. My pea and mint soup was nice but the lamb curry I had was like Sunday roast leftovers stewed for three days with a bit of curry powder thrown at it. Yuck. The conversation I had with the waiter when he cleared went like this:Waiter: You didn’t eat much of that, didn’t you like it?Me: It wasn’t very nice actually.Waiter: So you didn’t like it.Me: No, I said it wasn’t very nice.Waiter: &lt;&lt;Looks embarrassed and exit stage left&gt;&gt;He should have done something (offered to take it off the bill, bring me something else). Breakfast was fine. Checkout was a breeze. I’d stay here again (but probably eat somewhere else, maybe ever the Japanese restaurant they have on the 23rd floor).	
Jul 16 2009 	Gigantic Hotel handy for tube	Stayed here for 2 nights, couldn't believe the size of the hotel when we got there, loved the fact it was straight across the road from Edgeware station. Check in was fast and friendly and as others have said althought it was really busy at breakfast staff were very efficient and helpful trying to get everyone seated. We had a room for four which is a rarity in London and saved us a few pound and it was spacious enough for us all. We only had two mugs in our room for tea and coffee and it took about four calls before we managed to get another two, our minibar was also full of someones food some of which was two weeks out of date! We had gone for the bed, breakfast and dinner package, to help us save a bit of money. Our meal was served in the Fiamma restuarant and was a set menu, on the first night the food was lovely and the waiter was very efficient and friendly, on the second night I actually ordered the same as I had the night before because it had been so good, but was left disappointed. The waiter on the second night seemed to treat us as second class because we had the set menu, we could see him fussing round other people while we waited over an hour for our main course, and found it almost impossible to order wine. I would stay here again but wouldn't get dinner included. We visited the London Dungeon which was good, but definitely not worth £21.95, so make sure you get a half price offer from somewhere, if you like cocktails, I thoroughly recommend Maxwells in Covent Garden, they have a happy hour between 5 and 8 and their cocktails are to die for, food is pretty good too!	
Jul 12 2009 	Friendly service with a smile even though they were very busy!	I stayed two nights at this hotel with a friend. The hotel was full and very busy but we were very impressed by the friendliness of the staff. They always smiled and several had a joke or two with us. When I asked where to get ice the employee immediately offered to get us a bucket to save me having to go to another floor to find an ice machine.We were a bit concerned when we saw a large queue for breakfast but it moved very fast and when we got into the breakfast room we could see why. There were lots of staff all working together really well to ensure that tables were cleared and the delicious food was kept topped up. We weren't rushed at all and the staff still gave good service no matter how busy they were.This hotel is right opposite the Edgeware Road tube station and as such, a perfect location for touring London.The room was comfortable and clean, if quite small and for the price we paid good value for money. This is not 5 star but then I didn't pay 5 star prices!	
Jul 9 2009 	another visit	Stayed here again, and it's still a good bet for London. Not my favorite location, but much more central than many others. While the main street, Edgeware Road, is busy, a block either way is much quieter, and a much more pleasant walk into town or any place else. While the tube stop is very convenient, we walked to most places instead, much nicer. If coming or going to Heathrow, then the fast train from Paddington Stn., is a short walk away, no need to jump on the tube for one stop. Was surprised to read about the 'smoking' - didn't get any of that, thank goodness, though I would have talked to someone if there was any smoking or smell of smoke. Got an excellent rate on the internet, which didn't breakfast, which worked out well as it looked much more busy than usual; in fact the whole hotel seemed busier. Instead, we kept food in our room for breakfast or went to one of the small local outdoor cafes nearby. Even being so busy, found service good, and as a HIlton Honours member, we were treated well, got our room early etc.. The rooms could do with an update for sure, but if you get a good deal, it's worth while.	
Jul 6 2009 	Hilton Metropole- stylish 	Never stayed in a Hilton in London before and after my stay i would def recommend it, although not dead central if going to the westend like we were.It was a hotel easily reached and it with style that more than made up for the out of town location, plus a nice pool and sauna to use as well to relax in after a busy day on the streets of London.The room was spacious with huge double beds and a great view over the city was also a highlight. Breakfast was busy between 9 &amp; 10am, so go early if want to avoid the ques for seating, but a great choice for both meat &amp; vegi eaters even a good healthy options to choose from if prefered. The hotel is huge and does have shops and restaurants &amp; bars to keep you happy &amp; catered for. Only fault if i had to state was its location but everything else was excellent and good value for money	
Jul 6 2009 	Hilton Metropole is just fine...	The mixed reviews had me worried when I booked this hotel for my family vacation. Those worries were unfounded. The hotel is fine. Rooms in the West Wing are big and comfortable. There is no free wi-fi in the lobby (something I missed and that is found at most other HIltons). The service was good. The rooms could use some updating as they are very drab and the housekeeping was very basic (made beds, and new towells, no vacumming or other clean up). However, it was more than adequate and the neighborhood isn't seedy (as some have mentioned) . Access to and from the tube/train/and airport is easy. Best of all -- there is a bedding option for 4 persons -- something oddly scarce in London. Executive lounge goodies were delicious!Lobby is 3 star and rooms are 2 star by US standards. Don't worry if you've booked this hotel and have a good trip. Melanie	
Jul 6 2009 	3 Star at best... some problems here	The rooms are in need of refurbishment. Hallways were not real clean, carpet stains all over and age of hotel showing. It's really a 3 star at best. The location is a bit odd, it's in a mostly middle-eastern neighborhood. Lots of middle eastern restaurants nearby, but nothing else. Nice Marks and Spencer across the street, and other supermarkets nearby. 2 subway/tube lines close by to get you anywhere in London pretty fast. The hotel allows smoking just about everywhere. My room was supposedly a nonsmoking room, but it reeked. THey offered to move me but i'm certain all the rooms were that way. The main restaurant had great food, but very expensive. I didn't like the room's mini bar, cause you can't put anything in it, and they charge to rent an empty one. It's one of those minibars that if you move an item, you're charged for it. Everything worked fine, hot water, a/c, lights, etc. I had a quiet room, but others told me their room was noisy. THe staff was very friendly all over. I got the room using Hotwire and they did give me a small upgrade to this slightly larger room. Others told me their regular rooms were very small. THe hotel is very large and spread out. It has an indoor pool that looked nice. Also a gym for guests. THe price was reasonable but if you're real picky, i doubt you will be happy here, but you'll spend double the price for a genuine 4 star hotel elsewhere. If you like to be around cigarette smoke, this hotel is for you. It's everywhere. And they have the nerve to have signs all over that say the &quot;entire hotel is non smoking&quot;, yet they have smoking floors. Go figure.	
Jul 3 2009 	A perfect stay	I stayed here for 3 nights with my boyfriend in june. The hotel is in a good location with links to the bakerloo line and the circle and district lines. Within walking distance of Hyde park and oxford street. Check in and check out were both very quick. having arrived at 10 am we used the hotel luggage storage and got into our room at 1pm. The breakfast is such a treat. well worth the money, so much food, it is hard to know where to start. We didn't have time to use the pool or other facilities but found the hotel staff to be very helpful and keen to please. Our room was a king room (standard room) in the tower section of the hotel. It is probably one of the older parts of the hotel and it shows its age only very slightly. For being quite central the room was very quiet and the air con worked well for a good nights sleep. I would return to this hotel if the price was right.	
Jul 2 2009 	Huge but fantastic - really impressed	We stayed here in June 2009 and had a wonderful time. Superior Family room was HUGE with 2 large beds, and our views from the 7th floor were wonderful. Room service spaghetti carbonara was excellent. The pool is a bit small, but that's to be expected in London I should imagine. The neighbourhood has lots of great Lebanese restaurants and we felt safe walking after dark with our family. The hotel is close to Hyde Park and Marble Arch. We got a good deal on the Hilton website and would love to stay here again. We did find the hotel to be a bit on the large side, and getting to the pool was like walking through an airport what with going from one wing to the other and using 2 elevators. Also parking is hugely expensive at £30/night, and isn't guaranteed even if you have a reservation.	
Jun 25 2009 	Very Nice Hotel - Comfortable 	My husband and I stayed here for a portion of our honeymoon and we were very happy. When we told the woman at check in we were on our honeymoon she upgraded us to a deluxe room with an amazing view for free. For a London hotel the room was spacious enough (how much time do you want to be in the room anyway - there is so much to see!) and pretty comfortable. The location was great, about 15 minutes from Paddington Station (convenient for getting to and from the airport) and only steps away from the Edgeware station so getting around was a breeze. It was also close enough to walk to Marble Arch, Baker Street and Selfridges.The concierge was very helpful and provided us with maps and directions.The Hotel also had a nice pool (good for a quick dip to rest those aching bones after a long day of touring) and a small fitness room.We were very pleased with the Hotel and for London the price was definitely right!	
Jun 23 2009 	Fair quality rooms would need some refurbishment	Stayed at Hilton for one night during a conference. Very friendly staff at the check-in, nice welcoming. Room at the west tower was a little bit outdated, taps loose etc. The room had a door leading to next room, which had a poor soundproof, so neighbours discussions were audible. Good breakfast with lots of fresh fruits. Decent stay for business, but not good value for the money.	
Jun 21 2009 	Good half price deal	I booked this during one of Hilton's half price room deals so thought it was good value for two nights. Our executive room was not huge but was comfortable. We stayed B&amp;B. On the first night we had a fabulous, great value meal at a Lebanese restaurant just a few blocks away on the Edgware Rd. This is not the most central of Hilton's London Hotels but was fine for us visiting Maida Vale and Wembley. It's very close to the tube station and but required a change of line for Euston, Leciester Square and Oxford Street outings. This was OK for us as we are quite confident using the underground. We god good value from the tube day ticket.	
Jun 17 2009 	Central and Friendly Staff	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in a queen deluxe plus room. We checked in at 10.00am and were given our room straight away - brilliant!! The reception staff were efficient and friendly, as were all the staff. Hotel is large but there wasn't much of a queue. The room was large and clean with all mod cons:- internet access, safe and flat screen tv. The hotel is right next to the tube station, with a M&amp;S, Starbucks, Waitrose and Macdonalds (for the kids!!) within a few minutes walk. Less than 10 minutes takes you to Oxford street. We never had to queue for breakfast and the check out was as quick as the check in!! All in all a great hotel for a short break in London. Priscilla Queen of the Desert was a must!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Great hotel to explore London	Travel Info: 4 adults in a Queen Deluxe Plus (2 queen beds)Dates: May 19-22, 2009Cost: 680Pounds (around $900USD) - this included the BreakfastI chose this hotel after looking at hundreds of hotels and I finally gave up and went w/ a Hilton because my boyfriend's mom has been accumulating Hilton points so I figured I'd just book this place. This place was a little cheaper than the Paddington one. After looking around I figured $300/night isn't too bad for 4 people w/ breakfast included. Things that were great:-Good and plentiful breakfast. We usually ate around 9 a.m. and it wasn't that crowded at all. It was also during the week so I&quot;m not sure if it's busier on the weekends. Great items to choose from and an make-it-your-way egg stand. The little jars of jams were great as well.-Room was a good size. It wasn't large by any means but definitely comfortable for 4 adults. The room was in the new tower and overlooked a building being constructed/remodeled. -Location: The hotel is right next to the Edgware Rd. underground which was great to get around London. It's not in the heart of the tourist stuff but it makes it easy to get to everywhere. The area is also in the Middle Eastern area. Lots of mediterranean restaurants, hookah bars, etc. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer right across the street - that came in handy for some snacks and drinks. -Staff was friendly and very helpful-Bar area is open until 2 a.m. This is good because a lot of the bars around here close at 11 p.m. or so. We took the Heathrow Connect to Paddington station and hoofed it to the hotel. It is about a 10 minute walk w/ luggage. Boyf's parents were a little winded after the walk but if you're healthy you should be able to do it easily. Overall, we had a great experience at this location. No real gripes! FYI - don't use the pay internet in the lobby. There are numerous internet cafes in the area for a lot cheaper!	
Jun 15 2009 	Brilliant location Great Breakfast!!	Looked very large from the outside but it was so close to the underground it is perfect for a weekend break. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite which we would normally couldnt afford and it was really lovely, very trendy, clean and spacious.We had room service because we made use of the lovely dining area and it came when we wanted and was good value for money. The best bit is the all inclusive buffet breakfast which had everything you can imagine. The only negative I can think of is the smell of the chlorine from the pool in the corridor to our room which was very overpowering but didnt affect our stay. All in all stay in a suite if you can!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Will stay here again with caveats	I had looked at his hotel during a stay at the Hilton Kensington in June 2008 (I go to London in June of every year) and really liked it's first impressions. I booked an executive room for the first week of June 2009 for myself, and a deluxe room for my 17 year old son. Both rooms were as expected; my son's high on the 21st floor and mine in the executive section on the eighth floor. I picked this hotel because of its location: I wanted to show London to my son, and this hotel is very close to Paddington station, the Edgeware station (on the all-important circle line) and only a ten-minute walk to the Marble Arch (a major tour bus stop). The check in was very smooth even though there was a convention checking in at the same time. This hotel has a Hilton Honors express check in which made my wait less than five minutes. My first impressions of the rooms would be rated as very nice. Both rooms had a veiw of Westminster; very clear views of the Abbey, Parliament, the Eye, and other prominent sites. First, the good stuff:Without question or exception, the hotel was professional, friendly, efficient and helpful. I made very few requests (a car to the airport, a few show tickets, some directions), and every question or request was answered quickly and spot on.All of the restaurants in the hotel are excellent. An excellent breakfast may be had at Fiamma; go for the full buffet and enjoy. Do not miss out on some outstanding sushi at the very top of the hotel, at Nippon Tuk.The room service is fast, efficient, and very good.Rooms were cleaned late in the morning, and when complete, always looked spotless, like we were just checking in. The cleaning staff was always willing to leave me a few extra packages of Earl Grey and biscuits, one of my weaknesses. Upon closer inspection of the rooms, however, some things need to be fixed. The executive room, while very large and comfortable by European standards, needed a carpet change due to numerous stains. Although I had a balcony, which I always enjoy, the door to it had the knobs removed; very disappointing because I enjoy city views immensely. The bathroom sink had a few chips in it, and the electrical outlet was so lose that my razor plug would not stay in it.The carpet in my son's room was the same, very stained. We had asked on the first day that his in-room safe be fixed or replaced, but it never was (at least during our stay).The internet access, at 15 pounds per day, is very overpriced.All in all, I would stay at this hotel again. I highly recommend it to anybody who is considering hotels in London.	
Jun 9 2009 	Comfortable room great staff but a little off the beaten path	Rooms accomodating 4 persons are hard to find in Europe but this room was big, comfortable and clean. We were greeted promptly and shown to our room - if you are in the West Tower, expect a LONG walk! We purchased the dinner and breakfast package. Both meals were very good but didn't include drinks (sodas, alcohol, etc.).The hotel is located at the north west edge of the central London area but very close the Edgeware Station (one block). The London Underground is an excellent way to get around - if you are staying for several days, definitely get the travel card for unlimited access to t he Tube. Trains are frequent, clean and I never saw any beggars or vagrants on the trains (like I did in Paris). Children under 10 are free with a paying adult and ages 11-15 pay one pound for an unlimited day pass good after 9:30am (cash fare is an additional 2 pounds if you want to travel before 9:30am).Hotel is close to Paddington Express from Heathrow; however, if you are traveling with four people, you might as well take a cab. It's almost the same price and it's hard to wrestle your luggage through the underground and on the train.	
Jun 3 2009 	great stay	Good experience staying here. Especially enjoyed the Hilton breakfast! Good location. Walking distance from Hyde park.	
Jun 1 2009 	Friendly staff	The hotel really nice and the staff helped me a lot with recommanding things to do and see in London. The location is perfect for exploring London because of the short way to the tube. our room was clean and well worth the money. I would recommand this hotel to everybody who is looking for a trip to London!!	
May 26 2009 	GOOD LOCATION	This hotel is perfect if you are sightseeing as it is next to a tube station. It is a good location too if you are driving from the north. We went to the end of the M1 and the hotel was on the main Edgeware Road, which took the hastle out of driving. Our room was good but as we were in a city the windows did not open so we had to sleep with the airconditioning on. The breakfasts were good but some mornings were overcrowded but we were accomodated in another enormous room. The food, however, was still hot despite catering for so many people. The toiletries were La Source which was a bonus.	
May 26 2009 	Clean rooms great location!	This Hilton is located 5min walk from the Paddington Station. It's a large hotel and the lobby could be a bit chaoitc. We had rooms in the old Tower Wing. The room is clean with clean bathroom - nice and quite. The staffs are very friendly. I brought the wrong adaptor and you can borrow one with a small deposit (the room service brought it up in 5 minutes!). I would stay here again. Edgware Tube stop (yellow, green and brown), just north of the Hyde Park. You will have to take the tube to most of the London attractions, but the yellow line will hit many places you wan to go. M&amp;S is across the street, and further into the Chapel street is a great pub called The Chapel (great place to have drinks and pub food).	
May 26 2009 	excellent hotel happy to return anytime!	we booked a 3 night stay as a family and stayed in the deluxe rooms.On arrival there was an quick and easy check in.the room was very clean and the beds comfy. The only downside was the view from the bedroom window(or rather lack of it ) we were at the back of the hotel and looked out onto a huge multi storey building of scaffolding but it didn't spoil our stay. The staff were extremely polite and helpful, the breakfast room was fantastic with plenty of choices for everyone, the car park prices are steep (but then this is london) The locattion of the hotel is good with easy access to tube and bus. overall a pleasant stay and would return anytime.	
May 25 2009 	Lovely hotel good location we had a great stay!	We stayed here for 4 nights and we had such a good time! Our room was clean and spacious, the breakfast buffet in the morning was great.. Staff was very kind! Although it seemed very busy in the hotel during the day, the halls were very quiet during the evenings and nights. (good night's sleep!) The hotel is very close to the tube, and it took only a couple of minutes to travel to various places in London, from Oxford street to Hyde Park and Covent Garden. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend!	
May 23 2009	Excellent location. Great breakfast buffet!	The location of this hotel was fantastic. The Edgware Road tube station is basically across the street and Paddington Station is a 10 minute walk. The breakfast buffet is wonderful. I never had to wait as some have stated here. The rooms are a little small, but I didn't care as I was out sight seeing and not in the room much.	
May 22 2009 	Stayed for a week what a top location	This was purchased using 'top secret' deal on last minute.com. A pleasant surprise to find out it was this HIlton! When we checked in we got offered an upgrade to the club lounge for fifty pound a day extra, this turned out to be a great decision as it included breakfast, afternoon tea, light tea and unlimited drinks between 6 and 8pm. For two people this was very good value. We had a corner room 5 floors up but it was still abit noisy.	
May 22 2009 	Great view	We choose the hotel for the view shown on the web. Upon arriving we were not given the expected room and they changed us to the room we expected. So the view was simply great.The room was OK (although it could be refurbished soon).The sauna and the pool were ok but as the pool is very small we had to wait to get in (too many people where there that WE).Location is close to transportation.	
May 22 2009 	Excellent hotel central location with great facilities.	I meant to write this review a while ago but have only got round to it, but felt compelled to review it as I stayed there with my family on a trip to London and had an absolutely fabulous time.When we were booking the trip the hotel was extremely reasonable and I was quite nervous as the reviews were very mixed however I decided to try the hotel. A group of 11 of us went including my parents who usually stay at 4-5 star accommodation only, and a family of 4 with 2 young children. The hotel catered for everyone!! We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast each morning was absolutely amazing. They have a wide variety from continental to cooked breakfasts and a particular favourite of mine were the omelettes made to order whilst you waited.2 of the 4 rooms had a beautiful view of London, however the other 2 had a nice view and all were cleaned and decorated to a very high standard.The location is this hotel best quality as it is located on the Edgeware Road and a 15 minute walk to Oxford Street which was great and only 2 minutes (if even) to the tube.The health suite, bar, restaurants and room service were all utilised by our party and there was never any problems. I travel quite regularly to London and would advise anyone to stay at this hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Generally pretty good	I've stayed here for quite a few weeks in Mar/Apr/May 2009. In general the hotel is pretty good, probably one of the better in its class/price range in London (I have tried quite a few). It's huge, so a bit impersonal, but the rooms are generally pretty nice (ask for one in the West Wing rather than The Tower - they are MUCH larger, normally with two big double beds). Staff at breakfast are irritatingly slow, and there are often long lines - go to the executive lounge instead if you can/are allowed to. It's a big conference venue, although they handle it well - big crowds of people in reception sometimes but it doesn't slow things down much.The hotel is a little poorly placed - not that central for business unless your office happens to be in this area. For tourists, probably a bit better as it's not that far from Oxford St.Gym and pool pretty good, if a little busy at times.	
May 18 2009 	Theft Problem?	I stayed in London for 1 night on the May bank holiday. Friends booked the hotel as it stated it was close to everything. Close to everything dingy?? We arrived from Dublin at 3pm on Sunday afternoon, checked in &amp; got to our basic, run down room which smelt like a hospital ward. After a night out I undressed in the bathroom &amp; left my dress hanging on a hook on the back of the door. We left the hotel at 11am on Monday morning. On the Gatwick express I remembered the dress. I mailed the hotel at 5pm (the minute I got home) to say I'd forgotten the dress, could they send it back. By Wednesday I'd heard nothing so called the hotel. They confirmed they'd received my mail but were still &quot;looking into it&quot;. On friday I got a mail to state that records had been checked but nothing was left in the room. I returned a mail stating I was 100% sure the dress was left in the hotel, could they check again, as unless they had a problem with staff taking what guests left behind it HAD to be in the hotel!!By Tuesday, i'd still heard nada. So I mailed the head office. They replied to say due to the nature of the complaint they'd forwarded my mail to the hotel itself. Two days later, I received a mail saying the dress was not in the hotel, was I sure one of the other guests in the room (my husband) hadn't packed it. We had two small bags due to the nature of the visit and I know that I left the dress in the bathroom.I can only assume that cleaning decided they liked it as much as I did and took it home. I'm disgusted. Not only that someone in the hotel is a thief but how the problem was dealt with. I will never set foot in a hilton group hotel again.	
May 17 2009 	Hit and Miss...	The Metropole is a strange hotel - you either get a great room that is quiet or you get a small pokey room that is noisey (too close to lift!).The location isn't great for business, you always need to get a cab or the tube to work or to the west end.The Hilton loyalty scheme is the main reason I keep going back!	
May 17 2009 	Lower than Hilton standards	I had booked this Hotel for my Easter trip, close to Paddington train station (5 minutes walk), and to the Tube (Bakerloo, Circle amongst other are 2 minutes away), I thought it was a nice location to stay, and it was indeed.I had booked an executive room for 4 nights. Check in was a pain, I waited 20 minutes in the queue, and there were no indication of where to do the executive check in. The room I got happened to be on the 2nd floor, rather strange for an executive room, I would have expected it to be on a much higher floor than that. Furthermore, I discovered that the swimming pool was in the center area on this very same floor, and executive rooms all around it. It was therefore warm and noisy with all the kids activity around at the pool (which I understand is normal due to Easter vacations). Nevertheless, if you ask me, I think it's unacceptable confitions for rooms you pay 50% more than normal ones.The first evening around 12pm, the neighbour arrived and started talking on the phone. I felt he was standing in my room. Needless to say, I was out of there in 2 minutes. I complain to the clerk at the reception and ask for another room. She got it for me but really could not care less about my complaints and made me felt like I was a beeing a pain... The new room was also located on the 2nd floor. Inside the room, it felt ok, clean, spacious but not that impressive and the bathrooms could use a revamp as they are staring to get old. TV channels were very limited, but yet again I wasn't there to watch TV.The executive lounge was fine, but half of it was closed all the time (even though it was Easter, and the hotel fully booked!). The staff there was very helpfull, I got to loan a continental power converter for my phone charger, and did the check out there.Breakfast in the main restaurant is definitely a no go, way too crowded, and a hell of a queue... Executive lounge was very usefull then and with pretty much all you need for breakfast. Relaxing and quiet.All in all this was a mixed experience. Paying 50% extra to get noisy warm rooms on the second floor is not exactly what I call good value, but the lounge lives to your expactations and the location (Paddington is kind of a little Lebanon, charming and cosmopolite, but tipically british isn't far away with Regent's park, Little Venice and St Johns's wood) makes this an ok hotel. Not sure if I'll be back though.	
May 14 2009 	Nice room but staff don't particularly go out of their way for you	I stayed here for 2 nights whilst doing an event in the same hotel. We arrived quite early and they wouldn't let me check in so I had to change in the gym which was a bit annoying (I mean its a huge hotel, they must have had a couple of free rooms!)Room: I loved the floor to ceiling window. The room was big, I had 2 double beds (was by myself), the bed was reasonably comfy. Bathroom ok, nothing special (as always seems to be in the Hiltons I've stayed at). But I like the Crabtree toiletries they always have, I always take them home! The kettle in my room didn't work as when I boiled the water it didn't switch off, so eventually was all steam!Service: Nothing special, but on a personal level I didn't have any special requests. They didn't strike me as going out of their way to please. However, as mentionned we were doing an event at this hotel, and we found the conference department not the easiest to work with. As we were setting up late we wanted to order food and put it on our conference bill. But they would only let us put it on room service, and as there were 20 people no one wants that on their room (and it was too much hassle to get all of our clients to put it on their rooms individually). I have done conferences in many hotels and never had this problem except here. When you're spending £50k on an event you expect some leniency. In the end we said forget it and ordered take away pizza to be delivered to the hotel! I don't think they were pleased when a man from Pizza Hut turned up with 20 pizzas and walked through their hotel past all their guests.Food: Breakfast was quite big and varied, lots of space in the restaurant. Didn't have dinner there	
May 12 2009 	Nice surprise terrific area easy transportation	We booked this Hilton via Hotwire.com for an insanely nice price. We came to London to see Madonna at the Wembley Stadium and access via the London Tube was very easy - much easier than expected. The hotel itself is very clean and well-maintained. The staff was great right from the start. We had a &quot;Queen Superior&quot; (quite appropriate considering the concert we were about to see) but since we preferred a &quot;Twin&quot; room we got that instead. The room was very nice, clean and I loved the bathroom! The only thing wrong was the sink was clogged but someone fixed it immediately.The only thing to note is if you open the fridge, DO NOT move anything. Not even a bag of chips unless you plan to buy. The appliance is motion controlled and you are billed immediately even if you didn't take any items.There is a Starbucks across the street so save yourself some money as our in-hotel coffee and pastries came to $40.00 for two people. Hyde Park is nice walk away, too. Enjoyed it very much.Staff was great and they deleted the bar charge when I told them I snooped around the fridge out of curiosity not knowing we were charged money for it. Nice people.Decor was fine and beds were comfy. Bathroom was amazing. No shabby-ness whatsoever.	
May 11 2009 	Nothing special...	When someone books a room at a Hilton hotel expects at least a good hotel. Well this one is not! Its an old hotel maybe build in the seventies and shows its age. We had a very spacious room with two double beds which were good enough. Our room was in the eleventh floor of the west wing and the view was very good.But the decoration of the room and of the hotel is terrible!Worn carpets, dirty, with stains that are now a part of the carpet ornament. The furniture are old and full of scratches. The main lamp did not work. The tap in the bathroom was broken even though it functioned ok! The bathroom small with no good ventilation. There was no brush to clean the toilet!!!The cosmetics in the bathroom were awful. Not even a shower cap for the ladies.This hotel need immediate renovation. And renovation does not mean to have a good LCD TV in the room as the Hilton Metropole has.The hotel is a very big one so it is difficult to be quite specially in the time when we went there: 1st of May! What a noise!Since it is so big there is a small problem finding seats for the breakfast but thanks to the staff's effort and the opening of a big conference hall as breakfast room everything went ok.We have booked the room breakfast and dinner included. The breakfast was perfect but the dinner was not good at all.But the big advantage of this hotel is that it is absolutely perfect for London's exploration.The public transport are superb. In front of the hotel is a Tube station [Edgware road] and there are two bus stops from where someone can go to Oxford street [Marble Arch] in about 5 minutes and from there wherever he wants to go.The bus line 6 is perfect as it goes as far as to Trafalgar square and has stops in every big and important street of the city [specially for women shopping]!Generally the bus lines are absolutely perfect and with a fare of 3,80 GBP someone can travel in the city all day long. The neighborhood where the hotel stands is pretty exotic and beautiful since it is a territory of mostly Arab residency. So someone can find there delicious food [try the Maroush restaurant] nice fruits and many many Arab cafe and pastry shops.Exactly opposite the hotel there is a Marks n Spencer shop with food hall for the shopping of the last minute.Generally if we will go to London again we will not stay in this hotel for a second time.There are very good hotels nearest to the center at similar prices that at least they look younger.And an advice: Do not leave England without visiting the fantastic beauty of the Cotswolds!!!!	
May 11 2009 	Really Nice	I will start this review w/the only negative thing I have to say about this hotel - the view in our room was of construction of another hotel only feet away. Looking through the metal mesh, we could see at one time the room had a good view - it no longer does. The hotel was super clean and very welcoming. The staff was friendly and made check in and checkout very easy. Breakfast was wonderful - they had so many selections to choose from that everyone was happy. The hotel is in a good spot, although I'm sure there are better areas, we were pleased. We would stay in this hotel again.	
May 9 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed at the london metropole for 3 nights in April. Arrived around 12 noon checked in quickly, pleasant receptionist and our room was ready. We were delighted with the room a double deluxe plus it was spacious and spotlessly clean. Its a very busy hotel but any staff we encountered from reception, cleaning through to luggage drop off on check out day were pleasant and helpful. The buffet breakfast is excellent, eggs cooked to order, every type of hot or cold food you could possibly want. It was a very busy weekend so they opened a second restaurant for breakfast. I recommend getting there early to avoid queues. We would have liked to enjoy a drink in the bar but the prices are very steep and its so easy to go elsewhere. The location is very good 5 minutes from paddington station/heathrow connect train. Very close to Edgeware underground and bus stops for a variety of destinations nearby. We travelled around london mainly by bus and thoroughly enjoyed our short holiday. We booked our room at a reduced rate well in advance of our stay. I would definitely stay here again if I can get a similar rate. Finally I was impressed to receive an email from a metropole staff member acknowledging and thanking me for my comments on a guest comment card.	
May 4 2009 	Dirty old and worn	Just returned from a long weekend at the Metropole. We stayed in an executive room in the Eastwing. The room was old, worn and the bathroom not clean at all. The showerhead was full of chalk and the wall full of mould. Not what you would expect in a real Hilton. The pictures other travellers added on this site are from the renovated rooms which the eastwings does not offer. So be aware where your room is. If I return to London I will stay at an other hotel.	
May 4 2009 	Is this a Hilton??	Huge hotel with many wings. I had an executive room. Not at all according the Hilton standards. Terrible humid room, too old!!! The lounge was too small for the number of executive rooms, the service and the food was very nice, I have to say. Breakfast could not be better but 1000 rooms and a restaurant with 100 seats??? Please Hilton, give me a break. This looks like a joke!!	
May 3 2009 	Nothing 'executive' about the executive rooms...	Stayed here for three nights in what supposed to be an executive room. The room was small with no view at all, looked worn with damaged furniture and carpet that hadn't been cleaned for probably a couple of years, mold in the bathroom at the bottom of the shower screen, cracks in the wooden panel around the bath tub, beds that rolled away as soon as you sat on them and the room stank of smoke although it was supposed to be a non-smoking room (on a corridor where every other room was a smoking one). All in all, we still don't know what it was that was supposed to make this room an executive one!The hotel itself is huge and has all the facilities you could possibly need. Staff is quite friendly but not too fast and beware of the ''discretionary service charge'' that's automatically added to your bill when you drink or eat something. But they're not the only establishment in London that adds that (unwanted) service charge to bills btw. The small supermarket inside the Marks &amp; Spencer across the street comes in handy when you want to avoid the overpriced mini bar. Beware though, there's no room in the mini bar to store your own items. On the Hilton website the room amenities indicate that there's supposed to be a mini fridge in the room, but that can only be rented (for a fee ofcourse).Location is ok, around the hotel there isn't much to do and see but there's a tube station right across the street and London's highly efficient underground network will get you anywhere in just minutes.Overall: too much money for the quality!	
May 3 2009 	Huge Hilton but excellent service	This Hilton can accomodate for 1000 guests, so you can imagine how busy it is. We arrived around 22H00 and there was a queue at the reception. Since the hotel was fully booked, our initial twin room had been re-sold and we have been upgraded to a suite (advantage of being Silver VIP of their HHonors programme). The room was of course very big, in the East Wing so modern and quiet, with a King bed and a sofa bed, 2 large TVs and a sitting area. There was a queue for the breakfast on the Saturday morning but we did not wait too long. As there are so many guest, it's quite noisy in the restaurant and the staff should improve on cleaning the tables faster so that the queue would be shorter. The breakfast food is excellent. The hotel is just 1 minute away from Edgware Road station, very convenient for the Eurostar. (10 minutes max.) No negative points for this Hilton but if you don't like the crowd, avoid this one ...	
May 2 2009 	Not the best Hilton ever but fine for a few nights	I stayed here with my mother and daughter whilst in London for a few days. The Hotel itself is huge and depending on which area of the Hotel your room is in, you may have a 5 minutes walk to the front-desk. Upon our arrival, our room wasn't yet ready. We left our bags and headed out for the day. The Hotel is 30 seconds from Edgeware Road Tube Station so transport isn't a problem. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer next to the Hotel with a food-hall where we were able to pick up some lights snacks. We arrived back late afternoon and were given our room key. The room was in the West Wing which was quite a distance away from the main Hotel lobby. The room was clean and modern, our view wasn't great but that wasn't a problem. We had to the dial front desk a few times and were kept waiting in a telephone queing system for 10 minutes during one call but I guess the hotel was just very busy. The breakfast was buffet style and had lots of choice. There was bacon, eggs, sausage etc... along with Continential style items such as crusty bread, pasteries and muffins. The staff at the Hotel were all friendly and helpful.The Hotel is around 30 minute walk from Oxford Street so the tube does come in handy!I would stay here again but only is I got a really good deal.	
Apr 29 2009	At that price...hard to complain!	I got a great deal on a room for my kids (16,14,10) and I so I find it hard to be critical of anything. The real positives were:• Location – Great spot right near Edgeware Rd Tube and walking distance to Paddington for Heathrow trains.• Fantastic restaurant on 24th floor with great views over London• Staff – generally friendly and helpful• Breakfast – Fantastic buffet breakfast which filled everyone up and had something for all• Pool and gym – Both small but met the needOn the negative, we were put in the west wing and the rooms looked a bit tired but not too bad. The internet in the room didn’t work and didn’t get fixed.This was an almost perfect hotel for a family.	
Apr 28 2009 	Have t give it high "HHonors"	Very centrally located and within close distance of a lot of London's attractions, this hotel is quiet and peaceful in spite of the surrounding hustle and bustle. In its own right the hotel is fairly busy too especially on a weekend when we were there. That notwithstanding, ordered calm prevailed over most of the hotel. Check in was marred to some extent by some confusion over the number of rooms booked, but this was soon sorted out by the efficient, and charming front office staff.The rooms were well maintained, in good order with a high standard of toiletries and linen and the beds were quite comfortable. The swimming pool, though small, was cheerful and cosy.The Saturday breakfast lines were huge, but that was soon forgotten as this was as complete a spread as one could imagine, set in a large banquet hall were one was completely spoilt for choic, and one left without having done complete justice to the fare available. I plan to be back with family and friends.	
Apr 26 2009	Lion King	Went over the Easter Weekend to the Lion King with my daughter Emily who is 9. FANTASTIC!!! would highly recommend it went to the afternoon perfomance sat in the stalls on the aisle would try and sit there if you can as the animals come down!!! colourful and very entertaining. Worth every penny!!Stayed at the Metropole Hilton half price deal! great a little way out but the great breakfast makes up for it!	
Apr 26 2009	1st time in London	The hotel is located in a good area. I was able to take the bus and get to Piccadilly Circus, Hyde Park, Kingston Palace, and walking distance to places to eat. The help received from the concerige to locate the proper bus line and make reservations for dinner inside and outside the hotel was greatly appreciated. The ablilty to have my tour guide have a office located within the hotel made it easier to ask questions for site-seeing around London adn getting to my next destanation. The room was very nice and cozy.	
Apr 21 2009 	Just perfect!!	I'm just back from London yesterday after spending 3 nights there. It was our first time ever in London and the hotel is just the best. The room is very well maintained, dood view, very good service from the hotel staff. I met several friendly staff there in the hotel esp at the restaurant for breakfast. The breakfast is really worth it to try. The hotel is very convinient to reach from the airport and also very easy to get to Oxford street or everywhere. I found that travelling by bus (other than walking) is the best way to discover the city. Shopping is great. LOTSSS of shops..If you're travelling with kids.. I'm sure your kids will like it because there are 2 big toys shops to visit in the city. My son doesn't want to go home anymore. ;)	
Apr 21 2009 	Huge Hotel close to Paddington Station	Stayed here for a couple of nice. The location is good in respect of Paddington station. The hotel is huge and thus you can expect line ups at the check in desk and other desks from time to time. Dinner is not that spectacular, breakfast is good, lots of choice, but can be busy. The rooms are clean and quite spacious, I would say average Hilton standard in a large city.Walking distance from Oxford Street, Hyde Park and Paddington Station.	
Apr 21 2009 	Wonderful Metropole	We are a family of four, and usually want to stay together on a trip , so we got the room with 2 king size beds for a giveaway price.This hotel is located right on the Edgware Road which turns out to be the best possible location you would stay if not in central. The hotel is right opposite the Edgware station which makes it very easily accessible. On the whole the experience was awesome and the buffet was brilliant! !!	
Apr 20 2009 	Top Marks	Found this hotel excellent. Great value for money. Brilliant location for sightseeing &amp; the west end, with the tube station opposite &amp; numerous busses passing by. Also, a Marks &amp; Spencer supermarket opposite, which was handy. Very impressed with the breakfast, never saw such a choice of food. Staff were extremely helpful. Would definitely return &amp; have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. The only slight problem was the heat, I found the hotel very warm &amp; it's only April - so I'm not sure what it will be like during the summer. The large window in our bedroom did not open so we had to rely on air conditioning. My first stop was over to M&amp;S to buy a pair of sandals!	
Apr 18 2009 	Great find!!	What can i say? We've made a reservation for half the price for a deluxe room, with two double beds. This is a great hotel, with very nice staff. There are always many people but they make us to feel home! The room was very spacious, with a nice bathroom, with great windows, mini-bar, Lcd tv. Our room was on 11th floor on the west wing. The breakfast was incredible! Many things to choose. English or continental breakfast, you choose! At the time of the check-in you can ask for the morning newspaper. That's nice. You have two underground stops 2 minutes from the Hotel. What more can i say, for the price that we paid, and we've stayed in London some times, it is the right choice! We will stay there again the next time!	
Apr 17 2009 	great location	nice clean rooms. cooperative staff. what i like about the hotel though is its great location. edgwar road with active night life at the door step. M&amp;S and a small supermarket with internet cafe across the stree. about 10 min walk to oxford street and the hyde park. 30-40 min walk to madam tossou and regent park/zoo.	
Apr 11 2009 	Superb Hotel	First time in London &amp; was slightly nervous on the booking of accomodation and location but have to stay this hotel was fantasic. On arrival they booked us in early &amp; upgraded us. The room was smaller than expected but was still excellent. My partner made good use of the gym &amp; swimming pool facilities. Customer service, breakfast all got 10/10. Tube station was literally outside the door not to mention a very convenient Marks &amp; Spencers. I would definately stay here again	
Apr 10 2009 	Exellent service and suberb value for money!	I found the Hilton Metropole to be a very good and affordable hotel. Paid approx. 66 pounds for a night, which I thought was almost a bargain. I arrived around 11 in the morning, and was told that the room would not be ready before 2 o' clock, which was fine by me. After all I had expetcted this. I came back around 2:30, and the room was, as expected, ready. The room was quite large (for London standards) with a large comfy bed. But the bathroom was quite small, and one of the lightbulbs did not work. But apart from that I had an ejoyable stay, and I have to mention that the service from the people at the front desk was exellent!	
Apr 10 2009 	Lovely hotel but wrong location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It was a lovely hotel and found the staff, from hotel reception to bar and dining room, all very pleasant and polite. I have nothing negative to say about the hotel itself. We found the location a little bit far out from where we wanted to be, although there is a tube station across the road, so no problem. I would certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great place in very good location	we stayed here with our 2 children aged 3yrs and our 10month baby. We had a hilton queen deluxe plus room which we'd booked through hilton.com and got the 50% off offer for 2 nights. Arrived at about 3pm checked in straight away our room was in the west wing on the 8th floor which faces north so didn't have the view if the eye etc but it was still impressive with almost floor to ceiling windows. The room was absolutely huge with two beds, a sofa bed and the travel cot for baby and a decent size bathroom. We got down for breakfast on both mornings between 8.30 and 9 and there was no queue, people must set they're alarms for 9 because by 9:39/10ish the queues were getting big. The hotel itself is situated accross the road from edgware rd tube station, we used the circle/yellow line a lot as its only down one set of steps(handy with a pushchair) and served all the big attractions such as the eye, westminster and national history museum. The hotel really made our stay as it was so convenient and comfortable for us and the kids had plenty of room to play in the hotel room-no cabin fever.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel!	This is a great hotel, in a very handy location. The hotel is about 100 yards across the road from edgware road tube station. Its a very large, very busy hotel -non stop streams of people coming in and out the lobby at all hours of the day and night-and yet the staff cope with the traffic tremendously.There was a small line at check in when we got there..maybe about 4 or 5 people...but unlike other hotels where you just have to wait...more receptionists appeared to deal with the queue, very pleasantly and efficiently.The room we had was a king, and was very pleasant and extremely clean. The only small downside was the view...or lack of it. We faced directly onto a tower block about 20 yards from our window..which kind of made the room a little gloomy...but as we were hardly in the room (506) it didnt really matter at all. Our friend was upgraded to a twin on the 14th floor, and he had a stunning view of the london eye etc..There was a constant line at breakfast...or at least there was during the time we were down there (between 10 and 11) but again this line was dealt with speedily and efficiently by the very pleasant breakfast manager and his staff. They even came round with trays of orange juice to drink whilst you were queuing...nice touch.When we were shown to a table it was spotless as was the breakfast room itself..this is something that doesnt happen in all busy establishments believe me.The lobby, bar and general public areas were lovely.I would highly recommend this hotel	
Mar 29 2009 	Great hotel	We arrived at the hotel, and queued for only a few minutes before we checked in (and upgraded to a room with a lovely view of London, the Eye, BT Tower etc). The room (King Hilton Twin) wasn't overly spacious but who needs loads of room, we were out most of the day anyway! Bed was comfy, with a desk/dressing table area with leather chair. Nice products in the bathroom too!As other people have said, there are queues at breakfast time, but they move quickly and the food is worth it. Pretty much anything you could imagine was available for breakfast, we tried full english, fruit and pastries- all lovely! I would advise that you put the Do Not Disturb sign on your door if you want a lie in later than 9.15, as we were woken by the maid!Good points-*Fabulous lifts! We got to the 17th floor in about 9 seconds!*Good food*Location- close to three tube stations and Oxford street!!*Staff- Very helpfulBad points-*Air con/heating- was quite difficult to set to a suitable temperature, some instructions would have been good. Spent the first evening freezing cold!!We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Mar 26 2009 	Cattle Drive	As a Platinum Hilton Members, I was expecting what other Hilton locations have trained me to expect, a bit more attention than the average tourist or casual business visitor to a Hilton.You will not get that here. Business folks, stay away.Given the location, I am not surprised this Hilton does not cater to the business folks. The breakfast room was a good indicator of that this morning: I have not seen such a packed room, and this is a large room, in a long time.The breakfast, by any standard, is generous, varied, amazingly good. Absolutely no issue with that. You do not feel like you are rushed. No feeling like you are sitting in an Italian hotel and the staff is about to kill you if you dared ask for more orange juice. The OJ was actually great, not the chemical mix only Dow Chemical could perfect in Italian hotels.I was put in a room in the West Wing. This must be the wing that has not been renovated for about 15-20 years. A lot of the carpet and desk chair looks dirty, old, used, and abused. The beds are as hard as wooden floor. Some love it and others will hate it. The pillows are an empty pillow case with some feathers left over from years of usage.The internet connection is highway robbery: 15 pounds for 24 hours. Internet remains a major revenue earner at hotels in Europe. The more luxurious and the more expensive Internet tends to be. The speed is ok. I have seen worse. It feels like a 512k connection at the desk.The bathroom is fine: typical Hilton bathroom from 15 years ago. Nothing outstanding but nothing bad. Clean, well furnished.The fridge is another one of those hotel robberies: automatic billing. I must say that most hotels would empty the fridge if you request so and then you can use it with your own bottles/cans. Overall, I would recommend against staying at this property if you are business person. It is convenient for the Eurostar station as it is only 3-4 stations away. I would not stay here again for the simple reason it is not up to par with other Hilton properties. If someone knows how to set the time on the Hilton MP3/Alarm/radio player, let us know. My room had a clock that was 32 minutes behind. I could not figure out how to set it to the right time. Not designed to be set easily.	
Mar 26 2009 	Poor	I stayed at The Hilton London Metropoll in an King Executive room, in the first weekend of February. My boyfriend arranged the trip as an early Valentines getaway, a night away at a nice hotel and a trip to the Royal Albert Hall to catch the last show of Cirque Du Soile. We set off early on the Saturday morning and arrived at 10.30am hoping to check in to the hotel early, have a rest and then do a bit of sight seeing. When we arrived we queued at check in and were told that the room wasn't currently ready, however we could leave a contact number and they would call when it was ready. We were happy with this and before setting off to Oxford Street we stopped in the hotel cafe and had some refreshments. When it got to 1.00pm we had heard nothing from the hotel about checking in so i called, the room was still unavailable. By 2.15pm we had arrived back at the hotel, sure by this time that the room would be ready. We were told that the room was still not available. So again we went to the hotel cafe and had some refreshments. By 3.00pm (guaranteed check in time) we had had still not been informed that the room was ready so we approached the check in desk and asked for our keys. We were given our keys and told which direction the room was in. When we entered the room we were pleased to see it was a very nice standard and had a lovely big bed, however we were quite disturbed by the smell. The room smelt disgusting, comparable to sewerage and dirty toilets. By this time we just wanted to get ready for the show so turned the aircon on hoping it mite disperse the smell. My boyfriend proceeded to take a shower while i picked some food off the room service menu. When my boyfriend came back into the room after his shower he was just preparing to get dressed (he was naked) a hotel maid opened the door and strolled into the room, without knocking or in any way checking the room was vacant. She stood at the door apologising saying she was not aware the room was occupied, i had to say &quot;please just leave&quot; as she just kept babbling about the room being empty. At this point the smell in the room was really beginning to irritate me so i popped out into the corridor to ask if one of the maids had any air freshener. The made, who could not speak very good English, said she could not give me any air freshener and that we needed to leave the room for 15 minutes so they could use an &quot;ozone machine&quot; and that she did not understand why we were in the room as it had not been completely cleaned. Annoyed we left the room and headed for the lobby. I decided that at this point that i wasn't really happy with situation and decided to speak to a manager. I explained the situation to the Guest Relations Manager and she arranged for us to moved to a new room. She accompanied us to the room to collect our cases and as she opened the door one of the maids came running over an slammed the door shut, screaming that it was not safe to enter the room while the machine was running. As we waited for the machine to finish the Guest Relations Manager said would we be more comfortable waiting in the executive lounge and as guests booked in an executive room we were entitled to enter the lounge and take advantage of the free refreshments. This had not been explained to us when checking in in the morning and if it had been we could saved considerable money on Teas and Coffees that we had spent in the hotel cafe throughout the day. When we eventually arrived into our new room in was nearly 4.30pm and we had no time to rest before leaving for the show. Apart from the help of the Guest Relations manager, who was brilliant, we feel that we were treated poorly by the staff at this hotel and the whole palaver did ruin our trip. Maybe we were just unlucky on that day, but we will not be staying at this hotel again	
Mar 22 2009 	Amazing Value For Money	The last time I was in London a couple of months ago I had stayed at the Cumberland Hotel on Marble Arch. That hotel (if you can call it that) should be called the Cumbersome Hotel.And what a refreshing change the Hilton Metropole was. Instead of a garishly painted and badly designed pokey room with no view I had a beautiful room on the 18th floor with a breathtaking view of the London Eye and Hyde Park et al. This property also had a swimming pool with a steam room that I used every day to unwind &amp; relax. The Hilton Metropole is nicely located and one of the best things that happened to me at this wonderful place was a gentleman by the name of Saket who went beyond what most receptionists would to make sure that I was comfortable and happy. Smiling, warm &amp; friendly hotel staff like him make hotels a home away from home for travelers like myself. On the flip side you must know that the Executive rooms are nice and big but not quite as nicely done as the King Delux which is actually three grades lower in category. They don't have a good view (face another building) and the bathroom fittings are an old fashioned bore. So though I had booked and paid for the Executive category of room I was more than happy to &quot;downgrade&quot; myself to the King Delux. The lobby too is basic and unpretentious so do not expect to walk into a Dorchester type expansive and uber cool ambience.Overall I am happy to have discovered this place for myself &amp; would highly recommend it as a value for money hotel.Enjoy!!	
Mar 15 2009 	Amazing definately recommened !	We stayed here after reading the reviews on here .. and im so glad that we did !The hotel lobby is beautifull, with a realy friendly and helpful concierge. The breakfast in the mornings was excellent ! We jsut couldnt get enough of it ! Definately worth paying that extra amount for the breakfast. Our room was also cleaned and tidyed every day, with our sheets being changed every other day. We had a king size room, and the bed was fantastic ! So comfy ! It was too dificult to get up in the mornings ! The safe that was provided in the room also came in very handy to us as we stored most of out valubles in there, and it was pretty simple to use.Our room was on the third floor, right next to the board rooms, and on the last morning, there were quite a few very inconsiderate and loud business people chatting right outside our room at 7 in the morning ! Im sure if we had rang down to reception though, they would have solved this problem, as they were very helpfull with all our other need. This was the only major thing realy.. No biggy !The only thing I would say about this place though, is that if you are wanting a lie in, make sure that you put the 'do not disturb' sign outside your door, as we made this mistake on the first day and didnt put up the sign, and the poor woman looked rather embarresed when she woke up by entering our room !!I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a break to London, the location was convenient, as there were 2 tube stations right across the road, with another one at the top of the road at the Marble Arch. There was also a bus stop across the road, and there were always taxis outside the hotel. I would recommend the wetherspoons at the top of the road aswell - it was lovely !The only thing	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent Restuarant on the 23rd floor - WOW!!	Stayed at the Hilton Metropole on the weekend of the 6th to the 8th March - booked because on the money saving expert site they announced that Hilton group were running a half price offer if you paid in full before the end of January and had your stay at the hotel before the end of August. The hotel is very large and was very busy but the staff were brilliant - every one of them seemed to go out of their way to be friendly and helpful, from Ana on the reception to Vale who cleaned our room. Although in general as with all London hotels the drinks etc are not cheap you are paying for being in the city and for the quality of the hotel. The Nippon Tuk Thai restaurant on the 23rd floor is a must for a romantic dinner - the view across London is amazing. The restaurant manager and waiting stafff were all very helpful and as I am alergic to Chilli they checked with the chef exactly which dishes I could have and which dishes could be adapted for me - I was very impressed. Hilton hotels run a Hilton honors system which is apparently like a loyalty card - it doesn't cost you anything and everything that you purchase during your stay earns you loyalty points - not quite sure how they work yet but have signed up as we visit London quite a lot. The hotel is really close to Edgware road tube so is easy to get to. The only critisism for the whole weekend was the queue for breakfast on Saturday morning - however they did come along offering everyone a glass of orange juice while you were waiting and the queue did move quite quickly - not sure what the problem was as on Sunday morning it was fine and there wasn't a queue. Breakfast is served from 6.30am-10.30am in the week and 6.30am to 11.30am at the weekend so there is plenty of time to get a good breakfast - the choice was really good - can't honestly think of anyhting that was missing apart from one lady asked for a lemon omellette!! which the chef couldn't produce (understandably I think - i've never heard of that one before). On the whole a very enjoyable weeked away.	
Mar 10 2009 	Good but not great	We are a family of 5 (parents, 3 young kids) and we stayed here for 4 nights on a trip to London. We had 2 Queen sized beds and a rollaway bed for our youngest. With the extra rollaway, the room was quiet cramped. But this is London and large family rooms are hard to come by. However, besides the size, the room was time. We used the pool but it closed early (9pm) and the staff were eager to get us out on time. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was good and had dinner once which was only average mainly because of slow service. Most of the staff were helpful except the slow waiters and the rushed pool attendants. Also, after several attempts by us and the staff, we were not able to connect to the internet on our laptop. Good thing in any case because there was an extra charge for that (I think wireless should be provided free of charge).	
Mar 9 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	We originally booked this hotel because it offered us rooms that would accomodate a family of 2 adults and 3 children. We were not too sure if the location would be any good but are now able to tell you its in a fantastic spot.It takes you 10 minutes to walk down Edgware Rd to Marble Arch and the beginning of Oxford St, 5 min down to Paddington and Paddington tube station and with a 20 min walk you are in Bayswater or Hyde Park. These times are very realistic as we had 3 children walking with us and the youngest is 5 years old.The hotel is everything that you would expect of a Hilton Hotel. The rooms were large and we had an extremely large dlx queen room which had 2 queen beds a sofabed and enough room for a full rollaway bed.Nice large lcd tv, airconditioning and very clean bathroom.When we checked into the room the staff discovered the sofa bed to be broken and within 5 min a rollaway was placed into our room and the staff at the hotel were on the phone to make sure that we were happy with the alternative arrangements and to apologise for the problem. The staff at this hotel went out of their way to make sure that we were happy with everything. We had breakfast and dinner included in our room rate and the service of the staff in the restaurant especially one chap called Reynold was top notch. They did everything for our three girls and treated them as if they were adults not as children as most hotels do. Breakfast had an amazing selection of food on offer and the dinner menu was also great.I would definately stay at this hotel again without any hesitation.	
Mar 7 2009 	Beware the mini-bar!!	All I can say about this hotel is that they gave me a bill for me every time I opened the mini-bar door- I didn't use anything from it and my mini-bar bill came to more than the bill for the room! Imagine the warm glow I left with...	
Mar 6 2009 	Luxury hotel at budget price	Hilton London Metropole is a huge hotel just opposite Edgware Road Tube Station and only 7 mins walk from Paddington, including pulling a heavy suitcase. We had booked the &quot;January Deal&quot; - three nights in a Queen Deluxe Plus room, including buffet breakfast at a total cost of £249. This was indeed a great offer. Our room was located on the 6th floor in the West Wing and was large and clean with a view (see photos). Two large double beds, large flat screen TV, desk, chair, armchair, tea and coffee facilities, free safe lock, ironing board and hair dryer, everything working fine. There was a mini bar which however had a strange message attached to it, saying that any moving or touching the items inside would render us being charged for them. Putting something else into the mini bar was also not allowed as is had some kind of sensors that indicated if anything &quot;unexpected&quot; was put in. We obviously had to keep our Tesco-bought wine in the room. A bit strange, actually.Beds were comfortable enough and the room was absolutely quiet. However, the lighting in the room was a bit disappointing. Two bedlamps, one lamp by the desk and in the hallway ceiling was not enough, and the full length mirror by the entrance door was not lit at all. Neither was the mirror by the desk, so we had to stand by the bathroom mirror to be able to see properly.The bathroom was bright and clean with free amenities such as shampoo, conditioner, shower cream and body lotion, all from Crabtree and Evelyn. Very nice. The floor was tiled but there was no heating in the floor (or anywhere in the bathroom whatsoever) so the floor was freezing to stand on. Breakfast was outstanding. The first morning there was a quite long queue to the breakfast room and we were directed to an extra brekfast hall on the third floor in the West Wing. There was plenty of space and more things to eat than you can ever imagine. There was even a cook who took orders and made eggs according to your choice. Excellent!In all a very nice hotel with an excellent location. Walking to Marble Arch/Oxford Street: 10 mins, Paddington: 7 mins. Four Tube lines running from Edgware Road and numerous buses to catch just a stone's throw away from the hotel. I would definitely stay again and recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 4 2009 	Good hotel could be better...	After booking some 4 months before and have checked everything at least 4 times, you expect that nothing can go wrong.Anyway, they obliged me to give them 100pounds just for insurance and told me that I 'll take them back at the end of my stay (my native currency is Euro so that was very bad for me),although I 'd called them 3 times before arriving and that wasn't mentioned.The stuff wasn't too friendly.Breakfast was good with a good variety.Rooms were small and not of Hilton quality.I would probably stay there again i=f only I had a better treatment.Also the location was good.	
Mar 4 2009 	Close to Oxford Street	This Hotel was a little bit of luxury at a very good price. We managed to get a deal and it was well worth it. We booked two Queen Deluxe rooms and they lived up to my expectations. Quite spacious rooms with desk and tea/coffee making facilities. Smallish en suite but big enough. Plenty of storage space, in room safe and nice large tv. The pillows was so good. I find most hotels have rubbish pillows but these appeared to be downe or feather. Lovely. We were right opposite Earls Court tube station with a small M&amp;S opposite for the cheap lunch. A 5 minute walk to Oxford Street. The pool was quiet which was nice and so was the gym. The bar area was large and as you would expect, pricey. The inclusive breakfast was great. Just about everthing you could want was on offer. The only small complaint is, the hotel is very large and busy and service at breakfast was a little lacking in some areas. I found myself trying to find, milk, a knife and a plate rather irritating as every time I sent off a member of staff for one they failed to return with said item. However, it was a small irritation and the quality of the breakfast more than made up for it. I would definitely book this hotel if they did a special deal again.	
Mar 3 2009 	perfect for visiting London very close to underground Edgware Road	Very comfortable, very good buffet breakfast. Very kind and helpful staff, particularly the young lady coming from Sicily. Her smile makes your day (particularly when it is a business day).	
Mar 2 2009 	Living up to it's expectations	Stayed at the Metropole for three nights in a Deluxe Plus Room along with three other friends. After an early morning flight from Oslo via Frankfurt, transfer from the airport with Heathrow Connect was affordable at £6.90 one way and check in was fast and efficient. The hotel is devided into three parts; the east wing (which is right above the reception area) contains the executive rooms as well as the pool and fitness center, the tower contains regular guest rooms and suites and the Japanese Nippon Tuk-restaurant on the 23rd floor, and the west wing houses all Deluxe Plus rooms and conference facilities.My original reqest of a high floor room was not really looked after, but our room on the sixth floor was very quiet, clean and roomy. Complimentary newspapers were delivered every morning as requested, and when called asking for extra towels, they arrived within minutes.I wouldn't go as far as calling the location excellent. Fair enough, the hotel is situated right above two underground stations, but there's atleast a fifteen minutes walk to Oxford Street or anything else of interest, and riding the tube to Picadilly Circus takes about the same amount of time.Breakfast was everything one could possibly imagine. There were tons of different pastries like croissants and tarts, breads and rolls, fruits, youghurt, full english breakfast and even waffles and pankakes! The only problem was (as mentioned by others) that it could get very crowded. Both Saturday and Sunday however, they served breakfast in one of the conference rooms aswell, easing the pressure a bit.All in all the experience was very pleasant, and the overall service we recieved was more than adequate. The hotel is one of the biggest in London, but we still didn't feel like it was too impersonal. We got a half price deal through Hotels.com, making it very affordable, but for the normal room rate, you can probably find something just as good in an even better location.	
Mar 1 2009 	Can sleep a 1000 but didn't feel like it.	There were four of us staying for one night in the Met. We got a deal on the internet.When we arrived we requested an upgrade and were granted it(two executive twins).The rooms were standard enough but the location was wonderful,to be beaten only by London Hilton Paddington.The breakfast was the highlight.We did have to queue but were served orange juice as we waited.The choice for breakfast was amazing...and nothing ran out.The staff in the hotel could not have been more helpful from reception to dining,to porter service.They even offered assistance as we were pouring over a map in the lobby.We really felt like valued guests despite the large numbers.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Location - Average Property	A very large Hilton – located nearly on top of two different Underground lines, location wins the day for this modest quality property. From Heathrow, you can take the expensive “Heathrow Express” at £32 round trip with a one way ride of 15-20 minutes to Paddington Station, or you can take the Tube (£4 one way) and exit at Edgware. You could also take a car, but I would never recommend that strategy. The walk from Paddington Station is about 6-8 minutes (or alternatively you can take the Tube from Paddington to Edgware) and the walk from Edgware station to the hotel is about 1 minute. Paddington station is also the location for the Hilton Paddington – where I have also stayed. The Metropole is within walking distance, and on this trip, quite a bit less expensive (about £50 difference). Both hotels are located nearly on top of Underground lines and both properties are within walking distance to many shops and restaurants. The Metropole is across the street from a Marks and Spencer. With a room facing Edgware road, it was a bit too noisy for me. Pushing on the windows, there was a bit of give, and it got slightly more quiet, but in general, road noise was coming through the windows. If you are a light sleeper, you may want to find a room that faces away from the traffic. The executive lounge was far too small, and overcrowded in the morning – and should be enlarged. Quality of the breakfast was on the lower end of the scale for executive lounges – not bad, just not good. The Metropole is in a good location, and being on top of the Circle line and the Bakerloo Underground lines makes it easy to get to. The option of taking walking to the Heathrow Express is also a plus.However, in my opinion, this property is not as nice (and not as expensive, so you will have to consider the tradeoffs) as the Hilton Paddington just a few minutes away. In some respects, you are getting what you pay for.	
Mar 1 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a fantastic location	After arriving in London we went straight to the hotel to check in. We got off the tube (bakerloo line) at Edgware Road and the hotel was just over the road opposite (took less than 5 mins walk to reach it). When entering the hotel everything was clean and there were plenty of staff on reception which made checking in very speedy. We were allocated a room in the tower wing which was spacious, clean and had everything you could want. The room was extremely quiet at night so there were no problems sleeping and the shower in the bathroom was excellent. Breakfast the next morning was delicious with about every choice of food you could ask for. We timed it right for breakfast and only had to wait a couple of minutes but as we were leaving the queue had got quite long. Checking out of the hotel was also very fast and they looked after our luggage for us so we could enjoy the full day in London. Collecting the luggage at the end of the day was quick and easy. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, especially if I could get the room at the priced I did this time through lastminute.com.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location nice public areas rooms very shabby.	Let's be honest about this, it's not great...The location is great - right across the road from tube station, which links you in a few minutes to the centre of London - and a pleasant stroll from Hyde Park and Mayfair.The public areas of the hotel are very nice and the staff couldn't have been more helpful - we had incedibly friendly service from the maitre'd and from the bar staff (although the drinks are rather on the steep side - vodka and tonic, a beer and two shots of tequila left very little change from £25).The rooms however are the pits. The carpet was heavily stained, and the windows were so filthy that we could barely see out. However, the bed and bathroom were clean and, as the room was simply somewhere to lay our drunken heads at the end of the night, we just laughed about it and got on with it. Had I been planning to spend any length of time in my room, I'd have been very displeased. Friends we were with stayed on floor 8 (we were floor 16) and reported that their room was equally as grim and had a view only of an adjoining building, where we could at least glimpse the London skyline through the grime.	
Feb 27 2009 	had a great stay in hilton london metropole	I went to London for the first time and i thought to stay in a good place to enjoy my trip.So i searched on google and after compayring several hotels which suits my pocket and mind i found Hilton London Metropole.It is a 5star hotel.There are 3 hotels of hilton group in London but this one suits me best.It isn't too expensive (as compared to other 5stars in UK)but the room quality,view,location was very nice.It is centrally located at a street called Edgware road.Its location was its best good thing.Its a 5mins walk from Oxford road and Oxford circus,2mins walk from metro station.15mis walk from Madame Tussads Museam.So, i'll suggest my friend to stay in this hotel only.	
Feb 22 2009 	Large impersonal but satsifactory hotel	If you are looking for a big bustling London hotel this is definitely in that class. I gave the hotel four starts because it was what I expected given what I paid. At 110 GDP this was not a bad hotel. The rooms were satisfactory and the service efficient. It was not great but then you get what you pay for.The concierge lounge was often packed early in the morning and then when it opened in the early evening. If you are a Gold/Platinum HHonors member you may want to frequent the lounge at off peak hours. The HHonors program is one of the best for the mid-tier folks (Gold) since they generally give lounge access to Gold members. But the drawback here is that the lounges are sometimes overflowing during peak times. The attendees in this lounge really worked hard and I thought did a very good job given the high influx of people coming through the doors.The restaurants are mediocre. We ate at both the sports bar as well as the main restaurant (Fiamma) on the first floor. I would not recommend either. Unless it's raining and miserably cold (which it was when I was there) head out of the hotel for dinner. There is so much that London has to offer in that area of town that is much higher in quality at a comparable price. If you want something in the Hilton family that is a step higher on the quality scale I would recommend the Hilton Paddington which is just one tube stop away. You will likely pay more, but again you get what you pay for.	
Feb 22 2009 	Bad experience terrible location	This was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in - bad location and very small room and bathroom. Hat to almost get on the toilet to close the bathroom door. The heating in the room did not work and after many phone calls managed to get an extra blanket for the night!! To drink wine from the mini bar you need to order a wine glass from room service and pay 3 pounds for the glass or drink from the bottle or bathroom glasses. Never again!	
Feb 19 2009 	Quality hotel but don't drink at the bar!!!	Stayed here for a couple of nights in early Feb, arrived late evening and the area was still bustling. The Hotel itself is no more than two minutes walk from two tube stations (both named Edgeware Road) and this makes it ideal for getting around London. A trip to a West End show on Saturday night took about ten minutes on the tube. We were given an upgrade to a suite without asking and this set the tone for a great weekend which was only slightly spoiled by a bar bill of £23 for a double vodka and a glass of wine.The breakfast choice has to be seen to be believed and after filling up with a Hilton breakfast you really don't need to eat until evening meal.Great hotel, easy access to London attractions and helpful friendly staff. Stay here if you get the chance.	
Feb 19 2009 	Very large hotel but everything well run - great breakfast	This is an enormous hotel but well trained efficient staff keep up high standards even when full to capacity. The deluxe room booked through Lastminute,com was a good deal - very spacious and good views from 13th floor. Breakfast was delicious - enormous choice and good service. Tube station very close and some fine ethnic restaurants within walking distance - handy M&amp;S across the road also. Pool a bit small and chilly - Sauna was nice. Would return.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Views	Really good hotel with very friendly staff, and it's in a great location only minutes walk away from Edgware Road tube station. We had a room on one of the top floors in the tower wing, and it had amazing views across the city. The room was clean and very well presented. Liked this place a lot and would stay again!	
Feb 11 2009 	Great!	Hotel is in a good position, underground across the road. Arrived about 1:45pm, check in wasn't until 3pm, and to our joy our room was ready. The hotel is very big our room was in the west wing on floor 11and next to the lift's, which to our surprise was very quite.I had arrange a cak e and champagne for my husbands birthday which arrived on our night of arrival and have to same the cake was fanastic, shame we ended throwing it away by the monday as they couldn't store the cake until monday. (shame) Sports bar had a happy hour with selected drinks half price which was great value, as drink are a bit expensive. Breakfast was lovely the hotel had to open a ballroom room for Saturday and Sunday for Breakfast as the hotel was full. You had to queue up but we didn't have a problem. Room was great comfortable. Just a warning we bought a bottle of Vodka to drink in the room over the weekend from a little supermarket across the road, don't buy any bottles of spirits from them as they charged us £25 for 70cl of vodka, and we heard that someone else bought a Whiskey for £26. Don't go there!Would stay there again!	
Feb 8 2009 	Good Location	The room was fine - good size, clean. Everything about this place was OK. Very close to the tube. Starbucks, pharmacy, small supermarket just down the road. We went in the bar when we got back from the theatre, bit more pricey than a pub, but not mad, very nice atmosphere. Considering how busy the hotel was we didn't hear anyone else after going to bed, which really surprised me. The staff were excellent.The breakfast was great, but queuing to get into the restaurant was a nightmare. We queued for about 10 mins, only to be told by the staff the wait would be long, so they took us up to another restuarant on floor 3 where we had to queue again for ages. They seemed to run out of a lot of stuff and the wait for them to replenish was excessive. Gave up waiting for coffee refills and went and helped myself at the waiters area. Excellent price for the location, inclusive of breakfast.	
Feb 5 2009 	Pleasantly surprised how perfect it was	A really excellent stay.Prompt check in with a smiley helpful lady and her male colleague at checkout Marcos was just as nice.Room was clean and the executive lounge and its staff were truly excellent.All the staff were helpful and friendly at every interaction, even though London was in chaos with the snow.My room service dinners were excellent.It was lovely to have a good pool and gym in Central London, and it was excellent value.Highly recommended .The management team should feel very proud of their staff	
Feb 3 2009 	London weekend	Hilton hotel metropol London24/1-26/1 2009We booked two twin room at hotels.comand when we checked in the nice staff upgrated our roomsbeacause we liked to live att the same floor,and it was free.Very good breakfast . We tested the sportsbar and loungebar and also the pool and sauna. The hotel is very near the tub and bus stations, only 2 min away.We can recommend the hotel for a weekend stay	
Feb 2 2009 	A Great Hotel and fab location!	Got a great rate via the Hilton.com website - their January sale offered us 63UK Pounds per room per night including full breakfast in Deluxe Plus room. This is the 4th time I have stayed in this hotel and it has never failed to please. Everything from efficient check-in through to beautiful rooms and facilities and of course the extensive breakfast! We arrived on a friday morning at 10.30 am and to our surprise we got our room straight away - fab! Also requested a late check-out on the Sunday and again, our request was met - 3.00 pm which was much appreciated, giving us extra time around Central London before getting our return flight home. The Hilton Metropole is a 5 minute walk from Paddington station and the Heathrow Express. It is just across the street from Edgward Road tube station which gives plenty of choice of tubes to the West End and all the attractions. Bar and Coffee lounge is quite expensive, but there are plenty of other options in the streets around, so just go looking! Lines at breakfast were busy (between 9 and 11), but you should only wait a few minutes .... and it is worth it as the variety is amazing.Would definitely recommend to anyone visting London for a short visit (or extended visit). Staff we came across were always willing to please.	
Feb 2 2009 	Lovely staff impressive building and great value!	Loved it. Stayed on a weekend B&amp;B rate and it was the perfect base to look around London.Staff were lovely, breakfast was fabulous and the hotel immaculate.Exceptional rate for two.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great rate nice room 	Got an excellent rate of £59 BB and was very impressed with the hotel.Fast, efficient check-in and whilst the room was small it was perfect for the one night. It was clean, modern and comfortable.We had to queue for breakfast on Saturday morning but I think we just chose the busy time. It was worth the short wait as the breakfast selection was excellent.Great value, great location.	
Jan 29 2009 	friendly and polite staff great hotel	   Great hotel ideally situated in london, we felt very safe in the surrounding area with lots of people around, there is a Mcdonalds,boots and waitrose on the same road.The tube stations are just across the road, allowing you to get to several destinations with ease.portabelllo road is four stops on the hamersmith line ,shepherds bush market and westfield shopping mall 6 stops on the same line,about four stops from kingscross/st pancras.  The hotel itself is very nice and the staff are really friendly and polite and will help you with anything .We booked a queen deluxe plus room through hotels.com for £106.00 (one night,half price)but the day after found the same room for about £20.00 cheaper on ebookers.com but it was about 26 hours after i had booked it so could not get my money back on hotels.com because you have to submit a claim within 24hours if found cheaper elsewhere.  We phoned the hotel to ask if we could have a room on a low floor as i am not good with heights so they gave me a room on the 5th floor in the west wing which was great .The room was very clean and enormous with two double beds and a seating area and floor to celing windows ,the bathroom had an over bath shower which was more powerful than some showers i have used in the past ,the only thing i found strange was there was no lock on the bathroom door ,not broken, just no lock.   The breakfast was great they had evrything from english breakfast to scotch pancncakes ,bagels,continental breakfast ,they even cook omelets to order in front of you you just pick from the topping they have on show The choice is vast as they cater for everyone ,i would say breakfast should not to be missed.    I have stayed at several 4*hotels at around £130 per night so this is the maximum price i would pay for this hotel as i do not think it is worth over £200 per night (i had a 50% discount £106) .I left my debit card details as asked and they seem to have put a hold on £50 out of my account (in case i charge anything to my room) even though they said that nothing would be taken and my bill had a zero ballance on checkout,That was five days ago and the money still has not been credited back .   This really is a lovely hotel and should not be missed.I have nothing negative to say about the hotel and would stay there again .   We left our luggage at the hotel all day on the day of departure and went back to have a short rest and drink in the lounge bar ,all it cost was £6.90 for a pint and half of larger and that was with a service charge but i still gave them a tip on top as they went out of there way to help us.    We booked this hotel for my birthday which was at the weekend so found london less hectic ,we used an aff peak saver for zones 1 and 2 £5.60 ,which took us to the main sight seeing locations in london, as well as the main shopping places like harrods and oxford street .Shepherds bush market is a very very cheap place to shop and at the same tube stop is westfield shopping mall with all the main chain stores.Because it was the weekend alot of the main tube lines where disrupted or not in use because of improvement works but we managed to get to different places ok ,it just ment doing a little more walking or taking a longer way round on the tube via other stations.	
Jan 26 2009 	Good value for a Weekend Break but not 4*	Booked a weekend deal through Last Minute.com for £59 per room per night plus £8 per person for breakfast . Overall it was good value for money but I can't believe its a 4* star standard hotel. Good points - great location. managed to park free on the road a few hundred yards away by arriving after 6:30pm on Friday. The hotel rate was £30 per day.Edgware Rd tube is 50 yards away and buses go directly down Oxford Street.Staff were helpful and well mannered.Buffet breakfast was very good on the day we were able to enjoy it.Middle eastern reaturants nearby are excellent.Bad points - Hotel was full so day 1 an overflow area was used for breakfast. Day 2 that was not available so there was a 20min wait to be seated for breakfast. Life's too short so we didnt bother.Room was OK if slightly small. The aircon etc worked but was noisy.3 out of 4 lifts were'nt working one morning so we had 15 min wait for lifts up and down.	
Jan 26 2009 	Perfect	This Hilton is huge and it has many different wings, restaurants and facilities. I was in the East Wing in a twin Deluxe which was just perfect. The staff has been very helpful. The only hic was having to line up at breakfast... too many people! It was packed full, maybe because of some conference, although people looked more like tourists and small groups.	
Jan 25 2009 	Convenient conference location	Attended a company conference here with 800 other delegates. Good quality Hilton hotel - rooms clean and facilities acceptable. When catering for this number of delegates at one time found the hotel became a little stretched - restaurant service slow at times and breakfast luke warm - congealed scrambled eggs for breakfast - yummy! Good hotel for driving into London - located at the end of the M40 but overnight parking limited and very expensive. As a tourist location would recommend something more central. Good London conference location though but could bo better!	
Jan 24 2009 	All we hoped for and more	We travelled to London from Manchester for a New Year break,our first time in the capital although we travel overseas often. We were looking forward to our stay at the Hilton and it met all our expectations in fact exceeded them. Check in was speedy and we were given a warm welcome. There was a huge party of American teenagers (taking part in the New Year parade ) - they were well managed and we were not at all inconvenienced at meal times. The room was immaculate, bed very comfy and the food good. The concierge and doorstaff were most efficient and we wanted for nothing. A very good hotel and we will certainly return.	
Jan 23 2009 	Generally a good option	I am a regular visitor of this hotel, I personally find it is relatively good value, compared to my other options. I don't really recognise many of the negative points in the other reviews here, with the possible exception of some customer service issues: this is one of London's largest hotels which makes it difficult to make every guest feel individually valued; a big staff complement and inevitably some uneveness in the quality of service. But generally the staff are good, it's clean, well maintained and particularly well located if coming off the Heathrow Express / Paddington station.There are 3 parts to the hotel, East and West wings plus the Tower. The West wing is the most recently modernised, the rooms are a good size, but it's a bit of a hike from the rooms to (say) the gym-pool facilities. Also while some rooms there have a good view over London, half the rooms face Maida Vale and the elevated A40. The Tower has some good views and many rooms are a reasonable size, but some rooms are a bit tired. The East wing is a right mix - some big rooms, some quite small ones. If in the Tower or East wing you generally want to be above level 4 to avoid the smell of the chlorine from the pool in the corridors - less noticeable in the rooms. Since the rooms vary so much it is worth being prepared to ask for a room change if you're unhappy - it's a big hotel so there is scope for this.Beware of upgraded rooms - I've been &quot;upgraded&quot; from a double bed (as booked) to a single bed room - the room is technically better but the bed is where you spend the most time.For breakfast it is worth trying to be early to avoid the queues. The Executive Lounge breakfast is not as extensive and you may well find yourself sharing a table, but is more cost effective depending on your room rate. Also the Executive Lounge breakfast has a large and loud TV, so you may want to hunt around if you cherish a bit of peace and quiet.On the positive side, the gym and pool are among the better ones in London. Neither are big, and not a patch on Asian hotel facilities but fairly good for London and open until 22 hrs.Unusally for central London there is quite a mix of shops and restaurants in the area, and the big chains don't necessarily dominate. Within 5 minutes of the hotel is Tesco and Sainsbury (small ones), a medium sized Marks and Spencers and a rather larger Waitrose. There are also a big range of small shops, pubs and quite a few Arab restaurants, and I personally relish the variety.Final hint: plan your tube journey before leaving the hotel. Edgware Road is the nearest tube station but it is in 2 separate and unconnected buildings. The Circle/Hammersmith-City line is by Marks and Spencer, the Bakerloo line is just past the flyover. Both are within 5 minutes of the hotel. Also the comprehensive local bus services are worth considering.	
Jan 21 2009	Excellent value for money	Got a double x 2 bedded room for 3 of us with breakfast included at half price. This was excellent value for money with a wonderful breakfast.The staff were all great nothing was too much trouble. We came up by train and only had a short walk from Paddington and the tube was just across the road.Will certainly take advantage of any future offers again.Claire	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Breakfast	We have just returned from a very nice weekend stay in this Hotel. I had been a little worried as there are some mixed reviews on this site but we found it very good. Yes we had one of the very small rooms but as seasoned cruisers it was fine for us, about the same size as a standard cruise ship cabin, afater all we were there to see London not a hotel room. The room was very clean and well equiped with smart bathroom with full bath as well as shower and nice quality toiletries, large flat screen tv and plenty of tea and coffee. Our room was ready on arrival at 12.30 which was nice. We found the staff very helpfull and the b reakfast was among the best l have ever had and we are well travelled. We walked from Paddington Statio n, just come out of the station turn right and it is 7 min utes straight flat walk. A couple of observations on the hotel, the lighting in the room was not very good, if you had to do work there l think you would struggle, also although the concierge was very helpfull the free maps and where to go books are un der his desk not on top of it! As some people have commented in the forums it is not the best area for restaurants, however a ten min ute walk brings you to Marleybone Rd and more eating choices, we also noticed that there were some likely looking eateries when we walked towards Hyde Park. The museums are about 15/ 20 minutes walk away through Hyde Park. The drinks in the hotel are very expensive so we didnt have any, found a couple of neighbourhood pubs to enjoy a drink in, a bit dingy though! Also opposite the side entrance to the hotel is a 24 hour convienience store where we bought wine for around £6 a bottle. We booked through the Saga website link to Hilton, they guarantee the lowest prices and there did not seem to be any code on the booking that related to Saga although the 4 of us are all pensioners.We paid an amazing £113.50 per COUPLE per room for 2 nights B&amp;B, that was the total price, cant see how they can do it for the price, only applies at weekends though. A off peak travel card for the underground was £5.60 to travel all day in zone 1 and dont forget if you are an over 60 you can use your free bus pass!	
Jan 15 2009 	overpriced	we got a discounted rate in their sale, £60 for a twin. the queque at check in was about 15mins. our room on the 22nd floor. we got a room with a double and a single, which i suppose was nice for whoever gets the double- but the room was really small and there was barely any room to walk around because the beds took up all the space. ordered room service, got a splinter in the food so the manager didnt charge us and offered to send us a replacement. we said not at that time as we were on our way out, but maybe we would later. got back late after a night out, got our replacement, in the morning they charged us for it and wouldnt take it off our bill as already had our credit card details. so rude and so cheeky!! the room was no way worth the usual £110 price tag, but for £60 not bad considering the location. also room was not up to usual amazing standard of hiltons, was just like a travelodge with a better bathroom	
Jan 13 2009 	Good hotel	Stayed at this hotel last week and have very few complaints. We had a room in the West wing of the hotel which was a good size, tastefully decorated and clean. Check-in and check-out were both dealt with speedily and there were no problems with us storing our luggage both prior to check-in and after we had checked out. We ate in the hotel restaurant as part of the package we were on and had no complaints. The breakfast buffet in the morning is probably one of the most extensive i've ever seen. Definitely worth taking advantage of if you have a BB rate. We never waited anymore than a couple of minutes for a table, even when it was busy. We used the Sports bar when we were there although the one thing I did grudge was paying service charge on two soft drinks which we actually went to the bar ourselves to order. Wasn't a huge charge but seemed a bit cheeky. The gym facilities and pool/sauna/steam room were lovely and well maintained. We went at about 8.30am and there were less than 5 other people using the facilities. When we popped our head in during Sunday afternoon there was no-one using them at all so if you want a peaceful swim or a chance to relax you should use these facilities The hotel is in a pretty good location on Edgeware Road, only about a ten minute walk to Marble Arch from where the open top tourist buses can be found. We never used it but the Tube station was a couple of minutes away. A taxi from the hotel to Covent Garden was about £18. Taxis were plentiful at the hotel and we never had any trouble getting one. All in all i would recommend this hotel	
Jan 12 2009 	Not really 4 Star	The Hilton Metropole is well located in London, right by the Edgeware Rd tube station, on the Bakerloo, District &amp; Circle and Hammersmith &amp; City lines, so convenient to everything. We paid only £59 for our room on Lastminure.com. Staff were very friendly and helpful on arrival and we were &quot;upgraded&quot; to the 22nd floor with good views over London. Found the room was quite small for 2 - queen bed rather than King paid for. Would be good for a business traveller travelling alone as the desk area is relatively spacious and well laid out. Also thought that the room, though clean, was a little run down - particularly the bathroom (with VERY noisey plumbing). Size and state of the room didn't warrant 4 stars as far as I could see. That said we did have a good night's sleep there (despite the noise of the lifts outside our door and people on the corridor). The hotel bar is not exactly &quot;cosy&quot; - really just part of the foyer. Found the staff there not so friendly or efficient so didn't stay.Breakfast was outstanding. A huge buffet spread with a selection of cooked and cold breakfasts. All you would expect and more. Fresh orange juice was superb as was the omelette made freshly to order. All in all, we had an excellent stay for our money, but I believe that the hotel rooms could do with a bit of a refurb.	
Jan 11 2009 	Convenienantly located standard hotel	The hotel is very conveniently located near London Marylebone Train station and Baker Street Underground Station. It is also close to many top London attractions such as Maddame Tassauds and Regents Park.If booked well in advance, say 2 weeks you can expect to get a reasonable rate of around £100 for Standard Room. Executive and Deluxe Rooms are also reasonable if booked in advance, however the rates always rise sharply at this hotel if left too late. Perhaps because of its location. I have stayed here 3 to 4 times and acquired Standard Room. The room was somewhat very small with inadaqaute space given to walk around the room. You can only slide past the beds and the TV cabinet. The beds were comfortable but not exceptional. The room furniture and the toilet was just about satisfactory. Mini-bar was extortionately priced along with phone cal lcharges.Ovrall I would stay here again purely for the reasons of convenience and getting around London. Although I need to book a suite at this hotel to change my mind about the quality of it. The check-in area is very very small and I have always experienced lengthy queues. The whole lobby area does not give an impression of a relaxed stay at Metropole. Staff are a bit of hit and miss too.	
Jan 11 2009 	Excellent value	I wanted a good value week-end hotel in London and this hotel came up on various websites offering a great deal but not on the current 50% off Hilton offer. I booked an Executive room for just under £90 and it really was excellent value. The public areas of the hotel are very smart if a little impersonal but be warned, it is a very large hotel in three sections, East Wing, West Wing and Tower. The drinks are expensive but with the Executive package, the drinks and canapes between 6pm and 9.30pm make up for it. The bedroom was modern and smart and very comfortable. The bathroom was fine but it was a pity there is a cheap plastic shower tray which was a little like being on a bouncy castle. Other than that, no complaints about the room except that on the the 4th floor the traffic outside on the main Edgware Road was in evidence, particularly the sirens during the night. The Executive Lounge was smart but busy. Excellent canapes and a very good variety of drinks from 6pm until 7.30pm and then wine, beer and soft drinks until 9.30pm. No complaints! Breakfast in the Executive Lounge, included in the Executive package was also very good with ham, salmon, cereals, various rolls and croissants, boiled eggs etc. Plentiful and appetising! Breakfast in the Main restaurant was also excellent with a wide variety to suit all tastes. My one criticism of the Executive Lounge is the fact that you have to pay for internet use, this is a first to me in an Executive Lounge and is totally unnecessary. In Asia, in quality hotels, internet access is free in each bedroom so why there is penny pinching in the Executive Lounge in a Hilton is strange - maybe there is a belief that as it is mainly a business hotel expense accounts will pay. The location of the hotel is good, opposite the tube which has the Circle Line so very easy and cheap to get around, great value with a travel card. I was also impressed with the left lugage faciltiies and free storage of laptops in the hotel Safe Deposit Boxes once you have checked out and want to spend the day travelling in London. All in all, excellent value in a good if not upmarket location. Would I stay there again, undoubtedly. The Metropole is now on my list of London hotels to consider particularly if the rates for the Executive package remain as competitive as they are at present.	
Jan 5 2009	great hotel in london england	THIS HOTEL WAS GREAT IT HAD GREAT FOOD AND SERVICE and maid service location was great warning here you paid for high speed internet access here there a internet cafe next door if you dont want to bring a laptop also next door internet cafe only costs 1 per pound per hour bye	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Stay	We had a great time here. Check in was a breeze, the room was very nice-housekeeping and customer service is great. The breakfast buffet is excellent-don't miss it! This is a great location. It is right across the street from Hyde Park and just a tiny walk to the tube. Prezzo's is a great Italian restaurant just around the corner.	
Dec 28 2008 	Consistent quality	I've just returned from a whistle-stop trip to London to see a West -end musical. I decided to stay at the Hilton Metropole for a second time, after having had a very bad experience in the capital, with a different hotel chain.The hotel's impressive entrance hall is complemented by the friendly, helpful staff. Check-in was efficient and there is a good range of bar/cafe/restaurant facilities to suit most people's requirements. The room, located in the West Wing, was superb. Located on the 10th floor, it afforded a panoramic view and a peaceful night's sleep - not always guaranteed on a Saturday night in London! Spotlessly clean and well stocked, the room did not disappoint. In fact, I would recommend the Metropole to anybody seeking a high standard of accommodation in a fairly central part of London.	
Dec 28 2008 	Yummy breakfast!	So check in was nice and easy, even though the site stated check in was at 3pm they made no problem about us checking in early.The room was nice and clean. The bathroom was also very clean too. We had a twin room in the west wing on the 14th floor, it was a bit small but cosy still. Nice LCD tv, hairdryer, ironing board as you would expect. The view was nice too, could see Canary Wharf, London Eye etc. Also had complimentary cookies in the room which was a nice treat.The only disappointing thing about the room was the heating. It wasn't cold as you can control room temperature but the heater was very noisy at night therefore interrupting my sleep!Breakfast was excellent. Very large hotel with many many guests therefore must wake up early for breakfast otherwise have to wait very long in the que. Had a huge variety for breakfast both hot and cold. Staff in restaurant also very friendly. Overall i would recommend this hotel. Great location, just a two minute walk from Edgware Rd tube station with lots of nice Lebanese restaurants in the surrounding area.	
Dec 27 2008 	The Scrouge of the Hilton	A bit late in writing this review, but as a Silver Hilton HHonors member, and one who had stayed in this hotel on more than one occasion, I don't get it.The Paddington Hilton a few hundred yards away is like another universe - in a positive sense.Problems I have had with this property:Luggage arriving very late to the room.Check-in can be very slow, and on more than one occasion I had to come back as my room key didn't work.Calls related to room problems have, on occasion, been completely ignored.The concierge would seem to be getting some compensation from restaurants he is sending folks to, as on three occasions I've been guided to overpriced, underflavored food.Was running on a treadmill in the gym, and the belt speed was varying (been running for years and it wasn't imagined). When I mentioned it to staff nothing was done. No sign,no repair. I was there for a while on another treadmill and would have seen.The facility itself is OK. But whoever runs this Hilton is hopeless at delivering service (namely hiring people who gave a hoot). While I never expect a Hilton to be transformed into a Four Seasons, they could try to maintain the level of service Conrad Hilton made the chain famous for many years ago.	
Dec 27 2008 	Good stay	Great hotel with friendly staff and comfortable rooms. This is the second time when staying in London that I have chosen to stay at the London Metropole-tube station is less than a minute walk.The room was clean and well equipe; 2 double beds, large and new.Good stay	
Dec 16 2008 	Executive Lounge is great.	I was only staying for one night and thought that the room size was good. From reading some of the other reviews, it is clear that there is a huge disparity beteen the rooms depending on where you were staying in the hotel. I was staying in an executive room on the 3rd floor of the east wing. Room size was good, beds were comfortable and there was a 32&quot; LCD flat panel TV. The bathroom was a good size and clean. The executive lounge is one of the things I really like. When travelling, I often want the convenience of having drinks and snacks available. The executive lounge fills that bill. Free drinks, snacks and even breakfast was available in the lounge. Although the 15GBP for internet service was excessive, breakfast was free in the exec lounge, so it balances out.The location is good, with a 5-10 min walk to Paddington station to catch the Heathrow Express.	
Dec 14 2008 	A good stay at a terrific location	I got this hotel using Priceline and was satisfied with rating, location, and price (at Priceline values). The hotel is a large business hotel but also has some family-type features such as a lovely indoor pool. The fitness center was well equipped and easy to use at no additional cost. The guest room was adequate in size and well-equipped for a London hotel. Location was immediately opposite the Edgware Road underground station and a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. I found it quite convenient for my short stay in London.The lobby is nicely sized and well laid out. The staff were friendly and helpful in all ways.The only negative was that the carpet in the guest room that I had did not look clean. Otherwise, this place lived up to a 4-star rating, with good location, and good value for the price I paid on Preiceline.	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Hotel	Great hotel with freindly staff and comfortable rooms.We ate in there restaurant on the first night and loved the food,our only gripe is the cost of the drinks.	
Dec 3 2008 	A Monster that needs to be updated.	This is an overpriced adventure. I'm not complaining about London prices - I am used to exchange rates. This hotel is not a value in the least. Room rates are unbelievable and considering they cater to business travelers, it lacks some of the amenities that I would consider essential. To begin, the room is a typical London closet. Not what I would expect from an American hotel. Barely can fit the bed in the room. The 13&quot; television set looks like it was purchased in 1992. About time you updated that. Internet . . . well that's an extra 15 pounds a day. Wireless . . . what's that? Also, you don't get breakfast included for 200+ pounds a day. That's not what I call a deal. I travel over to London semi-frequently and thought I would give this hotel a shot. Definitely will reconsider. My favorite hotel is still the Grange Holborn. Trouble is . . . it's nearly always booked up.Bottom line: consider taking a pass on this one and find yourself a better value.	
Dec 1 2008 	Good but not quite what we hoped for.	Booked diect via the website as my husband is a HHonours member. We chose this hotel based on our experience in Vienna. We booked an executive room for the use of the lounge which elsewhere you can use for drinks and snacks for most of the day. Here it only opens for drinks and snacks after 6pm, which when you have already booked to see a show is too late for us to use. Also be warned there is a hospital just around the corner. We spent most of the night listening to ambulance sirens. Not much the hotel can do about that though!!Hotel is well located. The room was good. Good bathroom. Easy to control temperature. Nice facilites within the room. The hotel itself is huge, and the queue for check in/out can get impressive. If you have booked an executive room, their check in/out is on the second floor of the east wing.	
Nov 22 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	I have stayed in this hotel a number of times as the tube station opposite is ideal. My last stay was for a birthday trip to the theatre, I am a Hilton Honors member so they must have known it was my birthday as there was a birthday cake and card when I arrived in the room, which was a nice touch. The hotel has always been clean and friendly and the service is what is expected of a 4 star hotel, facilities are good and food of a high standard.I have been in worse hotels for much more money in London. It's not in the best area in London but Hyde park is not far away and I have regularly walked into Hyde Park for a stroll when staying there. I usually manage to find some good deals and always found it good value for money.	
Nov 21 2008 	OK but overpriced	Spent two nights here, attending a conference in the hotel's West Wing. The proximity of the conference rooms to my bedroom was the main pluspoint. It was all so convenient. The website asserts that it is &quot;Europe's largest conference hotel&quot;. I don't know the basis for that claim, but it is a fine venue. There might be nicer venues out of town, but for inner London, the facilities were good.The room was booked through the conference organisers, and I believe that I was allocated a Deluxe Plus Room in the West Wing. I had a view over the building site which is Paddington Basin - it will look good when it's finished! It was a reasonable size for a big London hotel and fairly recently furnished, but not the standard I would expect for the price I was paying. It had two double beds, desk, table, comfy chair, coffee maker, etc. However, the in-room entertainment was pretty basic. No fancy LCD TV here. Just a small 17 inch CRT set, with a very limited selection of channels. In order to watch the Champions League football, I had to visit the Sports Bar, which was a pleasant place to spend the evening. There was a limited food selection, which was sufficient to accompany the beer and football. Talking of food, the buffet breakfast in the Fiamma Restaurant was fine. Plenty of choice, hot and cold.The furniture in the room was clean and functional, but looked as if I had assembled it myself! Drawers slid open by themselves, and the wardrobe doors overlapped. Still, there was plenty of drawer capacity - enough for a family of four I would say.The rooms have a safe, which is big enough for a laptop. I had problems with it, needing help from security, and then maintenance, to get my valuables out, after it &quot;errored&quot;. It was probably just a duff battery, but it put me off using it during the rest of the stay.An unexpected feature was the alarm clock/radio, which had an AUX connector, so I could listen to my iPod. The room internet access was expensive at £15 per night, so I gave it a miss. I don't mind paying a small fee, but over £10 is a rip-off. Perhaps that influenced my overall perception, that in general everything was overpriced?The check-in staff were courteous and efficient, as were all the staff I came into contact with, so I left with no major gripes. But equally there was nothing that made me feel I must return. I would stay again for a conference, if I was on expenses, but if I was visiting London for pleasure, I would probably go elsewhere, unless they made me a good offer.	
Nov 18 2008 	Postage stamp sized room	Reserved a Standard King room for two nights starting Nov 4, 2008. Am a Hilton Honors member but was not using points to pay for the room. Although the room was clean and the hotel location was perfect for this trip's activities, the room was not suitable for two adults. There was only 20 inches between the end of the bed and the dresser making it impossible for more than one person to pass. The bathroom was tiny and only one person at a time was able to be in the room. For the price of $350/night, there has to be other properties in London with accomodations that will suit two adults.	
Nov 6 2008 	good option for business stay	I stayed to attend a conference at the hotel with collegaues. The Hilton metropole is a huge hotel which is ideally set up for business customers. My room was a twin room in the main tower on floor 11. The room was clean and well equipped with all you would expect, including nice Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. Unfortunately the position of my room resulted in no view, unless you count a wall, but my colleagues all got rooms with panoramic city views. The rooms each had an automatic charging bar, the prices were extortionate and must be counter productive- I am sure they would sell more if they were more reasonable. There was however free bottled still and sparkling water. The check in and out process was efficient and the staff were extremely friendly and professional, a note left for one of my colleagues with the concierge reached her promptly as she checked in.The breakfast was very varied, hot and fresh and the queue that was there on my arrival quickly moved through so I was seated within minutes.The hotel has leisure facilities in the form of a gym and pool although I didn't use them the facilities looked very good and were not over full.The conference rooms were very good, but there was much walking up and down many flights of stairs to use the breakout rooms, I don't know how much this was due to the organisers or the hotels layout.The lunch at the conference was excellent with a choice of fish, lamb or vegetarian dish, fresh salads and lovely desserts. There was also substantial amounts of bottled water in all rooms which is a big plus for me, as a non-tea or coffee drinker the lack of alternative refreshments can be very frustrating.During the evening we went to a local lebanese restaurant for a meal, it was my first experience of Lebanese and it was excellent- if you have never tried it I would highly recommend giving it a try- a large number of lamb and vegetarian dishes with dips, rice and breads all mouth wateringly tender, spiced and fresh.In summary a really good business choice close to the tube station and with highly efficient staff. In my opinion it would be a little large and bustly and a little too far from the main tourist, shopping or West End attractions for a leisure break as I like to be in the centre of it and within easy walking distance	
Nov 3 2008 	Family Weekend Success	My husband and I booked using vouchers from Tesco's. The treatment from the receptionist was no different than if I had been royalty. We had a very nice room on the 14th floor of the Tower, which was clean and well serviced. My son, daughter in law and two children had a very good room in the West wing. We ate at the Nip and Tuk restaurant and were reasonably impressed. The staff we came in contact with were very polite and helpful. We will definitely stay ata the Metropole again.	
Oct 21 2008 	How disappointing...	Mold on the roof of the room above the bed, dirty carpets, curtains falling down, crack in a 18th flr window fixed with packing tape, rude front desk clerk and being told that we &quot;shouldn't expect anything&quot; as our room was a discount room, it was cheaper than what we should have paid for it (we booked through Hotwire), and, the request of a $400GBP deposit for mini-bar/phone usage...I was severely disappointed in the hotel and the staff. Aside from a friendly doorman and a helpful concierge, I really don't have anything positive to say about our experience at the hotel at all and have gone so far as to contact the Hilton's head office to discuss. I'm really curious to see how they're going to address the issues or if they're going to ignore me.	
Oct 15 2008 	conference	Superb service from the monment I checked in on a company conference. All staff were very helpful. Had deluxe room on 7th floor, 2 double beds, large room for London all clean and new. Considering large hotel there were no queues and plenty of staff. i would recommend this as a good work base in london or leisure weekend.	
Oct 13 2008 	Good Location - Room Standard Poor	Good location as right beside underground. Stayed in the East Wing and I was allocated a smoking room (which was OK as I'm a smoker). However, the room carpet was filthy with many marks/stains. Couldn't see out of the window as these were really dirty. Mini bar prices are ridiculous (£4.50 for a small bottle of still water). Didn't eat at the hotel - they wanted £19 for breakfast - I ate at Weatherspoons further down Edgeware Road for less than £5. Very busy hotel as its very large - reception staff were friendly and welcoming as were the staff at the concierge desk. Don't know that I would use it again as I would expect more from a Hilton re cleanliness.	
Oct 1 2008 	Not great not awful	This hotel isn't bad, but I expected more from a Hilton hotel. Biggest disappointment was the neighborhood which offerd little beyond Middle Eastern restaurants and a Marks and Spencer. Tube station is less than a minute walk, and the best option for a meal or anything else is to take the tube to another location. My room in the Tower section was a bit drab and dreary, all beige and brown tones, no character or color at all, and the carpet had some stains. TV was very small. The beds were a bit too firm. The room was on the small side, but not too bad. Bathroom was very clean. Not a terrible hotel, but I expected a bit more from a Hilton hotel. The pool looked ok, but we never used it.	
Oct 1 2008 	Modern furnishings convenient location friendly staff	We booked our room on lastminute.com just hours before we arrived at the hotel at a bargain rate. On arrival we were upgraded to the 22nd floor of the main tower. The west wing is probably newer but I suppose guests are automatically allocated to rooms in the main tower if they book online at cheaper rates.The room was modernly furnished and was generally nice albeit a bit small. We were shocked however to find soaked toilet paper on the toilet seat and also a questionable stain on the quilt. Rather scary considering this is a four-star hilton hotel we are talking about.The location was very convenient with tube station entrances just 3 minutes away by foot. We were very late when we left for the airport but were helped by a friendly concierge staff who managed to find us a taxi on a busy Saturday night- we would definitely have missed our flight if it was not for him. Overall not a bad choice if you are looking for reasonably-priced accommodation for a short break in London.	
Sep 24 2008 	When you can't say anything nice....	Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status.This was my least favorite. An awful smell greeted us and was always in the lobby. My only theory is that the pool in on the second floor above the lobby and there must be mold or something wet wasn't really drying at all. The rooms were small, but typical of Europe. Two twin beds; I must say the least comfortable of the 4 hotels.Location was o.k. at Edgeware Road Tube station. A one minute walk to the hotel. The neighborhood seemed a bit grittier than the other Hiltons and definitely more ethnic (not necessarily a bad thing). The gym was actually quite nice, but small. A lot of machines and free weights. It always seemed to be quite full. The pool was small, but laps can be swum. The Executive Lounge was large and seats were always available. The breakfast was larger than at the Park Lane or Tower Bridge Hilton. Better selection of spirits during the evenings than the other facilities. It's o.k. I wouldn't stay here again, though. Many better options in London.	
Sep 24 2008 	Not awful but falls far below Hilton Hotel Chain Standards	I stayed two nights at the Hilton London Metropole, having booked a decent $150 rate/night + tax (non weekend) which seemed to be a very good rate for London.While not in the heart of Central London, the hotel is near two different tube stations and one can easily get anywhere within central London via tube within 20 minutes or less.Upon check-in, the very nice lady at the registratio desk tried selling me an upgraded room at $80/night at the &quot;new tower&quot;. Since this upgrade would have cost an additional 50% of what I paid, I declined the upgrade.The room was quite bigger than a standard London hotel room (if small-ish by North American standards) and i was even given the king bed I requested. The window was facing a wall and was very dark but the electrical lighting was more than adequate.Everything was very clean and the bathrooms were fine although they did have an old fashioned bathtub/shower which I don't like (due to getting water on the floor).My biggest complaint about the room was the very old uncomfortable bed which was rock hard and the very low-quality pillows (which were rock hard and uncomfortable). The blanket was also very low quality. Having been used to wonderful beds and bedding in other Hilton properties (in such places as Sao Paulo, New York, Tel Aviv and San Francisco), I was very disappointed. While everything else was adequate, the bed and bedding in this hotel fall far short of the Hilton Chain standards.	
Sep 23 2008 	A big disappointment to the Hilton chain	We stayed here having received a decent advance purchase rate on Hilton.com but we did not have a very pleasant stay at all. We had to change rooms 3 times, none of the in room entertainment services were working and Reception didn't seem bothered. The first room they &quot;upgraded&quot; us to was actually smaller than the one we left, so they moved us again back to a room of the original size and we just acquiesced for the sake of peace.We found this property to be far more geared towards the business traveller and not for tourists or holidaymakers. There was literally conferences on the whole time we were there and we felt that the hotel didn't feel the need to satisfy us mere mortals who, god forbid, were only there for the room service.2 days after we checked out I found an unauthorised charge on my credit card which I had serious hassle trying to get refunded, purely down to the error of staff at the Metropole. I would not return to this hotel after this experience.Location wise, it's very near a Tube station (where isn't in London?) but there's not a whole lot of decent eating options in the immediate vicinity, we found ourselves walking some considerable distance at night in particular.If you're attending a conference this hotel should be right up your alley, if you're a tourist then I do not think this is the place for you.	
Sep 21 2008 	Expansive breakfast	Picked up a 7th floor double bed room in the tower wing for the facile price of 150 USD/night. Was rather depressed by the room as I had just come from the chic Jurmeirah Lowdnes in Knightbridge (though there I paid 220 USD/night). However, once I got over the initial contrast of styles I quickly regained spirits and came to appreciate the room as being rather reasonably sufficient to cater to my neurotic demands. The front desk seemed staffed in bulk by new arrivals from eastern Europe but they did their best through pure effort where English language issues had them at an initial loss. The lobby was expansive and stylish enough with plenty of marble and brass to go around and always noisy with a cacaphonic flux of arrivers, loungers, and departers.Access to an on site indoor pool was great and the breakfast offerings were about as good and expansive as they get.Hardly a nexus for the suave and fancy but a pretty decent place to hole up for a few days when romping about London and doing the regular sights.	
Sep 15 2008 	Hit the spot	Have just returned from the Hilton after spending a very pleasant 2 nights accomodation there. Below are the advantages &amp; disadvantages of the Hilton..1. staff are very friendly. check in was swift and at all stages during our stay when we made different demands they were met with no hassle.2. check their internet rates as we got a fantastic deal. For about 160 euro we got 2 nights b&amp;b with one evening meal for three in a room. excellent value3. Location. The Hilton is less than a 10 min walk from  Paddington train station which as a direct 15 min transfer  from Heathrow airport. Plus Oxford St/Hyde Park are only a  10 minute walk, 15 minute to all the shops on Oxford St.4. Breakfast at the Hilton had a very wide choice and variety of salads, meats, fruit juices, tea, coffee etc etc and can cater for most dietry requirements.The disadvantages1. The hotel is like 2 hotels joined together. Recommend you stay in the West Wing as the rooms are bigger and nicer.2. Queues for breakfast. Since the hotel is big there is  unacceptable queues to have breakfast in the morning. The room used for breakfast is just simply too small.Other than that I would definitely recommend the hotel and hope to stay here in the near future.	
Sep 15 2008 	LOVED THE HILTON	Stayed for one night in Hilton- excellent in all areas - Hotel lobby bright &amp; airy - Excellent lounge areas to watch the world go by. All hotel staff we encountered were very helpful. The room was clean &amp; tidy with great views of London. Excellent location for central London area. Breakfast &amp; dinner were wonderful in restaurant.. Will definately return.	
Sep 3 2008 	Would Not Stay Again	This is the second Hilton Metropole I've stayed at (the other was in Birmingham) and have had the same result both times - dark and dirty rooms. Amenities are poor - the TV couldn't have been older or smaller and there was a mini-bar but no prices. And forget about overhead lighting or floor lamps (likely no floor lamp because the room wasn't big enough to hold one). The bathroom floor (all 9 sq feet of it) was full of hair, as was the bathtub, and I don't believe the carpet has seen a hoover since the 1990s. Arriving at 8.30pm, I was told the only non-smoking room available was one with twin beds. If I wanted anything different, I would have to take a smoking room (no thank you!). The beds were uncomfortable and offered no opportunity for a good night's sleep.That said, room service was timely and the food was decent. I didn't venture to the bar or restaurants, nor did I use any of the other facilities at the hotel.As with the Birmingham Hilton Metropole, this one is off the list for future stays.	
Sep 2 2008 	Metrople Very Convenient	We stayed at the Metropole for two night on a Globus Tour. The hotel was in a very convenient location, walking distance to Hyde Park. Plenty of shoping and places to eat. Hotel itself was very nice and rooms were very comfortable. Staff was stationed everywhere if you had any questions. If you even looked confused, someone would approach you to help. Felt very comfortable letting our 15 and 19 year old roam around and go to the pool alone. We were on the 13th floor and elevators were extremely fast. No long waits, even on checkin. Breakfasts were wonderful and complete. Dinner was a bit disappointing though. Better choices outside of hotel. Rooms were small but comfortable.	
Sep 1 2008 	Disappointing Stay	Booked this hotel for a 2 part stay. 4 days at the beginning of our UK trip and 3 Days at the end.First stay check-in we were told the room we had booked wasn't ready yet and we could upgrade to the Executive room for a charge. Tired from our flight we took the upgrade. A well appointed room on the 22nd floor of the Tower with a fantastic view of the city. Being very allergic to feathers, I made sure to request non-feather bedding with my initial booking. I then called the day before our arrival to confirm our booking and my bedding request. I made the request again when checking in. And was disappointed to discover our upgraded room had feather pillows. A quick call to housekeeping (via Hilton's Magic Button) would hopefully solve this problem. After a short conversation with MB staff they would have housekeeping bring us foam pillows.The Executive room was clean and well appointed. Appearing to have been renovated fairly recently in comparison to the public areas of the hotel which were looking a little dated.Upon checking out of our first reservation decided to confirm our return booking for the following week, my bedding requst and store a couple of pieces of our luggage that we didn't want to drag around the UK with us. Everything confirmed, luggage stored. Perfect!Unfortunately, our second stay wasn't quite as pleasant as the first. After check-in and retrieving our luggage from storage we arrived at our room on the 5th floor of the tower. View outside our window was the concrete wall of the East Wing. It appears the East Wing was built in front of the Tower blocking the windows of the first 10 or so floors. As we probably wouldn't be spending much time in our room and had a great view before, we'd make due with it.I then decided to check the bedding and discovered that duvet and pillows contained feathers. Time for a call to the Magic Button, where the operator told me the hotel didn't have any non-feather bedding - to which I told her I knew they did because I used it on my earlier reservation last week. She then said she could send be a blanket and some foam pillows. Great!Within minutes there was a knock at our door. Blanket and pillows arrived. 2 thin foam pillows and a ratty old brown blanket not even the right size for our bed.A quick stop at the front desk was required. Gabriella, was incredibly sympathetic and helpful. She called housekeeping directly and told me they would fix the problem. And in the future I should mention the request on check-in as less experienced front desk people may not notice the note on the reservation. That didn't seem to help the first time!After a day around London we returned to our room to find all the original feather bedding still on the bed along with the MB blanket and pillows and now a pile of non-feather bedding. Apparently, it was up to us to strip and re-make our own bed. And then find somewhere in our room to store the feather bedding that wouldn't be close enough to set off my allergies as there was no way I was making yet another call to the not-so-Magic Button. And by this point I was tired and frustrated with the lack of service at this hotel.In the future I will do my best to avoid Hilton properties.	
Aug 30 2008 	Great location for visiting London	This is the second time when staying in London that I have chosen to stay at the London Metropole and I dare say that it wont be our last. The hotel is near Edgeware Road tube station which has four lines running through it - a big advantage for staying at this hotel. It is also near Paddington Station which is handy if flying into Heathrow. This is a very large and busy hotel however all the staff are very pleasant to the guests. We stayed in an executive room which was useful as a complimentary continental breakfast is served in the executive lounge. Our room was nice and well maintained. I was very pleased with this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Aug 29 2008 	Convenient Choice for Families in London	We chose the Hilton Metropole for our August London vacation because it was one of the only hotels available with two queen sized beds to accommodate two kids and two adults. We booked a 4-night package on the Hilton website for about $300 per night. It included breakfast for all 4 every day and first and third nights dinner, a great deal in London. The room was spacious by London standards and modern, though could use freshening up. The bathroom was large and in good, clean condition. We didn't use the pool but it looked very clean and nice. A mini fridge was available for 5 pounds a day so we could keep our own drinks and avoid the minibar prices.Although the Metropole is a large chain hotel, the convenience factor was a plus. The two Edgware Road Tube stations are across the street, Paddington Station is right nearby, double decker buses run constantly on Edgware Road in the directions of Trafalgar Square and Victoria, connecting to all the major tourist attractions. Although it is a bit of a hike to Marble Arch/Oxford St. on foot, a transit pass makes it simple to get around by hopping on and off the buses or Tube. The immediate area around the hotel is a Middle Eastern neighborhood, with many good and reasonable Lebanese restaurants such as Maroush and Fatoush. You won't find many non-Middle Eastern restaurants nearby, but it is a short walk to Marylebone with good restaurants and the better London chains such as Giraffe and Pizza Express. There are supermarkets nearby for snacks or ready -meals (useful as eating out is outrageously expensive in London), and Starbucks, Nero and Costa Coffee. Hertz is down Edgware Rd near Marble Arch and Edgware Rd connects the other way to the motorway, a convenience for those who want to take car trips outside London.The hotel food was very good, with an excellent antipasto bar and several main courses to choose from, as well as a children's menu. Breakfast was buffet style including cooked to order eggs and a good variety of foods on the buffet. It does get crowded in the morning though.All in all we were very pleased with the choice as a base for sightseeing in London.	
Aug 24 2008 	Quite Right	Overall, I very much enjoyed my stay at this hotel. Baring in mind it was four star, there ware a few exceptions to this standard.It is very well suited for families with teenagers etc and people who are looking to stay comfortably in London whilst going out sightseeing/shopping throughout the day AKA the hotel facilities not being the priority of your break.I shall get straight to the point with the pros and cons of this four star hotel...Pros:* Good Restraunt* Fantasticlly delicious brekfast* Clean Rooms* Comfortable beds* Overall helpfull and cheerfull staff* Wide range of facilities* Good Security Options* Daily room freshening* Rather pleasant views of the City* Convenience, nearby to many shopsand places of interest (M&amp;S across the street, Underground Station just outside) - At Edgware Road* Includes Gym, Sona etcCons:* Not given a showercap for a few days (not important!)* A bit of a que for check-in/out at some times I noticed* Maybe not much of a choice of food on the menu at the Fiamma Restraunt* A slight sound of traffic etc. can be heard from some rooms allthough well glazed* Minibar lacking items* Fridge only provided with charge* Noisy air con / heater* Small swimming pool and cramped changing rooms, although enough when not busy.	
Aug 23 2008 	Ok location - but busy	The hotel itself was in an ok location near a tube entrance, but overall it wasn't what I expected from a Hilton. We asked for early check-in and received one at about 1:00, but when we got in the room it was not vacuumed. The shower curtain was missing and the hallway smelled bad. I got the general impression that housekeeping wasn't good. The towels smelled funny (burnt?) and the room was pretty run down overall. The mattresses were not comfortable. On the plus side, the customer service was good and there were all the right amenities a business traveler needs such as internet, bar, restaurant, etc.	
Aug 21 2008 	Good value all round cosmopolitan hotel	We family of five -older teenagers in two rooms - deluxe plus West Wing,with view of canal (did not mind buidling site either) stayed for two nights, arriving in London very early off the 'sleeper' at the hotel at 9.00- although the rooms were not ready we had access to and used the leisure facilities to freshen up and deposited our bags then set out for the morning. On return around 1.00pm one of the rooms were ready, we had the west wing with adjoining rooms spacious and comfortable, good size bathroom with bath/shower ad mini bar, fresh fruit, water and cookies.The staff were extremely friendly, we booked dinner inclusive on the first night - which was excellent value with enough choices.Breakfast time is extremely busy with long queues ( l can see why the phrase canteen style was used)h but if you take the advice given and use the 'overflow' area in the East Wing, you do not have to wait and the service was again excellent. The choice was amazing wth fresh eggs including omelettes made in front of you to order. The hotel reception is large and very busy, lots of nationalites.and when we were there, a wedding reception was being held (middle eastern) gorgeous outfits to be seen. Excellent area for oxford st, and knightsbridge. Next to Edgeware tube which is handy commuting to the centre of London and attractions or £10.approx for a taxi to/ from leicester square.Bar prices what you expect in London, £7.50 for cocktails - which are well made and worth it. All round enjoyable stay and no complaints which is a bonus trying to please everyone.	
Aug 10 2008 	Mixd feelings about my stay	I booked a three night stay in the executive room for me and my son. I had booked the executive room at £189.08 per night so that we could use the executive lounge to meet our friends who were also going to stay at the hotel after work. Upon check in I was told that children under 16 were not allowed in the executive lounge after 5pm. This was not mentioned in their website and I had told the reservations team at the time that the room was for me and my 7 year old who did not mention anything. We had also previously used the executive lounge at the Kensington Hilton without any restrictions so assumed it would be the same at the Metropole. Big disappointment. I went to my room, which had a great view but smelt a bit strange and had noisy air conditioning. The room was big enough though and had everything I needed but as I was not able to access the executive lounge I phoned customer services to see if we could be moved to a bigger deluxe plus room without executive lounge access as we could then entertain in our room. (which also cost less than the executive room). Despite speaking to some one twice about this no one ever got back to me with a decision! I gave up. The hotel is bang opposite the tube, within walking distance of many attractions and opposite a M and S which was very handy but I didn't really like the area. On the last day no one had taken our breakfast menu off our door and so we received no breakfast! When I phoned to ask where it was they apologised and took a new order. This arrived nearly one hour later was not at all what I had ordered. They even tried to charge me for the service! They also charged me for a film I hadn't even ordered!I informed the staff at check out my problems and they took the £3.50 service charge off for the non delivery of the breakfast. Very generous!! The hotel itself was quite nice and the location was quite central and very convenient. However, after my experience I have to say I would never stay at that particular Hilton again.	
Aug 9 2008 	hilton vouchers - avoid at all costs	The hotel itself was no problem at all - busy, as one would expect.In fact, a good buzz. However I would caution any member against using vouchers from hilton. On attempting to use them for payment, we were told we couldn't despite the fact they were completely valid, in date and paid for. Hilton hotel vouchers were not accepted at a central London Hilton hotel! I don't blame the local staff. Three of them appeared and none of them had seen one before! I told them a hilton hotel voucher was a terrible gift in these circumstances and caused us embarrassment. They appeared to be under instructions from senior management not to honour them, or else had never been told of them. Voucher - Hilton -Avoid	
Aug 7 2008 	brilliant location	I have just returned from a 4 night stay in London with my 2 teenage daughters. The hotel is situated directly opposite a tube station and is exceptionally convenient for all the sites and shopping London has to offer. The hotel itself we found to be very clean and extremely comfortable, the view from our bedroom window was spectacular, we could see the London Eye for £165.00 per night. The breakfast was superb, as much as you could eat and all high quaility with a magnificent selection. The concierge and staff in general could not be faulted and no request was too much trouble. A fantastic hotel with great facilities and superb location. Five star for me and my daughters all the way	
Jul 29 2008 	Very mixed experience at Hilton Metropole	Some hotels are consistently mediocre. Not true of the Hilton Metropole. My five night stay at the Metropole as part of a business trip had some moments of five star perfection and moments of one star ineptituted that made me scratch my head and wonder.I arrived about an hour before check-in time and no rooms were ready. This was not a problem, however, there was a long line which was poorly controlled and several people were cutting the line. It was fairly chaotic and very surprising as there were velvet ropes in the lobby, but nobody on staff had taken the time to set them up. Also, there were hotel security people stading in the lobby, but nobody tood the time to try to organize the check-in / check-out line. When it was my turn to speak with a staffer, I mentioned something about the cutting in line and she just shrugged. She then took an awfully long time in the back (a smoke break maybe?) which made me wonder if this was some type of passive-aggressive payback for me complaining about the line and the cutting.Since I had to wait, I checked my bag with the bellman and went out for a bite to eat. Edgeware road is a very ethnically diverse neighborhood and I ate at a lovely Lebanese place a few blocks from the hotel. It was very good.Upon return, I was given a room and went to the bag check. The men there told me that they couldn't find my bag and my computer case and made me wait about 5 anxiety filled minutes while they helped other guests and searched more thoroughly. They did eventually find my bags.I next had to get to my room. Well, there are three separate banks of elevators and I took the wrong one. I got to the 12th floor and couldn't find my room number. I asked a staffer, who just shrugged and suggested I go back to the front desk. I went down to the lobby and again asked a staffer, who seemed annoyed that I was bothering her and refused to help me. Finally someone else pointed me to the West elevators, which is really the lobby of the next building over, but connected by an interior walkway past the restaurants.When I finally got to my room, I was thrilled. The room is really nice and the view (see photo) was terrific. The room was very large by European standards and was bright and sunny with a large desk. A five-star moment.Another great momment was having drinks in the bar with my business contacts. It is a very nice place to sit and the service was good, prices were decent (for London) and it was conducive to closing some business.The health facility was very mediocre (another two star moment). The workout room is cramped and smelly and the equipment old. The pool is quite small, despite the nice photo on the website. It is too small to swim laps and have it be a real workout.The room, after closer examination also had some disappointments. The TV table top was very heavily scratched; The desk chair does not adjust height, which makes it awkward if using for more than a few minutes; there are only a few TV stations; my dresser drawers would not shut properly and looked like the faces were about to fall off; there were no wine glasses in the room, despite wine in the minibar; there was a box on the desk with instuctions for internet access-- it didn't work and after I called for help they told me the box is not necessary (THEN WHY IS IT THERE??); and lastly, there was an interior door to the next room that was not very soundproof. A family with small children were staying there. The kids were very well behaved, but I did hear a lot of them....The checkout was a bit smoother, but still had issues. I used the express check out, which was fine, but I never got a final statement emailed to me. I logged on to the Hilton site and this hotel doesn't offer e-folio and it tells me to call the hotel. After I called the first time, I was told that an invoice would be faxed to me. It wasn't. So I called again and found someone who emailed me an invoice, which is great, except that it was not a final invoice with a zero balance, which is what my accounting department wants... so I need to keep trying.All in all, I liked the room and the view, and I love Hiltons, but I think I will stay somewhere else on my next business trip to London.	
Jul 29 2008 	Amazing Stay	I stayed with 5 friends at the Hilton London Metropole in July 2008 for 2 nights, we booked directly with the hotel and was given a bargain price!The Hotel was spotless, we had a lovely room on the 10th floor, with a view overlooking central London.The food was amazing, for breakfast they have everything you could possibly imagine!!!We had a small problem with our TV, after phoning reception someone came up straightaway to fix it.Fantastic service from every member of staff we came across.I would without a doubt stay here again!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 3 nights and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel and staff. Very comfortable and a great location. Would gladly stay there again.C. JohnsonLouisiana	
Jul 21 2008 	Location Great Hotel condition not so much	Stayed at Metropole for one night on July 20, 2008. Agree that location is great for catching the Heathrow Express as its literally a 5 minute walk. Also across the street from Edgware Station on the tube. However, for$300 US we got a very tired room in the west wing that was need of a major &quot;freshening up&quot;. Mold in the shower, stained and dirty carpet, damaged desk and drawers and paper thin walls between rooms. If you are jet lagged and cant sleep you will hear the guests next door. Its also a huge and impersonal place. Better to find a local London hotel in the area (there are many on Sussex Gardens that are clean and reasonably priced).I would stay away unless you are getting a room for 125-150$.	
Jul 19 2008 	So So hotel	We had no choice but to stay here as it was the start of our tour. Overall it was a decent stay but it had its problems. We arrived around 11:30 am...reception was very friendly and our room was available immediately. We were in the tower section and the moment we stepped onto floor 12 there was this horrible stench! I can't even describe it...it was musty/mouldy/damp all mixed into one. Our room was SOOO small. We literally had to carry our suitcases over the beds...we were there for 4 nights so it was very claustrophobic, cramped and we ended up bumping into so many corners. We were facing Edgware Road so it was extremely busy at all times of the night but the smell was soo strong that we couldn't sleep with the windows closed. It was a lose lose situation. I didn't even sleep in the comforter I was just so disgusted. The maid did not change the sheets for the entire 4 nights we were there...we could tell since I had an icecream stain on my bed!! I understand not changing them everyday but every other day would've been nice! Our clothes ended up smelling all musty and damp. The real piss off was the mini bar...my cousin checked the mini bar right when we got into the room to make sure everything was there so we wouldn't get charged for anything...sure enough the next day while we're out sightseeing something goes missing!! So that afternoon when we get back we're just hanging out in the room when we have the guy stocking the mini bar knocking on our door...he says that we had taken out a tolberone chocolate and I told him that's impossible as we just got back to the hotel so he checked the fridge and it was missing!!! I was dumbfounded...it wasn't me and it wasn't my cousin so who else could have taken it!?!? I told him to check with the maid or security and he promised he would do so but I never heard back from him...I'm not the kind to argue so I left it but yeah I was charged $10 CDN for a chocolate bar you can get for under a $1. We ended up leaving the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign the rest of our stay since we didn't want anything else to go missing. I'm sure there are better rooms somewhere in this hotel but floor #12 definately isn't it...I was so glad when we finally left...	
Jul 16 2008 	Do Not Recommend	I stayed at the London Metropole for 4 nights in late June. Positives:1) Conveniently located near tube station and Paddington Station (for rail link to Heathrow)2) Marks &amp; Spencer directly across the street with excellent food section (sandwiches, fresh fruit, beverages etc)3) Close proximity to &quot;Little Venice&quot;Negatives:1) Terrible carpet in room - stained in many areas2) Sink did not drain properly3) Tiny television with fuzzy reception5) Poorly furnished - felt more like a Motel 8 than a Hilton6) Lobby had a musty smell7) We arrived before our room was ready and left our luggage with the Porter in the secure luggage area. We were given a luggage claim tag. Upon our return to the hotel to collect our luggage, the Porter was too lazy to take our tags and bring our luggage to us. He claimed he had been in the luggage room for too long and was about to go crazy (his words!) He then asked us to come into the luggage room ourselves and just pick out our luggage. Absolutely horrible service and unacceptable.Overall, I can not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great Location rate service	I stayed at the London Metropole Hilton (used to be called the Thistle Metropole, I think). It is in a good location, near the Edgeware Road tube stop, with 3 different tube lines within a block of the hotel. The walk to Paddington for the Heathrow Express was not easy - uneven pavement, but it was fast - 12-15 minutes with rolling luggage. The rate was good - in fact my trravel agent found out that the rate with dinner was CHEAPER than the rate without it. Hey you gotta eat. Food was okay - a buffet for starters and then a served entree and then a dessert buffet. Breakfast is buffet, and CROWDED, but you can also have fried ages and custom omelets. We sticked up on items from the buffet for our day.The room was clean, bigger than some London hotels, but faced the back of rooms across the more expensive airspace. It was good value for money, definitely.The neighborhood is ethnic Arab, so it that bothers you, don't stay here. I never felt unsafe. It is walking distance from Boots Pharmacy, McDonalds and across the street from a small Marks and Spencers. Foodstores for snacks and meals are there too.I didn't try the pool or healthclub, but it was available. The hotel is large - more than 1,000 rooms, so you can feel like just a number here. All of my questions were easily answered by helpful staff.	
Jul 14 2008	Great Hotel in Central Location	Stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 3 nights in July 2008 with spouse and 2 teenagers, 16 &amp; 13. Booked Queen Deluxe Room which had 2 very comfortable queen size beds. Room was very comfortable. Took the tube from Heathrow to Edgeware Road Station and couldn't believe how close it was to hotel. 2 tube stations within 5 min. walk!! Didn't have breakfast included, so went across the road to M&amp;S for fresh rolls/crossiants, cheese, fruit etc. which filled us up nicely. Check-In and check-out was very fast. Will definitely stay at the Hilton Metropole on our next trip to London.	
Jul 13 2008	A Three Star Hotel	The Metropole is not a four star hotel.It was a major disappointment for a Hilton hotel.The rooms were no better than a Travelodge. Small and not that well appointed.The location isn't that great, for the price.Can't think of a good reason to stay there again.	
Jul 7 2008 	PERFECT	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel, just checked out on the 6th of july 2008. Myself, my wife and my 2 kids(12,9) checked in a Queen deluxe room in the west wing. This hotel is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES WITH KIDS with 2 LARGE BEDS. Our rate was including first night dinner (Very good small buffet) and an open buffet for breakfast (PERFECT).Location(PERFECT) with a very easy access to 2 underground stations (4 lines) and several bus stops just around the corner.Check in &amp; Check out : Although the hotel is very crowded, it only took me 5 minutes in both in &amp; out.Last but not least: with 2 kids and 2 large luggage, we managed to travel from Heathrow to the hotel via subway with 10 GBP and back from the hotel to Heathrow with much heavier bags via Heathrow Express trains (just 5-7 minutes walk from hotel) with 30 GBP.In summary, our stay at London Metropole Hotel was PERFECT.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good service great location	We just returned from eight nights at this hotel, located just a block from the Edgware tube station on the Circle line. Very convenient to most if not all London sites.....we either walked or took the Underground to everywhere we went. Marks and Spencer food section just across the street has plenty of sandwiches, salads, fruits and beverages so you don't get hammered by the conversion of dollars to pounds. Room was small but servicable - we were on the 22nd floor of the west tower with a killer view of Hyde Park. Excellent bathroom, complimentary Times on the door each morning, coffee/tea service in-room. The hotel experienced a power outage once when we were there, and an A/C failure a second day, but the maintenance staff was all over it and got it fixed within a reasonable period of time. Health club was OK. Housekeeping staff prompt and courteous. Minibar has small section you can use to cool your own beverages. Big lobby is a nice place to hang out and people watch.	
Jul 3 2008 	Very disappointed	Having stayed in an number of other Hilton Hotels, we were very much looking forward to our stay at the Metropole however, in almost every way, we were disappointed.Some of the problems are down to the sheer size of the hotel (over 1000 rooms) which mean the place feels totally soul-less and the staff always appear to have something far more important to do. From the moment we arrived, it was queues (even at the HHonours &quot;express&quot; check-in desk), un-helpful non-English speaking staff, crowds of people and a general feeling of being nothing more than just another number.We stayed in an Executive room at £240 per night, which turned out to be of no higher standard than an average Travel-Inn room. Executive rooms we have stayed in at other Hiltons (for example the Manchester Deansgate hotel at two-thirds the price) have been finished to a far higher level. The Executive lounge was very small and was frequently untidy, had no available chairs and had dirty cups/plates/glasses left on tables. The &quot;nibbles&quot; provided in the afternoon cocktail hour were often nothing more than just left-overs from breakfast stuck on a skewer.Additionally, unlike other executive lounges, only a continental breakfast was available - to have a cooked breakfast you had to fight the queues at the main dining room on the ground floor - somewhat defeating the purpose of paying the extra for Executive facilities.Over the weekend, one of the conference rooms was used as an additional breakfast room which did help to ease the queues slightly but, like the rest of the hotel, the conference room was clearly under-staffed for the number of guests meaning that there was still a wait for a table and for much of the food options.The hotel is served by two tube stations which makes travelling round London very easy but be aware that tubes stop running around midnight on weekdays, so you will need to find alternative transport back to the hotel if you stay out any later than that. However, don't be fooled into thinking you can get an earlier tube back and spend the rest of the evening in a local bar...there aren't any! The pub across the road from the hotel shuts early and, whilst Edgware Road has a large number of cafe-bars, none of them serve alcohol. This means that you are forced to use the hotel bar which has all the atmosphere of an airport departure lounge and charges extortionate prices - £14 for a pint of lager and a Baileys, including a 10% &quot;service charge&quot; applied despite the fact that I'd ordered and been served my drink at the bar, requiring no &quot;service&quot; whatsoever.So, if you like queueing, want to be herded like cattle, ignored by staff, over-charged for low-quality rooms, ripped-off on drinks and generally feel like you've spent your whole time in London staying in the departure lounge of Heathrow airport, this is THE place for you....If you prefer a little be more for your money, i'd advise you to steer well clear of the Metropole.	
Jul 2 2008 	Loved it!!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hilton London Metropole for $100 a night from Priceline... I didnt think that there was any way to stay there for so cheap! The hotel WAS AWESOME! We enjoyed our stay there. There were no issues at all, from the moment we walked into reception everyone was super nice and helpful. The rooms were small as we expected but enough room for both of us and all our stuff. The rooms were well kept, cleaned and we had a nice view of the city. The hotel is very convienient, there are 2 tube stations across the street, with three different lines. I would for sure stay at the Hilton London Metropole again... it was just way more then I expected!	
Jun 22 2008 	Clean and Accomodating	We booked our trip through Globus with an online travel agent and there was some problems with the reservation in that my mother in law and my husband have the same last name and I retained my maiden name, so they had my husband and my mother in law in the same room. We arrived at 2PM and the front desk spent time correcting the reservation and in fact found a handicapped room for my mother in law with my husband and myself in an adjoining room with a connecting door. The only hitch was that the rooms were not ready until 5PM, however they gave us vouchers for free drinks at the bar. The rooms were adaquate size (there are a lot of comments about the rooms being tiny), however the only thing I can say is that there are not enough drawers for clothes and the closet is limited with not too many hangers. The room and the bathroom are a little worn, however everything was extremely clean. The bed appears to be a platform bed and the mattress was firm, but I do not have a problem with that. My husband said that if you sat down hard on the bed you would bottom out, but I did not experience any problem with the bedding. We were on the 13th floor in the West wing and we had no problem with elevators, They came very quickly. We had free breakfast with our stay and the buffet breakfast has everything you could ask for and very polite and helpful staff. If there was a line, it moved very quickly. All the staff was very helpful and friendly. One of the doorman went out of his way to get a cab that my mother in law could get into as she has mobility problems. We never had a problem with getting a cab. We did not use public transportation, as my mother in law couldn't use that, but I saw many buses and the underground was close by. The neighborhood looked to be very safe and restaurants were close by.	
Jun 16 2008 	Very enjoyable	Stayed here several times and it just gets better and better. Very nice, not too large, but sufficient king tower room on 17th floor with views of northern London (the less interesting part, but at least you could see Wimbledon Stadium), newly renovated in shades of brown and orange. Great bedding. Motorway below could hardly be heard and was no nuisance at all.A problem with the toilet was solved in no time.My very inexpensive prepaid rate included one of the largest breakfast buffets ever and dinner on two of three nights (soup or salad buffet, main course, dessert buffet, excluding drinks and tip) which was not breathtaking but more than reasonable.Location next to three tube and several bus lines, one of tube stop away from Paddington station (Heathrow Express) and with direct tube connecting to Victoria Station (Gatwick Express) is great, but almost every major sightseeing point requires a 10-20 min. bus or tube trip which was fine with me, give the always competitive hotel rates.	
Jun 9 2008 	Comfortable rooms in a great location	We stayed at the Metropole for 4 nights in late May and had an all- around positive experience. Booked 2 connecting rooms, one for DH and I, one for our 2 children ages 7 and 19. Rooms were clean, beds comfortable, we had a view over Edgeware Road toward the underground station. The bus stop and the underground are directly across the street, couldn't be any more convenient! Buffet breakfast was included in the room rate-it was fresh, well stocked, and we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table. The first morning we slept late and missed the hotel breakfast, but Suzy's Cafe less than a block away was great for a quick meal.There is a small grocery store and a Marks and Spencer across the street to stock up on room snacks. The neighborhood around the hotel felt very safe, and the hotel staff was wonderful to us.The only thing I didn't like was that you could not use the mini bar fridge to store anything of your own or you would be charged. Instead, they wanted you to rent an additional fridge - what a huge waste of energy! I didn't understand this at all.Patrick at the concierge desk really gave us some great tips throughout our stay. We took a full day Golden Tours bus tour on our second day which covered almost all of the highlights. I don't think we would have seen as much if not for the good structure of the tour. The next day we filled in with what was missed (the London Eye, shopping) and the last day, on Patrick's advice, we took the train to Brighton Beach, which was wonderful. Looking forward to visiting London again sometime and would certainly return to the Metropole.	
Jun 9 2008	Nice view shame about the room	I have been to a few Hiltons in Europe and when my parents came to London to visit me, I recommended a Hilton as I had always found the rooms and service excellent.I must say, I was very disappointed with this Hilton. It is by far the grubbiest Hilton I have been in. Their room (they stayed in the infamous tower) was definitely not worth what they were charged. It was pokey and shabby. The bathroom was also very grubby looking and my parents had problems getting hot water out of the tap. The grubbiness was not due to any lack of care by the cleaning staff, but by the general shabbiness of the building.Also in the lounge at the basement, the sofas were quite dirty, one even had what looked like old chewing gum spread over it.I even asked the desk if my parents had been given the correct room as I had requested a &quot;Queen Deluxe&quot; and it certainly was neither Queenly or luxurious, and was informed that the &quot;Queen Deluxe&quot; part was due to their view, which was great, but didnt help them get a hot shower in the morning. All in all, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I shall certainly avoid it in the future and carefully read the reviews before booking another.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great Vacation	I was a little scared after I booked our trip and read some of the reviews about this hotel. But upon arrival at 10:30 am we were told our room was not ready, but I expected that. They did tag our luggage and put it away so we could start exploring London. We returned around 1 pm and got our room in the West Wing. I went with my 2 grown daughters (in their 20's) and our room had 3 single beds. It was a beautiful room, a little on the small side to what we Americans are used to, but who goes to London to stay in their room. The room was clean, the people were very helpful. The restaurants in the hotel are overpriced, so go out and venture there are a lot of great little restaurants within walking distance.  The Underground is directly across the street. Used it a lot in the 4 day visit. I would recommend this hotel to all and would return if I could afford it. :)	
Jun 4 2008 	Hilton never again	Arrived early in the day, sent us to a room that reaked of smoke and right next to the elevators, they would not change the room, even though the hotel was no where near full. Both mornings ,early, someone from the hotel knocked on the door and just entered the room while we were sleeping, I guess the sign on the door wasn't big enough. We went to the main restaurant at 6:30pm and were told to come back at 9:30pm even though tables were available, I thought they were joking at first.We were going to place a bottle of water to keep it cold in the mini bar fridge, and noticed a sign stating that if anything was moved from it's original place, we would be charged for it immediately - rediculous.I am not sure what hotel the previous positive reviews are talking about, because it certainly cannot be the Hilton Metropole London.	
May 27 2008	You have to respect this hotel	This hotel is not some posers paradise. It is not for irrational reviewers. This is a quality operation. Huge, busy and all action. You sit in the bar and you see staff and customers all day - loads of them. All staff are polite and the quality is in place. This is not a lovebirds haven, this is a functional, businesslike and a simply brilliant operation. If you respect it for what it is you can only come to one conclusion. Great.	
May 26 2008 	Loved the Metropole	We have just returned home after a 1 night stay at the Metropole for our 30th Wedding Anniversary.We were a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but need not have worried. We were given a room on the 21st floor of the Tower block, It was spacious and very clean. All of the staff we encountered were polite, friendly and always smiling.The buffet breakfast was excellent with plenty of choice.It was a bank holiday weekend and the restaurant was busy but we were still served promptly. Overall we had a great time.	
May 24 2008 	Avoid	Very large hotel that has a huge number of coach tours staying. The hotel is in a 23 story tower with very old, slow and small lifts that are totally inadequate for the hotel, expect very long delays getting to or from your room.The price does not reflect the quality of the rooms - you pay a lot for a badly maintained room and not very clean room.The breakfast facilities are not enough for a hotel of this size, they cannot cope with the large groups of coach tourists who all want their breakfast at the same time.Stay in a different hotel!	
May 21 2008 	Couldnt get a taxi	Booked a weekend break for parents and I to celebrate my dads birthday .....had theatre tickets but couldnt get a taxi from the hotel so we had to get the tube....missed the start of Phantom.The staff were all very pleasent but the hotel was very very busy.Took too long to check in and out.Queued for everything including meals.	
May 20 2008 	Closet size rooms	Recently strayed foe 3 nights at this hotel, we where part of a group so basically we did not have an option to chose a different hotel, we were given a room in the main building that was size of a big closet. The king size bed was hard as a billiard table and barely fitted inside the room. The bathroom was so small that I couldn’t stretch my arms without touching both walls. Also the location is no good if you are a tourist, if you want to walk some place of interest is about 25 blocks away. The entire surrounding neighborhood is off Middle Eastern decent as all restaurants and shops in the area. This was my 4th time in London and would definitely NEVER stay here again.	
May 19 2008 	Big and Busy Good Service	Booked a short weekend break at the Metropole. There are several Hiltons in London but we chose this one for its family rooms which consisted of two double beds, ideal for the three of us. The hotel is, by British standards, huge with over a thousand rooms. This makes it very busy in the lobby and other public areas. Quite a number of bus tours use the hotel as their London base. The hotel's employees were very polite and pleasant despite having to put in a lot of hard work and this certainly contributed to our stay.The hotel is reasonably well situated with underground stations literally on the doorstep though it is not as central as some. Oxford Street is a fifteen minute walk away, as is Hyde Park. Other London landmarks are further afield but easily accessible by public transport. The immediate locale of Edgware Road appears to be London's Lebanese quarter and a short stroll will take you past numerous restaurants with many clients sat outside smoking hookah pipes. Our room was in the West Wing, was a good size and was perfectly adequate. The view wasn't up to much but the sound of the busy road outside did not penetrate the windows. The bathroom was fairly basic but well stocked with La Source toiletries and the room itself had the usual trappings of hotels of this standard. The TV had the UK's five terrestrial channels, a couple of news channels and some foreign language stuff. Sky Sports was not available, presumably due to the cost. The beds were fine though they weren't overly generous with the number of pillows on offer. We don't normally avail ourselves of a hotel's restaurant except for breakfast but on this trip we needed feeding in a hurry on both days. The Nippon Tuk restaurant is situated on the top of the tower block and affords some great views over central London. The food was very good as well. Asian fusion style, it was well presented and good quality. It was also rather pricey. The main restaurant was off the lobby and offered a more general menu at less cost. This was pretty good as well but the service can be a bit stretched at busy times. As for the breakfast it was the Full English buffet which always gets the day off to a good start. On the Saturday they had an overflow room (The Kings Suite) opened up for breakfast as the main restaurant can get somewhat overwhelmed when everyone turns up at the same time. There are two bars, a general one by the lobby and a sports bar next to the restaurant.Other nice touches included ice machines on each floor. Common in the US, European hotels seem to be slow to offer this useful service. However, if you want a soft drink to drop the ice into you have either got to pay a fortune to get it from the mini bar or nip down the road to the nearby supermarket. The best 'extra' was the extended check-out, useful for those of us with evening flights to catch. Overall we were reasonably impressed with the Metropole. It wasn't luxury accommodation but provided what we wanted at, by London's standards, a reasonable price.	
May 19 2008 	Loved the Metropole	My husband, 2 children aged 10 and 7 and myself loved this hotel. We arrived early, and were given our room straight away. We booked the bed and breakfast option with evening meal on the first night. The evening meal was disappointing, but the kids meals were lovely. The breakfast was amazing. We had loads of choice and it was lovely and clean. Husband and children up at 6 to go to the pool! Normally have to wake kids up! My 7 year old cried when we left. We usually go to Florida on holiday, but he wants to stay at the Hilton again! London busy and hectic, so it was lovely to come back to nice room. The second day, the cleaners had put all new products in the bathroom. The room WAS small but everything was there, and there wasn't much choice on t.v., but if they are the only complaints we have, we find the hotel was money well spent, and my husband and I are intending to go back on our own soon!	
May 17 2008 	A good deal to me!	I booked this hotel by calling HIlton Hotels and they gave me an airline staff rate of $215 plus tax ( I'm an employee of a major airline and Hilton gives us some kind of a discount). We found the room a bit small, but everything looked pretty new other than the carpet and the TV. We were barely in the room as the weather was beautiful, but we did turn on the TV after going to the theater at night and there were barely any channels. Those would be my biggest complaints.My mom has Hilton Honors so they gave us free breakfast. The breakfast buffet was wonderful! We also ordered Fish and Chips late at night from Room Service. Very pricy but tasty! There is an indoor pool and the gym was very well equipped. I had a good workout.The hotel is conveniently located near 2 tube stations. There is also a Mark's and Spencer across the street if you want to grab food to go.We found the staff to be very accomodating and nice.Overall it was pretty decent and my mother got gobs of Hilton points for staying there.	
May 7 2008	Hideously Unfriendly	Stayed here with my Mum for a few days whilst shopping. Experience was strange. Very unfriendly and sterile, ok if you are on business and don't mind being being rushed and overlooked but would not stay here again with family/friends. Food fantastic, which made up for lack of service. Room was comfortable, spacious and clean, if a bit basic.	
May 4 2008	Hmmm our experience was good.	I read some of the reviews about the hotel and was very surprised by them. My husband, daughter and I stayed there for 8 nights last week and we were pleased with the hotel. It wasn't the Ritz, but then I didn't pay Ritz prices. Our room was on the 11th floor in the West Wing. We arrived a little early and they gave us a room right away, so we could unpack and enjoy the rest of the day in London. The room was much nicer than I expected. The only real problem was people being unnecessarily loud. I am always amazed by the inconsideration of people in hotels that has nothing to do with the hotel. People being very noisy at 2 or 3 in the morning and loud early in the morning. I thought breakfast was nice, although we found food in London was mediocre at best. I guess we are spoiled Americans. My husband and I enjoyed the atmosphere in the lobby. People seemed to enjoy the comfortable furniture and just hanging out there. It isn't high end luxury, but it certainly is nicer than 3*s.	
May 2 2008 	Good Standard	Stayed here for one night on business. I stayed on the 11th floor in the West Wing and was impressed with my room. Bathroom was extremely clean, bed was very comfy and a proper ironing board and iron was greatly appreciated.The entrance was very well kept and there was always plenty of staff around if you had any queries. I didn't sample any of the food in the restaurants, but they always looked busy. Very central location, and only £4.50 in a taxi from Paddington Train Station.	
Apr 30 2008 	Ask for 10th floor and higher!	It seems to pay out mentioning you study Tripadvisor when checking in! We booked the Metropole over the web for three nights this April. I was a bit horrified by some reviews and photos made by previous guests so I mentioned this while dealing with the young man at the check in. He then asked me to hold on and after a few minutes he offered us an upgrade on the 20th floor, overlooking the town. The room and the view were fantastic! Only once we skipped breakfast because the queue was just too long. One night we treated us to cocktails in the bar on the top floor. The drinks were good and the view stunning. Sadly the atmosphere was not right caused by the bartender treating all his guests like intruders. Everything else made us feeling welcomed and we certainly will come back!	
Apr 24 2008	Nice Central Hotel with a lot of rooms!	Stayed here once and can not fault, walking distance to Oxford Street. Hotel is huge and you can get lost . Rooms large, clean and comfortable and hotel offers good rates. Would recommened this hotel and would stay again.	
Apr 20 2008 	P. U. (literally)	I've stayed at this hotel several times over the period of the last 4 years, and it just gets worse every time. The hotel is divided into three wings...East, West, and Tower. The East and West wings are relatively new, with large rooms and recent updates. The Tower wing should be avoided at all costs. Rooms in the Tower are being almost overcome with mold and mildew, not only in the baths, but around the air conditioning units (which rarely work), windows and walls. On a recent trip, the mold was so severe I actually developed respiratory problems by the time I checked out. I was flatly denied a change of rooms by front desk staff that seemed unable or just unwilling to assist. I have written to hotel management twice, and have yet to receive a response.	
Apr 8 2008	You get what you pay for here	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, April 1 through 3rd, 2008. After reading the previous reviews of this hotel, I was very leery of staying there. My business companion and I had both booked the standard twin room, his was GBP 129/night, mine was GBP 154/night, which included breakfast each morning plus dinner one night. He got to the hotel first, and told me that his room was indeed very tiny, and that you could barely move around the room since the furniture filled it up. He called it very &quot;cozy&quot; and in fact, it had everything he needed, although he did say the room service guy had difficulty getting around the room in order to put down the breakfast tray. He compared it to a dorm room. I was unwilling to stay in such a &quot;cozy&quot; room, and immediately upgraded to an executive king, for an additional GBP 50/night, and based on what I had read here, asked for a room in either the East or West Wing. I was given a room in the East Wing, and it was well worth the extra $100/night to have a large room, with a great view of the City and the London Eye. My room was very nice, was clean, and had both a shower and bathtub. The street noise could be bothersome to some, but face it, you're in a big city, and these are big city noises. I agree with the prior posters about the breakfast, it certainly wasn't worth $30. Get coffee and a croissant from the coffee bar in the lobby, or even better, go across the street to Marks and Spencer.I don't like having to pay extra in order to get a decent room.	
Apr 5 2008	Avoid this hotel	Avoid this hotel at all costs. I stayed there in 2005 through a Globus tour. From my hotel room you could see the flowers piled up across the street at the tube station where a terrorist-related subway bombing had occurred. The first hotel room they put me in had a window that would not lock. It took a long time to switch to another room.Needless to say, between the hotel and our timing for touring London, it was an awful trip.I just returned from 10 days in London (3/08) and had a wonderful experience. London isn't as bad as the Hilton Metropole had made me think.Go to London, but stay elsewhere. I would not stay at the Metropole again if it was offered to me at no cost. Globus, you need to establish another London location.	
Apr 5 2008 	Good stay	I have traveled extensively for business-having stayed in over 200 hotels/resorts in the last 20 years. So, I am relatively unimpressed with top-notch hotels since you can encounter the same problems at top hotels and discount hotels. I have no expectations of any hotel(no matter what the ranking) until I stay there.We stayed 3 weeks at this hotel. For a family of 4, I had several criteria:-reasonable price for London(hard to get since London is ranked as one of the most expensive cities in the world)-cleanliness-definitely, we had a clean roon, 2 double beds, and clean bathroom-serviced every day-we stayed in the newly refurburbished wing, with a room overlooking the canal-safe-which worked-food-we bought breakfast at Marks an Spencer, Costa, and Starbucks: lunch to take on the outings-bought at M&amp;S-did not find the area seedy-just ethnic-close to Edgware stn and paddington, and buses-so we traveled exclusively on public transportWell-suited for us and we would return.	
Apr 1 2008	Easter Weekend	We recently stayed at this hotel over the Easter weekend. I would agree with the previous review that the close proximity to the tube stations give great access to London. Although there were engineering works we had no problems catching a bus to various attractions.The rooms are a good size and were extremely clean. We had breakfast each morning and as there is an &quot;overflow&quot; sitting on the third floor we opted for that rather than in the restaurant and had no problems getting a table straight away.As has been mentioned in previous reviews, on our last day (it was raining) we noticed quite a strong smell of sewage in the foyer and that would be my one negative point.Overall we had a great deal pricewise for 5 rooms over the Easter weekend.	
Mar 30 2008 	Nice Stay	Our family spent a week at this hotel during our family vacation over the kids' Easter Break. Price was fairly reasonable, but don't expect any &quot;bargains&quot; to be had in Great Britain given the current state of the U.S. dollar.Arrived at hotel early in the morning after an overnight flight from U.S., and we were very pleased to be able to check into our rooms immediately. Staff was polite and courteous. Concierge desk was very helpful, though it seemed to be slightly understaffed during morning hours when many guests needed assistance. Sports bar in hotel lacked quality service (staff seemed to ignore patrons sitting at tables) and limited T.V. viewing options; food was good, however. Principal hotel restaurant on the ground floor offered both good service and quality food. Rooms were decent in size. Bathroom was roomy enough, though it only had one electrical outlet (supposedly for shaver use only). The shower in one of our rooms seemed to never produce anything beyond lukewarm water, though the shower in our other room had no such problems. T.V. in rooms were small and definitely old, offering basically only 9 programming channels (2 of which were not English language based). Room internet access was available but not cheap. Room service failed to clean one of our rooms one day. Lots of hallway noice, and street noise seemed to be constant (especially from police/ambulance vehicles).Being located near Edgware Road and Paddington tube stations was a big plus. Area surrounding hotel has a definite Middle Eastern flavor to it. We experienced no personal safety issues moving out and about, even at night. If you don't mind walking, there is certainly plenty to see in the general vicinity as well.	
Mar 27 2008 	Good transportation access	We arrived here Easter Sunday. We found that access to multiple tube lines on a holiday weekend is a major advantage. This hotel front door is a block and a half from two Edgeware Rd stations. One gives accesss to the Hammersmith and City line and the Circle line while the other provides access to the Bakerloo line. Track maintenance often takes place on weekends and especially on holiday weekends. This Sunday and Easter Monday the Circle Line was out of service and Hammersmith and City had limited service. So having access to the other station was very convenient. Also, we were traveling with 2 of our daughters. It was great to have a decent sized room with a nice view. I would skip the breakfast deals on weekends, there was a line every AM. We skipped that and walked to local coffee shops, saved money and time. There are likely cheaper rooms available in London but this seems to be a reliable source for a clean, nice sized room in a good location. Granted, there is not much in close walking distance in terms of eating establishments but Oxford St. is not too far.	
Mar 25 2008 	got a nice upgrade	Spent Easter Saturday at this hotel as we were going to see Mamma Mai (great fun show) that afternoon.I got a fantastic deal on Hilton's web site of £106 B&amp;B only downside had to pay upfront.We booked in midday at the Hilton Honours desk, and got upgraded to an executive room, which was very nice indeed, it was quiet large for a London based hotel, with a very comfortable king bed, 2 very comfortable chairs in which to watch TV, a nice bathroom to include a walk in shower. All in all very nice indeed.We had accsess to the executive lounge, so we went down for a drink, and there was cake, cookies and fruit to be had, Around tea time there was finger sandwiches and cakes to be had. Then between 6p.m and 7.30 p.m lovely selection of nibbles such as filo wrapped prawns, little pizzas ,dips,vegiterian strudle,mini rumbabas,sandwiches of smoked salmon ham and cream cheese, a fantastic cheese platter, wine, spirits. You could see people having their dinner up there.We had dinner at Fiamma Restaurant which was very nice, and they had a special price if you wanted either help yourself salad bar to begin with followed by a main course from the Main Course selection or an afters buffet at £18.50 per person.Breakfast on Easter Sunday was very busy but fantastic much larger than normal Hilton breakfasts, it included waffles and pancakes.If we need accomadation in London again will definatly return.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great stay - high price	After traveling all over the UK, I needed a place to spend the last night in London, opting to stay relatively near Paddington Station so I could take the Heathrow Express to the airport the next morning. This hotel is about 2 blocks from the Edgware Rd London Underground station where I arrived from Liverpool St's Network Rail station. Check in was quick and easy, but getting the desk clerk to confirm that the elevator was at the west end of the building near the convention center was a bit of a challenge. Perhaps she just started work that day, and did not take the tour of the premises.The room was great. My late booking left me with few choices, so I took an executive queen room. It included two comfortable beds, a nice well lit bathroom, a pants press, a safe, and an ironing board. The television was behind the times, and the selection of channels very limited.The desk had internet for 15 GBP per night. This is ridiculously overpriced, but the connection was solid. Next time I am in the UK, I think I'll buy a TMobile broadband dongle and pay for it even though I am not in country.I skipped the restaurants, and crossed the street to Marks and Spencer where I bought some yogurt and fruit since I was trying to avoid the calories and the prices of a restaurant meal.The room came to $395 USD, a bit pricey, but the location is so convenient that since the weather was pleasant, the next morning I walked down Praed St to Paddington.	
Mar 18 2008 	Mediocre	I switched to this hotel after staying at the Hilton Waldorf for a few days which I thought was terribly over-priced and not deserving of the Waldorf aura. But this place has issues as well. I asked for a quiet room on the canal side and I was assigned a room that looked directly into a building. When I refused that room, I was given a room on the city side that turned out to be so noisy I could hardly sleep at night. You can hear sirens all night, especially on weekends and worse, you can hear the buses idling at the corner all night. I got tired of complaining and at that point, I didn't want to pack up yet again. Besides the front desk was always mobbed and the people there seemed junior and unable to really take care of customers. I'm a Hilton Honors member and had booked an executive room. Not such an honor. The pool and fitness room (which is cramped with no windows) closes at 7:30 on weekends - now, for whose convenience is that? Certainly not the guests - The hallways, like most London hotels are grimy with dirty woodwork and outdated carpet. But the worse thing is really the noise. Be forewarned. Unless you have some good reason to stay here, don't. I found the Renaissance to be about the only good western hotel to stay at (i like getting points) but the fitness center there is like a closet.	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice hotel shame about the area	This hotel was chosen for an overnight stay as a base for a Seminar. It is plush, clean to a clinical standard and the room was well laid out, well furnished, clean and comfortable.A good selection of courtesy products were made available and extras were easily obtained such as milk, coffee etc.The only downside is the horrendous smell of sewage in the main foyer and the seedy area it is situated in. There is an Underground station [Edgware Road] directly opposite and access to taxi's outside the door is 24 hours. Tussauds waxworks is a short walk away as is Oxford Street.A word of caution, the bar prices are just off the scale, £8 for a glass of white wine!!! Buy yourself a bottle from Oddbins at around £4!!!	
Mar 6 2008 	Best Deal of all our hotels for the week	Got this hotel for 3 nights on Priceline at $105 +VAT tax for each night after using the methods I learned on &quot;permutational bidding&quot; on biddingfortravel. On arrival, requested twin beds, non-smoking plus free breakfast. Was given a huge room in the West Wing, 13th floor, had two queen beds, crisp white linens, duvet, all very clean, great large bath with hand-held shower, great bath amenities, huge towels, USA electrical outlet. We did not use anything from the mini-bar and did not use the phone. The only problem with the room was that the sun was very bright and hot on the glass wall in the morning and since our electricity was powered by putting our room key in a wall slot, the room got hot while we were out for the day and it took a long time to cool down in the evening. The breakfast bar was huge with everything you could imagine for breakfast, including a chef standing by for custom egg orders. This hotel is the largest Hilton Hotel in Europe with over 1000 rooms. It is in a Lebanese area of London and we had delicious falafel at &quot;Fatoush&quot; restaurant just a block from the hotel. The Underground station is very near by. We were attending my son's graduation from Oxford University and stayed in three hotels on this trip and this was by far the best and least expensive.	
Feb 29 2008 	not great	I stayed here for a major conference, and for business use the hotel is fine - the facilities are what you would expect, but the standard rooms are unimaginative, and everything is very expensive - coffee in the downstairs cafe £3.50 for a small cup, for example, and room service again is expensive.My main gripe was the lifts - I stayed in the tower section, which is served by three or four lifts, and when the hotel is very busy, these lifts can take literally 20 minutes to come. The stairs are emergency exit ones (metal, cold little corridor) and if you're staying on the 18th floor like me, walking down 18 flights is no joke. One morning, I waited and waited and then suddenly all the lifts stopped - when I rang to enquire what was going on, it was apparently a fire drill test, although no alarm had sounded and no warning given. Can't say the staff are terrible helpful either.Fine, bland, expensive - there are lots of places in London which cost around the £200 mark like this which are way, way better	
Feb 27 2008 	Shoddy room hidden charges and rubbish service.	We stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights to celebrate my 23rd Birthday. We had booked a standard room with breakfast, and dinner included on the 1st night. On arrival, we were offered an upgrade to a Deluxe Room - we were assured this would be a larger and quieter room, as it was to the rear of the hotel, for a &quot;nominal fee&quot; of £30. As it was a special occassion, we agreed.However, when leaving, we were told the fee was £30 per night! Buit as we had already signed to check in (on which none of this information was printed) they wouldn't agree to reduce the cost. When we got to our room we were a bit underwhelmed - the view was of a block of flats, and 3 construction sites! The cabinet the TV was on was scratched and marked, and there was no hotel information in the room i.e. when to check out, the times for breakfast, what numbers to call etc. We had the worst nights sleep ever as the bed was so hard. Then we were woken up by the construction sites at 7am....The window in our room was permanatly tilted open, and there was a sticker on the window saying it was locked and could not be moved. Therefore our room was cold and not comfy at all.On checkout, the staff were confrontational and extremely unhelpful (they said they didn't know of any construction going on around the hotel....?!). The motto &quot;The Customer is Always Right&quot; has obviously never been heard here, and we will definately not return.	
Feb 25 2008 	2nd time here...but never again!! 2 star at best!	I booked this hotel after staying in it once before. Last time i got a really nice room with a floor to ceiling window in the west wing. This time i checked in at 11.30pm. I was asked for my credit card, and i asked what reason he needed it. He said it's to take a deposit incase there is any chrages to my room. I informed him that firstly i do not own a credit card and secondly, a deposit of nearly £800 was taken from the credit card that i made the advanced purchase booking with on the internet. He disagreed with me until I showed him a print out of the booking. I could not believe it!! Finally he could see that a deposit was taken and proceeded to check me in. Obviosuly I had annoyed him because he put me in the worst room in the hotel. I was sent to the tower block room 510, that looks into a wall, had a broken tv, smashed lamp shades, pubic hair in the bathroom , and broken drawer units...just a really worn out room. At 12.30am, i decided to go to reception and complain. The man said I had booked a standard room , and thats what i shoud expect..so i said my tv does not work so he sent an engineer. long story short, engineers came, couldnt fix tv, didnt return, so i rang reception again and demanded new room, at 2 am, they moved me to a new room!! WHAT A JOKE!!!If you want a better service you need to book an executive room, but standard room, expect a standard service!!4 star hilton...more like 2 star motel!! sort it out!	
Feb 23 2008 	Very Busy Hotel	I stayed at the Hilton Metropole for 2 nights on business. I am a Diamond VIP member so was lucky enough to get an upgrade to the Executive floors and lounge. This really made the difference to me.The whole hotel is what I call a 'conference hotel' and was full of people mulling around the main areas, such as the reception area, bars and resturants. Therefore to be able to take yourself to the Executive Lounge and basically cut yourself off from the rest of the hotel made the difference for me.The Executive Lounge was very busy indeed and at breakfast there was not really enough seats to cater for everyone especially at the busy times. Breakfast was a simple buffet and was typical of any other Exec Lounge breakfast at Hilton's. In the evening the drinks and snack were available but again the lounge was very busy, but I guess that's the London Metropole for you.The hotel room was fine but slightly cold but this was better than been too warm. We stayed at this hotel last year and had a room looking over the Edgeware Rd and this was very noisy and made it impossible to get any sleep. This time I had a room over looking the back of the hotel so that was not as noisy.I would stay there again but this would only be if the room rate were better than any of the nearby Hilton's.	
Feb 21 2008 	Try the Executive Club	I've written previously on TripAdvisor about using Priceline - especially the &quot;name your own price&quot; facility, but when it works to your advantage it is unbeatable for prices.Before leaving the US for London at the end of January I made a bid for 5 nights and got this 4* hotel.Hilton Metropole is one of the 'forgotten' hotels of London being a little bit north of the centre but is actually well located for many functions. When I physically looked at the room I decided that while it had a good 14th floor view, it was a little too compact.The friendly desk staff sorted me out very quickly by offering an executive room at an upgrade price of GBP30/ night.As this includes use of the executive club with continental breakfast, drinks etc and use of the business email computers I opted to take it.I was very glad I did because I was then ready for when I had to make a return visit to London a week later and Priceline allocated me the same hotel. I did the same upgrade - this time at GBP10/night - apparently the upgrade charge depends on how much you pay for a standard room. At GBP10 per night I was quite delighted. So thumbs up to Priceline this time.While the club provides sandwiches etc mid afternoon I went across the road to Marks &amp; Spencer who have a range of excellent sandwiches at a reasonable price. Because of alternative dinner plans I did not eat in the hotel restaurants or nearby establishments which have correctly been identified as generally Arabic. Getting around from Metropole is simple - regular visitors to London will find it economical to buy an Oystercard which allows bus and tube travel. Edware Road station underground is one minute away and just a few stops to Barbican and the City. A range of buses passing the front door will take you on to Oxford Street or to Victoria Station. Paddington railway station (15 minutes to Heathrow) is roughly 10 minutes walk and is, thankfully, a flat surface route all the way - important when schlepping a heavy bag.Sadly I didn't have time to use the fine looking 2nd floor pool, also open to executive club members.I have no real complaints about the hotel - except maybe they might upgrade their TV services to more than 5 UK and three continental channels.	
Feb 19 2008 	Not a bad hotel and a good location	Stayed for 2 nights in London.Had a room on the 17th floor so we had a good view of the London Skyline - We even had a little show put on by the neighbours, but thats another story!Room was good - Clean and tidy!Breakfast was fineThe location of the hotel is good - Edgware Road tube station is 2 mins away.The only downside is the parking prices £30 per day. And the hotel is in the congestion charging zone!I've stayed in the Tower Hotel previously and they only charge £14 per day and they are based right next door to the Tower of London.	
Feb 19 2008 	Hotel OK Food not good	Stayed here for a long weekend with family. Hotel is in reasonable condition and pleasant furnishings. Room carpet was starting to show wear. Otherwise OK. We eat in the restaurant on Thursady evening and it was awful. Sent food back. The worst steak I've ever attemted to eat.Hotel is a good 15 - 20 minute walk to Marble Arch but there is a tube station a 2 minute walk away. Not much around the hotel itself. Mainly a lot of Middle Eastern shops and reaturants which were interesting to see the different foods.I don't think I'll be staying here again.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great view and loacation but worn down	Me and my partner stayed in double room in the tower part of the hotel. The view over London was impressive and we loved the location. Edgware Road was a great for a late night waterpipe and tea when walking back to the hotel after a night out dining. However, our room was pretty basic and quite small and worn down, not the standard we expected for a Hilton Hotel. The hotel is huge and felt quite impersonal, even though the staff was very friendly and helpful. We also had some problems with the elevators, we sometimes had to wait for quite some time for an elevator to come. And when your room is on the 19th floor you are not that keen to start walking.	
Feb 18 2008 	Slightly disappointing	Booked a twin executive room here for a 'weekend away' on the strength of the quality of the Glasgow Hilton, but there was no comparison in the quality! The room allocated to us was miniscule, looking into a well with rows of windows opposite and no view whatsoever. I could not understand why these rooms are classed as 'executive' (for which we paid a considerable supplement).After registering our disappointment, the executive lounge manager moved us to a 'deluxe' twin in the West Wing' This had two queen-sized beds and was much bigger with a good view over the city, but although the room was well cleaned, it badly need a refurb. Carpet was hoovered every day but always lookeda bit grotty.Ate in the ground-floor resturant on the first night and found the food very disappointing (compared to the Glasgow Hilton). Breakfasts were fine and all the staff were very helpful and friendly, but the whole place needs a good overhaul. Executive Lounge was comfortable and staff there very friendly but the'afternoon tea' food pretty terrible. Tasteless sandwiches!Would not consider going back to this property until things had improved generally, although as I previously indicated, all the staff were very helpful and kind.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great Again	Stayed here for what must be the 10th time - at least! although large, it is not impersonal. Laszlo (doorman) Harriet (check in) and our chambermaid were great. ( Laszlo is so good at his job I expect he will soon reappear at the Ritz!) Stayed in the West wing in a corner room. A lovely room - east executive rooms were all booked. Would opt for the same room again- many options for breakfast elsewhere. stay here with my 16 yr old daughter. We walk down Edgeware Rd. and it is fine - friendly, interesting, great value and fun, in no way threatening as some reviewers suggest. One no no - don't go near the mini bar!!! The area is fine, the transport options many.	
Feb 16 2008 	Everything you could want	I stayed with my husband, daughter of 16, and parents at the London Metropole for two nights to celebrate my parents golden wedding anniversary. We really wanted this to be a lovely weekend, and the Hotel did not let us down at all. The two de-luxe rooms had two queen size beds in, and as we were on the 10th floor we had wonderful views over London. The rooms are spacious, modern and very clean with all the extras. This is a very large hotel but is so well organised. Our evening meal in the restaurant was excellent, and the staff were very attentive. Breakfast is so incredibly organised and we were taken to a table immediately. The choice of food is fantastic with no waiting for anything and no shortages. Drinks in the hotel are pretty expensive but you expect this anyway from a London hotel. The hotel is very large but there are plenty of very comfortable bar and seating areas. In a very central area close to tube station, would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 9 2008 	Distinctly average overall. Not one to return to.	I'm afraid I can't write a lot about this hotel, and certainly nothing that would be considered praiseworthy.My room was ready on arrival, and it was a &quot;deluxe&quot; room on the West Wing. The only &quot;deluxe&quot; aspect about it was the length of the room. From door to window was one long trek. Facilities, however, were far from deluxe. The bed was underwhelming, the bathroom surprisingly small, the shower nothing spectacular and the TV channels ridiculously limited. The non &quot;deluxe&quot; view of the building site outside didn't help, especially with the 8 a.m. wake up call from it's machinery.Housekeeping were quite under-par also. I had to complain twice to the &quot;Magic Customer Service&quot; team due to waste bins not being emptied, and toilet roll supply being replenished - small things, but let's face it, not one something expects to have to contact Housekeeping about - it's two very basic aspects of their job. Floor cleaning in the bathroom appeared to be a little cursory to say the least also.Good points? Well, proximity to Paddington and central London is one. Transport links from both Edgware Road stations are good with plentiful bus and underground choices. The Marks and Spencers across the road is useful for food, as are other local stores. Nearby dining options were also plentiful.However, I can't come up with anything outstandingly good about the Hilton London Metropole to finish off with. It wasn't horrendously terrible in any sense, but I certainly would not be in any hurry to return, and I definitely would not pay the full rate for it either. It's so bland and mediocre, that unless you get it at a discount, I'd recommend you keep looking. The entire hotel is the building equivelant of a shrug. When you look at what a good Hilton can do (see my review of the Hilton Amsterdam) they can be excellent. Perhaps this one is doomed to be damned by the fact that the best one can say of it is that they didn't hate it.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good rate liked the location lots of glitches	I've stayed here twice now, most recently for 8 nights for $110 plus tax by bidding Priceline for a 4* in Regent's Park. It's a very large busy convention hotel so I think the long stay drove the rate up a bit. I always check Bidding For Travel before bidding on Priceline.Perhaps not an ideal location for the 1st time visitor but for someone like me who has been to London many times, doing several daytrips from Paddington, the location was great, very close to both Edgware Road tube stations, within walking distance of Paddington Station. You should be able to see the highrise Hilton from either tube station, one serves the Bakerloo line, the other serves the Central, District and Hammersmith lines. You can also catch buses along Edgware Road.Suzan's Cafe where I had breakfast on my June 2007 visit was closed but there are several other places along Praed Street that serve full English breakfast. If you are looking for lunch or dinner, Edgware Road is lined with middle Eastern/Lebanese restaurants plus near Paddington Station I found two good kebab shops, Lolita and Flames. There's a Marks &amp; Spencer within a block which has a food hall and also a Sommerfield grocery store a few blocks south of the hotel on Edgware Road plus a Woolworth's. Room-I thought the bed was a little uncomfortable for a 4* hotel, the mattress was on top of a wood frame in both the double and twin rooms. The twin double room was small but not claustrophic. There was a minibar, tea service, in room safe, TV with very limited channels. You have to pay extra if you want a refrigerator.Bathroom-good water pressure and plenty of hot water in the shower, full range of toiletries including shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, soap and lotion. Decent towels, hair dryer.We had quite a few service glitches in January 2008-our safe was locked and we couldn't use it, no matter what we tried we couldn't clear the blinking message light on the phone, the door key had to be reset three times and the elevators would occasionally reset themselves and start going the opposite direction. We called service 4 or 5 times to get the safe and phone reset with no results, not something I'd expect to have to do at a Hilton.Overall, it was OK with the Priceline rate but no way would I pay full price for this Hilton, it is not up to Hilton standards.	
Feb 4 2008 	Good Location Great Price!	I just realized that I never submitted my review for this hotel. I stayed here last September for four nights and booked it through Priceline at the unbelievable rate of $80 per night. The hotel is conveniently located just a 5 - 10 minute walk from Paddington Station (which was convenient after taking the Heathrow Express), and across the street from the Edgeware Road station.We arrived early and although our room was not yet available the courteous staff offered to store our bags for us so that we could travel unencumbered.Our room was a triple on the 19th floor. (I'd called the Metropole after making the booking to request a twin as opposed to a double and they assigned me the triple). A very large room compared to other hotel rooms I've experienced in London. The room was very clean and the decor business-like (grays and taupes) but pleasant enough. There was a mini-bar that they unfortunately charge £20 to empty, so we chose not to make use of it as a fridge.My only remark is that being on the 19th floor, in the morning it could take quite some time for the elevator to make it all the way down to the lobby. This hotel is busy!The booking did not come with a breakfast and at a staggering £18.95 pp for the English breakfast, we opted to eat elsewhere. There are an abundance of small cafes in the area to choose from so this was not a problem.Overall the hotel is clean and what I would generally expect from a Hilton. It is not &quot;charming&quot; but when booked through Priceline certainly a great value. I would stay here again.	
Feb 3 2008	Good Price 	Below average if compared to Hiltons outside the U.S. but above average if compared to Hiltons in the U.S..However, this hotel was priced lowest among the 15 or so Hiltons in the London area. The location is not bad. The Edgware Road tube stattion is across the street; the bus stop is outside the hotel. It is also a 10 minute walk to Marble Arch/Hyde Park. Rooms are what you expect (include safe, iron, dryer) but not too many channels on TV. As a HHonors Diamond member, we were able to use the lounge on the second floor that serves a below average breakfast but has two computers with free internet access.I was a little upset about the fact they gave us a room that faced the indoor pool (which is not bad) even though I requested a room with a view. But I reckon some rooms on the outside have a great view of London. It is a really large hotel so it can be a little impersonal.	
Feb 3 2008 	Very nice hotel	We stayed here for a short break in London, and were very pleased. The staff were really helpful, the food was delicious and the location is superb - directly located just a minute's walk from the tube. We were able to walk down Edgware Road to Hyde Park in just 10 to 15 mins - so Oxford Street is within walking distance too.We used the pool and steam room too - we were surprised to have it to ourselves for such a big hotel. It's a nice size pool.We ate in the Fiamma Restaurant, the Lounge Bar and our stay included the buffet breakfast - the food is, as expected - really nice.This is a lovely hotel - well worth a visit.	
Jan 31 2008 	Great rate good hotel no problems whatsoever	Had a great stay at the Hilton Metropole London from 1/18 -1/23. We got a rate on Priceline for $135.00 a night. We arrived after an overnight flight at 10:00am and were thrilled to breeze though check-in and be given a room immediately!! It was non-smoking (as requested) with an absolutely stunning view of London. It was in the older section of the hotel (Tower) but we found the room to be well-equipped with everything we needed. Bed was fine. Bathroom roomy. The room itself is a tad smaller than a Hilton in the USA might be, but overall no complaints. Most importantly, the room was very quiet! We never heard a sound from other rooms or the hallway. The best thing was that the rate included breakfast daily! We were not expecting this, as we booked through Priceline. It was a welcome surprise. Breakfast was quite nice, actually. A buffet of both hot and cold options, plus made to order eggs. Lots of options for vegetarians too, which pleased my girlfriend. Coffee was bit weak, but other than that no complaints. A free newspaper was made available daily, which was nice. The breakfast room gets a bit crowded but we never had to wait for a table.Despite our best intentions, we never actually made it to the gym or pool, though we did pop our heads in and it looked up to par.The lobby bar is nice and large - we only had one late nightcap in here. A bit expensive truthfully - you're better off going to one of the nearby pubs, such as the Chapel, the Great Western or the Royal Exchange. Cheaper and more interesting by far. Overall, the hotel has a very nice feel to it. Quite modern, all the staff is friendly, concierge helpful with any questions you may have. The area is slightly off-the-beaten-path but not terribly so. You're a 7 minute brisk walk to Marble Arch, Hyde Park, Oxford Street, and Baker Street. Two tube lines are within 2-3 minutes walk (check which line you need b/c there are actually two separate stations which do not connect internally.) The Food City market across the street has convenience foods, beer, wine, snacks and drinks, as well as internet for 1 pound per hour - don't pay the hotel's internet rates! Also, if you like ethnic food, you'll find a lot of tasty middle eastern cuisine in this area. We came across a very delicious Lebanese place, though the names escapes me. It was about halfway down Edgware Rd towards Marble Arch on the right (if you are facing marble arch). We would definitely stay here again, particularly if we get another great rate.	
Jan 27 2008 	No problems for a BIG hotel !!!	My husband and I spent one night last night (26th Jan) at this hotel. We were attending a function there so room rates I cannot help you with because ours was all prepaid (very nice).It is a BIG hotel, not my choice if I was paying but we were happy and impressed with all aspects of the 24 hours there.Brilliant location right on the Edgware Road. Our room was on the 16th floor in the Tower Wing and we had a lovely view acroos London, especially to see the London Eye all lit up at night was great. Could spend ages just gazing out the window and watching the world go by on the street below!The room was clean, ok size (small double bed) but a bit worn in places. Bathroom was fine, clean again and plenty of hot water.Mini bar in room was horrendously priced. £2.95 for a can of sprite, and as soon as you remove something it is billed automatically to your account....so beware.There is a M&amp;S opposite so suggest you could stock up on goodies from there and pay a lot less.Very busy, lots of staff to help and everyone we came across was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was served in the restaurant downstairs and was a big buffet. Great choice of full english cooked, cereals, continental choice, fresh fruit and pastries etc. It was well organised for a very busy place.There is a small car park located underneath the hotel, £30 for 24 hrs though at weekends is only £15 for 24 hrs which for London is vey good.Nippon Tuk is an Asia restaurant located on 23rd floor with stunning views over the City. Menu looked nice and reasonably priced. Set menu was £33 per head.health club located in the East wing which again was fine for what you need.Good 24 hours away, and I would stay there again	
Jan 25 2008 	Safe choice but memorable no!	Hey, it's a Hilton, right? You know what you're going to get. Large, busy, impersonal but clean, modern and with all the amenities.I'll be honest, we booked because for London the rate was pretty good. We don't normally &quot;do&quot; these sort of hotels if we can avoid it but it was a safe choice.We dined in their main restaurant on one of the evenings which was decidedly average and included a self service starter and dessert! Breakfasts were buffet and served in the same room. They were incredibly busy for breakfast. There is an Asian fusion restaurant as well on a high floor but we didn't see it.There are two bars which are ok enough but hardly cosy. Service from all the staff we mixed with was absolutely fine.Our guest room was large and climate controlled but the bathroom was a little disappointing.To sum up - we didn't really like it, but in hindsight we weren't likely to so if you're usually ok with large branded hotels this will be just fine and decent value.	
Jan 24 2008 	Good stay over Christmas	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights after winning a bid on priceline.com for $100/night over Christmas. We were very happy with the hotel for the price we paid. The room was very large by London standards, and was comparable to the size of a North American hotel. Although some of the detailing in the room was not quite 4 star (the housekeepers often forgot to supply certain items), the hotel itself was immaculate and very large. We did not take advantage of the pool, although discovered after that there was one on the premises. The TV selection was also not the greatest (just the basic BBC channels with a few non-English European channels), which was disappointing because we were there for 6 nights. However, we did not spend a great deal of time in the hotel as there were so many other things to do! The location is very central -- right in the &quot;Lebanese&quot; quarter near Edgware Station. This proved to very convenient over Christmas as many restaurants and convenience stores were open late! If you're looking for some cheap snacks, try the Somerfields down the street. There's also a Marks and Spencers right across the road. Our view from the hotel room (16th floor) was great and it was very quiet. Great stay overall!	
Jan 23 2008 	Great stay	We stayed for 2 nights to celebrate my brother-in-law's 30th birthday, we booked 3 double rooms directly with the hotels web site and our package included dinner on the first night of our stay. My sister emailed the hotel, to see if it would be possible to arrange something special for her husbands birthday and they advised they would up grade the room and sort out a cake with our meal in the evening. To our surprise they upgraded all 3 rooms not just the birthday boys!! They decorated the table for the evening meal and brought out a cake at the end of our meal as promised. Our room was very comfortable, with two king size beds and great views. The room included a safe, mini bar (very expensive!) and a good selection of toiletries.The service we received from all staff in the hotel was top class, we have stayed in several london hotels over the year and this was by far the best for a friendly service.The swimming pool, steam room and sauna were a good way to spend a hour or so relaxing at the end of a busy day.This hotel is in a great location, with excellent access to Edgeware road tube station. Very handy if you are arriving by train in Paddington. We would use this hotel again without hesitation and would highly recommend.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed in the Metropole on Jan 18th for 2 nights. It was my 30th birthday so we planned a weekend in London. My wife had e-mailed the hotel (without me knowing!), to see if they could make the weekend special. We checked in, there were 6 of us, my wife and I, my sister and her fiance and my wifes sister and her husband. Katarina, the relations manager, had arranged for us to be upgraded to a delux plus room on the 13th floor with a lovely view over London.On the Friday night, we had our evening meal included in the price and after our meal, the staff had arranged to bring out a birthday cake for me and they all sang Happy Birthday to me!The only down side of the hotel is that the drink prices are expensive. When ordering drinks, you still have to pay a 10% service charge! A bottle of house white wine works out to be just under £25!!The swimming pool, sauna and steam room are nice to relax in after a hectic day walking around the city.The Edgware Road underground station is ideally situated which is nice.Overall we had a lovely weekend and the hotel made it good for us also. We would recommend the Metropole and would use it again for the price we paid.	
Jan 20 2008 	great location	My wife &amp; I came here for the weekend for our anniversary, we had a room on the 11th floor which gave a great view of london. the tube station is perfectly placed directly opposite hotel but you can walk up to the top end of oxford street in 15 minutes. We found the hotel perfect for our stay, the swimming pool steam room sauna were excellent. The bar on top floor has fantastic view but as in all hotels the drinks are extortionate. All in all I would go back again and would recommend to anyone	
Jan 15 2008	Wonderful Service	This past month I spent a week in London all the way from Nebraska, in the middle of the US. And I must say, it was a nice stay. The service was nice, especially when I lost my card keys more than once, and the cleaning was wonderful. They made my bed, folded any clothes I had on the ground, ect. The room was a bit smaller than I'm used to, but I was told that was normal for a European hotel. Either way, I loved our room and the decor was very nice. Having a big closet was a plus, and the shower head had the best water pressure I've ever seen in a shower. Our view was less than desireable (Oh look, a wall!) but otherwise my stay was wonderful and I enjoyed London.	
Jan 10 2008 	Very nice hotel	My husband and I stayed at this Hilton while he was on business in London and I came along for the enjoyment. It's very different in Europe, we found out, regarding how many people stay in the room. In the US, you book a room for a dollar amount and you stay, or you bring your wife, or whatever, the rate is the same. Not so here. Once they found out I was coming along, they said the hotel rate was per person, not per room, and after asking a few other collegues here in the US, we found out this was true (what difference it makes, I don't know.)We arrived around noon and were very impressed with the lobby. Very large, bustling, nice, a large check-in area and 2 or 3 people working the concierge station (although twice when I had a question, I stood there like the invisible man in front of them without anyone looking up or acknowledging me. I finally just said &quot;I have a question!&quot; to no one in particular to get their attention). They didn't have a king bed ready but would in about an hour, so after showing our Hilton Honors card, we went up into the executive lounge to wait.The loung is very nice. They had a small fridge with free waters, beer and juices. They also had some cookies laid out on the counter. Two computers were available with free internet, lots of cozy tables to sit. The best time is 6pm til 10pm. They don't allow any kids, and they have a nightly happy hour with free wines, champagne and every kind of cocktail - you just pour it yourself - plus lots of hor d'oerves - mini pizzas, quiches, chicken tenders, nuts, chips, desserts, very very filling and nice.The room was really nice, large enough to walk around without bumping into each other - it was extremely quiet except when the police sirens on the busy Edgeware road would go by - but ok any other time.It's right across the street from a Marks &amp; Spencer - didn't know what that was - went inside, best I can describe it is like a small JC Penney's (mens and women's clothes, some shoes, jewelry, etc) the the Penney's becomes a grocery store in the back! So it's definately convenient for a sandwich or fruits or anything you might want to snack on in your room.Then behind the M &amp; S is the Tube - Edgeward Road station - EXTREMELY EASY TO USE! I really loved the underground station - I just bought a 3 day pass and hopped on and off all day going from tourist destination to tourist destination. It was clean, easy, fantastic! Too bad Dallas doesn't have something like that.All in all, the hotel was great - easy access to the Tube, decent neighborhood, nice bar area - would absolutely stay there again.	
Jan 6 2008 	Some Problems	This was our exhausting first day at the Hilton:We checked in at around 1pm and found that our booking wasn't on the Hotel Computer System. We were told that because it wasn't on the system, our rooms weren't ready until 3pm. We came back to the Hotel at 5pm and collected our keys, went upstairs, and found that one of our two rooms hadn't been cleaned. After complaining downstairs we were informed that a cleaner would come up and tidy the room for us. An hour later, the room had been done. But when we tried to open the door with our keys, the keys would't work. When we complained again to the receptionist, we mentioned the uncleaned room to her. Without apologising, she said: &quot;Oh yes, I remember, that was a mistake.&quot; Then she fixed our keys, andwe took the lift upstairs.The keys didn't work. So again, I went back downstairs, this time going to the manager. He fixed our keys no problem.Apart from that, the Hotel was excellent. Rooms were clean, and it wasgood value for money. And the staff were generally friendly. The swimming pool was enjoyable, they had nice cocktails in the sports bar, and the breakfast was included.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good hotel and a good price	We spent 10 days at this hotel and got a really great price. The hotel was very clean. Our room was extremely small and had trouble with luggage, and us all fitting...lol.... The hotel was bustling in the lobby. All kinds of school groups, etc arriving continually. The hotel was conveniently located to the bus routes. There were stores, and restaurants walking distance. The general area of the hotel seemed slightly run down to me, but the hotel itself was very well kept. The view from our window only showed a roof top and another section of the hotel. We found a wonderful restaurant on the top floor, with wonderful food, and great view. The service at both the hotel and the restaurant were very good.	
Dec 30 2007 	Perfect location	Got a decent rate with Priceline. I thought flashing my Hilton Honors card might get me an upgrade as others have, but the lady at the desk was being difficult, offering me an upgrade for 50 quid a night. I declined.As a smoker, i was sent to the darkest, most depressing hotel room ever, on the 3rd floor. My view was into an empty office area and a rusty roof below. I spoke to the manager and was shown to a beautiful room on the 23rd floor with massive windows overlooking north and east London (pics attached). The view was worth the price alone. I never used any of the hotel amenities although staff were very helpful, telling me where the nearest laundrette was (i didn't feel like paying 75 pounds to have the hotel do my laundry.) By the way, the laundrette is quite close.Maid service was very good. The room was a little tired but in overall in good condition and large enough for me to be comfortable for 7 days. Great water pressure and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn La Source toiletries which i loved so much that i bought some when i got home. The bed was large and very comfortable. The only things i didn't like were the 2am fire alarm bell, which nearly gave me a heart attack, and the fact there were only 4 english tv stations (plus Sky news). Not a good thing when you're up half the night dealing with jet lag.The area is called Little Lebanon and i loved it. Transportation was unbeatable with the circle, district, hammersmith and bakerloo lines only a minute or two walk from the hotel (Bakerloo line is just down the Edgware Road). What i especially liked was that it was a relatively quiet area tourist-wise. There were no throngs like i found in the West End, Soho and Piccadilly Circus areas. I always felt safe as a female travelling alone. Then again, Europe is much safer than the US.Marks &amp; Spencer is across the road and has a great prepared foods area. I got entire meals for less than 5 quid, compared to the 15 quid i paid just for a sandwich at the hotel. Directly across from the hotel is a small grocery with an internet cafe. The owner was extremely rude (although his female counterpart was quite pleasant) so i went to the internet cafe just down the Edgware Road, where they were very friendly. If you go there, be sure to stop at the coffee place you pass by first; they have great coffee at reasonable prices. I avoid Starbucks and the like when i'm in Europe. I have enough of that at home. Suzy's Cafe is a great breakfast joint just a few blocks from the hotel.A walk i must recommend is the one at Camden Town. From the lock, you can walk the canal almost the entire way back to the hotel and a superbly beautiful walk it is. Walking past the London Zoo, we saw warthogs and zebras from the canal. Very surreal. And the palatial estates are drool-worthy. But be sure to take a map with you to find your way back. It was my favorite walk.If you're staying more than a few days, be sure to get an Oyster card. They're easy to top up (cash or credit card) and a breeze to use. No standing in massive ticket lines. Paddington is a short walk if you don't have a lot of luggage. King's Cross/Euston/St. Pancras are a short tube ride if you're taking a train (as i did, from King's X to Peterborough upon arriving in the UK). One thing i must mention is that if you have trouble walking, do NOT bring much luggage as you are constantly walking stairs on public transporation (and, it seemed, always up, not down). I would stay at the Metropole again in a heartbeat (on a high floor) but they didn't accept my offer this time so i'll be staying at the HI Kensington Forum. It will be interesting to see how they compare.	
Dec 24 2007	Cold meeting rooms	I attended a 4 day meeting in Hilton London Metropole hotel. Our meeting rooms were very cold - some of us were sitting there wearing coats all the time. It seemed the meeting rooms did not have heating as even compaints to the hotel people did not help.	
Dec 23 2007 	good hotel	London being an expensive city, I was happy to get this for $80 a nite. I liked the location. It was near the tube, Paddington train station is a five minute walk, the night bus stops right by the hotel and I got my neices something from the Marks and Spencer across the street.Although it's by a motorway (freeway), I didn't hear any street noises and the room was nicely styled. No complaints.	
Dec 19 2007 	good for families	Stayed here for a theatre break with two kids 10/11. Queen Delux room was a good size with 2 full size double beds. This makes a change from many so called family rooms. Views from the rooftop bar are stunning at night. Convenient for West End, opposite tube station. Able to reach by car without entering Congestion Charge Zone. Parking 30£/night or 15 at weekends. On the bad side, CHAOTIC catering for breakfast, Fiamma Restaurant just too small for 1000+ bedrooms, get there early. Evening meal only average. Overcharged by £60 on checkout, took 1 hour to sort out. Deal on Hilton website worked out at c.150/night DBB which I thought for the facilities, was good value. Would stay again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Nice Hotel - Good Location	Booked via Hotwire at a great rate of $109 per night.Check in was reasonably quick; and a room was available for me at 10am in the morning. Reception staff were very friendly. I did notice that reception did get busy a lot of the time, so some waiting around might be required it you arrive during peak times.Had a standard room which was bright, clean and very comfortable. 6ft Bed, TV and well stocked mini bar amongst the facilities.Bathroom was quite small, however it was well equiped with everything you might need.The hotel boasts a LivingWell leisure club which is free to use for guests. It has a swimming pool, steam room, sauna and gym. Used those facilites once during my stay; everything was clean and well maintainted.Location wise, this hotel in about 2 minutes walk to Edgeware Road tube station or about 10 minutes walk to Paddington (for Heathrow Express and main line trains) and about 15 minutes to Marble Arch. Edgeware road is busy 24 hrs a day so you can feel perfectly safe walking between the hotel marble arch/oxford street etc day or night.Didnt dine in-house, but enjoyed a couple of drinks at one of the two bars. Again, staff were very friendly and helpful - much more so than I have generally experienced with London hotels.Definately great value for money in a good location.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great base for touring London	This was a clean, modern hotel, with good staff. It is directly across from a tube station and very handy for getting into tourist London. It is walking distance from Paddington Station of you are flying in to Heathrow and handy for other train stations in the area, as well. Overall, it was a tad pricey (but it is London) but well worth it. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Comparable to a nicer USA Hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Dont buy at the Bar or be tempted by ANYTHING in mini Bar!!!!!!	This hotel is fairly Central for most areas with use of the tube just over the road,or if youre brave enough to hop on a bus going down the Edgware Road [a taxi will probably cost an arm and a leg going down this road as its constantly congested] But a walk will take you a good 15 minutes down to Marble Arch and then you have to negotiate the entire length of Oxford Street which is no mean fete to a woman in heels!! Only stay here with a car on weekends as its a discounted £15 [ over and above 24 hours will cost you extra] but its normal extortionate costs apply during the week..beware.Our room wasn't ready until 3pm which was a damn pain as we think this is just a ploy for you to arrive early [as you do] and spend copious amounts in their new 'Sports' bar-which is nice but we'll come to that in a minute.......The room was a little on the small size compared to what we've been generally used to in other 4 stars but it wasnt bad and had a great view over central London.The question is- what do you do when youve gone to your room for 3, due to go out in the evening with a few hours to kill?- well you can watch T.V at Home cant you?- in the room?- No- we went to the 'Sports Bar' [ a telly on every wall...yippeee]Prices here left me speechless........a J2O was £3 and a half lager £2.45 [ the 'shot' of lime in it 50p!!!!! ]wait for this.....Small yes small Glass of 11% house White £5.95!!!!!! can get a bottle in Tescos for that!!!!!! [ the bottle costing £23.95 in the hotel].....phew....wont do that again.Evening over....tempted by a late night choccy bar back at hotel room?........DONT!!!!! DONT EVEN MOVE THAT LITTLE SUCKER!!!! .....£2.50 for a Kit kat.[ electronically placed to stop wandering hands]All jokes aside I must say that the Staff at this hotel were the most Polite helpful people being paid a modest wage Ive ever come across in a hospitality venue and were very quick to make sure we had a pleasant stay- couldnt fault them [when I could understand them]Would stay again...but under no circumstances would I divulge in a vino drinking contest thats for sure.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great location base	Recently stayed at the hilton metropole with a large group of friends.The hotel was very nice clean and staff friendly.Breakfast was a little busy and i would advise you use the 3rd floor king suite for your breakfast as this has a bigger dining room than the ground floor restaurant.The rooms are very nice with plenty of room, i had a room on the fourteenth floor in the tower block and it looked over the houses of parliment and the london eye.The in house catering can be expensive but their are lots of alternatives in the surrounding area.Their is also a large selection of public houses.The tube staion is situated opposite the hotel therefore an ideal link to centre of london.Overall myself and my group were happy with the hotel and will hopefully return next december for our theatre weekend.	
Nov 27 2007 	No problems	We spent five nights at this hotel in July. We are a family with three kids all under 12.The entrance to the hotel is really nice and has a buzz about it. This place is really busy so check in did take a bit longer than I would have liked. In fairness it was the Tour de France weekend and was probably even busier than usual.I called the hotel from home and got a fantastic rate (by London standards) including breakfast, in fact on checking out the cashier told us that we would have paid triple on a rack rate. Only catch was that I had to pay in full 4 months before arrival.We had booked two interleading rooms, a double and a second double with a rollout bed. On arrival they had only booked us two rooms with no capacity for an extra bed. This was quickly rectified and we were given two rooms in the newer (and they assured us more desireable wing). These rooms were great and had a lovely view. The beds were comfortable and the rooms clean. One of the rooms had a problem with the aircon which was rectified pretty quickly.We found the staff to be really friendly and helpful. The breakfasts are very varied and of a high quality, there is often a wait to be seated though, this obviously is more of a problem with small kids. Our rate also included dinner on arrival which while not being an epicurion delight was decent eneough.I must say the location is not terrible, sure it is not exactly prime, but the location of the tube stations across the road are in fact far more important than anything else in London (in my opinion).This is a large hotel (over a thousand rooms) so really problems are likely, but if this hotel is to be judged on how quickly problems are rectified then it scores extremely highly.All in all we would definately return.	
Nov 20 2007 	Nondescript - but centrally located	I stayed at the Hilton Metropole recently on a business trip. I wanted to be near the Marble Arch. This hotel is across the street from the Edgware Rd. tube station on the Bakerloo line. This makes it very convenient. The hotel lobby is fairly small and always crowded. The check in and check out takes a bit of time --- it is a popular place. The room size is OK -- actually a bit large by London standards. Prices are a bit outrageous in London, and this place is no different. Overall, the hotel is a bit non-descript.Some reviewers said that the neighborhood was not too nice -- but I did not think so. The neighborhood is 'middle eastern' with lots of Lebanese and Moroccan restaurants. The bakeries nearby are great. I returned to the hotel many nights quite late -- and there was nothing threatening at all about the neighborhood.	
Nov 19 2007 	Recommend Despite Bad Staff	Overall, I recommend the hotel despite bad staff. I stayed 6 nights in November 2007 at the London Metropole for a business trip. I got a pretty good rate and stayed in one of the Club rooms, which had a separate shower and bath, and access to the Club lounge, which served free breakfast and evening snacks. If the price works right, I recommend the Club since the room is supposedly nicer and the lounge privileges were most convenient and money-saving. The hotel is in a pretty good location, and the room was clean and comfortable. My main complaint is with the staff. Except for a mgr here are there the staff is not terribly competent and is incredibly ignorant. There is always a long wait at the front desk due to insufficient staff there, the concierges are the worst I've seen--they know absolutely nothing about London. None were Londoners, which is OK, but I would expect Hilton would train them on facts about the city. They essentially just gave out maps. Also, some staff were outright lazy, always telling you what they couldn't do instead of what they would try to do for you. Finally, the phone operators were generally bad, tho they seemed to get better over my stay. I called one 3 times in one day checking if my wife called and left a msg; the operator said there was no msg when there was one, which meant I missed my wife at a certain location and it ruined our day. When I complained one mgr did take it to heart, left a bottle of wine in our room and did explore what happened. That mgr was the exception, however, because when I complained to another mgr about another issue he said and did nothing. Really shocking for a Hilton. Overall, for a decent rate, I'd stay there again because of the room and lounge and location, but expect nothing from the staff and you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 19 2007	Walk from Heathrow Express	Stayed at Hilton Metropole for the first night of the trip (Oct. 2007). Got a Priceline win of $82. With taxes, I believe it was around $105 total. Free baggage check was handy. I noticed they didn’t ask for any ID or proof that I was a hotel guest. At pickup, I was given the wrong bag. I have a Hilton Honors membership but didn’t have my card. The desk staff were all nice and tried to get me a room on a higher floor. When I was handed the keycard, the room on the 13th level was crossed out and a 3rd floor room was written in. It was just one night (and at a bargain price), so graciously accepted. Was surprised to find a triple room as I thought these were like gold. Why would they waste it as a single?? The connecting door became a problem as the man next door had the tv up really loud and tried to talk over it on his mobile. Even earplugs could not drown out his booming voice. Overall, the room seemed like it hadn’t been refreshed in awhile. Dust lay about, there was grime in the fridge, and several stains on 2 of the duvets. Drapes had to be kept drawn as the motorway was right outside. The tub was somewhat treacherous, but there were plenty of bars to hang onto. The sides sloped up in an odd way, making it too narrow to stand comfortably in the shower. A leak ran down the side of the showerhead causing much of the bathroom to get soaked. Plenty of towels and Crabtree “La Source” toiletries. Fine for one night, but if staying longer, would’ve asked for a room change. Loved the excitement of the lobby and public areas. Ideal for people-watching while having a coffee. The walk from Heathrow Express cannot be beat! Would use again simply for location alone.	
Nov 16 2007 	Great Stay!	Well, let's begin with what I did not like about the Hilton London Metropole.....Now, let's discuss what I did like!LOCATION...I loved it! A one block walk to two different tube stations (Edgware Road) that allowed me to get anywhere with minimum problems. Neighborhood was diverse, ethnic and enjoyable. I never felt unsafe regardless of time of day. A great Lebanese restaurant close by (Fatoush) with wonderful food, great service and very affordable!HOTEL...Very large! Wonderful staff from check-in/out to housekeeping. Great gift shop and spacious lounge and reception areas. Check-in was a snap. No problems at all!ROOM...I was in the west wing in room 1292. Huge room with great view. Perhaps the largest room I've ever stayed in while visiting London. Bed was perfect and the bathroom was spotless and well stocked with toiletries.MISC...Again, Fatoush is the place to enjoy a wonderful meal. Be sure to go to the restaurant rather than the sandwich place on the corner with the same name. The restaurant is about 5 doors down from the corner...same owners but nicer atmosphere. The hommos, tabbouleh and kibbe were the best I've ever had! Also, check out Easy Tech a bit further down Edgware Road. Phone calls to the States for 15 pence a minute and internet access for 1 pound an hour!!! Last, there's a Starbucks about a half block from the hotel and it was great!	
Nov 14 2007 	Huge hotel; Convenient Location	We stayed here whilst visiting the museums in London. Speedy check in. Stayed in the new wing which was very nice. Large family room which was clean and spacious. Best thing was it let us sleep 2 adults and 3 kids (one roll away bed). Not many hotels that you can get 5 people into one room. Tube station directly across the road. Delightful Leabanese/Arabic restaurants and take aways throughout the area. Bus outside will take you to Oxford St in just a few minutes. Got an Oyster travel card which is a must if you are taking public transport. Breakfast and Dinner were included in the package. Breakfast is fantastic. Huge array of foods, although service to sit down takes a while. Dinner was pathetic. Didnt help my opinion when we had to wait 35 minutes for a table with 3 tired, nagging kids. We left dinner and ate out. Very helpful concierge, although they can get busy. We would definitely stay here again for a short break.	
Nov 9 2007 	is this big hotel just too big???	When they tell you this hotel is the biggest in the UK they are not wrong.Lets start with the good points, it is at the top of the Edgware road where it meets the A40 Westway so location is brilliant, a 10 minute walk (if that) to Marble Arch down a very ethnic road. We had an 11th floor room and it has massive picture windows looking out over North London which is good. Also we booked direct on the hotel website so had a 1 night dinner, 2 breakfasts deal which was ok'ish...Also the pictures on the website are not pictures of the actual rooms you end up with, we booked a family room (for 3 adults and a child) and got a Queen Deluxe Plus - ok but smaller than we thought we'd booked.Now the bad points;- The hotel is massive so be prepared for a queue for most things, reception, dinner, and breakfast BUT most annoyingly of all is the pool where we needed to book a time to swim. - Then when we checked out the speedy check out didn't work and the car park ticket machine wanted to take twice as much as it should have in fees, all seemingly ruining an above average stay and not what was expected of a 4* hotel.In summary I think this hotel is a classic example of when big is just too big....	
Nov 8 2007 	Excellent price	I've now been to the Hilton Metropole three times and enjoyed every visit. The price is reasonable, particularly for two. The location is OK; Marble Arch and Oxford Street are ten minutes walk away. The hotel is large and comfortable and has excellent facilities (free - for me at least with my BT Broadband deal - BT Openzone wireless in the lounge!).The normal rooms are OK but a bit small. The Executive rooms are excellent, and in my opinion being on the Executive floor is well worth the extra. Also the facilities in the &quot;normal&quot; rooms aren't as good (e.g. the toiletries are a bit mean).The &quot;ordinary&quot; restaurant, the Flammia, is very good. I've had lunch there a couple of times and it has been consistently excellent. My only gripe is that a glass of wine is over-priced, even for London hotels. Breakfast is good and reasonably priced for London (and free on the Executive floor). The bar is good (but expensive).My main complaint might seem a minor one, but it's one of my things: there was no robe in the &quot;ordinary&quot; room, and while the Executive room at least had a robe, they had no slippers. (&quot;Temporarily out of stock&quot; - although they always seem out of stock.) At this price surely they could throw in slippers and robes for everybody? The queue for checkin and checkout is also a bit slower than I consider reasonable. They're always just one member of staff short.	
Nov 7 2007 	Good for big guys	We had a one night stay in mid-Sept. A week earlier we spent 4 nights at another hotel in London. However, we wanted a place close to Paddington Station so as to get the Heathrow Express without an expensive cab ride. That was a mistake, but the hotel wasn't. Our first hotel in London was one that is hightly rated on the Trip Advisor website. It was very nice, but typcially small room. My husband is a good-size guy and he was feeling quite cramped., but assumed this was normal. On arriving at the Metropole, we were able to check in early and given a room in the West Wing. We had booked a deluxe 2x2 queen room without breakfast. My husband LOVED the size of the room. He was able to turn around and spread out. The room had all the ammenities, although I did have to search the drawers to find the hair dryer.We did not eat at the hotel, but there seemed to be lots of choices and they have a lovely gift shop with reasonably -priced souveniers. There are great tube stops nearby and the neighbor hood is very ethnic. Our only negative experience was the bellman trying to convince that we didn't need a taxi to get to Paddington Station - not! He was just concerned that the taxi driver would be upset because it is a short ride, but it is too long to walk with luggage!	
Nov 5 2007 	Free beer in the Exec Lounge!!	We booked through a travel agent, who got us a good deal, and managed to upgrade us to the exec lounge area for about twenty quid extra. Room was fairly small and average, but ok for two of us and expected for the city. Location was excellent, near tube and bus networks, and parking on site was the cheapest we found in london at 15 quid for 24hours at the weekend.The view from the room let it down, as we had to climb on chairs to look out of the windows, and when we did, we overlooked the pool area. Bit disconcerting in this day and age, that the glass lifts also overlook the pool area but this did not put us off!The room also smelt faintly of smoke when we first arrived, but we left the air con on, as the windows did not open, and this helped.The exec lounge was lovely, with nice views, and the beer here is free until 9.30 in the evening... we didnt find this out til 9.45pm, hence our disapointment! Ha! Breakfast served in here was nice, however it was self service breakfast, and only continental, not full english.The sports bar has a cold feel to it, but when we mentioned we were celebrating, they gave my partner a free beer. We didnt eat here, but saw others eating, and the food looked lovely.The main bar area in the lobby was brilliant, comfy sofas, and very attentive friendly staff. The barman sent us over complimentary champagne for us two to help us celebrate, which was a lovely touch!! The concierge staff were very helpful, and all in all made for a really lovely trip. Certainly well recommended. Its a bit out of the way being at the other end of marble arch, but the concierge gives out free tube maps and knows whats what. Felt safe and welcomed in the hotel.All in all very good stay, certainly would recommend others to stay here.	
Nov 5 2007 	Good Hotel 	Booked 2 nights at Hilton Metropole through Hotwire at around £70 per night. The view from our room was not good, but for that price, who cares??? I imagine there are much better positioned rooms if you are willing to pay top dollar but the room was good, with a massive, comfortable bed. Staff were friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge staff. It is near Paddington and about a 10 minute walk from Oxford Street for shopping and less than 5 mins to Subway, so we found the location ideal. We had a drink in the Sports Bar on a Saturday afternoon within the hotel so we could watch the football, but it's not cheap, and I would not recommend the pizza - it was poor. There are coffee shops and a few restaurants nearyby. The Metropole has a Luggage hold so as our flight home wasn't until night time and we had checked out, it was fine to leave the luggage and come back for it later. Overall, we enjoyed staying at the Metropole, and if we could get a deal for that price again, we would jump at the chance.	
Nov 5 2007 	Met Our Expectations	The Metropole was fine. We booked through Hotwire and confirmed by phone that we would have 2 double beds. Arrived to 2 twins - a problem since there were 4 of us. They were &quot;fully booked&quot; until we agreed to pay extra for 2 doubles. Restaurant recommendations by the concierge desk are unreliable.The pool is clean, the rooms are fairly clean, and the neighbourhood is pretty good. All in all, an average experience. Wouldn't race back but it was okay.	
Nov 2 2007 	Good Hotel!	Got this on Priceline for £65 a night (Thur &amp; Fri).Hotel was very clean, staff at check-in were very friendly. Room was small and clean - by London standards! King size bed was very comfortable.Tube station across the road and Starbucks, Costa coffee and an M&amp;S directly opposite! Would stay here again!	
